How is director Zack Snyder 's take on Superman in "  Man of Steel " any different from earlier screen versions ? After all , Christopher Reeve created an iconic figure in Richard Donner 's 1978 classic  and sequels  , while Brandon Routh made an attempt in Bryan Singer 's "  Superman Returns " in 2006 . But as composer Hans Zimmer previously hinted to CNN , this Kal-El is a little more spiritual . "  When we started to examine the Superman mythology , in the most classic sense , I really wanted to press upon the film the ` why ' of him , which has been 75 years in the making , " Snyder told CNN . "  The Christ-like parallels , I did n't make that stuff up . We were n't like , ` Hey , let 's add this ! ' That stuff is there , in the mythology . That is the tried-and-true Superman metaphor . So rather than be snarky and say that does n't exist , we thought it would be fun to allow that mythology to be woven through . " At 75 , is Superman still our hero ? Snyder starts with the arrival of an infant Kal-El via a miracle birth on his home planet , Krypton . All the other Krypto-babes are genetically engineered , groomed by a process of selection that predetermines their function in society , but Kal-El was made the old-fashioned way , with love . Jor-El , Superman 's father  Russell Crowe  , helps deliver the child , to emphasize how much the father is involved with the process . But since Krypton is dying and can not be saved , Jor-El sends this miracle baby to Earth , to save us . "  He will be like a god to them , " he says at one point . Named Clark , he 's raised by humble Midwestern folks Martha and Jonathan  originally Mary and Joseph in the comics  . We tend to think of the adult Clark Kent toiling away at The Daily Planet , but this Clark  Henry Cavill  is a manual laborer -- not quite a carpenter , but the parallel is there . "  This character has a balance between the modern world that we live in , and the archetype that exists in this ancient , other way , " Snyder said . "  I wanted to make it real . " Unlike the Superman of previous films , this take means the world is n't aware of his existence for a long time . Not until he 's 33 is Kal-El called upon to sacrifice himself for a world that may not even believe he exists , and he finally reveals who and what he is . Cavill is not strutting around in a Superman suit for a large part of the film -- he 's even got a beard for a while . This Clark is more humble , more troubled , more conflicted . As a child , he was even bullied -- and refused to fight back , knowing he would hurt his schoolmates more than they deserved . Of course , it makes him seem weaker than he is and gives him a new emotional template . Lois Lane through the years "  He 's reinvented anew , " Snyder said . "  He 's more down to earth , even though he 's also this larger-than-life , impossible figure . Our thesis was , look through Superman 's eyes . Feel what he feels . That 's where we started , and once you do that , you 're in different territory , and that organically changed stuff along the way for us . This exists beyond what I 'm going to do here , and what someone else would do beyond me . I really wanted there to be an echo of that throughout the film , and enshrine it for all time . " Krypton is also reinvented , with an opening sequence that lets the audience see more of that world than ever before , including giving General Zod  played by Michael Shannon  and his followers much more of a reason to track Kal-El down on Earth . "  I was really excited to do that stuff , " Snyder said . "  I love sci-fi , and I wanted this big story to be at the front of the movie and have it be engrossing enough so that when the pod finally crashes on Earth , you go , ` Oh , that 's right ! We 're in a Superman movie . I forgot for a second . ' You think during the Krypton sequence , ` Oh ! This is the movie , I guess . ' " Snyder says he felt beholden to the Superman mythology that exists in the comics , but he also felt free to mix up characters and situations  i.e. , turning Jimmy Olsen into Jenny Olsen  . "  I felt it was natural to do that , " he said . "  We wanted to take this concept of Jimmy Olsen , and not have everything be as exactly aligned as it is . Not everyone has to assume the exact roles that we expect them to . See Amy Adam 's transformation "  The preconceived idea you have about who these characters are -- you can play with it a bit and let the world open up because of that . And then you do n't know what 's going to happen , because you do n't know what your characters are capable of . " Talk of a sequel and a "  Justice League " film is already under way , and Snyder prepared for this film to fit within a larger canvas . Lex Luthor does not appear , but a LexCorp logo can be found on many a building or construction site that gets destroyed during a showdown with General Zod . Could this be foreshadowing ? "  Absolutely , " Snyder said . Will Luthor be upset that his buildings were damaged , or somehow benefit from the business he 'll get from reconstructing Metropolis , setting up a future altercation ? "  I like that , " Snyder said , laughing . "  I 'm writing that stuff down to use it later . " And then there 's the Wayne Enterprises logo on a satellite , which signals that Gotham and Metropolis can co-exist . "  That was also to thank  producer  Chris  Nolan  , for being a great partner and a great friend , and just acknowledge that inside the movie , and like the LexCorp thing , say , ` Maybe this world is bigger than you think . ' "	"  Man of Steel " director Zack Snyder says his Superman is intended to be spiritual Snyder says there are Christ-like parallels to the superhero He says the film is intended to let the audience see the world through Superman 's eyes
CNN  -- It 's not as achingly hip as Barcelona and it 's more manageable than Madrid : Spain 's third city has plenty of flavor , an urban edge and uniquely Valencian oddities . From medieval cathedrals to Calatrava 's futuristic City of Arts and Sciences , Valancia packs in plenty . Where else could you glimpse the Holy Grail in the morning , gorge on paella on a Mediterranean beach for lunch and then wander along a old river bed transformed into a park and visit architectural blockbusters that look like a Star Trek vision of a colonized planet ? After an early morning shot of coffee and , depending on your sugar tolerance , churros , the Cathedral in the heart of the old city is the best place to start the day . Located on the Plaza de la Reina , the cathedral is an impressive mix of gothic , baroque and Romanesque architectural styles . As striking as the many parts of the cathedral are , the sight of the Holy Grail my leave you underwhelmed -- to the unenlightened it resembles something closer to a plastic mug circa . 1973 . If you 're in town on a Thursday , catch the enactment of a tradition almost as old as the grail . The Tribunal de las Aguas , or Water Court , is the meeting of the city 's elders , who gather outside the cathedral 's Plaza del Palau for around twenty minutes . It generally involves a number of old men sitting down not doing very much , while one pronounces what has been decided , and it 's a bit of a tour-group hot spot . On the other side of the plaza is the octagonal Miguelte Bell Tower , where you can climb 207 steps for a panoramic view of the low-rise old city . Not far through the old city 's happy tangle of narrow streets is the Lonja : a fifteenth-century trading house , studded with a fine collection of mugging gargoyles now preserved under UNESCO Heritage status . Bringing yourself out of the city 's medieval landmarks , you can feast on modern culture at IVAM , the city 's cheap and excellent modern art gallery . But for a vision of the future as designed by local superstar architect Santiago Calatrava , wander along the city 's old river bed towards The City of Arts and Sciences . It 's made up of four gleaming white architectural confections , including the Palau de Les Arts Reina Sofia concert hall , which is covered in cracked white tiles that glisten in the sunlight . A few minutes away is the final piece of the architectural dreamscape , the Oceanografico -- one of the world 's biggest aquariums . With two shark tunnels , beluga whales , walruses and thousands of fish it should sate anyone looking for a glimpse of the life aquatic . The Mediterranean Sea itself is not far away , and public transport in Valencia is a convenient way to get around town when things get out of comfortable walking distance . To get to the beach from the center of town hop on a tram on line 5 from Colon towards Neptu . When there you 'll find a beachside strip of hotels and paella restaurants offering versions of the city 's most famous culinary dish . The area was scrubbed up when Valencia hosted the Americas Cup , sailing 's blue riband event , in 2007 . Beyond the rice and seafood delights and the anodyne redeveloped area by the docks , the beach bar of Hotel Neptuno offers some choice classy cocktails . To be extra chilled , snag one of the massage therapists walking along the promenade for a bargain 10 euro beach massage or reflexology session . Back in town , the covered market of the Mercado Central is a must , not just for foodies , but for people-watching . The beautiful modernista building was constructed in 1928 -- look out for the green parrot weathervane . Eating and drinking in the city is a rich experience . Tapas is ubiquitous , but make sure you try horchata -- a sweet local specialty made from a mix of water , sugar and ground tigernut . Among the city 's numerous specialist bars serving the cooling drink , the Horchataria de Santa Catalina provides some fine mixes in a traditional tiled interior . For late night drinks the bars and cafes around Barrio del Carmen are popular with locals and visitors -- San Jaume , housed in an opulent old pharmacy , is a prime spot for people watching at any time of day or night and a little further away , Café Lisboa is buzzy and friendly on the Plaza Dr Collado . Summers in the city are blistering , with mid-autumn and spring the best seasons to visit . But it 's every March that Valencians exhibit the Spanish love for a street party during the Las Fallas festival . Its origins are a bit murky , harking back to pagan rituals , but today it 's a noise fest , with daily processions and ear-splitting fireworks set off through the city 's streets , even during the daytime . The biggest daily barrages take place in the Plaza del Ayuntamiento -- the city 's main square . Out of season some of the effigies and floats built during previous festivals can be seen year round at the Museum of Las Fallas on Plaza Monteolivete . CNN 's Linnie Rawlinson contributed to this report	Spain 's third city has a fun mix of culture and entertainment City of Arts and Sciences is Santiago Calatrava 's architectural masterpiece Old city center can be explored by foot ; city 's river was transformed into a park Chill out with a massage on the beach ; light up at the Las Fallas festival
Ann Arbor , Michigan  CNN  -- Even among the hundreds of applications , this one stood out . Most applicants to creative writing programs submit stories about the angst of their suburban childhoods . This writer 's stories concerned the daily ordeals of a boy living with his family on the streets of Nairobi , Kenya , and the horrific plight of a Rwandan girl whose mother is Tutsi and father Hutu . Not only did the applicant have what writers call "  material , " he was blessed with an uncanny ear for human speech and the poetry to describe his characters ' very unpoetic lives . I can still remember the young Kenyan boy watching his mother decant the glue she intends to sniff . The glue , the boy tells us , "  glowed warm and yellow in the dull light , " and when his mother had poured enough , "  she cut the flow of the glue by tilting the tin up . The last stream of gum entering the bottle weakened and braided itself before tapering in midair like an icicle . " Still , this applicant gave us pause . The writer had so much to say , he seemed to be trying to channel a raging waterfall through the tiny funnels of two short stories . His use of punctuation was idiosyncratic , to say the least . And the applicant was a priest ! Would the other students be willing to share their stories , rife as these tend to be with profanity , drugs and sex , if a clergyman was in the room ? And would this particular clergyman understand what all great religious writers know -- that true literature does n't spring from one 's certainties about the universe , but rather from one 's questions ? That said , how could our students be inhibited by a classmate who did n't hesitate to describe a 12-year-old Kenyan prostitute being paid by rich white tourists to perform sexual acts with their monkey ? As to the shapelessness of the applicant 's prose and the eccentricity of his punctuation , anyone with this writer 's gifts could be taught to structure his material and punctuate his characters ' speech correctly . If I still felt apprehensive about having a priest in my workshop , that anxiety vanished when Uwem Akpan walked in the room . Rather than wear his clerical garb and collar , Uwem showed up in a blue and maize University of Michigan sweatshirt . With his wide , gap-toothed smile , wall-shaking laugh , disarming candor and gleeful giggle , he exuded magnetic charm . Nor was Uwem out of place for being the only Nigerian in his cohort . Despite what the judges of the Nobel Prize might say about American writers being too insular to compete with their European counterparts , this country 's MFA programs provide one of the only spaces on the planet where writers of many races , religions , nationalities and sexual orientations can come together . Writers find common ground not through the homelands they once inhabited but the thematic questions with which they grapple . Early that first semester , I assigned a story by Philip Roth called "  Defender of the Faith , " in which a Jewish sergeant who has witnessed the horrors of the concentration camps must decide whether to grant special favors to the Jewish recruits in his command or enforce strict impartiality . I did n't know whether Uwem would connect to Roth 's quintessentially Jewish outlook . But the moment the discussion started , Uwem 's hand shot up . "  This is the story of my continent ! " he declared . If Africans continued to put tribal allegiances above universal fairness , Uwem said , progress would remain unattainable . This abhorrence of tribalism is what makes Uwem so open-minded . Like most people who are comfortable in their own skins , he is wonderfully able to inhabit the skins of others . One semester , he audited a seminar on Holocaust literature . The professor had no idea who Uwem was , so she could n't help but be surprised when he asked , "  Can you tell me , please , how is it that people can do such terrible things to one another ? " If anyone else had asked that question , the professor might have thought he was simpleminded . But she could tell that this mysterious stranger was asking his question in the most profound way , from the depths of his own experience . A few months later , Uwem accompanied me to my temple for the Jewish New Year . After sitting -- and standing -- for hours through the service , he commented that he had studied in the Bible how Jesus opened the scroll to read , but he had never quite understood how that worked , so it was beautiful for him to see how the Jews really did that . And he was happy to note what Catholicism had copied from Judaism . Just as Uwem opened his mind and heart to us , I opened my mind and heart to Uwem . An atheist with a degree in physics , I do n't believe in prayer . And yet , when Uwem stopped by the evening before a frightening operation on my spine , I granted his request that he pray for my well-being . Startled by the warmth I felt flowing along my spine as Uwem held his hands above my head , I burst out crying . Of course , my colleagues and I never forgot why Uwem was in Ann Arbor , Michigan . During his two years in our program , all of us worked hard to help him develop his many gifts . But mine was the first workshop Uwem took , and I saw his stories at their rawest . As I waded through the reams of rough drafts he had given me , it occurred to me that I had been called upon to help the children of Africa the only way I could -- by helping Uwem to write their stories . We talked about the need to focus each story around a single character 's conflict and a single thematic question rather than attempting to convey everything Uwem knew about all his characters . I also urged him to allow his young protagonists at least a chance for freedom or redemption . Yes , the children whose lives he wanted to depict were the victims of adults who abused , exploited and betrayed them . But even in a society in which a child can be prostituted to provide her family 's food and pay her brother 's school fees , the prostitute 's brother might choose to decline that money , to leave the family , to walk away . Uwem listened attentively , but I was n't sure that he believed what I was saying . I did n't see another version of his story about the street family in Nairobi for several months . When I did , the hairs at the back of my neck stood up . That second version of "  An Ex-Mas Feast " was so powerful and finely polished that I asked Uwem if he would send it to the deputy fiction editor of The New Yorker , whom I had met a few weeks earlier when the magazine brought its college tour to Ann Arbor . Uwem hesitated -- I did n't know this , but he already had submitted an earlier version of the story , twice , to "  The Editor " at The New Yorker -- but I kept nagging him until he sent the new version . The rest , as they say , is history . The magazine accepted Uwem 's story for its fiction issue . Then , a year later , it published a revised version of the story about the half-Tutsi , half-Hutu Rwandan girl . In many ways , Uwem 's success makes sense . Even when he was studying to be a priest , he gave up precious hours of sleep to stay up writing . He applied to an MFA program and got accepted . His teachers recognized his extraordinary potential and helped Uwem to achieve it . And yet , much of Uwem 's success is inexplicable . In a world in which so little attention is paid to children 's suffering , a world in which fewer and fewer publishing houses remain interested in acquiring literary fiction and independent bookstores , even in college towns such as Ann Arbor , are closing their doors , the editors at every major publishing house in New York competed for the privilege of publishing a book that might not sell many copies but had shaken them to the core . And Oprah ... how could Oprah , who had never selected a collection of stories for her book club , choose a collection like Uwem Akpan 's , with its multilingual patois , complete absence of pathos or sentimentality and nearly unbearable-to-read violence toward children ? Yet all of this came to pass . Oprah respected her audience enough to assume that if she was so deeply moved by Uwem 's stories , they would be moved as well . In choosing "  Say You Are One of Them , " Oprah brought to Uwem 's cause the intelligence and heart of her many readers . That any of this happened at all , let alone in five short years , is a literary miracle . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eileen Pollack .	Eileen Pollack : There was concern about Uwem Akpan 's application to a writing program She says he fit in well and his talent soon became evident Akpan 's blessed with great talent for hearing people and with poetic writing ability , she says His book of stories about African children has been selected by Oprah 's book club
Lisbon , Portugal  CNN  -- The NATO meeting in Lisbon ended on a high note Saturday , with U.S. President Barack Obama calling the summit "  extremely productive . " Obama said that after a period in which U.S.-Europe relations were "  severely strained , that strain no longer exists . " "  We came to Lisbon with a clear task , to revitalize our alliance , " he said , explaining that the alliance has resulted in a unified Europe , a strong ally of the United States , and prosperity for the United States , Europe and the world . NATO , which held a two-day summit , adopted a new strategic concept that will serve as the alliance 's road map for the next ten years and reconfirmed "  its commitment to defend one another against attack as the cornerstone of Euro-Atlantic security . " "  NATO leaders reiterated their commitment to ensure that the Euro-Atlantic Alliance has the full range of capabilities necessary to deter and defend against any threat to the safety and security of the populations of member countries , " the alliance said in a press release rounding up highlights of its meeting . "  To this end , they decided to develop the capability to defend European territory and populations against missile attack as a core element of collective defence and to extend an offer to Russia to cooperate with NATO in this regard , " the release said . The alliance also focused on Afghan security , missile defense , modernizing , a "  fresh start in relations with Russia " and streamlining its military command structure . NATO 's leaders agreed to forge a "  capability to protect NATO 's populations and territories in Europe against ballistic missile attacks , " according to the release . Alliance leaders said "  they see this as a core element of NATO 's collective defence task in view of the growing threat of the proliferation of ballistic missile technology and weapons of mass destruction . " The 28 NATO countries were joined by others , including the 20 partners who are contributing forces to the mission in Afghanistan , representatives of the United Nations , the World Bank and the European Union , and Afghan President Hamid Karzai . "  Together , they launched the process by which Afghan security forces will increasingly take the lead for security operations across the country , starting early 2011 , " NATO said . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen signed a long-term partnership agreement with Karzai under which "  NATO will stay as long as necessary to support Afghanistan until it can no longer become a safe haven for terrorism . " As for Russia , NATO allies agreed with Russia "  to jointly expand support for Afghanistan , including by broadening transit arrangements , extending training of counter narcotics officials and providing equipment to Afghan security forces . " Obama and Rasmussen announced that NATO heads of state will gather again in 2012 , in the United States .	U.S.-Europe relations no longer "  strained , " President Obama says NATO renewed commitment to defend member nations against attack NATO and Afghanistan forge long-term partnership In 2012 , NATO heads of state will meet in the United States
CNN  -- Just within the past week , a disturbing video released by the hacktivist group Knight Sec exposed details surrounding the alleged sexual assault of a teenage girl in Steubenville , Ohio ; more protests erupted over the horrific gang rape of a young woman in India ; and the final sessions of the 112th Congress did not reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act . Whether it 's here in the United States , or in other parts of the world , violence against women persists and justice often falls through the cracks . The Steubenville rape case has come back into the spotlight due in large part to online activists who felt that it was n't being taken seriously . While the case against two teenage football players is being investigated , with a trial set for February , we as a society must do all we can to end sexual violence against women . The video footage and messages that surfaced on social media , which appear to depict the sexual abuse of a girl , highlight horrible attitudes and unacceptable behaviors toward women . One thing is clear : Those "  bystanders " who were present on the night of the alleged rape bear a responsibility . Why did n't any one of them assist her or respond to what was happening ? And while three members of the football team have come forward to testify in the case , more should have . The "  code of silence " that is often found among athletes , fraternities and other similar groups must be addressed . We call upon our athletic teams and coaches to speak up because they can play an important role in prevention . Coaches can educate young men about the need to treat women with respect , encourage healthy relationships with the opposite sex , and promote non-misogynist behavior . We must ensure that young men see sexual violence against women as despicable and do all they can to stop it . According to a recent national survey , 1 in 5 women in the U.S. reported having been raped . Most rapes are perpetrated by someone the victim knows . Victimization can start early in life . We still live in a culture where young women are not given a voice and victims of sexual violence are sometimes not believed . Opinion : Why do n't some boys see it as rape ? The Ohio incident has sparked outrage since it first was reported . Advocates and community members were glad that the case was turned over to special prosecutors in the Office of Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine to avoid potential conflicts of interest . When Cleveland Plain Dealer reporter Rachel Dissell took up the story in September , it inspired people who had been sexually assaulted to come forward about their own experiences . These people know that they were no longer alone . Fewer than half of Ohio 's 88 counties have rape crisis services available for individuals who have been sexually assaulted , and many existing programs lack the adequate resources to provide needed prevention and community outreach to address the myths about sexual violence and promote a culture that supports rape survivors . In Steubenville , there is no prevention funding to address sexual violence . As for survivors , how can they seek justice and healing if they have little support and resources available ? We call upon House Speaker John Boehner -- who 's from Ohio -- to help us end sexual violence . Opinion : End culture of rape in 2013 The Violence Against Women Act includes provisions for engaging men and boys as allies to ending sexual violence , providing bystander intervention and prevention in high schools and on college campuses . Contact your Congress member and encourage him or her to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act . Survivors and communities across Ohio and the nation deserve your support . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Katie Hanna and Monika Johnson Hostler .	Katie Hanna , Monika Johnson Hostler : In the U.S. or abroad , violence against women persists They say there 's often a "  code of silence " among athletes and fraternities Hanna , Hostler : Athletic teams , coaches should educate boys about respecting women
CNN  Chicago 's historic Pullman District , a World War II internment camp and a section of Colorado 's upper Arkansas River Valley will become the nation 's newest national monuments this week , a White House official told CNN . President Barack Obama plans to make the announcement Thursday during a visit to Chicago 's Pullman town , a historic industrial site that will become the first National Park Service unit in the city , the official said . Obama is naming the sites using his authority under the Antiquities Act , which he has already used to establish or expand 16 national monuments . Since 1906 , presidents have used the act to protect other historic and natural sites across the country , including the Grand Canyon and the Statue of Liberty . Pullman National Monument , Illinois America 's first planned industrial town , the 203-acre site within the present-day city of Chicago has factories and buildings from the Pullman Palace Car Co. , a railway car company dating to 1867 . The company town was established in the 1880s . A majority white work force constructed the famous railway cars , while a mostly black work force from the ranks of former slaves worked in service positions on the cars . Key to the rise of an African-American middle class , the porters made labor history by organizing as the Brotherhood of the Sleeping Car Porters and eventually winning a historic labor agreement . "  Pullman workers fought for fair labor conditions in the late 19th century , and the Pullman porters helped advance America 's civil rights movement , " said Sen. Richard Durbin , D-Illinois . "  During the economic depression of the 1890s , the Pullman community was the catalyst for the first industry-wide strike in the United States , which helped lead to the creation of Labor Day as a national day . " Honouliuli National Monument , Hawaii Not far from Pearl Harbor , the Honouliuli Internment Camp opened in 1943 and was the longest-used and largest site for holding Japanese-Americans , European-Americans and resident immigrants in Hawaii . The internment camp , which once held captive 400 civilian internees and 4,000 prisoners of war , will be managed by the National Park Service . "  Honouliuli represents a dark period in our history when thousands of Japanese-Americans in Hawai'i and across the country were forced into internment camps during World War II , " Sen. Brian Schatz , D-Hawaii , said in a statement . "  This historic site will memorialize the strength and bravery of the many Japanese-Americans who faced discrimination and serve as a reminder to ourselves and future generations that we can not repeat the mistakes of the past . " Browns Canyon National Monument , Colorado Located in the upper Arkansas River Valley near the town of Salida , this 21,000-acre monument will protect the bighorn sheep , bald eagles and amazing diversity of wildlife and plants that inhabit the mountains and cliffs of Browns Canyon . The designation will support outdoor human activity such as hiking , hunting and fishing , protect the watershed and keep in place existing water rights and uses . The site will be managed by the Department of the Interior 's Bureau of Land Management and Department of Agriculture 's National Forest Service . "  Browns Canyon is a national treasure with a long history of bipartisan support in Colorado , " said Sen. Cory Gardner , R-Colorado , adding that the monument will stand as a tribute to former Sen. Mark Udall 's legacy of protecting this and other Colorado sites . However , Gardner stated his preference to work through the legislative process . "  In the coming days I will be introducing legislation to ensure that Colorado 's state and local interests have a seat at the table in discussions about Browns Canyon . "	Obama will name a Japanese internment camp a national monument A Pullman historic town and Brown Canyon will also be named
CNN  -- Rhona Levy , a real estate management secretary living in the Bronx , has already decided upon her final resting place . Like many , she wants to be buried in a cemetery with her loved ones . Her loved ones just happen to be her four cats and one dog . Levy , 65 , never thought she would be able to be buried in a pet cemetery but a new regulation enacted by the New York Department of State officially permits pet cemeteries to inter the cremated remains , or "  cremains , " of pet owners along with their pets . "  A sizable segment of the New York community articulated a desire to be able to have their cremains buried with their pet remains , " stated the formal "  notice of adoption " published in the official New York State register Wednesday . "  No evidence suggests that permitting this practice will harm cemeteries for human remains . " Under the regulation , effective August 2 , pet cemeteries can accept human cremains for burial but can not charge a separate fee for those remains or advertise their human-remains burial services . The state set those rules to make it clear pet cemeteries were not engaging in "  the operation of a cemetery for human remains . " New York is one of a handful of states that has made formal regulations regarding human remains in pet cemeteries . "  Most states have not addressed this specifically . It 's very much a state of flux right now , " said Poul Lemasters , an attorney and funeral director based in Cincinnati , Ohio . Lemasters also is a consultant for the International Cemetery Cremation and Funeral Association and the Pet Loss Professionals Alliance . Virginia currently is proposing a similar regulation allowing pet cemeteries to be added to existing human cemeteries . Additionally , Pennsylvania is one of few states that allow human bodies to be buried on pet cemeteries without having to be cremated , according to Lemasters . The effort to formally allow human remains to be buried in New York pet cemeteries began in 2011 after NYPD officer Thomas Ryan wanted to be buried with his deceased dogs in Hartsdale Pet Cemetery in upstate Hartsdale , New York . The pet cemetery , established in 1896 , had been allowing human-remains interment for decades . "  Our records indicate it was being done since early 1920s , " Ed Martin Jr. , the cemetery 's director , said of the practice . "  We were doing it all along . A couple of years ago , the New York -LSB- state -RSB- Division of Cemeteries asked us to cease the procedure to take a closer look . " Eventually the state decided in favor of people who wanted to rest eternally with their mascots . And it was the growing demand of owners wanting to be buried with their pets that sparked government attention , said Lemasters . "  It 's been going on for so many years and no one has ever said anything , " said Lemasters . "  It 's going to happen , so why not allow it to happen and regulate it . It 's just a matter of time before states start regulating this more and more . " The decision covers all pet cemeteries in New York state . Once Levy found out about the new regulation , her mind was made up . "  My decision was set in stone right then , that I knew I would be cremated and I would be buried with my pets , my babies , " she said . For decades , Levy enjoyed their company . Her dog , Snow , and three of her cats , Putchke , Pumpkin , and Twinkie are all buried at Hartsdale . She and another cat , Shaina , will join them one day . "  They 're my children , they 're my babies , I love them , " she said . "  When they live with you , when you raise them , they 're your family . " New York ferret fans find foothold as city reconsiders ban	New York State says human remains can be buried in pet cemeteries State says regulation comes after "  a sizeable segment " of N.Y. spoke up Pet owners wanted to be buried with their pets The regulation takes effect in early August
New York  CNN  -- Something about the redness of the red ribbon continues to haunt me . I have had many dreams of it : one is a bonfire of ribbons . Red like blood , red like passion and anger , and red like love . Twenty years . That 's how long it has been since the Visual AIDS Artists ' Caucus created what they called "  The Ribbon Project . " These New York City artists were compelled to collaboratively create a symbol that was easy to reproduce , that would be cheap , and that would make people think about AIDS . Today we know their work simply as the Red Ribbon ; an icon that became most poignant at the height of the AIDS crisis . In 1991 , the downtown arts scene was also an unimaginable scene of devastation . AIDS changed contemporary art , and world culture , forever . A multitude of talented people had already died and scores more were ill . Or caring for dying friends , or working collectively as groundbreaking AIDS activists . Some were doing it all . And in a series of meetings in April and May of 1991 members of the Visual AIDS Artists ' Caucus decided that a piece of grosgrain ribbon , twisted in a simple loop and hand-stitched to a gold safety pin , would be an appropriate icon to show support and compassion for those with AIDS and their caregivers . 30 years of AIDS moments to remember When asked about whether a ribbon was enough , the late Rodger McFarlane , executive director of Broadway Cares , who along with Tom Viola of Equity Fights AIDS worked immediately with Visual AIDS to place them in the public , said , "  I never want this to seem like anything more than visibility . The ribbon does not feed people or protect them from discrimination or provide leadership or a cure . But it is , at least , an easy first step . " Founding Visual AIDS Executive Director Patrick O'Connell was quoted the same year in The New York Times , "  People want to say something , not necessarily with anger and confrontation all the time . This allows them . And even if it is only an easy first step , that 's great with me . It wo n't be their last . " Marking the 20th anniversary of the creation of the red ribbon for AIDS is an acknowledgment of the merits of art and necessity of artists . A small group of people changed the world , with an elegantly simple act . We honor their talent , foresight , and dedication in sparking a zeitgeist that pushed the acronyms "  HIV " and "  AIDS " into everyday speech . Their story is a source of hope because we now know that advocacy can bring change , but it is also a serious reminder that there is more to be done , because AIDS is not over . Visual AIDS recently commissioned four artists - A.K. Burns , Avram Finkelstein , Joe De Hoyos , and John Chaich -- to create new versions . 10,000 lapel buttons attached to red ribbons will be distributed beginning of December 1 . Just as the Artist Caucus did in 1991 , this fall , ribbon bees were held throughout New York City at Occupy Wall Street , area colleges , The LGBT Center , and private homes . The red ribbon has been copied . It 's been historicized . It is honored as an icon of design and activism transcending language , recognized around the world . Its creators saw that it would never be copyrighted in the U.S. , and they emphasized that it should never be made for sale or profit . Still , it has also been commodified . We always hope any profits were used to benefit services for people living with HIV , or towards research for a vaccine , treatments , and a cure , or for effective prevention campaigns that emphasis harm reduction , treatment access , and universal health care . I found a letter from June 21 , 1991 . Signed by Patrick , Tom , and Rodger on behalf of "  The Ribbon Project , " it explained that "  by wearing the red ribbon we demonstrate compassion for people living with AIDS ; support of the on-going efforts of their caretakers and service organizations ; and advocacy for a coordinated response from our government for the research that will lead to effective treatments , vaccines , and ultimately , a cure . " The work of courageous people did lead to effective treatments . Twenty years later , my desire for all the other demands that wearing a ribbon once demonstrated remains . It must be our collective desire . Beyond December 1 , we must make HIV/AIDS a part of daily life and in doing so continue to extend safety , dignity , and compassion to all people living with HIV ; to honor those we have lost ; to work for a cure that can be shared worldwide ; and to hold our governments accountable to the coordinated responses developed with community input . But my dreams of the red ribbon continue . It 's certainly the iconic symbol of the AIDS crisis and now it even resides in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art . But it is more than a museum piece , it was the first , and remains the most emblematic of all "  disease awareness " ribbons . Its ethos endures as it embodies the greatest of complexities in one elegant form . As current social movements and activism seek visual embodiments of our varied messages , its spirit endures . But for me , I still see red . The opinions in this piece are solely those of Amy Sadao .	This year marks the 20th anniversary of the creation of the "  Red Ribbon " for VisualAIDS The symbol is an icon of design and activism that is recognized around the world Visual AIDS recently commissioned four artists to create updated versions
Republicans woke up Sunday to a wave of new polls that showed their Senate candidates surging ahead in key states -- including one in Iowa that looked particularly grim for Democrats -- giving the GOP a jolt of enthusiasm going into the 2014 campaign cycle 's final hours . Two days from the midterm election , Washington 's political class was buzzing around news that Iowa GOP Senate hopeful Joni Ernst was 7 percentage points up in a Des Moines Register poll , and Republican candidates and surrogates popped up on the Sunday news shows , gleeful about their prospects . "  I think the wind is at our back , " Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " He added that Republicans will "  in all likelihood " win control of the Senate and added : "  I think people are ready for new leadership . " Fueling the Republicans ' optimism was a Register poll that showed Ernst leading Democrat Bruce Braley , 51 % to 44 % -- prompting pollster J. Ann Selzer to tell the newspaper that "  this race looks like it 's decided . " Hours before the poll 's release , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid spelled out what a loss in the Hawkeye State would mean for Democrats . "  Iowa is critical . There 's no other way to say it , " Reid said Saturday in a conference call with the Progressive Change Campaign Committee . "  Joni Ernst would mean â $ " coming to the United States Senate â $ " that Mitch McConnell would be leader of the United States Senate , who agrees with her on everything , " he said , according to Politico . And it was n't just Iowa that had good news for Republicans . A new set of NBC News/Marist polls unveiled Sunday morning gave Republicans boosts in three key Senate races -- including McConnell 's in Kentucky , as well as Georgia , where Democrats had hoped to pickup a seat , and Louisiana , where Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu is in a tough race for her political career . Those incumbent Senate Democrats have spent the fall trying to distance themselves from President Barack Obama , whose floundering state-level approval ratings have been a drag for his party down the ticket as Republicans tie their opponents to the commander-in-chief every chance they get . "  This is really the last chance for America to pass judgment on the Obama administration and its policies , " former GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney said on "  Fox News Sunday . " Of course , polls are no guarantee for how elections will turn out on Tuesday , as the past several elections for midterms and the presidential race were dogged by major network surveys that turned out to be very different from the actual results . And Democrats cite the 2010 example of Colorado where Republican Ken Buck was consistently polling ahead in the final weeks of that race , only to be defeated by now Sen. Michael Bennet . Democrats swung back on the Sunday shows as well to make the case that their early voting numbers suggest they 'll hold onto some of those seats . Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz said on ABC 's "  This Week " that her party 's candidates will benefit from get-out-the-vote efforts targeting people who supported Obama in 2008 and 2012 , but did n't vote in the 2010 midterm elections . "  We have a ground game that I know -LSB- RNC chairman -RSB- Reince -LSB- Priebus -RSB- would take ours over theirs any day of the week , " she said . She also pointed to Democratic surrogates -- including former President Bill Clinton and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Obama and Vice President Joe Biden -- and said they trounce GOP surrogates like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Paul and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz . But Priebus shot back that "  our ground game is whipping their ground game . " "  Look , if Americans who want change vote on Tuesday , the Democrats are going to have a terrible night . We 're going to have a great night , " he said . "  And it 's because Barack Obama 's policies and Debbie Wasserman Schultz 's policies and Harry Reid 's policies are on the ballot . " The GOP needs to pick up six seats to win a Senate majority , and with several other victories all but guaranteed , losses in swing states like Iowa could seal Democrats ' fate . Senate Republican leader McConnell is ahead of Democratic challenger Alison Lundergan Grimes , 50 % to 41 % , according to an NBC News/Marist survey released Sunday . Democrats had hoped the contest would be among their few chances to pick off a GOP-held seat or at least divert resources from other key Senate races . Another of those targets is Georgia , but the Republican nominee there , David Perdue , has jumped to a 48 % to 44 % lead over Democrat Michelle Nunn , the NBC News/Marist survey found . That lead might not be enough to clench that race . To win in Georgia , candidates must earn more than 50 % of the vote -- and if neither Perdue nor Nunn are able to reach that mark , they 'd face each other again in a run-off election in January . In Louisiana , Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu is in trouble , too . The NBC News/Marist poll found her at 44 % support , but in the state 's "  jungle primary " she 's facing two Republicans -- Rep. Bill Cassidy and tea party candidate Rob Maness . If Landrieu falls short of 50 % , she 'd face just one of those Republicans in a December run-off -- and without conservatives ' votes being split , she 'd be the underdog . The GOP is all but certain to win seats now held by retiring Democrats in Montana , South Dakota and West Virginia . They 're also favored in Alaska , Arkansas and Louisiana -- states consistently won by Republican presidential candidates . Wins in swing state targets like Iowa , Colorado , North Carolina and New Hampshire would offer a huge boost to Republicans ' chances -- and would insulate the party from potential losses in Georgia and Kansas , where independent challenger Greg Orman has n't said who he 'd caucus with and therefore ca n't be considered a reliable supporter of either party . Top Democrats , trying to narrow the gap , hit the trail Sunday , including Bill Clinton , who planned four stops in Arkansas -- where Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor is endangered and long-time Clinton foil Asa Hutchinson is expected to win the governor 's race . Hillary Clinton , meanwhile , was in New Hampshire , where Sen. Jeanne Shaheen and Gov. Maggie Hassan are both facing stiff challenges in their re-election bids . She 'll also attend the funeral for long-time Boston mayor Tom Menino . Obama , who 's stayed away from most Senate races this year with the rare exception of a Saturday visit to Michigan on behalf of Democratic candidate Gary Peters , is in Connecticut Sunday to campaign for Gov. Dannel Malloy . Republicans are flocking to Kansas , where Orman is threatening to unseat Republican Sen. Pat Roberts . The party 's 1996 presidential nominee , Bob Dole , and former Sen. Rick Santorum are campaigning for Roberts on Sunday . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , a likely 2016 White House contender , is swinging through South Carolina , Illinois , Maryland and Pennsylvania . Another potential presidential candidate , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , is with Republican Dan Sullivan in Alaska , trying to help the Republican knock off first-term Democratic Sen. Mark Begich . The Florida governor 's race -- one of the nation 's tightest -- is also getting the attention of big names in both parties . Biden is campaigning for the Democratic candidate , Charlie Crist , while former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush is making stops with Republican Gov. Rick Scott .	Polls from the Des Moines Register and NBC News had good news for Republicans GOP surrogates took to the Sunday shows to cheer their poll results Democrats say their ground game and campaigns will close the gap Both parties have their biggest names on the trail Sunday
CNN  -- After nearly 10 years of expertly skewering American pop culture and the television wasteland , E! 's clip show "  The Soup " is raising the stakes on its own program and will broadcast live for the first time to mark the series ' 500th episode . The show will air live on both coasts on August 21 at 10 p.m. . At a recent taping for the 499th episode , host Joel McHale and executive producer K.P. Anderson spoke with reporters about the milestone and what Anderson called the "  high-wire effect " of the live show . "  I have full-on dyslexia , " McHale said . "  So that 'll be great . I think it really brings a sense of danger . " The 500th show will be a "  Soup " fans recognize , rather than a retrospective . "  I think live is pretty much the trick , " Anderson said . "  We 'll have a couple of little surprises along the way with our special guests , but I think we as a show do better when the material is fresh and we have new jokes . " As of the interview , the special guests -- a different set for each coast -- include B.J. Novak , Adam Carolla and perhaps Lady Gaga .  She was still pending .  McHale said he prefers a good mix . "  It 's like getting a Blizzard at Dairy Queen , " he quipped . As for dream guests in the future , he named Paul McCartney , Beyonce and Jay Z , Justin Bieber because "  apparently he has a fan base , " David Byrne from Talking Heads and Prince . "  I would love for Prince  to come on  , " McHale said . "  Prince , open invitation . " And why not ? McHale said most guests enjoy their experience . "  Without exception , " he said , "  every single reality star I have ever met has said , ` Please put me on your show ' or ` Thank you for having me on your show and may I come back on ? ' No one has gone , ` How dare you ? ' " Still , the host admitted he never thought "  The Soup " would last . "  We have a 50-year plan , " he joked . "  This is phase one . It 's complete . Phase two is the next 10 years . " But seriously , "  I never thought it would go this long . No one ever thought that . "  There was always the sense , especially in the first couple of years , that no one was watching , kind of like public access . And that sense that people still are n't watching has never left . " "  The TV landscape has changed over the time that we 've been doing  the show  , " Anderson said . "  We " ve talked about how we 're going to change things because ` Pawn Stars ' became more popular than the scream-at-each-other-and-puke-in-the-foyer-shows " that were the show 's bread and butter early on . "  The success  of ` The Soup '  is we take all of the mayhem that exists out there and bring it under one roof . But what that is changes all the time . " Currently the show 's staff is obsessed with "  Whodunnit ? " the goofy murder mystery show on ABC . "  The clips are n't necessarily the most provocative , but the show has been driving the staff out of its mind all summer . There are zero stakes . There 's no tension , " he said . "  And we love it . " Though it 's hard to remember most of the clips the show has churned through over the 500 episodes , some , like Whitney Houston on "  Being Bobby Brown " and Tila Tequila on "  Shot at Love , " naturally stand out . But it 's "  Spaghetti Cat " that McHale calls "  the greatest moment we ever had . " When McHale is not taping "  The Soup , " he 's busy filming movies and starring on NBC 's "  Community . " The show 's fifth season features the return of "  Community " creator Dan Harmon , and while McHale modestly underplayed his role in getting Harmon back , it has been said he was instrumental . "  Harmon  created the show and the show is in his voice , so to have it back in his voice I think was important , " McHale told CNN . "  I was thrilled that he wanted to come back and that Sony was willing to have him back , so I 've never been creatively happier . "	"  The Soup " marks its 500th episode milestone The show will be broadcast live for the occasion Guest stars will drop by to celebrate
Mental Floss  -- As midnight approaches on December 31st , more than a few of us will crack open a bottle or two of champagne to help toast in the New Year . Many a glass of champagne will be raised during a toast to the New Year . With a few choice facts about the bubbly stuff , you can look knowledgeable rather than just tipsy when you drain your flute . Here are a few little nuggets you can share with fellow revelers . 1 . What exactly is champagne ? Strictly speaking , champagne is a sparkling wine that comes from the Champagne region of northeastern France . If it 's a bubbly wine from another region , it 's sparkling wine , not champagne . While many people use the term "  champagne " generically for any sparkling wine , the French have maintained their legal right to call their wines champagne for over a century . The Treaty of Madrid , signed in 1891 established this rule , and the Treaty of Versailles reaffirmed it . The European Union helps protect this exclusivity now , although certain American producers can still generically use "  champagne " on their labels if they were using the term before early 2006 . 2 . How is champagne made ? Sparkling wines can be made in a variety of ways , but traditional champagne comes to life by a process called the methode Champenoise . Champagne starts its life like any normal wine . The grapes are harvested , pressed , and allowed to undergo a primary fermentation . The acidic results of this process are then blended and bottled with a bit of yeast and sugar so it can undergo a secondary fermentation in the bottle .  It 's this secondary fermentation that gives champagne its bubbles . This new yeast starts doing its work on the sugar , and then dies and becomes what 's known as lees . The bottles are then stored horizontally so the wine can "  age on lees " for 15 months or more . After this aging , winemakers turn the bottles upside down so the lees can settle to the bottom . Once the dead yeast has settled , producers open the bottles to remove the yeast , add a bit of sugar known as dosage to determine the sweetness of the champagne , and slip a cork onto the bottle . Mental Floss : Why is the drinking age 21 ? 3 . What 's so special about the Champagne region ? Several factors make the chardonnay , pinot noir , and pinot meunier grapes grown in the Champagne region particularly well suited for crafting delicious wines . The northern location makes it a bit cooler than France 's other wine-growing regions , which gives the grapes the proper acidity for sparkling wine production . Moreover , the porous , chalky soil of the area -- the result of large earthquakes millions of years ago -- aids in drainage . 4 . Do I have to buy champagne to get good sparkling wine ? Not at all . Although many champagnes are delightful , most the world 's wine regions make tasty sparkling wines of their own . You can find highly regarded sparkling wines from California , Spain , Italy , Australia , and other areas without shelling out big bucks for Dom Perignon . 5 . Speaking of Dom Perignon , who was this guy ? Contrary to popular misconception , the namesake of the famous brand did n't invent champagne . But Perignon , a Benedictine monk who worked as cellar master at an abbey near Epernay during the 17th and 18th centuries , did have quite an impact on the champagne industry . In Perignon 's day , sparkling wine was n't a really sought-after beverage . In fact , the bubbles were considered to be something of a flaw , and early production methods made producing the wine somewhat dangerous .  Imprecise temperature controls could lead to fermentation starting again after the wine was in the bottle . If one bottle in a cellar exploded and had its cork shoot out , a chain reaction would start .  Perignon helped standardize production methods to avoid these explosions , and he also added two safety features to his wines : thicker glass bottles that better withstood pressure and rope snare that helped keep corks in place . Mental Floss : The men behind your favorite liquors 6 . What 's the difference between brut and extra brut ? You 'll see these terms on champagne labels to describe how sweet the good stuff in the bottle is . As mentioned above , a bit of sugar known as dosage is added to the bottle right before it 's corked , and these terms describe exactly how much sugar went in . Extra brut has less than six grams of sugar per liter added , while brut contains less than 15 grams of additional sugar per liter . Several other classifications exist , but drier champagnes are more common . 7 . Why do athletes spray each other with champagne after winning titles ? Throughout its history , champagne has been a celebratory drink that 's made appearances at coronations of kings and the launching of ships . However , the bubbly-spraying throwdowns that now accompany athletic victories are a much more recent development . When Dan Gurney and A.J. Foyt won the grueling 24 Hours of Le Mans race in 1967 , they ascended the winner 's podium with a bottle of champagne in hand . Gurney looked down and saw team owner Carroll Shelby and Ford Motors CEO Henry Ford II standing with some journalists and decided to have a bit of fun . Gurney gave the bottle a shake and sprayed the crowd , and a new tradition was born . 8 . What 's sabrage ? After the French Revolution , members of Napoleon 's cavalry decided that the normal pop-and-foam ritual of opening a bottle of champagne just was n't as visually impressive as it could be . They responded by popularizing a way of opening bottles using a sword . The technique , known as sabrage , involved holding a bottle at arm 's length while quickly running a saber down the bottle towards the neck . When the saber 's blade struck the glass lip just beneath the cork , the glass breaks , shooting off the cork and neck of the bottle while leaving the rest of the vessel intact . Ceremonial "  champagne swords " are available for just this purpose , and if you can pull off this trick , you 'll be the toast of your shindig .  Be careful , though . A flying champagne cork is already you 'll - put-your-eye-out dangerous , and adding a ring of ragged broken glass to the equation does n't make the whole endeavor any safer .  Mental Floss : Drinking stories that put yours to shame For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Champagne is a sparkling wine from Champagne region of N.E. France Most of the world 's wine regions make tasty sparkling wines of their own Extra brut is less sweet than brut champagne Sabrage is technique of opening champagne bottler with a sword or saber
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel has attempted to deliver humanitarian aid from an international flotilla to Gaza , but Hamas -- which controls the territory -- has refused to accept the cargo , the Israel Defense Forces said Wednesday . Palestinian sources confirmed that trucks that arrived from Israel at the Rafah terminal at the Israel-Gaza border were barred from delivering the aid . Ra'ed Fatooh , in charge of the crossings , and Jamal Khudari , head of a committee against the Gaza blockade , said Israel must release all flotilla detainees and that it will be accepted in the territory only by the Free Gaza Movement people who organized the flotilla . Israel said it had 20 trucks of aid found on the ships , such as expired medications , clothing , blankets , some medical equipment and toys . Israel has released all foreign flotilla detainees by Wednesday , but four Israeli Arabs remain in custody . Nine people died Monday when Israel intercepted an aid vessel bound for Gaza . Under Israeli policy , humanitarian aid must come through Israel and be checked by Israeli authorities who are looking to intercept smuggled weapons bound for militants aiming to attack Israel . As part of this policy Israel forbids ships from dropping off goods at Gaza ports and works to thwart smuggling via tunnels between Gaza and Egypt .	Trucks of flotilla aid halted stopped at Gaza crossing Clothing , medical material , blankets on trucks Material will be accepted by activists after all detainees freed
American Fork , Utah  CNN  -- Pharmacies in Utah and Illinois are at the heart of an illicit nationwide network providing prescription drugs over the internet , federal agents state in court papers filed in two cities . In search warrant affidavits obtained by CNN , agents said the business was centered around two pharmacies , one in the Chicago suburb of Des Plaines , Illinois , and the other here in this small town south of Salt Lake City . According to the affidavits , both pharmacies are owned by the same man , Kyle Rootsaert -- the subject of a 2008 report by CNN . One of them , the Des Plaines company now called Rand Pharmacy , combined with another unidentified pharmacy to ship 30,000 packages of prescription drugs across the country during the first six months of 2010 . "  This is a pretty large ring of at least 200 websites that acted as internet pharmacies that were basically selling drugs -- prescription drugs -- without requiring a valid prescription , " John Horton , a former official in the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , told CNN . "  These affidavits indicate this was a multiyear , multimillion-dollar operation involving thousands and thousands of prescriptions . Going back in time , there were even deaths involved with this organization . " The affidavits say most of the drugs were highly addictive , especially muscle relaxants called Soma and tramadol . And the majority of the prescriptions , a government source told CNN , were authorized by the same physician , Dr. William E. Morrow of Layton , Utah , who had never seen or even talked with those ordering the drugs online , according to the documents . Utah state records show Morrow 's license to dispense controlled drugs was revoked for three years , beginning in 1999 , because he prescribed such substances without following proper procedure . He paid a $ 1,000 fine and was again allowed to dispense controlled drugs in 2002 . His license to practice medicine was not suspended . CNN 's Special Investigations Unit first examined Rootsaert and Roots Pharmacy , the company he owns in American Fork , in 2008 . CNN Correspondent Drew Griffin ordered the antidepressant Prozac over the internet without a doctor 's prescription , and the pills were delivered by overnight express the following day . The affidavits show federal agents doing essentially the same thing in a series of test buys between 2008 and April 2010 -- ordering drugs from a variety of websites and receiving the pills within a day or two . In addition , the agents received dozens of follow-up e-mails encouraging them to purchase more drugs . Spokesmen for the U.S. attorney 's offices in both Utah and Chicago declined to comment . But former White House official John Horton , who now is president of an online pharmacy watchdog site called LegitScript.com , told CNN that the cash involved is significant . "  With approximately 5,000 prescriptions being processed a month , at roughly $ 100 a prescription , that 's at least , what ? A half a million a month being made by this operation alone , " Horton told CNN . Rootsaert did not return phone calls or answer a knock on his door . His lawyer , Peter Stirba , told CNN in an e-mail that he had not had an opportunity to speak with his client about the affidavits . CNN was able to locate Morrow , approaching him in his driveway as he arrived home . He quickly ordered CNN 's team to leave . "  I do n't want to talk now , " he said . "  Now get off the property . Get off the property . " Morrow refused to answer a series of follow-up questions . Horton told CNN that with the affidavits , the Department of Justice was attempting a new line of legal reasoning to clamp down on online pharmacies . "  The Department of Justice , for the first time , is saying these are considered unregulated drugs , and that is a violation of the law , " Horton said .	Two pharmacies sold drugs without valid prescriptions , federal agents say The online pharmacies in Utah and Illinois are owned by the same person , affidavits say The affidavits say most of the drugs were highly addictive
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Taking risks in life with her career , and less so at the buffet table , have served Mireille Guiliano and her readers well . The longtime Veuve Clicquot champagne house executive has a wisdom about women , French and otherwise , that 's made her one others turn to for advice . The former CEO and best-selling author of "  French Women Do n't Get Fat " and "  French Women for All Seasons " is now toasting her latest book , "  Women , Work & the Art of Savoir Faire : Business Sense & Sensibility . " Inspired by the young women who 've approached her for guidance , Guiliano , who splits her time between New York and Paris , set out to impart what she 's learned through her career . "  We have to help each other and help especially the young generation progress and not make the same mistakes we did , " she said . "  These very difficult times , with the recession and all of that , are actually a positive for women because it gives us a chance to make a difference and show that we are becoming the majority , and we should be treated as such . " CNN sat down recently with Guiliano to discuss the word that hurts the careers of women most , the lessons her mother taught her and any last-minute tips she has to prevent holiday-food overindulgence . Here are excerpts from that interview : CNN : What exactly is this art of savoir faire you speak of ? Guiliano : Savoir faire is a complex set , a mix I should say , of competence , experience and knowing somehow instinctively how to make a decision in a given situation . -LSB- It 's -RSB- creating your own luck and your own opportunities and then making the most of them . CNN : What are the pitfalls you 've seen women fall into most often and how do you think they can be avoided ? Guiliano : The word that I found comes back over and over again in women 's lives when it pertains to their professions is the word fear . They 're afraid to make a move . They 're afraid to take a job in another state or another city or another country . They 're afraid to go for an interview . They 're afraid to take a promotion because they might not be up to the job . It comes from our culture , of course , the low self-esteem and low confidence we have , and we have to change that . CNN : How did you not fall into that trap ? Guiliano : I used my mother 's management principle , which was ironic because my mother did n't go to school and was n't a businesswoman . But she told me to not be afraid to take risks and to ask myself , "  What is the worst thing that can happen ? " ... When you have that in mind , it gives you a special strength to go ahead , be bold and take the chances . CNN : When you talk about what "  our culture " has taught women , do you see a difference between American women and French women ? And as a Frenchwoman who 's lived and worked in New York , what have those differences meant to you ? Guiliano : Being and working in America , it 's very important to work hard , work smart and work in a certain way . France and Europe has , with the tradition and culture , it 's slow-moving and it 's not always good . So you have to find a balance between the two . I know that I could have never accomplished what I have if I had stayed in France . CNN : Why do you say that ? Guiliano : Because the opportunities were not there . Because it 's much more of a man 's world . In France , it 's still very difficult for women to move ahead and to get into the boardroom or -LSB- serve as -RSB- CEO and all of that . That has to change . CNN : But what about the need for more balance in American women 's lives ? Guiliano : Balance -- that 's what it 's about . At the end of the day , each of us is responsible for our own balance . It starts with the physical because when you are healthy physically , of course , you have more energy , you are more bubbly , you are more productive , you 're a happier person . And I believe it 's contagious . Your spouse will notice it , your colleagues will notice it , and it will have a tremendous positive effect on the way you work , the way you think and the way you do everything . CNN : Do you have tips on how to achieve this ? Guiliano : Find times to relax , to pursue your hobbies , your moments because this is very important . It 's unfortunate that sometimes our companies , our bosses do n't understand that we need that time . Actually it makes us better workers . We should n't feel guilty going for a walk at lunch , as opposed to eating at our desks . Each of us has different ways . For you , it might be five minutes , three times a day , of deep breathing . And for me it might be 20 minutes of yoga in the morning . Or for someone else it might be listening to music or going for a walk . Whatever it is , you need that . CNN : You 've also , since your first book , emphasized the importance of eating well . We are in the midst of the most gluttonous season , and though it might be a little late to apply your advice this year around , do you have any last-minute tips for how we can approach holiday parties ? Guiliano : You have to apply a few commonsense tricks . At most of those parties , the food is not that great to start with , so do n't go hungry and starving . Have two tablespoons of a yogurt or a sliver of cheese or a few nuts or a hard-boiled egg or an apple before you go , so you 're not starving , and then try not to be too close to the food . Or look at all the food and pick two or three things you like and just have small portions , small bites . ... People in America , in the Anglo-Saxon world , tend to say "  no bread . " You can have a little bit of everything . It 's all about moderation and balance .	Mireille Guiliano , best-selling author , promotes latest book about work life Women mentoring other women is key to growth , as is finding balance , Guiliano says Letting go of fear allows women to take risks and move ahead , author adds Balance is tied to physical health and sensible eating , a doable holiday challenge
Erika Harold , a biracial , former Miss America-turned-Harvard Law School-educated attorney in her 30s , would seem to be the type of congressional candidate the Republican Party would break its neck to back in a race . But , as she barnstormed across Illinois ' 13th Congressional District in a maverick effort to defeat first-term incumbent Rep. Rodney Davis in March 's primary , Harold came face-to-face with an extreme example of the types of challenges female GOP congressional hopefuls sometimes face . In Harold 's case , she was shut out and , ultimately , shut down . Her requests for party data on voters who had previously cast ballots in Republican primaries was denied , according to media reports . She was shunned at political functions and potential donors were warned to stay away , she said . Republican officials told Harold to consider running for another office . "  She chose to run against a sitting member of Congress , " Andrea Bozek , spokeswoman for the National Republican Congressional Committee , a GOP organization which helps candidates seeking congressional office , said last week . "  There were plenty of other races she was encouraged to run for . We 're a member-driven organization . " Women 's work : The GOP 's glass ceiling Montgomery County Republican Party chairman Jim Allen was forced to step down from his post and apologize after he called Harold a "  street walker " in an email to the editor of Republican News Watch , an online newsletter , and declared "  Rodney Davis will win and the love child of the D.N.C. will be back in Sh*t cago by May of 2014 working for some law firm that needs to meet their quota for minority hires , " according to multiple media reports . Party officials denounced Allen 's comments . Chicago attorney , Doug Ibendahl , who edited Republican News Watch , said the email and toxic tenor of the race is why his party is struggling to gain traction with women and minorities . Ibendahl first flagged the email which then became a national story . Crystal Wright , an editor and blogger with ConservativeBlackChick.com , put it more bluntly . "  She was black and needed to know her place , " Wright said of the attitude she felt some members of the party establishment displayed toward Harold . "  We complain we do n't have enough female and minority candidates . Then someone with Erika 's qualifications comes along and we treat them like crap . It 's very disheartening to me that the party I belong to does n't get it and is so out of touch . You get tired of beating your head against a brick wall . " Harold , who was once a delegate who spoke at the 2004 Republican National Convention , ultimately lost the primary to Davis , 55 % -41 % . She now works for an Illinois law firm . "  Women get discounted from the conversation before they have the opportunity to prove their viability , " Harold said of her experience in the primary . The GOP knows it has a problem recruiting and supporting female candidates and attracting women voters . After a self-examination following huge losses among women , minorities and young voters in the 2012 presidential election , the party ramped up its outreach efforts and has spent millions on such initiatives as Project GROW , which seeks to beef up the number of female candidates , and "  14 in 14 " , a program aimed at winning more women voters to the Republican cause . 5 House races to watch in 2014 Party officials point to the success of such candidates as Mia Love , the former mayor of Saratoga Springs , Utah , who spoke at the 2012 Republican National Convention . The GOP rising star , who is Haitian American and Mormon , lost her bid against Democratic incumbent Rep. Jim Matheson to represent Utah 's Republican-leaning 4th Congressional District by 768 votes in the 2012 general election . So , when Matheson announced he was retiring in 2014 , Love regrouped and strategized with party officials . The advice : announce early and run hard . "  Mia Love is a phenomenal candidate who took advantage of announcing her candidacy early this cycle , " Bozek said . "  This time she announced February 2013 which gave her a year and half to fund . And now she is almost assured to be a member of Congress . " If she wins the general election this fall , Love would become the first African American Republican woman in Congress . "  What I 'm seeing , more than anything than in the last presidential election , the Republican Party learned many things and they reached out to women more , " said Alice Stewart , a Republican strategist and radio host . "  They 've made tremendous strides in reaching out to women candidates and constituents . " It 's not enough , said former Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine . "  The net effect of their efforts is reflected in their results . They have fewer women running than they did in 2012 . They have not made up lost ground and built a strong foundation for women running on the Republican ticket , " she said . "  It 's important to have those efforts , but frankly the overall efforts have n't produced the kinds of results that are essential to build support among women to run for office . " "  Instead of leaning in to encourage more female candidates the party is standing in place , " she said . Over the past two decades , Republican women have been less likely to enter or win primaries when compared to their Democratic peers , according to a study by Rutgers University 's Center for American Women and Politics . The number of Republican women entering primaries has also decreased , the study found . Part of the problem , some Republican women said , is the increasingly polarized nature of congressional districts and the primary battles to represent them . Women , studies such as the one from Rutgers have found , tend to be more moderate in their views on such issues as reproductive choice and , as a result , struggle in primaries that skew conservative . Another issue is the increasingly toxic nature of primary showdowns "  Republican primaries have become bitterly contested , " Snowe said . "  What 's to attract anyone to want to engage in that kind of political flummox ? " The very nature of the primary system further complicates matters , Harold , Snowe and other Republican women said . Men dominate House and Senate seats â $ " especially on the Republican side . Therefore , any woman who seeks higher office would either have to wait for that member of Congress to retire and leave an open seat or challenge a sitting member of Congress in a primary . And because state and local parties tend to support sitting members of Congress in primaries , Republican women are especially challenged when they seek those seats . "  That 's why I support open primaries so that you get more independents participating in primaries and so it 's not concentrated with the idealogues , " said Snowe who was considered a Senate moderate . "  The people who vote in the primaries are controlling what happens in an election . So just a few people determine who would be governing the state or the country . " Even when Republican women do run for office , the Rutgers study found that they often struggle to net adequate networking and funding support â $ " both within the party and from outside groups â $ " needed to win their races , said Debbie Walsh , director of Rutgers University 's Center for American Women and Politics . While there are a number of well-funded groups , such as EMILY 's list , supporting candidates with more liberal stances , there are fewer groups that do likewise for conservative women , the Rutgers study found . Former Alaska governor and 2008 GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin has supported a number of conservative women candidates through her political action committee SarahPAC . Her campaigning and fundraising efforts benefited such candidates as New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte in 2010 and this year Joni Ernst , a Senate candidate from Iowa who won her primary Tuesday night , among others . SHE PAC , a conservative women 's group , is supporting Love , who won her primary , in her House bid and Monica Wehby , an Oregon doctor who also won her primary and is running for the Senate , among other candidates . As for Harold , she said she would consider another run at public office . But she cautions that her tale highlights some of the possible pitfalls . "  Fundraising and party support are imperative if women are going to gain leadership in the Republican Party , " Harold said . Top takeaways from Tuesday 's primaries	Rutgers University study finds GOP women struggle to win primaries Former Miss America and Ivy Leaguer Erika Harold faced tough congressional primary Some Republican women the blame primary system , a lack of support as problems in GOP elections A more open primary system could help more Republican women run , get elected to office
It could be out with old meeting rooms and in with new social spaces , as Generation Y is set to transform the way we work in the next 10 years . In the U.S. , those born between 1979 and 1997 are predicted to make up the largest part of the workforce within a decade and with it change offices and the nature of work itself . "  We are facing a huge generational shift , as baby boomers  born between 1946 and 1964  leave the workforce , and that means we have to rethink our workspace , " says Michael O'Neill , senior director of workplace research for Knoll , Inc. . By the end of the decade , the balance in the U.S. will flip from approximately 50 % baby boomers and 25 % Generation Y workers to 25 % baby boomers and 50 % Generation Y workers , according to a 2010 report from Knoll , a workplace furnishing company . "  That is a massive shift , and it will happen in less than eight years , " says O'Neill . To understand how workspaces will need to change to accommodate and attract this new generation of workers , O'Neill and Knoll looked at the work patterns and preferences of more than 15,000 employees in 40 countries , and across four generations . Their findings reveal a number of generational differences . For example , Generation Y rates the importance of having an "  engaging workplace " highest and the "  quality of meeting rooms " lowest , while baby boomers rate these features opposite , with high importance on meeting rooms . "  Baby boomers like structured , face-to-face meetings , " says O'Neill . That 's how they usually get things done . And if that 's how you get things done , the quality of meeting spaces will be important to you . " Generation Y on the other hand , likes quick , casual and socially-tinged meetings . Their use of technology in interaction further undermines the importance of lengthy meetings and formal spaces , according to O'Neill . As for their top priority on an engaging workspace , Generation Y blends their personal and private life , and they like a workplace to feel residential and like home , says O'Neill , explaining that baby boomers do n't expect or want spaces that evoke the emotional connectedness of home . "  They tend to separate their work life and their personal life , " he says , adding that their focus is more on function and on efficient spaces . So how will this play out in the office of the future ? "  It already does , " says Alison Maitland , co-author of "  Future work : How business can adapt and thrive in the new world of work " . "  It is the idea of work being an activity and not a place . That is more important , " she says , "  and it is already happening in companies like Unilever 's Hamburg office and Microsoft 's office in Amsterdam . "  The focus there is on collaboration and innovation , nobody has a permanent desk , and employees are encouraged to move around and work in a space that best suit their activity at any given time . " However , she emphasizes that the generational shift is just one of many variables pushing us into a new world of work . Changes in technology , the economy and businesses are all part of the shift . Read more : 8 ways to make your office life better "  There used to be formulas for how to crank out an office building for a certain amount of people , " says O'Neill . "  Now , designers are building a wider variety of rooms tailored to each company 's function and direction . You are seeing more open meeting spaces , lounge furniture near circulation spaces and that type of thing . It is a shift from a ` me ' to a ` we ' workspace . " However , tearing down all these walls can be a challenge to baby boomers . "  It hurts when you take the office away , " says O'Neill , "  because you feel like you have worked your whole career , and you 've earned that . To baby boomers , the office is a status marker . To Generation Y , a status symbol is more likely to be whether or not it has the new iPad or a certain level of freedom . " Generation X  those born between 1965 and 1978  is a group that grew up with financial and work insecurity and has little in common with Generation Y or baby boomers , believes O'Neill . "  They tend to be more skeptical . Their focus is on security ; they are more the ` show me the money ' generation , " he says . Are cool offices the key to success ? So , how does a company maneuver this field of different generations and preferences ? "  Be aware of your workforce and your employees ' needs and wants , " says Laura Sabattini , senior director of research at Catalyst , a non-profit organization that works to expand business opportunities for women . "  Assess the specific group because there is so much variation . That is a way to start creating a workforce that is inclusive . " Maitland agrees : "  Companies that are going to have three or four generations in their workplace really do need to think about those different work styles and different preferences . Falling over to accommodate only Generation Y would not be the most productive way and could backfire . "	Those born between 1979 and 1997 will be dominant age group in workforce in ten years Difference in values between baby boomers and Generation Y set to transform offices ` Millennials ' put more emphasis on flexibility , personal attachment to work , suggests report Analysts suggest that offices need to be able to cater for all generations to thrive
CNN  -- It 's early in the morning , but the soldiers in their camouflage uniforms have already been awake for several hours . They 're getting their gear ready , making sure all of their safety equipment , hooks , belts , and straps are in working order . Nothing seems out of the ordinary , until you take a closer look . Among the 270 recruits getting their basic paratrooper training , there are 71 women . After a 50-minute check-up , they all board military planes that will take off from the Santa Lucia Military Air Base near Mexico City . This is the first time in 22 years that women in the Mexican armed forces are being trained as paratroopers . The program was suspended in 1989 for unspecified reasons . Now it 's back again , but officials have n't said if it will instituted permanently . Once they reach an altitude of 1,500 feet , it 's time to jump and put into practice the four weeks of training they have received . It 's a small jump for these women soldiers , but one giant leap for the Mexican military . Corporal Raquel Gutierrez is among the first women who signed up for paratrooper training . "  I think this is an activity that only a few can do . We are a group of women who have decided to enter a space previously reserved for men , " Gutierrez says . For the Mexican military , training women as paratroopers means more personnel at the ready ; many in Mexico also see this training as an important step towards gender equality . Basic paratrooper training in the Mexican military takes four weeks . Trainees have the opportunity to jump off a plane five times . For Corporal Norma Flores being part of this training is one of the most exciting things she 's done in her life . "  It 's a very beautiful experience and , honestly , I 'm very proud . I want to learn a lot of things here in the Army and , well , it 's a good opportunity to serve our country , " Flores says . Army officials say the training that these women are going through is exactly the same men take . There 's no special treatment or relaxing of the rules . The goal is that paratroopers are equally trained , capable , and safe , regardless of their gender . Colonel Bernardino Olvera , who 's in charge of this phase of paratrooper training , says safety and preparedness are paramount . "  We ca n't make any distinctions -LSB- between men and women -RSB- because there are no parachutes for men or women . Training has to be the same , " Olvera says . First Sergeant Miriam Rivera says that , after all , the fear you feel right before jumping off the plane has no gender . "  It 's true that you always have some fear , but with the training that we have received during the whole month we learn to change fear for an adrenaline rush in order to jump off the plane , " Rivera says . Once the training is over , the seven female officers and 64 soldiers will return to their normal duties . the Mexican Army has yet to establish the option of being a paratrooper as a career choice for women entering the forces , a limitation that based on this training may be about to change .	A group of women is training to be paratroopers in Mexico It 's the first time in 22 years Training for men and women is the same
CNN  -- The editor of the New Yorker on Monday said he has no regrets about running a cover illustration that portrays Barack Obama in Muslim garb and wife Michelle Obama as a gun-toting militant , despite widespread criticism of the image . The New Yorker cover published Sunday shows Barack and Michelle Obama with a flag burning in the fireplace . Obama 's campaign has sharply criticized the publication 's latest cover , which appears to portray the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee and his wife as terrorist enemies of the United States . The cover , published Sunday , shows Obama in the Oval Office dressed in traditional Muslim attire . His wife , Michelle , wears an Afro hairstyle and has a machine gun slung over her back . An American flag can be seen burning in the fireplace , and a picture of Osama bin Laden hangs on the wall . "  The New Yorker may think , as one of their staff explained to us , that their cover is a satirical lampoon of the caricature Sen. Obama 's right-wing critics have tried to create , " Obama spokesman Bill Burton said in a statement . "  But most readers will see it as tasteless and offensive . And we agree . " David Remnick , the longtime editor of the highly-regarded publication , told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that he believes the ironic intent of the illustration will be clear to most Americans . "  The idea is to attack lies and misconceptions and distortions about the Obamas and their background and their politics . We 've heard all of this nonsense about how they 're supposedly insufficiently patriotic or soft on terrorism , " the The New Yorker editor said . "  That somehow the fist bump is something that it 's not . And we try to put all of these images in one cover , and to satirize and shine a really harsh light on something that could be incredibly damaging . " Watch talk show hosts discuss the cover " On Sunday evening Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton called it "  tasteless and offensive . " Sen. John McCain said Monday it is "  totally inappropriate . " Obama refused to comment on the illustration Sunday . Obama supporter and Los Angeles City Councilman Bernard Parks Sr. on Monday called for a boycott of the magazine . Parks is a Democratic superdelegate from California . "  I think it 's outrageous that we 'd have a cover that would depict racism , sexism , anti-religion , also anti-patriotism , and then on top of it to try to draw a conclusion that Mr. Obama has some sympathy toward terrorism , " Parks told CNN . But Remnick , who has approved several provocative covers in the past -- including a recent illustration of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad appearing to solicit gay sex in a bathroom -- says he is n't concerned Americans will misunderstand the illustration . "  I think you underestimate the intelligence of the American people , to be quite honest . Yes , there will be some people who will misunderstand it , not get it at first , " he said . "  But here we are on television , discussing something that 's been a kind of subterranean theme in American politics , which is disgusting -- these lies about Barack Obama , about Michelle Obama . "  And so in fact we 're not even satirizing the Obamas , we 're satirizing these rumors , the lies that have fed into the politics of fear . " Remnick also defended his publication 's use of satire in general , likening it to the work of popular television hosts Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert . "  If there 's no possibility for satire , if you always have to look for the joke that every -- absolutely everyone will get , you wo n't have Jon Stewart , you wo n't have Stephen Colbert , " he said . "  Stephen Colbert goes on and mocks right-wing commentary by pretending to be a right-wing commentary . In a way this is Colbert in print . " And not everyone finds the illustration over the top . "  Do you really believe that if you see this ... cover , you 're going to say to yourself , ` Oh , this is Barack and Michelle ' ? " conservative radio talk-show host Shelley Wynter asked . "  This is satire . Anybody that looks at a drawing of a cartoon and wants to say , ` This is what my presidential candidate is going to be like ' is already ridiculous and should n't be voting . " The cover is linked to a feature article about Obama 's formative political years in Chicago . Liberal radio talk-show host Laura Flanders told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday . "  I think the Obama campaign made a misstep here . They should have come out strongly endorsing this cover . " iReport.com : Satire or slander ? Share your thoughts She said , "  This is n't a jab at them , terrorist or any other kind . This is a jab at the media . ... It should be cause for our conversation to focus on the kind of fear mongering that the media and people on the right have engaged in . " Conservative talk-show host Joe Pagliarulo agreed . "  I think this could be a very positive thing for the Obama campaign , " Pagliarulo said . "  I think they 've got to embrace this and say ` Look , there are rumors out there . ' I talk to people every day , like Laura does . People really do believe ... that he 's a Muslim . They believe he was sworn in on the Quran . They believe that his wife is unpatriotic and so is he . " Conservative talk-show host and CNN contributor Bill Bennett said he understands why the Obama campaign is upset with the cover . "  The New Yorker blew this , " he said . "  It has a distinguished history and great writing . I read The New Yorker occasionally . But it was tasteless and stupid . The intellectuals missed it ... and it backfired on them . If I were the Obama campaign , I would be furious at these people . " But Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville defended the magazine 's cover choice as satire in its "  ultimate form . " "  I do n't know what the big deal is , " he said . A Newsweek poll released Friday showed that 12 percent of those polled believed Obama was sworn in as a U.S. senator on a Quran , and 26 percent believed that he was raised as a Muslim . Neither is true .	NEW : New Yorker editor defends cover as satire Democratic superdelegate calls for boycott of The New Yorker Magazine cover shows Sen. Barack Obama in Muslim attire , wife with machine gun Obama spokesman says cartoon is "  tasteless and offensive "
CNN  -- A 6.7-magnitude earthquake struck near Vancouver Island , British Columbia , on Friday afternoon , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The center of the earthquake was approximately 175 miles west of the city of Vancouver and nearly 50 miles underground . Many people on Vancouver Island felt the quake , especially those in high-rises , which swayed back and forth , said John Cassidy of the Geological Survey in Victoria , British Columbia . He described the quake as originating 30 miles offshore . The shaking lasted 10 to 20 seconds , Cassidy said , and there were no reports of damage or injuries Friday afternoon . Earthquakes of such magnitude happen every decade or so , he said . There was no immediate danger of a tsunami as a result of the earthquake , authorities at the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . CNN 's Deanna Proeller and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : High-rises sway on Vancouver Island , but no injuries or damage is reported NEW : The shaking lasts 10 to 20 seconds The center of the earthquake is 175 miles west of the city of Vancouver There is no immediate tsunami danger , officials say
CNN  -- A former Florida A&M football player fatally shot by police in Charlotte , North Carolina , was clearly seeking help after a car wreck -- and video from the squad car 's dashboard camera will prove it , an attorney for the man 's family said Wednesday . Officer Randall Kerrick shot the unarmed Jonathan Ferrell , 24 , last month after a woman -- home alone with her 1-year-old child -- called 911 and reported that someone was trying to break down her front door . Ferrell had wrecked his car down the street and had simply gone to the nearest home seeking help , family attorney Chris Chestnut said . "  I completely understand her situation . She 's at home by herself , 2 in the morning , with a baby . I completely understand that she was frightened , " Chestnut said . "  But had she taken the time to just speak through the door and find out what was going on , rather than say , ` He 's trying to rob me ' or ` He 's trying to beat down the door , ' I think she would 've had a different understanding . " The woman initially opened the door , Chestnut said , questioning why she would report a home invasion . Had Ferrell been an intruder , he would have burst into her home when she opened the door , he said . 911 call : A plea for help before police officer shoots unarmed man But the attorney was quick to say he was n't judging the woman or her actions . Still , he said , it was "  unconscious bias " that led to Ferrell 's death . According to the 911 tape , the woman told a dispatcher , "  I need help ! " "  There 's a guy breaking in my front door , " she continued . "  He 's trying to kick it down . " Her reaction was understandable , Chestnut said , but Kerrick 's was not . "  The onus is n't on the homeowner . The onus really here is on the officer , because it 's the officer 's job . He 's a trained professional . She 's a citizen . She can panic . An officer can not , " Chestnut said . Kerrick was charged with felony voluntary manslaughter , meaning he is accused of either using excessive force in self-defense or shooting Ferrell without the intent to kill him . Kerrick turned himself in September 14 , the day of the shooting , and was released the following day on $ 50,000 bond . "  We are confident that at the resolution of this case , it will be found that Officer Kerrick 's actions were justified on the night in question , " his attorney , Michael Greene , said . The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department did not concur , releasing a statement calling the shooting unlawful . "  The evidence revealed that Mr. Ferrell did advance on Officer Kerrick and the investigation showed that the subsequent shooting of Mr. Ferrell was excessive , " police said in a statement the day of the shooting . "  Our investigation has shown that Officer Kerrick did not have a lawful right to discharge his weapon during this encounter . " The statement further said , "  It has devastated a family as well as caused a great deal of sadness and anxiety in our organization . " Police used the words "  charged , " "  ran " and "  advanced " in describing Ferrell 's interaction with police . But Chestnut said the young man merely walked "  briskly " toward them and surmised that Ferrell was relieved police had arrived to help him . An officer tried to subdue Ferrell with a stun gun but was "  unsuccessful , " police have said . Kerrick opened fire after that . A video from a dashboard camera will show Kerrick committed "  cold-blooded murder , " Chestnut said , demanding that the tape be released to the public . "  The public should see the video ... because it tells the story better than anyone , " he said . About a block away from the shooting , Ferrell 's car was wrecked so severely that "  he was lucky to have survived , " Chestnut said . Police told local media that Ferrell had to crawl out the back window of the vehicle . Describing the incident allegedly caught by the dashboard camera , Chestnut said Ferrell was on the sidewalk when police arrived . Ferrell walked toward them , he said . "  Even if they suspected that he was robbing the house from the 911 call , most robbers run the other way when law enforcement comes , " the attorney said . Two lasers hit Ferrell 's chest before the 24-year-old raised his hands , "  like , wait , " Chestnut said , further describing the tape . It was n't clear if the laser were sights from the stun gun or a firearm . Without any verbal warning from police , four shots were fired , then there was a pause before six more gunshots , and another pause before the final two rounds , the attorney said . Ten of those 12 bullets hit Ferrell , killing him instantly , Chestnut said . "  That 's not a scared officer . That 's someone intending to kill , " he said , saying he believes a jury will agree , as it 's "  unprecedented " for police to arrest one of their own so swiftly after a shooting . Family members have said Ferrell was a happy , outgoing guy , who loved Winnie the Pooh as a child . The former gymnast , football player and FAMU chemistry major was working two jobs at the time of the shooting , his mother , Georgia , has said . His fiancee , Cache Heidel , told CNN on Wednesday that Ferrell had been out with friends from one of those jobs , at Best Buy , the night he was shot . Heidel described Ferrell as someone who was always joking and finding ways to make people smile . His demeanor was so gentle and caring , she said , that she nicknamed him "  Sweets . " "  He 's always a joy to be around . He cared so much for other people , more so than himself , " she said . She said she hopes Kerrick is convicted and that her fiance 's death will spur dialogue across the nation . "  That is a hope I have , that his death will resound for a country that prides itself on being diverse and inclusive and accepting everyone for who they are , " she said . Chestnut , who said the family would file a civil suit , also expressed hope that the release of the police video would yield a teachable moment . "  There are other police departments , there are other officers , there are other people who can learn from this video , especially in the day of ` stand your ground , ' " the lawyer said . CNN 's Chris Cuomo contributed to this report .	Attorney asks why police would think Jonathan Ferrell was robber when he approached Police fatally shot the 24-year-old after woman called 911 to report home invasion Ferrell had been involved in a serious wreck a block away and was seeking help , attorney says Fiancee called Ferrell "  Sweets " and said he made people smile , cared for others
CNN  -- Logan Stevenson 's role as best man at his parents ' wedding Saturday came just in time . Logan , a 2-year-old terminally ill boy whose parents moved up their ceremony so he could witness it , died Monday night at his home in Jeannette , Pennsylvania , with family at his side , Westmoreland County Deputy Coroner John Ackerman said Tuesday . The child died of complications from the genetic disorder Fanconi anemia , Ackerman said . On Monday , Logan 's parents , Christine Swidorsky and Sean Stevenson , held him for long periods after it became apparent that his death was near , his mother wrote on Facebook . "  At 8:18 my son took his last breath in my arms , " the mother , now known as Christine Swidorsky-Stevenson , wrote Monday night . "  Im so sad upset and im in disbelief he is with angels and he 's in no more pain . no more sickness no more hospitals . " The parents had put off their wedding for two years , hoping that Logan 's health would improve . The wedding was set for July 2014 , but after being told that Logan had just weeks to live due to leukemia brought on by the Fanconi anemia , his parents moved their wedding to Saturday . "  Under the circumstances of what the doctors told us , we just decided to go ahead and do it while he is still with us , " Stevenson told CNN Pittsburgh affiliate KDKA . On Saturday , Logan , dressed in a tan suit and an orange shirt matching his mom 's bouquet , looked on as his parents exchanged vows in a backyard ceremony . Swidorsky carried her son down the aisle , and his grandmother then cradled him in her arms , his favorite brown teddy bear by his side . "  This is our dream come true , all our family together , and we 're all together celebrating . The celebration of my son 's life and the celebration of our marriage , " Swidorsky said , as Etta James ' "  At Last " played in the background . Whirlwind wedding allows dying tot to be best man for parents Swidorsky said she often described her son as a fighter . He battled through health complications and medical treatment since birth , but remained strong . Fanconi anemia most frequently results in death , commonly from cancer , between the ages of 25 and 30 . Funeral arrangements for Logan , who left behind two older sisters , are being made in Jeannette . CNN 's Joseph Netto , Chuck Johnston , Leslie Holland , and Jacob Robinson contributed to this report .	Logan Stevenson 's parents were married Saturday After delaying the wedding because of his illness , they moved it up so he could be there Logan died Monday night ; he had contracted leukemia because of a genetic disorder
School 's out and the kids are playing outside . How much do you have to worry about them getting sick ? Here are some concerns you may have , and some you may not know about . Do n't worry about your kid getting the skin infection impetigo in a pool ; it ca n't be spread in water . Mom worry : Ca n't mosquito bites be life-threatening because of West Nile virus ? Facts : Unlikely . Ever since West Nile virus came on the scene in the U.S. in 1999 , many moms have worried about every mosquito bite their children get . No need to stress : While anyone can get West Nile virus , it 's not a big threat to kids . "  The majority of children who get this virus have no symptoms -- or they get aches , pains , and fever that go away within a few days , " says Robert Frenck , Jr. , M.D. , professor of pediatrics at Cincinnati Children 's Hospital Medical Center in Ohio and member of the American Academy of Pediatrics 's  AAP  committee on infectious diseases . And fortunately , kids rarely develop serious complications such as encephalitis  a potentially dangerous brain inflammation  . To lower your child 's chances of being bitten , though , get rid of standing water in your yard  think empty flowerpots and wading pools  -- a prime breeding ground for mosquitoes . And , of course , dress your child in a long-sleeved top and pants when you can , apply a DEET-containing insect repellent  the AAP advises one with a DEET concentration of no more than 30 percent for children  , and consider keeping him inside around dusk , when the bugs come out in full force . Parenting.com : Baby summer safety guide Mom worry : Could my child get impetigo from the swimming pool ? Facts : Not a concern . This bacterial skin infection , characterized by itchy blisters , scabs , or sores , is spread by direct contact with someone who 's infected or from sharing contaminated towels or clothes -- not from water . "  Kids get impetigo more often in the summer because they get cuts , scrapes , and bug bites then , which leave them particularly vulnerable to bacterial infections , " says Robert Baltimore , M.D. , a professor of pediatrics in the infectious diseases division at the Yale University Medical School . Once your child is exposed to impetigo , it can take two to three days to develop symptoms . If it 's limited to a small area , your doctor may suggest a topical over-the-counter antibiotic such as bacitracin or a prescription-strength antibiotic like Bactroban . Either of these may be enough to cure the infection and prevent it from spreading . Parenting.com : The savvy mom 's guide to sun safety If the infection is extensive , has already spread , or does n't respond to the topical ointment , oral antibiotics are used for seven to10 days . Because of the recent increase in antibiotic-resistant bacteria like methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus  MRSA  , watch your child 's symptoms carefully to make sure the condition improves after the first course of antibiotics . If it does n't , tell your doctor quickly ; he 'll need to prescribe an appropriate antibiotic if a culture indicates that the infection is due to MRSA . Mom worry : If my child gets hand , foot , and mouth disease , will she be scarred by the rash spreading all over her body ? Facts : Nope . The small , red blisters that appear on the hands , feet , and often the throat with hand , foot , and mouth disease usually look a lot worse than they are , and they wo n't spread or cause scarring . In fact , the spots will naturally disappear when the Coxsackie virus that causes the illness runs its course , usually in about five days . In the meantime , though , the virus is highly contagious . "  We often see outbreaks of the Coxsackie virus in day camps during the summer , " says Robert Fink , M.D. , an associate professor of clinical pediatrics at the Eastern Virginia Medical School , in Norfolk . This is because it can be caught from hand-to-hand contact  for instance , when kids are in close quarters at camp  and from saliva , which kids are exposed to when playing together in the pool or with water toys . Parenting.com : A no-panic guide to health scares If your child does catch hand , foot , and mouth disease , she may have a fever and a nasty sore throat , so make her as comfortable as possible by giving her acetaminophen or ibuprofen for the fever and pain . Also , encourage her to eat ice pops and drink whatever she 's willing to swallow -- including watered-down juice and milk shakes -- to prevent dehydration , which is often a concern when a sore throat is severe . If you 're worried your child is dehydrated , call your pediatrician . Mom worry : Is eating a hamburger that 's not cooked enough a surefire way to get food poisoning ? Facts : Not necessarily . While an undercooked hamburger is a concern when it comes to food poisoning -- courtesy of the infamous E. coli bacteria -- an increasing number of food-borne illnesses are actually caused by produce . That 's because bacteria can be spread from animal products to fruits and vegetables through contaminated water or soil -- and , of course , there can be cross-contamination in the kitchen . And once the bugs are there , they often stick tenaciously to the textured surfaces of produce , ultimately making you or your kids sick . Summer is a particularly dangerous time : When people bring food to parks and beaches , and do n't keep it cool , bacteria can grow and multiply even more quickly . Parenting.com : The truth about superbugs The fix ? Practice excellent hygiene when preparing food . • Scrub your hands with soap and warm water before touching any food -- and do it again before switching from handling meat to making a salad , for example . • Wash whatever produce you buy , and do n't assume it 's clean because it 's in an individual container or package . To prevent bacteria on the outside from getting inside , wash the outer shell of melons and the like before slicing into them . • Have separate cutting boards -- one for meats , one for produce , and one for breads . • Always keep perishable food refrigerated until it 's going to be eaten . • If your child does get a food-borne illness , she 'll probably experience diarrhea , cramping , and perhaps vomiting , sometimes along with a fever , usually for two to three days . To keep her hydrated , give her plenty of fluids , especially electrolyte solutions  such as Pedialyte  , clear sodas like ginger ale , or white grape juice . Parenting.com : Kids and germs • If the symptoms persist or if her eyes become sunken , her mouth is very dry , or she becomes listless , call your doctor right away -- she may need intravenous fluids to replace those she 's lost . Also , if your child has bloody diarrhea , take her to the doctor immediately ; this is a sign that she could have a more serious infection that may require quick treatment with antibiotics . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Children are unlikely to get West Nile virus from mosquito bites You should n't be concerned about children getting impetigo from the pool Hand , foot , and mouth disease will not leave scars An increasing number of food-borne illnesses are caused by produce
CNN  -- A lie-detecting virtual border official nicknamed "  Elvis " is the latest high-tech approach to securing borders in the United States . Developed by University of Arizona researchers in collaboration with U.S. Customs and Border Protection  CBP  , the computer is known as the Automated Virtual Agent for Truth Assessments in Real-Time -- or AVATAR -- kiosk . It uses sensors to screen passengers for unusual physiological responses to questioning -- which can indicate a subject is lying . "  What we 're looking for is changes in human physiology , " said Doug Derrick , a member of the University of Arizona team behind the project . "  We 've had great success in reliably detecting these anomalies -- things that people ca n't really detect . " The kiosk is being trialled at Dennis DeConcini Port in Nogales , Arizona -- a checkpoint on the U.S.-Mexico border -- as a way of processing passengers looking to sign up to CBP 's "  Trusted Traveler " program . The program allows travelers pre-approved as "  low-risk " to be fast-tracked through security processes . Applicants for the program must undergo an interview and biometric fingerprinting to be eligible for the program -- both of which can be performed by the AVATAR kiosk . Derrick said the kiosk could process travelers in five minutes . Travelers simply stand in front of the unit -- which "  looks like an ATM on steroids , " according to Derrick -- and respond to yes/no questions asked in Spanish or English . "  You speak to it like you speak to a person , " he said . Their answers are monitored , with any unusual physiological responses passed on to "  a human field agent " who then subjects them to "  a more careful interview process , " said CBP spokesman Bill Brooks . Unusual responses were not a sure sign of a lie , said Derrick . "  There might be valid reasons for it beyond deception . " Read more : ` Safe-list ' travelers get fast-track through airport security The computer uses three sensors to assess physiological responses : a microphone , which monitors vocal quality , pitch and frequency ; an infrared camera , which looks at pupil dilation and where the eyes focus ; and a high-definition camera recording facial expressions . Some of the involuntary cues that betray whether a speaker is lying could be controlled , but not all of them at once . Lab testing had indicated the machine was much more successful than humans at detecting these cues , according to Derrick . "  People have a hard time detecting small changes in the frequency of the human voice , that a computer is much better at , " he said . "  People are accurate about 54 % of the time at detecting deception ... We have got our machine as high as 90 % in the lab . " Brooks said the project was still in the early phase of field testing , and participating in the AVATAR interview process was entirely voluntary at this stage . But if successful , the initiative could be rolled out in other parts of CBP 's operations . Derrick said it was hoped that , as well as providing better detection of suspicious behavior , the AVATAR kiosk would prove to be "  a really important time and money saving tool . " Initially , the kiosk did not have the avatar feature , but it was added after its developers found that without it , people would tend to speak to the machine in a robotic , unnatural manner . It even got a name among the team developing the project . "  We call him Elvis , or Pat , " said Derrick . "  But when he 's in the field he 's just the AVATAR agent . "	The AVATAR kiosk scans interview subjects for signs of lying It is being trialled in Arizona and monitors voice , eyes and face movements Interview subjects speak to the machine , in English or Spanish , as if it were human If successful , the technology could be used elsewhere in U.S.
CNN  -- In just over a day , rebels seized the Central African Republic 's capital , forced the president out of the country and declared the nation had "  opened a new page in its history . " But no one knows what the next page will say . Michel Djotodia , the leader of the rebel alliance , the Seleka , declared himself the new president , and the rebel group says their takeover opens a path for peace and democracy . Yet questions abound over the future of impoverished , landlocked country -- and what this uprising means for its 5.1 million residents . Where is the Central African Republic ? The Central African Republic is a landlocked nation in the center of the continent , slightly smaller than Texas . It is bordered by Cameroon , Chad , Sudan , South Sudan , the Republic of Congo and the Democratic Republic of Congo . A former French colony , it gained independence in August 1960 . Its 5.1 million residents include various ethnic groups who speak several languages . Even though French is the official language , Sango is the primary one . What has been its form of government ? For the first 30 years , the country was ruled mostly by military governments . Civilian rule was established in 1993 but lasted only 10 years , according to the CIA World Factbook . In March 2003 , then-president Ange-Felix Patasse was deposed in a coup led by Gen. Francois Bozize . Bozize is now in Cameroon , from which he is seeking to move to another country , the Cameroon government said in a communique dated Monday . The statement said that despite his presence , the country shall adhere to a policy of non-intervention . How long was Bozize in power ? Two years after he took over in a coup , Bozize called elections in 2005 -- which he won . In 2011 , he was re-elected , but activists said the polling was marred by fraud . When did the rebellion start ? From the beginning , Bozize did not have full control of the nation . Rebel groups operated , particularly in rural areas . In December 2012 , several of the rebel groups banded together , calling themselves the Seleka , or "  coalition " in the Sango language . They accused Bozize of reneging on a peace deal and demanded that he step down . Slowly , the rebels began taking over parts of the country . Did n't the two sides strike a new peace deal ? Yes , Bozize and the Seleka brokered a peace deal in January , agreeing to form a unity government led by Bozize . But that deal also fell apart . What do the rebels want ? Some say the Seleka want a greater opposition presence in the country 's government after Bozize 's presidential election wins were met with fraud allegations . But others say greed is a factor . Only 3.1 % of the land is arable , but the country has an array of natural resources , including diamonds , gold and timber . "  Government officials from Bangui have accused Seleka of harboring ` foreign provocateurs ' greedy for the country 's vast mineral wealth , and there are suspicions that nationals from Chad , Nigeria , and Sudan also make up Seleka 's ranks , " African studies doctoral candidate Jason Warner wrote in a piece for CNN . How did the rebels take over the capital ? For weeks , the Seleka rebel coalition pushed its way from its base in the north toward the capital city of Bangui , seizing towns along the way . Their efforts took a pivotal turn on March 24 , when they infiltrated the capital . Witnesses reported hours of fierce gunfire in the city , and a government official said seven civilians were killed . Before he ended up in Cameroon , Bozize had crossed into the Democratic Republic of Congo by the end of the day , said Jules Gautier Ngbapo , a government spokesman . And the rebels issued a bold message : "  The Central African Republic has just opened a new page in its history , " said a written statement from Justin Kombo Moustapha , secretary general of the Seleka rebels . The statement described Bozize as the country 's former president and urged residents to remain calm and prepare themselves to welcome rebel forces . Why were South African soldiers in the country ? South Africa sent 200 troops to the country in January to work with the military there to quash the rebellion . During the rebel advance , 13 South African soldiers were killed and 27 wounded , the South African president 's office said . One soldier was unaccounted for . What is likely to happen next ? That 's what world leaders are scrambling to figure out . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the "  unconstitutional seizure of power , " echoing the African Union 's dismay over the rebels ' offensive . Ban 's office said the United Nations will continue working with the African Union and the Economic Community of Central African States to find a solution . Rebel leader Djotodia declared himself the new president , and the rebel alliance said democratic elections will take place after three years . "  A new page is opening for peace and democracy in the CAR , " Francois Nelson N'Djadder , a rebel spokesman , wrote . "  Bozize being gone , the Central Africans must gather around the table to talk and find a common path which will ... lead to the organization of democratic elections . " What other challenges does the Central African Republic face ? Despite its richness of natural resources , the country is stymied by a landlocked position , a poor transportation system , a largely unskilled work force and a legacy of misdirected macroeconomic policies , the CIA 's World Factbook said . Its per-capita GDP -- the country 's economic output divided by the population -- is just $ 800 , putting the country in 222nd place out of 228 countries . And more than one in 25 adults are afflicted with HIV or AIDS . READ MORE : Central African Republic president flees capital amid violence , official says CNN 's Elwyn Lopez , Nana Karikari-apau and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Bozize is now in Cameroon , that government confirms Rebel leader Michel Djotodia declares himself new president One rebel says democratic elections are on the horizon Rebels tell civilians to remain calm and prepare to welcome rebel forces
CNN  -- The military leader who took control of Thailand in a coup in May has been named the country 's prime minister . Thailand 's National Legislative Assembly selected General Prayuth Chan-ocha to lead the government in a vote on Thursday . He was the sole candidate for the post . Members of the assembly were chosen by Prayuth ; more than half are also in the military . Prayuth seized control of the country on May 22 , 2014 after months of unrest destabilized the elected government , led by former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra . Yingluck 's promotion as leader in 2011 led to violent protests and counter-protests amid calls for her to resign . Critics accused Yingluck of acting as a mouthpiece for her brother , former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was deposed in the last coup in 2006 and is now living in exile . After taking power , military authorities summoned leading political officials and other prominent figures . It imposed travel bans and delivered the firm message that dissent would not be tolerated . King 's approval A curfew was imposed , the military threw out the constitution , and Prayuth announced he 'd be assuming powers to act as prime minister until a new one took office . Prayuth 's formal promotion to the role needs to be approved by Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej , though that 's considered a formality . The military leader announced in May that he had the revered King 's backing to assume leadership . Since taking power , the Thai military has enforced the rule of law , seizing guns , arresting suspected criminals and shutting down illegal businesses .	Thai national assembly chooses coup leader as new prime minister General Prayuth Chan-ocha was the sole candidate for the post Military seized power in May after months of political instability
CNN  -- Move over Tokyo . Singapore has dethroned the Japanese capital to become the world 's most expensive city in 2014 , according to the Economist Intelligence Unit 's latest Worldwide Cost of Living survey . The bi-annual report , which ranks 131 global cities , credits currency appreciation , solid price inflation and high costs of living for Singapore 's dubious new distinction . "  Car costs have very high related certificate of entitlement fees attached to them , which makes Singapore significantly more expensive than any other location when it comes to running a car , " says the report . "  As a result , transport costs in Singapore are almost three times higher than in New York . In addition , as a city-state with very few natural resources to speak of , Singapore is reliant on other countries for energy and water supplies , making it the third most expensive destination for utility costs . " Singapore is also the priciest place in the world to buy clothes . Last year 's title holder Tokyo , dropped from the top spot to sixth -- tied with Melbourne , Geneva and Caracas . Tokyo 's decline is due to the weaker yen , says the EIU . World 's 10 most expensive cities to live in 2014 1 . Singapore 2 . Paris 3 . Oslo , Norway 4 . Zurich , Switzerland 5 . Sydney 6 . Caracas , Venezuela 6 . Geneva , Switzerland 6 . Melbourne 6 . Tokyo 7 . Copenhagen , Denmark Asia also has the world 's cheapest city on the list . Down at the other end of the 131-city survey , the EIU lists Mumbai as the world 's least expensive city to live in . The Indian capital , New Delhi , is third cheapest . "  Although India has been tipped for future growth , much of this is driven by its large population and the untapped potential within the economy , " says the EIU . "  Income inequality means that low wages proliferate , driving down household spending and creating many tiers of pricing that keep per capita spending low . "  This , combined with a cheap and plentiful supply of goods into cities , as well as government subsidies on some products , has kept prices down , especially by Western standards . " World 's 10 least expensive cities to live in 2014 122 . Riyadh , Saudi Arabia 123 . Jeddah , Saudi Arabia 124 . Panama City , Panama 124 . Bucharest , Romania 126 . Algiers , Algeria 127 . Damascus , Syria 127 . Kathmandu , Nepal 129 . New Delhi 130 . Karachi , Pakistan 131 . Mumbai , India The Worldwide Cost of Living survey is released twice a year by the EIU . It compares more than 400 individual prices across 160 products and services in 131 cities , including food , drink , clothing , household supplies and personal care items , home rents , transport , utility bills , private schools , domestic help and recreational costs . In total , more than 50,000 individual prices are collected in each survey . "  The cost-of-living index uses an identical set of weights that is internationally based and not geared toward the spending pattern of any specific nationality , " says the EIU . "  Items are individually weighted across a range of categories and a comparative index is produced using the relative difference by weighted item . "	Economist Intelligence Unit names Singapore world 's most expensive city to live in 2014 High costs of living , currency appreciation cited as reasons behind Singapore 's rise Tokyo , last year 's most expensive city , fell to sixth place due to weaker yen
A New York Times report on the September 11 , 2012 , attack that killed four Americans -- including Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens -- in Benghazi , Libya , calls into question much of what Republicans accusing the Obama administration of a cover-up have said about the incident . The three main points of contention have been whether the attack was planned , whether it was sparked by an anti-Muslim video , and whether al Qaeda was involved . However , the Times says , the administration 's version , focusing on outrage over the inflammatory video , and first delivered by then-ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice on Sunday morning talk shows five days later , is n't exactly right , either . "  The reality in Benghazi was different , and murkier , than either of those story lines suggests . Benghazi was not infiltrated by Al Qaeda , but nonetheless contained grave local threats to American interests . The attack does not appear to have been meticulously planned , but neither was it spontaneous or without warning signs , " according to David D. Kirkpatrick 's article in the Times . It 's a conclusion that CNN has drawn in its previous reporting . The attack at the Benghazi diplomatic compound has become a political flashpoint in a long-running battle between the White House and Republicans , who accuse the Obama administration of not bolstering security before the attack , of botching the response to it and of misleading the public for political gain less than two months before the November election . The GOP suggests the administration removed specific terror references and stuck to the explanation advanced by Rice -- later proved untrue -- that the attack was the result of spontaneous demonstrations over the U.S.-produced film "  Innocence of Muslims , " which contained scenes some Muslims considered blasphemous . The White House and its allies in Congress have said any confusion and conflicting information in the early hours and days after the assault stemmed from the "  fog of war , " not any deliberate effort to mislead the public . The White House had no comment when CNN requested a response to the Times article . After reading it , Obama 's former national security spokesman Tommy Vietor unleashed a series of tweets , including these , condemning Republicans who 've spent more than a year lambasting and investigating the Beghazi incident : -- "  If Rs spent 1/50th as much time as @ddknyt learning what really happened in #Benhazi , we could have avoided months of disgusting demagoguery . " -- "  Republicans inflated the role of al Qaeda in #Bengazi to attack Obama 's CT record . They were wrong , and handed our enemy a propaganda win . " -- "  Credit to @ddknyt but also disconcerting that his #Benghazi article offered more insight into what happened than all Congressional hearings . " The Times ' article , which includes interviews with several Libyan militia leaders who helped bring down Col. Moammar Gadhafi 's dictatorship in 2012 , says no evidence supports speculation about al Qaeda 's involvement in the Benghazi attack . To the contrary , the Times reports that the diverse and fractured opposition militias , many of whom were at least somewhat friendly toward U.S. interests , most likely contributed to the attack . That dovetails with the findings of the State Department investigative panel report on Benghazi . "  The Benghazi attacks also took place in a context in which the global terrorism threat as most often represented by al Qaeda  AQ  is fragmenting and increasingly devolving to local affiliates and other actors who share many of AQ 's aims , including violent anti-Americanism , without necessarily being organized or operated under direct AQ command and control , " the report said . The Times report zeroes in on militia leader Abu Khattala as well as the like-minded Islamist militia Ansar al Sharia . In a recent interview with CNN 's Arwa Damon , Khattala acknowledged being at the Benghazi mission after the attack but denied any involvement . Damon spent two hours interviewing Khattala at a coffee shop at a well-known hotel in Benghazi . He allowed Damon to use an audio recorder to tape the conversation , but refused to appear on camera . Khattala 's narrative of the events that night was sometimes unclear and , at times , seemed to be contradictory , Damon said . He admitted to being at the compound the night of the attack , but denied any involvement in the violence . Asked about allegations he may have masterminded the attack , Khattala and two of the men he brought with him to the interview "  burst out laughing , " Damon said . Khattala told CNN that he had not been questioned by either Libyan authorities or the FBI . The militia leader was one of those whom U.S. prosecutors charged in the attacks , as CNN first reported . Ansar al Sharia is more a label than an organization , one that 's been adopted by conservative Salafist groups across the Arab world . The name means , simply , "  Partisans of Islamic Law . " In Benghazi , Ansar al Sharia was one of many groups that filled the vacuum of authority following the overthrow of Gadhafi . The group 's central belief is that all authority is derived from the Prophet Mohammed , that democracy is un-Islamic and that other branches of Islam , such as the Sufi , are heretical . There do not appear to be organizational links between Ansar al Sharia and al Qaeda , but there is solidarity . Among the group 's Benghazi membership is Mohammed al-Zahawi , who fought to overthrow Gadhafi and praised al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahiri in a BBC interview . He said al Qaeda 's statements "  help galvanize the Muslim nation , maintain its dignity and pride . " A different Ansar al Sharia is affiliated with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen , and budding franchises are said to exist in Tunisia , Morocco and Egypt .	New York Times article says competing storylines about 2012 Benghazi attack likely are both wrong The report says contrary to GOP assertions , al Qaeda was probably not involved in the attack The article suggests independent Libyan militias played a key role instead Report : Anti-Muslim video may have sparked the violence , but not solely , as suggested by Obama administration
MNN.com  -- From not-so-sudden bouts of naughtiness to tips for safe pet travel , my dog Lulu inspires most of my columns . Her fun , frisky outlook on life inevitably colors my own . It 's hard to be mad at that face , even when it has destroyed shoes , leather-bound books and countless dog beds . Thanks to Lulu , I take more time to enjoy the little things in life , such as cuddle time or endless shades of blue on display during our morning walks . Pets can teach us so many things , but only if we pay attention . Here are a few lasting lessons from pets that made news in 2011 . 1 . A dog 's loyalty has no match A massive earthquake caused a tsunami last March that eviscerated communities in Japan . Struggling to find signs of life in the ravaged community of Sendai , one camera crew discovered a dog carefully guarding its injured four-legged companion . That heartbreaking scene generated millions of views on YouTube and serves as a lasting reminder of one dog 's loyalty â $ " even in the midst of chaos . According to the Nippon Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , Mei Chan , the Brittany spaniel that stood vigil over her injured friend , has been reunited with her guardian . The search for Lee Chan , the injured dog , continues . 2 . Pets do n't decide how much they will eat ; people do Lulu may gain a few extra pounds during winter months , but I try to keep her weight in check . She 's much easier to handle at bath time when there 's less junk in the trunk . Unfortunately , plenty of pets and people seem to be losing their battle of the bulge . A study by the Association for Pet Obesity Prevention found that more than half of the cats and dogs in this country are overweight or obese . Weight gain can increase the risk for diabetes , a pricey and preventable health condition . Dr. Jennifer Monroe of Eagles Landing Veterinary Hospital in Georgia offers simple advice to correct this growing pet health issue : "  We have a responsibility to -LSB- pets -RSB- as their caretakers to make sure they stay healthy . The best way to make sure they stay healthy is to keep their weight in a reasonable range . " Grab a leash or some interactive toys . Pronto ! MNN : 7 incredibly loyal dogs 3 . Love conquers all For every happy reunion , countless military families cope with devastating loss . A Labrador retriever named Hawkeye placed that pain into razor-sharp focus during the funeral for his owner . Navy SEAL Jon Tumilson was one of 38 killed on Aug. 6 when a rocket-propelled grenade took out a U.S. Chinook helicopter in Afghanistan . During the funeral , Hawkeye approached Tumilson 's casket and remained at his side until the end . 4 . Breed-specific legislation breeds lawsuits Pit bulls have received plenty of bad press , leading several U.S. cities and some states to ban the breed . Pit bull lovers argue that breed-specific legislation fails to punish negligent owners . Enforcing such bans also can be costly for taxpayers . The most recent example involves a pit bull named Snickers and his owner , disabled veteran Jim Sak . Although Snickers is certified with the National Service Animal Registry , Saks was forced to place his pit bull in a kennel due to a ban on the breed in his new hometown of Aurelia , Iowa . Saks and the Animal Farm Foundation filed a lawsuit , arguing that the Americans with Disabilities act does not prohibit pit bulls from being service dogs . A federal judge ruled in favor of the Saks , and now Snickers is going home . 5 . The skies are n't quite so friendly for pets as cargo Dogs , cats , snakes and hamsters take to the friendly skies on a regular basis . But horror stories like that of Jack , the JFK cat that never made his flight from New York to Los Angeles , still make me nervous about pets flying as cargo . Jack escaped when a clerk placed his kennel on another kennel and it fell , opening on impact . Over the next few months , concerned pet lovers took to Facebook with messages about the missing feline . Although Jack was found 61 days later , he was euthanized because of malnourishment and dehydration , which made him prone to severe infection and organ dysfunction . If long-distance pet travel is in your immediate future , take steps to reduce the risk of loss or injury . Invest in a sturdy crate and bookmark sites like PetFriendlyTravel.com , which identify pet-friendly airports along your route . MNN : 5 unusual pet procedures 6 . Accidents happen . Be prepared In May of 2011 , residents of Joplin , Missouri , faced one of the deadliest tornadoes in U.S. history . More than 120 people died and 1,000 more were injured . News reports that followed indicate that some residents may have ignored initial warnings . If you live in an area that 's known for weather emergencies , act as soon as you hear a warning , says Toni McNulty , team lead for animals in disaster with HumanityRoad.org  @Redcrossdog on Twitter .  "  When pets sense urgency , they hide and you lose valuable time trying to find them , " she says . Prepare an emergency plan that includes your pets . Keep food , health records , leashes , collars and crates ready at a moment 's notice , along with emergency contacts . When disaster strikes , you must be your own first responder . 7 . Your pets may outlive you News that designer Alexander McQueen committed suicide shocked the world . In July 2011 , BBC reported that the troubled artist had left $ 82,000 to care for his dogs . It served as a painful reminder that pets require care long after we are gone . Pet owners have several options for legally establishing long-term care , including a contract , will or pet trust . Several states also offer general guidelines for pet trusts . But the first and most important step involves identifying friends or family members who are up for the task of caring for your pets . MNN : How to include pets in your estate plans "  Nobody likes surprises , " says Atlanta attorney Steve Dubner , adding that your top choice is n't required to accept the responsibility . It also helps to create an emergency contact list that includes friends or neighbors who can quickly reach your pets . Carry a copy in your wallet or purse , just in case . 8 . You 're never too old to learn a few new tricks Pet adoptions tend to spike during the holiday season . If you have a furry new addition to your home , start things off on the right foot with obedience training , regardless of the pet 's age . "  Everyone needs to be working with the dog , " says Kate Jackson of Jabula Dog Academy in Decatur , Georgia , who encourages the entire family to participate in training efforts . "  At home , the dog will only respond to who puts work into it . " Ask your vet to recommend obedience classes in your area or seek referrals for a reputable trainer . Starting early is the key to a long and happy relationship with your pet . MNN : Hiker and dog rescued from L.A. cliffside 9 . Seize the day , every day ! For my Lulu , a simple tennis ball leads to hours of unspeakable joy . Too bad we all ca n't be that happy-go-lucky . Bookmark this link to the Happiest dogs on YouTube and watch it any time you need a mental lift . Then grab a tennis ball and seize a few minutes of playtime with your pet . Sure , the emails and to-do list will still be there . But they may just be a little more tolerable once you 've rolled around on the floor with reckless abandon . 10 . An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure The American Pet Products Manufacturing Association estimated that pet owners spent more than $ 14 billion on veterinary care in 2011 . A large portion of that bill goes toward treating preventable issues such as arthritis , diabetes and heart disease . To reduce the chance of unnecessary illness or injury , it pays to keep your pet mentally and physically stimulated . Dr. Arhonda Johnson , owner of The Ark Animal Hospital in Atlanta , offers this pearl of wisdom for a healthy 2012 : "  The best way to keep pets out of the veterinary clinic is proper nutrition and exercise , just like with people . Feed them good , nutritious food and walk them regularly . " © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Pets can teach us so many things , but only if we pay attention , the author says The earthquake in Japan taught us that a dog 's loyalty has no match Pet stories in the news proved that prevention is the best medicine when it comes to pet health
WICHITA , Kansas  CNN  -- On a beautiful , crisp late fall afternoon , rock icon Neil Young took his 1959 Lincoln Continental for one last spin before a team of mechanics ripped out its gas-guzzling engine to make way for an electric motor . Neil Young watches as mechanics remove the engine from his 1959 Lincoln Continental . Car buffs may think it 's sacrilege to tear apart an automotive classic , but Young wants it to have a new life as a fuel-efficient hybrid . "  If we 're going to make a difference , truly make cars more environmentally friendly , " Young said , "  we have to make that emotional connection . " Young said everyone has a connection with an old car like the Lincoln . It only took about an hour for Johnathan Goodwin and his four-man team to pry the engine out of Young 's Lincoln . He 'll have the new engine installed in 45 days . Watch Goodwin show off a biodesel hotrod " Talking about the old motor , Goodwin says , "  Of course , it 's not fuel efficient at all . It 's a big polluter , one of the biggest rawest forms . " The Lincoln 's new electric engine will power the car and when it begins to lose juice , Young will simply flip a switch and the car will run on biodiesel fuel until the electric motor is recharged . "  A 19-foot-long car , the longest car ever made at its time . Two and half tons , the heaviest car at its time , " Young said , "  And it can get 100 miles to the gallon , not 10 miles to the gallon . " Young renamed his car Linc-Volt , and is making a movie about the transformation , which he hopes to release next year . Goodwin is making a name for himself -- and his company , H-Line Conversions -- by turning gas-guzzling behemoths like Hummers , Cadillac Escalades , Jeeps and other big American cars into clean-power machines . The first thing he does is remove the old inefficient engine -- even if it 's a brand new vehicle -- and replace it with a diesel engine that can run on biodiesel . "  It 's the transformation of what I call old technology to new technology , " Goodwin says . Here 's his analogy : Remember 15 or so years ago when a cellular phone was the size of a brick . Now it 's a lot smaller , because the industry underwent a ton of changes over the years . The same kinds of advances are made in engines . But since it 's so expensive , changes to cars are made in leaps , not tiny steps . What 's the drawback of his method ? You guessed it . Cost . "  It 's not cost-effective for someone to run out and spend $ 40,000 to double the fuel economy , but I have no shortage of customers , " Goodwin says . Including California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who 's having his Wagoneer converted to biodiesel . Goodwin , 37 , drives a 1987 gas burning Wagoneer , rents his home and will sheepishly tell you he did n't graduate from high school . Expect to hear a lot more about Goodwin in the future . Companies are knocking down the door to work on projects with him . Goodwin 's developing a download that can be installed in a car 's computer and improve the mileage by five to seven mpg without losing performance . He expects it to cost about $ 200 . Ask Goodwin what his favorite project is , and he answers , "  the next one " but the Linc-Volt project has been special . "  We 're going to prove you can have your cake and eat it too so to speak , " Goodwin proudly boasts . E-mail to a friend	Small Kansas company turning gas-guzzlers into biodiesel hybrids Cars get much better gas mileage without sacrificing power Celebrity customers include Neil Young , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger Conversions are expensive , but company is working on cheaper fixes
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- All agree that scores angry at Egypt 's military-backed government and the ouster of President Mohamed Morsy died in late-night clashes in the volatile nation 's capital . But they are of opposite minds as to who began firing first and who is to blame . Dr. Mohammed Ali Sultan , chairman of Egypt 's ambulance services , told CNN that 72 had been killed in Nasr City , an area of Cairo the Muslim Brotherhood has made its base after the group 's former leader was forced from power and ordered jailed . Medics in a Brotherhood field hospital there earlier Saturday had put the death toll at 66 , with another 61 on life support and thousands more wounded . How did they end up in such straits ? Ask the Muslim Brotherhood -- the Islamist group that was sidelined under longtime Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak only to become the country 's dominant political force after his forced exit in 2011 -- and its members will say police fired live ammunition on protesters Friday and Saturday . A wounded protester getting medical treatment at a field hospital said he saw men in plainclothes fire on pro-Morsy demonstrators with shotguns . He referred to them as "  thugs , " a term commonly used for young men who support the government and resort to violence . "  Police forces were standing behind them . Also , military forces were outside blocking three entrances to Rabaa Adawiya neighborhood , " the protester said , adding he had also seen corpses with gunshot wounds at the hospital . Yet the prosecutor general 's office , according to a report early Sunday on state-run Nile TV , concluded that protesters not only initiated the clashes but also fired live bullets on security forces . A police spokesman likewise rejected any allegations police opened fire , saying they only used tear gas canisters and were not responsible for the deaths . Interior Minister Mohamed Ibrahim offered a similar view during a televised news conference . The protesters were at fault for starting violence that wounded 14 police , none of whom fired back , he said . "  I want to emphasize here that the Interior Ministry police force has never and will never fire its weapons at any Egyptian citizen , " Ibrahim said . Fresh clashes erupted early Sunday in Helwan south of Cairo between residents there and pro-Morsy protesters , reported state TV , citing witnesses . Meanwhile , an attorney has filed a lawsuit at a district court in Cairo , asking that the military overthrow of Morsy be overturned . Tarek Al Kashef is basing his challenge on the country 's constitution , specifically sections that stipulate that a presidential term is four years and that the president is the commander in chief of the armed forces . A hearing is slated for October 8 . Large , rival rallies in Egypt after judge orders deposed president jailed Morsy may join Mubarak -- in prison Morsy has not been seen publicly since the military forced him from office July 3 . The military has not commented on his whereabouts , though a Brotherhood spokesman told CNN he was initially under house arrest at the presidential Republican Guard headquarters in Cairo and later was moved to the Defense Ministry . Nasser Amin -- a lawyer who met with Morsy 's former chief of staff , Refa'a al-Tahtawi , who also is being detained -- told CNN that the former president is being "  treated with the utmost respect ... like a statesman . " Yet Amin said that Morsy and others who are being held "  ca n't contact the outside world or lawyers . " The former Muslim Brotherhood leader became Egypt 's first democratically president in June 2012 but found himself at odds with the opposition before the military removed him from power and detained him this month . State media reported he 's being held in relation to a jailbreak that took place during Egypt 's 2011 revolution but well before he came to power . Prosecutors , who ordered a probe two weeks ago , said the escape of Morsy and 18 other Brotherhood members  among others  was plotted by "  foreign elements " including Hamas , its military wing , the Islamic Palestinian Army and Hezbollah . The Muslim Brotherhood was named as a domestic group that cooperated with those who broke them out of prison . Morsy -- who local media reports say was in prison for a single day without any formal charges against him -- is accused of escaping , destroying the prison 's official records and intentionally killing and abducting police officers and prisoners . Now he could be headed back not just to prison , but the same one where Mubarak , the ousted dictator he and his allies have long railed against , is being held . Ibrahim said Saturday that such a move will probably happen , though an investigative judge will make the final decision on Morsy 's next destination . U.S. opts not to define Egypt ouster as a coup Government awaits legal OK ` to end the protests ' Neither side gave any hint of backing down -- not just on who 's to blame for the latest violence but on the bigger question of whether Morsy should have been deposed and , more recently , ordered jailed over his alleged actions well before he rose to power . Since Morsy 's ouster , supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood and its political arm , the Freedom and Justice Party , have staged mass rallies and sit-ins across the North African nation . There have been rival rallies as well such as the ones Friday called by military chief Gen. Abdel Fattah al-Sisi to show support for the army 's effort to end what he calls "  terrorism " -- a statement condemned by the Brotherhood as "  inciting violence and hatred . " Mutual trust appears absent as does the prospect of a peaceful resolution anytime soon . Leaders of the pro-Morsy movement refuse to recognize the interim government or cooperate with it . The interior minister , meanwhile , had pledged that these rallies will be brought to an end soon . "  We have complete coordination between the police and the armed forces to end the protests at the proper time , " Ibrahim said . " ... But we are waiting for the prosecutor 's office to issue orders so can we have the legal cover for it . " Opinion : Why the Muslim Brotherhood ca n't back down Officials worldwide express concern Egypt has been on edge since the military forced out Mubarak in early 2011 . Yet the situation has clearly gotten more dire in recent weeks . The European Union 's foreign minister condemned the killings of pro-Morsy protesters in Nasr City as well as bellicose language by some Egyptian officials . "  There is no room for hate-speech and other forms of incitement , " according to a statement released by Catherine Ashton 's office . U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel spoke Saturday with al-Sisi , his Egyptian counterpart , to encourage restraint , said Pentagon spokesman George Little . And U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry talked Saturday with Egypt 's interim vice president and its foreign minister to express Washington 's deep concern about the bloodshed . "  This is a pivotal moment for Egypt , " Kerry said in a statement . "  Over two years ago , the revolution began . Its final verdict is not decided , but it will be forever impacted by what happens now . " Morsy a victim of Egypt 's revolution of the mind CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Cairo , and Greg Botelho and Hamdi Alkhshali reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Chelsea J. Carter , Ben Brumfield , Ali Younes and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	NEW : Residents , Mohamed Morsy backers clash in Helwan , south of Cairo , state TV says Neither the government or Morsy supporters give any indication of backing down An official says 72 pro-Morsy protesters in Nasr City are killed Government officials say police did n't open fire ; the opposition says authorities did
CNN  -- Xi Jinping , the vice president of the People 's Republic of China and presumptive next president , will visit Washington this week . Just a few months before taking over the top post in Beijing , Xi will probably be cautious about what he says and does , and stick to the script and avoid inquisitive questions . However , President Barack Obama should start candid conversations with China 's leader-in-waiting about the pressing issues that define U.S.-China relations -- the most important and complex bilateral relationship in the world . For some time now , that relationship has been tense . Beijing apprehensively watches the growing American military presence in its neighborhood and the regional realignment driven by fears of a rising China . Chinese leaders are still haunted by U.S. ideals of democracy that had inspired political dissent in the past . Likewise , Washington is weary about China 's ambitions and intentions . China 's expansion of its naval force and recent veto of the U.N. Security Council resolution on Syria have been interpreted by many inside the Beltway as signs of new assertiveness or even direct challenge . Some speculate that a serious rivalry between the two countries could soon develop . There are many things that Obama can discuss with Xi . Is China really interested in driving the U.S out of the South China Sea ? Will China help the West denuclearize Iran and North Korea ? When will China fully honor its obligations to the World Trade Organization ? And how can China and the U.S. work together against terrorism , cybercrime , or human rights violations ? Our love-hate relationship with China But no one expects all these issues to be sorted out in such a meeting . Perhaps most importantly , Obama and Xi should try to get to know each other on a personal level . Since no one knows what Xi really has in mind for China and its future , a productive meeting is one in which the two can start building trust and a good working relationship . To gain some insight on Xi , it 's useful to look at his past . Born into privilege , Xi nevertheless spent several years in one of the poorer villages in China when his father , a top government official , was purged and then jailed during the Cultural Revolution . After his father was rehabilitated , Xi quickly climbed the political ladder in the Communist Party . Life 's extremes have not made Xi noticeably radical or timid but apparently more prudent and reticent . He has had career shortcuts but worked hard to stuff his rÃ © sumÃ © in order to play the game of a semiobjective meritocracy , as have many ambitious Chinese of his age . His bona fide membership in China 's "  Red Nobility " makes him a princeling , which bestows on him the deep trust of the ruling elders in the Communist Party . In a nonhereditary autocracy , such a trust is paramount . To those in power who desire to preserve the current political system and dread a possible Chinese Gorbachev , the 58-year-old Xi is considered a natural successor to President Hu Jintao when Hu 's second term ends this fall . Indeed , several hundred senior officials secretly endorsed Xi as their top choice back in 2007 . Consequently , unlike his two predecessors -- who were handpicked by one man , the late Deng Xiaoping -- Xi is poised to bring more legitimacy and confidence to his office . His peaceful and orderly transition to the presidency this fall will signal a new page in the history of his country . Xi will be facing a fast-changing world and a faster-changing China . After 30 years of breathtaking development , today 's China is greatly diversified and decentralized . Relying on authoritarian state control for order is becoming more difficult and costly , as social tensions and economic inequality increase . Xi will preside over the world 's second-largest economy at a time when the overheated Chinese economy is long overdue for a correction or hard landing , which could happen as early as 2013 . While China is secure and prosperous , its government still struggles with a perpetual mentality of being under siege . Defending the status quo will be a great challenge . Many incongruities make Xi intriguing . He has openly reiterated complaints about the U.S. and its allies , yet like so many of China 's rich and powerful , he sends his only daughter to study at Harvard . Smart and low-key , Xi rarely steps out of the party line , and yet he spoke his mind in Mexico City not long ago to bash foreigners who are "  pointing their fingers " at Beijing 's human right record , saying they are bored and have nothing better to do . The world will be watching Xi closely to see how he will govern China and navigate U.S.-China relations . Over a quarter century ago , Xi visited America as a young cadre managing agriculture for an obscure county . This time , as the next leader of a great country , he may remember fondly how ordinary Americans received Chinese visitors with open arms back then and how much the two countries have gone through together ever since . Let 's hope that he will open up to America on what he envisions as a mutually beneficial partnership between the two countries in the coming years . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fei-Ling Wang .	Xi Jinping , China 's next leader , will visit Washington this week Fei-Ling Wang : President Obama should try to build trust with Xi Wang : U.S.-China relations have been tense , serious rivalry could develop soon He says Xi is hard to read , but hopes that Xi will be open about his plans
CNN  -- A Texas Rangers fan who fell over a railing while trying to catch a ball will have a place at Rangers Ballpark next season after the team erects a statue in his memory . Shannon Stone , a 39-year-old firefighter from Brownwood , Texas , fell to his death July 7 . His 6-year-old son Cooper witnessed the accident . "  The statue , which is tentatively to be named Rangers Fans , is expected to be in place for the 2012 season , " the Texas Rangers announced in a statement Monday . It will depict Stone and his son attending a Rangers game . "  The full-size bronze statue is likely to be located outside the home plate gate of Rangers Ballpark in Arlington , " the Rangers said . The tragedy took place in the second inning of the ill-fated game . Star outfielder Josh Hamilton tossed a souvenir ball into the stands after a batter hit a foul ball . Stone stuck out his glove and reached for the ball , but lost his balance and flipped over the railing of the outfield seats . He fell about 20 feet and crashed head-first into an area near a scoreboard . Stone died of blunt-force trauma , according to the Tarrant County medical examiner . Rangers President Nolan Ryan , a Hall of Fame pitcher , has said the club would review the height of railings at the stadium , even though they already exceeded the city 's code limits . The team has set up an account accepting donations in Stone 's honor with the Texas Rangers Baseball Foundation . Donated money has been earmarked to help the Stone family . The Rangers have donated an undisclosed sum , according to the team 's website . Stone 's widow , Jenny , said she appreciates Ryan and the Rangers during the family 's time of loss . "  Shannon and Cooper had a special relationship , and we are touched and grateful that it will be memorialized at one of their favorite places , " she said in the statement . "  Our hope is that this statue will not be a symbol of our family tragedy but rather a reminder of the importance of a family 's love -- love of each other , love of spending time together , and love of the game . " CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	Shannon Stone and his son will be depicted in a bronze statue , the Rangers say Stone , 39 , died in July after falling over a railing at Rangers Ballpark He was trying to catch a ball tossed into the stands
CNN  -- Indonesia 's president on Wednesday announced a two-year moratorium on new concessions to convert virgin forests and peat lands into plantations , part of an internationally backed strategy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from deforestation . The announcement by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono came on the eve of an international conference in Oslo , Norway , on climate change and deforestation . Indonesia is one of the world 's largest emitters of greenhouse gases because of rampant clearing and burning of its forests and peat lands for logging and conversion into palm oil plantations . The country has long been a target of harsh criticisms from environmental groups who have accused the government of failing to enforce its own laws . Yudhoyono said Indonesia would "  conduct a moratorium for two years where we stop the conversion of peat land and of forest . " He was joined by Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg , who said Norway would provide $ 1 billion to Indonesia to help with the effort to reduce deforestation . "  Indonesia is a key country in terms of reducing deforestation . Therefore this agreement and Indonesia 's commitment is a great step forward in achieving large-scale reductions in greenhouse gas emissions , " Stoltenberg said . Yudhoyono said the halt on new concessions would start in 2010 as part of a broader strategy to reduce the nation 's greenhouse gas emissions by at least 26 percent by 2020 . Deforestation accounts for almost a fifth of total greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change . The Indonesia-Norway partnership to cut emissions is part of a broader international strategy called Reduced Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation , or REDD , that would make stored carbon dioxide in tropical forests a commodity that can be bought and sold on the global market .	Indonesia announces two-year moratorium on converting forests and peat lands into plantations Norway pledges $ 1 billion to support Indonesian deforestation effort Announcement comes on eve of climate change and deforestation conference in Oslo , Norway Indonesia is one of the world 's biggest emitters of greenhouse gases due to deforestation
Moscow  CNN  -- Russia criticized the United States on Friday for handing down a 25-year sentence to Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout , saying the verdict against him was "  baseless and biased . " Bout , who denies wrongdoing , was sentenced Thursday to 25 years behind bars by a federal judge in New York . Bout , who was dubbed "  the merchant of death " by his accusers , was convicted last year on four counts of conspiracy to kill Americans , acquire and export anti-aircraft missiles and provide material support to a terrorist organization . Russia 's foreign ministry accused the United States of acting illegally when its agents arrested Bout in Thailand and of pursuing a political agenda after he was extradited to the United States to face trial . In a statement , Russia accused the United States of seeking a forced confession by "  creating intolerable conditions of detention , physical and psychological impact . " In addition , the Russian foreign ministry said , U.S. authorities also encouraged a media campaign against Bout , which was bound to influence the jury . The foreign ministry will do everything it can to bring Bout back to Russia , its statement said . Bout had faced the possibility of life in prison at his sentencing hearing in Manhattan . "  Viktor Bout has been international arms trafficking enemy number one for many years , arming some of the most violent conflicts around the globe , " said Preet Bharara , the U.S. attorney in Manhattan . "  He was finally brought to justice in an American court for agreeing to provide a staggering number of military-grade weapons to an avowed terrorist organization committed to killing Americans . " At the trial , the prosecution said that during a 2008 sting operation by U.S. drug enforcement agents in Thailand , Bout believed he was selling weapons to Colombian guerrillas . Bout continued to declare his innocence Thursday . "  I am not guilty , " he said through a translator . "  I never intended to kill anyone . I never intended to sell any arms to anyone . God knows this is the truth . " Bout 's wife , Alla , said after the hearing that her husband "  said few words " in reaction to the sentence . He and his lawyer did not regard the case as lawful , she did . His lawyer , Albert Dayan , filed a letter last week asking Judge Shira A. Scheindlin , who presided over the trial and who set Bout 's sentence , to set aside the guilty verdict . Dayan urged the judge not to "  become an unwilling party " in what he called a "  wrongful prosecution " for "  purely political reasons . " He argued that the conviction is a "  product of malice " and that Bout has been an "  object of private politics " coming from Washington . The lawyer claimed that Bout was picked out by the United States government and lured into a crime manufactured by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , in which the agency played "  the role of judge , jury and executioner . " In his claim , Dayan insisted that Bout did not intend to sell any arms to the agents , that he had not sold any arms for several years and that the only thing he wanted to sell were two cargo airplanes , worth $ 5 million . Dayan stood by the claim that DEA officers baited his client into illegal activities . "  I do not profess , I do not argue that he 's an angel , but he is innocent of these charges , " Dayan wrote . "  I felt it was my duty to speak out and let the world know . " According to a federal indictment , Bout was suspected of creating front companies that used his planes to deliver food and medical supplies , as well as arms . After a sting operation in 2008 , he was arrested in Thailand and in 2010 was extradited to the United States following a protracted court proceeding . He was convicted in November after a three-week trial in New York . Before his arrest , the DEA had struggled to draw Bout out of his Russian homeland , which is long thought to have sheltered and defended him . Undercover agents met with Bout 's associates the world over , from Curacao to Copenhagen , in an attempt to set up a meeting with their target , according to the indictment . The Russian businessman also has been accused of assembling a fleet of cargo planes to traffic military-grade weapons to conflict zones around the world since the 1990s . Allegations of trafficking activities in Liberia prompted U.S. authorities to freeze his American assets in 2004 and prohibited U.S. transactions with him , according to the indictment . Bout has maintained that he operated legitimate businesses and had acted as a mere logistics provider . His exact age is unclear , but he is believed to be in his late 40s or 50s , with his age in dispute because of different passports and documents . The U.S. attorney 's office said it had no confirmed age . Critics have accused Bout of providing arms to rebels in several countries and fueling bloody conflicts in places such as Liberia and Sierra Leone . In 2000 , then-British Foreign Office official Peter Hain branded him "  Africa 's chief merchant of death " at a time when Bout is believed to have supplied arms to officials in Sierra Leone , a former British colony then embroiled in civil war . CNN 's Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report .	Russia 's foreign ministry says the verdict against Viktor Bout is "  baseless and biased " Bout was sentenced to 25 years in prison by a New York court He was convicted last year on four counts stemming from weapons deals Moscow will do all it can to bring about Bout 's return to Russia , the foreign ministry says
CNN  Fandom is a tricky thing . People are willing to do some unusual and sometimes dangerous things because of their devotion for a team , player or entertainer . Music fans often reach the height of fandom as they crush themselves to the front of the stage in an effort to get as close to the performers as possible . Entertainment photographer Gabriel Quintao has been capturing the faces in the crowd for a few years now and likens their devotion to a battle scene . "  The idea of the essay is to drive the audience into a war environment , " Quintao said about his "  Front Row " project . "  The shades of gray with a lot of contrast associated with the dramatic faces and the desperate acts of the crowd gave me the drama I wanted . " Indeed , the images he captures depict the agony and frustration someone might feel in conflict . But amid the pain , there is also joy and excitement as music lovers get a taste of something most people at a concert do not . Quintao 's photographs from the Rock in Rio festival in Rio de Janeiro are up-close , personal and intimate . The festival is one of the largest music concerts in the world and has brought together some of the most popular acts of their time : Queen , Prince , Elton John , Katy Perry and , more recently , Beyonce , Bruce Springsteen and Metallica . It draws hundreds of thousands of fans from all over the world to see and hear their favorite acts . But for some people , it is the chance to show the performers how they feel about them . "  I realized that people who stay at the first row in these situations do n't want just to listen to the music better or to see their idol closer , " Quintao said . "  They want to prove love to the person on the stage and to prove to themselves that they 're brave . " The 30-year-old photographer , from Sao Paulo , Brazil , said the crowds who press forward during the music festival is mostly younger and male . However , there is a woman he thinks is in her 60s who is ever-present at many of the venues and somehow makes her way to the first row . From Quintao 's photos , it might appear that the action on the stage is secondary to the rush in the crowd . Quintao trains his camera on what he believes is the most unpredictable places to get the most emotional images at the events . "  Sometimes the artist behind the microphone just does n't move , the light does n't change and a few pictures already present what the gig was , " he said . "  But the front row is always unpredictable ; it changes every time . People reaching their physical limit just to be as close as possible to their idol is much more interesting than the planned and controlled situation happening on the stage . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . The subjects of his lens have described themselves as proud to go through such pain for their musical adulation , and they proclaim "  the front row is only for the real ones " on the Facebook page of his projects . "  People who face this situation until the end of the concert go home feeling they 've received an honor medal for being strong , " Quintao said . "  Who wants to see the concert comfortably from an empty space ? " While he 's never seen a serious injury from his position in the pit , the space between the stage and the crowd , Quintao hopes his photos do justice to the level of emotions portrayed in the name of fandom . He thinks the people in the front row believe they answer to a higher calling . "  The aim of this work is to show the power of fanaticism , " he said . "  I wanted to show how a rock concert can be similar to a religion cult , where sometimes people submit themselves to suffering just to prove their love to their idol . " Gabriel Quintao is a Brazilian photographer based in Sao Paulo . You can follow his work on Facebook .	Photographer Gabriel Quintao captures the excitement at the front row of a music concert He has been taking photos at the Rock in Rio festival for years in Rio de Janeiro "  The front row is always unpredictable ; it changes every time , " he said
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The closure of a mountain highway pass in the heart of the nation 's second-largest city -- an event anticipated to be so calamitous to car-loving Southern California that it 's been dubbed "  Carmageddon " -- hit the area Friday night . Crews began closing ramps late Friday on Interstate 405 , where it passes over the Santa Monica Mountains , California Department of Transportation officials said . At about 10 p.m. Pacific , crews began closing lanes , and by midnight , the 405 was expected to be eerily vacant -- a "  carpocalypse , " some say . It is expected to remain that way for about 53 hours . The moment "  Carmageddon " began . Rendered desolate will be a 10-mile stretch of all five northbound lanes and a four-mile stretch of all five southbound lanes , officials said . The 405 is usually one of the busiest freeways in the country , carrying about 500,000 cars a day through the Sepulveda Pass , a critical artery connecting Southern Californians to destinations up the coast . The 405 achieved notoriety on national television as the corridor that former NFL player O.J. Simpson used as he was being slowly chased by police in 1994 . The highway also cuts through the west side of Los Angeles , an area that includes the high-status communities of Bel Air , Brentwood , Beverly Hills and Santa Monica . Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said officials carried out "  an unprecedented " public awareness campaign urging motorists to stay off the road or use public transportation . "  It does n't have to be ` Carmageddon . ' That 's why we have done so much outreach to the public , " the mayor said Friday . The weekend construction project should be completed by 5 a.m. Monday , to accommodate the morning rush hour , officials said . The $ 1.2 billion construction project calls for replacing a portion of a bridge at Mulholland Drive , a mountain summit road that is featured in many Hollywood films , authorities said . A year from now , crews will have to shut down the 405 again to replace a final portion of the Mulholland Drive bridge , officials said . The project also calls for adding a car-pool lane in each direction , creating "  the largest HOV system in the world " at 48.6 miles in length between the San Fernando Valley and Orange County , said Mike Miles , the California Department of Transportation 's director for Los Angeles and Ventura Counties . The two-year project will replace two more bridges , also to accommodate the widening of the 405 , and will improve about two dozen on-off ramps and add 18 miles of sound-deadening walls for nearby residents , Miles said . "  This is a big project that is much needed , and it will be a great benefit to the public , " Miles said . Whether it has been overdramatized by locals in the nation 's entertainment capital , the project has brought countdown clocks , traffic apps , detour maps and warnings to stay away or enjoy the weekend on the couch . Amtrak and JetBlue are offering specials to get away from it all . "  Severe traffic conditions are anticipated in local and regional areas during the weekend of the full freeway closure , " Metro warns on its website . The four-mile southbound section will be closed between U.S. 101 and Getty Center Drive ramps . The 10-mile northbound section will be closed between U.S. 101 and Interstate 10 . Los Angeles International Airport is urging travelers to get there by public transit , especially rail , or to stay at nearby hotels for early morning flights . The Los Angeles Fire Department is adding 200 firefighters so it can quickly respond to 911 calls in the areas affected by the closure , CNN L.A. affiliate KABC reported . Of course , it may not be all bad . Villaraigosa 's Facebook page links to "  405 Things to Do , " brought to you by the Los Angeles Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  The 405 closure is the perfect opportunity to discover ... and rediscover ... the great activities , restaurants , shops and sites close to home in the many unique neighborhoods of Los Angeles County , " the page touts . "  Over the next few days leading up to the 405 closure , we will be adding 50 suggestions per day . " JetBlue is offering $ 4 fares each way from Burbank to Long Beach on Saturday and Sunday . Amtrak California offers coach passengers a 50 % discount on trains traveling between Los Angeles Union Station and Burbank Bob Hope Airport . There is an app , or several , for "  Carmageddon . " KABC has partnered with Waze to help navigate the traffic . "  The app provides free turn-by-turn GPS navigation based on the live conditions of the road , " the station said . Celebrities are even tweeting -- cheekily -- about this weekend 's affront to the Los Angeles driving experience . Twitter titan and actor Ashton Kutcher has gotten into the act : "  LAPD askd me 2tweet : 405fwy btwn 10 & 101 will b closed July16-17 . In xchange I would like a free pass on that stoplight tickt IT WAS YELLOW . " When shown a copy of the tweet while he was being interviewed on CNN , the mayor laughed about the request to fix the ticket . "  No , thank you , Ashton , " Villaraigosa said . For those venturing out , it 's all about the proper attitude . The Automobile Club of Southern California , while urging motorists to stay away from the construction zone , has provided tips for those driving Southern California roadways this weekend . It suggested leaving home early , listening to calming music and news updates , or stopping at a restaurant or park for a break , if necessary . "  Avoid directing anger at other drivers , even if they are discourteous or distracted , " AAA said . "  Concentrate on your own driving . " CNN 's Zohreen Adamjee contributed to this report .	NEW : Ashton Kutcher tweets about Carmageddon in exchange for traffic ticket fix , he says Interstate 405 in Los Angeles carries about 500,000 cars a day It 's one of two major mountain highway passes in the heart of the nation 's second-largest city The freeway 's weekend closure is expected to disrupt travel in car-loving Los Angeles
CNN  British law enforcement officers have arrested a 23-year-old man suspected of hacking the U.S. Department of Defense and swiping data from a satellite-based system used by the military to communicate with people worldwide , UK authorities said Friday . This arrest was one of 56 made this week in 20 separate operations conducted by regional organized crime units , Metropolitan Police officers and others . The others caught range from a family of suspected fraudsters and a 16-year-old believed to be behind hundreds of cyberattacks , according to Britain 's National Crime Agency . Yet the arrest that the agency highlighted most was the one that targeted the world 's most powerful last June 15 . On that date , someone hacked into the U.S. Department of Defense 's servers and got data related to its "  Enhanced Mobile Satellite Services " system . This included contact information -- including their names , emails and phone numbers -- of about 800 people and info on approximately 34,400 devices , the National Crime Agency reports . None of the hacked material was considered confidential , nor did it apparently include "  sensitive data " or anything that "  compromises U.S. national security interests , " the British agency said . Still , the person responsible for the hack cryptically played it up big in a post to Pastebin , a website that allows for anonymous posts . Alongside screenshots of the dashboard used to control the Defense Department database , the hacker wrote , "  We smite the Lizards , LizardSquad your time is near " in apparent reference to a notorious band of black-hat hackers . "  We 're in your bases , we control your satellites , " the hacker adds . "  The missiles shall rein  sic  upon they who claim alliance , watch your heads ... We 're one , we 're many , we lurk in the dark , we 're everywhere and anywhere . " The 23-year-old suspected hacker was not identified by name , with the UK National Crime Agency saying only that he was arrested Wednesday morning in Sutton Coldfield , a Birmingham suburb in the West Midlands region . The U.S. military has been targeted by hackers before . Some of those actions have been blamed on ISIS sympathizers , like the January temporary takeover of the U.S. Central Command 's Twitter account and YouTube page . And last year , U.S. federal officials accused four men of hacking into computer networks of the U.S. military and Microsoft and stealing more than $ 100 million worth of software , some it related to the video game "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 . " There 's no indication that the June hack had anything to do with ISIS or involved the theft of anything of much monetary value . Still , hacks from groups such as Lizard Squad and Anonymous can have a significant impact . Jeffrey Thorpe , special agent in charge with the U.S. Department of Defense Criminal Investigative Service  DCIS  , said in the UK government statement that "  this arrest underscores DCIS commitment and the joint ongoing efforts among international law enforcement to stop cyber criminals in their tracks . " "  DCIS special agents will use every tool at their disposal to pursue and bring to justice those who attack the Department of Defense , " Thorpe said . CNN 's Ed Payne and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	The 23-year-old man was one of dozens arrested in similar operations around Britain After the hack , he allegedly wrote online , "  We 're in your bases , we control your satellites " No sensitive or confidential data was compromised in the hack , a British agency says
CNN  -- The United States finally claimed a gold medal in figure skating ice dance as Meryl Davis and Charlie White produced a stunning world record display in Sochi on the tenth day of action . Having taken team bronze on day two of the Games , and a silver in Vancouver four years ago , Davis and White saved the best for last as they completed their Olympic medal set . The two-time world champions scored 116.63 points for their free skate , to Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov 's ` Scheherazade ' , which created an overall total of 195.52 when added to their record display in the short dance on Sunday . "  We 're so excited we 're kind of in shock a little . I 'm not sure what we 're feeling . We 're kind of in disbelief , " Davis , 27 , told reporters afterwards . "  I 've never skated and visualized the performance at the same time and tonight that 's kind of how it felt . It felt great . " The U.S. had won 14 figure skating gold medals before , all of which came in either the men 's or women 's singles . "  17 years of hard work was justified , " said White , 26 , referring to the fact that he first started skating with Davis as a child . "  To come away with a gold medal is amazing . " "  We were well prepared by our coach Marina  Zueva  in coming here and doing our job . I felt like we had done everything we could from the beginning of this competition -- in practice , team event , this event . " Rather unusually , the American duo have the same coach -- Russian-born Zueva -- as the Canadian couple who took silver : 2010 Olympic champions Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir . The quartet even train together in Detroit . "  That was our best performance of the year for that program , " said Moir . "  We do n't know what our plans are for the future from an amateur standpoint . We know we 're doing ` Stars on Ice ' in the spring ! " To the delight of an enraptured home crowd , Russia 's Elena Ilinykh and Nikita Katsalapov -- who had already won gold in the team event at Sochi -- won bronze at the Iceberg Skating Palace . MYTH BUSTERS Yet the host nation was not to be denied in the bobsleigh as Alexander Zubkov and Sochi-born Alexey Voeveda took a historic gold , Russia 's first at the Olympics . Having regularly trained in Sochi , the pair set a track record of 56.08 in their third run -- and Zubkov was delighted to have also beaten a different kind of record . For the pilot disproved local belief that whoever carries the flag in the opening ceremony does not win a medal . "  Now you see it 's just superstition , " said the Russian team 's flag bearer from ten days ago . Poland took silver in the race , while Steven Holcomb and Steven Langton became the first pair from the U.S. to win a medal in the two-man competition since 1952 . "  When we do well in two-man , we typically do well in four-man , " said Holcomb , who took gold in the four-man four years ago . "  We build momentum . " The medals for the four-man bobsleigh will be decided on Sunday , ahead of the closing ceremony later that night . Meanwhile , Jamaican duo Winston Watts and Marvin Dixon failed to make it into the top 20 of the two-man event and went out after the third run . DOUBLE DELIGHT FOR BELARUS In many ways , the day belonged to Belarus -- a country of less than 10 million inhabitants that is lying seventh on the medals table , albeit with the same number of golds  five  as second-placed Russia . Three of these have gone to the woman who is now the most successful Olympian in Belarus ' history , with Darya Domracheva having also won a bronze in Vancouver 2010 . Having triumphed in the 10 km pursuit and the 15 km individual , Domracheva blitzed the field in the women 's 12.5 km mass start as well -- spending over half the race skiing alone after opening up a healthy lead by the second lap . She finished 20 seconds ahead of Czech Republic 's Gabriela Soukalova , with Tiril Eckhoff of Norway taking bronze . "  It 's amazing to be here because I dreamed about it , to be an Olympic champion , from my childhood . But to get three - dreams do come true , " said the 27-year-old Domracheva . "  Russian family , Belarussian family . All these nations , Russians , Belarussians , we are like brothers and sisters . For me , I feel this country is really native for me . " Soukalova , meanwhile , emulated the feats of her mother , who won a silver medal in cross country at the 1984 Olympics in Sarajevo . "  It is one of the best moments of my life , " the 24-year-old told reporters . "  It 's a really big pleasure to win silver here . I hope my mum is happy that I am as successful as her . " There was a double celebration for Belarus as Anton Kushnir ensured that his nation took gold in both the men 's and women 's freestyle skiing , after compatriot Alla Tsuper 's triumph on Friday . Belarus has a proud record in aerials , having won a medal in the men 's competition five times in a row while their total tally of three golds is superior to any other nation . Their twin success in Sochi is only the second time that one nation has won both the men 's and women 's events , with the U.S. previously achieving the feat in 1998 . Kushnir 's jump in the ` super final ' was as supreme in its execution as it was in its ambition and he said he took extra incentive from having his family , including his two-year-old son , watch him in Sochi . "  I am so happy that they came here . It is so great that when I see them I can jump longer and with more power , " he said . "  Five gold medals is so great for us and all of our country . I am so happy . " David Morris took a shock silver as Australia won its first medal in the men 's event , with Zongyang Jia winning bronze for China . TABLE TOPPERS The fifth and final gold medal of the day went to Germany 's ski jumpers in the men 's team event . The Germans managed to end an incredible winning streak in the event , with Austria not only having won gold in the last two Olympics but also failing to lose a team large hill event since 2005 . They had to settle for silver , while Japan finished third . Germany 's success took them to seven golds , two more than their nearest rivals at the top of the medals table . In other action on Monday , the U.S. and Canada beat Sweden and Switzerland respectively to set up their fourth meeting in the final in five Winter Olympics . Originally earmarked for Monday morning , the men 's 15 km mass start biathlon final and snowboard cross qualification were postponed to Tuesday because of thick fog .	Davis and White set a world record as they claim a first U.S. gold in ice dance Russia win bobsleigh gold , as Belarus celebrates double gold Germany 's ski jumpers fly to success in the team event Canada and U.S. to meet in women 's ice hockey final for 4th time in 5 years
CNN  -- Lawyers for a former State Department contract worker accused of leaking national secrets to a Fox News reporter are questioning whether search warrants in the case were properly obtained and may ask a federal judge to throw out evidence seized with the warrants . Also in U.S. District court Tuesday , the judge questioned prosecutors and the defense about the pace of the case against former State Department contractor Stephen Jin-Woo Kim . One search warrant in the case has caused a major national controversy because in an affidavit , an FBI agent stated that Fox News correspondent James Rosen could be an "  aider and abettor and/or a co-conspirator " in a crime . Rosen has not been charged . Based on news reports , the Kim defense began questioning the warrants in the hearing Tuesday . After the hearing , the United States Attorney 's Office for Washington defended the warrants . "  The government has followed all applicable laws , regulations , and Department of Justice policies in this case . The government will respond to any legal motion if and when it is filed by the defense , " the office said in a statement . Prosecutors and the defense also explained to Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly that the process of declassifying information is likely to prolong the 2Â 1/2 - year-old criminal case . Kim 's lead lawyer , Abbe Lowell -- who has represented some of Washington 's most famous defendants including former Sen. John Edwards and former "  super-lobbyist " Jack Abramoff -- also tried to get more information to help his client . Much of the Kim prosecution until now has been shrouded under a veil of national security considerations , but Lowell argued for less secrecy and more openness in the handling of the case . Lowell told Kollar-Kotelly that the intelligence community had imposed so many constraints on the flow of information that Lowell is not even allowed to utter the name of the reporter involved or the news organization because the government considers it classified information . From the beginning , the identities of Rosen and Fox News have been associated publicly with the Kim case . An article Rosen wrote in June 2009 reporting that U.S. officials believed North Korea might test more nuclear weapons is understood to have been the initial news item that launched the investigation . Lowell is seeking to get the government to determine whether hundreds of pages of information that may be relevant to the case will be kept classified or declassified . "  The  intelligence community  holds onto this information like it 's diamonds and gold , " Lowell said . Prosecutors said they were in a difficult position because intelligence officials decide what information can be legally released . Assistant U.S. Attorney Jonathan Malis , the government 's "  leaks prosecutor , " said in court that his team "  does n't have access to the information Lowell is seeking . It 's not our choice . " U.S. prosecutors said it could take months for the intelligence community to sift through all of the information in the case that is potentially in dispute , if it 's required . In cases involving classified information , courts must apply a law called the Classified Information Procedures Act or CIPA , which lays out a painstaking , multipart process allowing intelligence experts a chance to redact certain documents . This process must be completed before sensitive information may be introduced as evidence at trial . Kollar-Kotelly said she was setting a trial date for next spring , but she told the lawyers she would prefer to start the trial in late November .	Lawyers for an ex-State Department contractor accused of leaks question search warrants Abbe Lowell , lawyer for Stephen Kim , may ask judge to reject evidence collected as a result Lowell , prosecutors also explained difficulties of getting declassified information in the case
CNN  -- In a case that drew national attention because it was to be videotaped , convicted murderer Andrew Grant DeYoung was executed by lethal injection Thursday night , a corrections department spokeswoman said . DeYoung was declared dead at 8:04 p.m. at the Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Prison in Jackson , said Joan Heath , the spokeswoman . His last words were : "  I 'm sorry for everyone I 've hurt , " according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution , which was one of the media outlets granted access to the execution . The execution occurred after the state Supreme Court denied DeYoung 's motion to take another look at a lower court judge 's decision Tuesday allowing the state to replace sodium thiopental with pentobarbital as the anesthetizing agent in the execution , the court 's statement said . That lower court judge 's ruling , however , did approve the rare videotaping of the execution at the request of DeYoung 's attorneys , who argued that the substitution of drugs would cause needless pain and suffering . For the first time in Georgia , a videographer was present in the execution chamber to document DeYoung 's death and his reaction to a new three-drug lethal injection that anti-death penalty activists said caused unnecessary pain and suffering , according to reports in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution . On October 13 , 1995 , DeYoung was convicted in Cobb County of fatally stabbing his parents , Kathryn and Gary DeYoung , and his 14-year-old sister , Sarah . His final meal was an institutional one -- chicken and rice , Heath said . DeYoung 's special request for pizza , breadsticks , all-fruit strawberry preserves , Concord grape juice and vanilla ice cream was carried out on Wednesday , Heath said . With Thursday 's execution , Georgia has put to death 51 men since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1973 . DeYoung was the 28th inmate put to death by lethal injection , the state corrections department said . CNN 's Bill Mears and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Andrew Grant DeYoung is executed by lethal injection He was convicted of killing his parents and sister At the defense 's request , a lower court allows for a videotaping of the execution
CNN  -- The Louvre has stood at the heart of Paris for 800 years - in turns , medieval fortress , royal chateau and renaissance palace . Most of the magnificent limestone edifice we see now is 17th , 18th and 19th century . For the last 220 years , it 's been a people 's museum . And with close to 10 million visitors a year , it 's the most visited art museum in the world . Now we want to know what 's your favorite work of art inside the Louvre . Is it one of the many magnificent paintings ? Maybe it 's the small portrait of the mysterious Mona Lisa . Or perhaps it 's a collection of Egyptian figurines . Whatever it is , famous or obscure , small or big , we want to know , as long as it 's an artwork in the public domain . Check out our instavid and tell us in the comment section below or via the hashtag #LouvreFavorite on Twitter , Facebook , Instagram , Google + or Vine and you might be part of a special CNN.com feature .	The Louvre has stood at the heart of Paris for 800 years With close to 10 million visitors a year , it 's the most visited art museum on earth Now we want to know what 's your favorite work of art inside the Louvre
CNN  -- African Union forces in Somalia have successfully pushed the Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab out of the capital Mogadishu , a commander told CNN Thursday . The African Union Mission in Somalia , known as AMISOM , is trying to consolidate power for Somalia 's weak transitional federal government in Mogadishu , where Al-Shabaab had been especially active in its battle against that government . "  We have managed to beat them off , " said Maj. Gen. Fred Mugisha , force commander for AMISOM . The government now has control of nearly 100 % of the capital , he said . "  This is a very big achievement in my own view and the views of everybody else , " he said . Al-Shabaab is linked to al Qaeda and is considered a terrorist group by the United States . In Mogadishu , the group was using conventional military tactics , terrorism and propaganda in its fight against the government . But now , "  they are conventionally defeated " in the capital , Mugisha said . AMISOM is now expanding its forces into areas surrounding the capital , he said . Other forces are fighting Al-Shabaab in Somalia as well . Kenyan forces entered Somalia in October after a rash of kidnappings Kenyan authorities blamed on Al-Shabaab . Kenyan officials say the kidnappings threatened security and constituted an attack on Kenyan sovereignty . Kenyan forces are ultimately seeking to take the Somali port city of Kismayo , described by the United Nations as a key stronghold and source of cash for Al-Shabaab .	African Union forces say they have pushed the terrorist group out of Mogadishu They are expanding operations outside of the capital The mission is to consolidate power for the transitional government
Real Simple  -- Why did women start carrying handbags ? Here , the answer to this and other puzzlers . How Did the Trend for Pointed-Toe Shoes Start ? Long before they ever made an appearance on "  Sex and the City , " pointed shoes were favored by Polish nobles , who introduced the fashion to England on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s . The shoes , dubbed "  crackowes " or "  poulaines " -- after KrakÃ ³ w , Poland -- were so long that a chain running from the toe to the knee was often required to keep them from dragging . In 1363 the English attempted to rein in the look by law , assigning shoe spans to social classes . Commoners could sport footwear with toes of up to six inches , while those in the royal ranks were allowed a full two feet in length . Real Simple : Anti-aging style secrets Who Invented the Sports Bra ? In 1977 University of Vermont student Lisa Lindahl was running 30 miles a week -- and her bra was n't holding up . With the help of two classmates , Lindahl sewed together two jock straps and -- presto ! -- the sports bra was born . The coeds founded the company Jogbra a year later , garnering eternal gratitude from exercise-loving women everywhere . Real Simple : Restyle Your Style Is There a Real Mary Jane Behind Mary Jane Shoes ? Not quite : The most widely held theory is that the single-strapped footwear was named for a character in "  Buster Brown , " a children 's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s . Mary Jane was either Buster Brown 's sweetheart or sister , depending on which source you consult . Real Simple : 10 Style Upgrades Under $ 50 What 's the Connection Between Shakespeare and Raincoats ? Gabardine , a water-repellent fabric invented by Burberry , got its first mention from Shakespeare . The Bard used the word in The Merchant of Venice to refer to a coarse cloak worn as protection from storms . During World War I , British officers on the front lines kept warm and dry in a uniform coat made of the material -- the original Burberry trench . Real Simple : Pretty smart Who Was the First Person Known to Have Pierced Ears ? No one knows who originated the style , but there 's evidence that as early as 2500 B.C. Sumerian women wore pierced earrings -- gold half-moon hoops . Men have been wearing earrings since ancient Egypt , where the jewelry was introduced in 1500 B.C. . What Was the Inspiration for Lilly Pulitzer 's Colorful Printed Dresses ? Bored Palm Beach socialite Lilly Pulitzer opened a juice stand in 1959 to pass the time , but she found one drawback : The citrus concoctions discolored her clothes . She instructed her dressmaker to create a uniform that would camouflage the bright stains , and the "  Lilly " design -- sleeveless cotton shifts in vibrant prints -- was born . The style was an instant hit with customers , who soon began placing more orders for dresses than juice . Real Simple : Dress to flatter your figure How did Pumps , Stilettos , and Sneakers Get Their Names ? The term pump first popped up in 1550 in England , where male servants sported the style . It is said that the noise they made while wearing the loose-fitting shoes resembled the sound of a water pump . The word sneaker entered the language in the 1870s ; the rubber soles made the shoes quiet and therefore "  sneaky . " The modern usage of stiletto , a Renaissance-era Italian word for an assassin 's narrow-bladed knife , made its debut in 1953 . The word turned out to be especially appropriate , because the shoes ' pointy heels were murder on wooden floors . Real Simple : Avoiding Wardrobe Blunders When Did Folks Start Toting Around Umbrellas ? For thousands of years , in such places as Egypt , China , Japan , Mesopotamia , and India , umbrellas were used exclusively to shade the heads of dignitaries from the broiling sun .  When it rained , the well-to-do stayed dry in covered carriages and sedan chairs .  Umbrellas were n't employed in inclement weather until the late 17th and early 18th centuries . And another hundred years passed before advances in manufacturing made them lightweight , portable , and available to average Joes . Have Bikinis Always Been So Popular ? Hardly ! Named for the nuclear-testing site Bikini Atoll , the suits first appeared in 1946 , but American women thought them immodest . Not until the 1960s were they accepted , possibly helped by the hit song "  Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini . " Real Simple : Old Clothing Gets a Second Life Were French Cuffs Really Created for the Battlefield ? It is said that the cuffs were designed to be used as handkerchiefs in combat . But , in fact , French royalty invented the style in the 1500s , when flowing sleeves were the rage ; nobles would tie their sleeves back with fasteners . Amusingly , the competitive English tried to take credit for the fashion , which to this day they refer to as "  double cuffs . " Have Women Always Carried Purses ? Once upon a time , ladies stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing  sort of an early ancestor of the fanny pack  and accessible through slits in their skirts . Around 1800 , thinner , silkier fabrics and slimmer cuts came into vogue , and women could no longer hide the bulging sacks around their midsections . The solution ? They began carrying their belongings in small pocketbooks instead . Real Simple : New Uses for Things in Your Closet Why Is Underwear Nicknamed "  Drawers " ? In the 16th century , drawers became a common term for both men 's and women 's underpants . Made of linen , the items were no-frills and looked more or less interchangeable  this being well before Victoria ever had a secret ; decorative lace trim started appearing on the garments only in the middle of the 19th century  . Most likely , underwear earned this distinctly unsexy epithet because it describes the way that people put on their unmentionables -- drawing them up and over the lower part of the body . Real Simple : The Essentials of a Well-Balanced Wardrobe Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The sports bra came to be after an innovative college student sewed two jock straps together Lilly Pulitzer 's patterned dresses were designed to cloak bright juice stains Bikinis did n't become popular until the 1960s
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- Tiger Woods ' mother-in-law , Barbro Holmberg , was released from a hospital in "  good condition " Tuesday afternoon , hours after she was admitted , a hospital spokesman said . Holmberg -- the mother of Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren -- was admitted to Health Central Hospital in Ocoee , Florida , early Tuesday morning for stomach pain . Paramedics arrived at Woods ' home in Orange County , Florida , after a 911 call was made at around 2:35 a.m. , dispatch information shows . Hospital spokesman Dan Yates said that Holmberg , a regional governor in Sweden , was resting at Woods ' home after being released around 2 p.m. ET . Yates would not comment further on Holmberg 's hospital stay , saying only that she was in a "  good state and feeling much better . " Health Central Hospital is the same hospital where Woods was taken after he crashed his sports utility vehicle into a fire hydrant and a tree outside his mansion near Windermere on November 27 . Eva Malmborg , a spokeswoman for Gavleborg County , where Holmberg is governor , told CNN that she had been taken to the Florida hospital because of abdominal pain . "  She is , after the circumstances , well , " Malmborg said . "  We count on her being back at work on Monday . " There has been no comment on Wood 's Web site regarding his mother-in-law 's difficulties . Woods , 33 , who tops the sport 's world rankings , has been mired in controversy since the crash , which prompted authorities to cite him for careless driving and fine him $ 164 . Woods was not required to talk to police about the wreck , and declined to talk with investigators on several occasions . A document from the Florida Highway Patrol released Monday shows that the patrol sought private medical records from Woods , saying investigators suspected the golfer may have been driving under the influence . More coverage from CNN affiliate WESH More coverage from CNN affiliate WKMG More coverage from CNN affiliate WFTV Florida Highway Patrol trooper Joshua Evans filed the request to obtain Woods ' blood test results because "  the witness who removed the driver from the vehicle " said Woods consumed alcohol "  earlier in the day " and that he had prescriptions for the painkiller Vicodin and the sleep aid Ambien . Woods ' wife told investigators she pulled her husband from the vehicle after he crashed . The state attorney 's office denied the subpoena request , however , citing "  insufficient information provided to issue subpoena , " and Florida defense attorney Mark Eiglarsh , who specializes in DUI cases , said the evidence provided in the request was "  flimsy . " State attorney spokeswoman Danielle Traverneir said the request for the subpoena was fairly routine in such cases and that it was not uncommon to deny them . The Florida Highway Patrol has closed the case . Sgt. Kim Montes said Tuesday that the investigative subpoenas are a normal part of the investigation . "  When we meet with the state attorney , they make the final determination . It would n't be proper for us to comment on that , " she said . In the week following the crash , the golfer apologized for "  transgressions " that let his family down . The same day gossip magazine US Weekly published a report alleging Woods had an affair . "  I have let my family down and I regret those transgressions with all of my heart . I have not been true to my values and the behavior my family deserves , " he said in a December 3 statement on his official Web site . US Weekly magazine printed a report alleging that Woods had an affair with Jaimee Grubbs , whom it identified as a 24-year-old cocktail waitress . The magazine also published what it says is a voicemail message from Woods to Grubbs . Share your thoughts on Tiger 's ` transgressions ' CNN could not independently confirm that the voice on the recording was Woods . The magazine 's report followed a National Enquirer report that Woods was having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess , an assertion the hostess vigorously denied , according to The New York Post . CNN 's John Couwels , Per Nyberg and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Barbro Holmberg resting at Tiger Woods ' home , hospital spokesman says Holmberg is mother of Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren Holmberg , 57 , was admitted to hospital early Tuesday morning with stomach pain Tiger Woods taken to same hospital after crashing SUV on November 27
CNN  How long will the data last in your hard-drive or USB stick ? Five years ? 10 years ? Longer ? Already a storage company called Backblaze is running 25,000 hard drives simultaneously to get to the bottom of the question . As each hard drive coughs its last , the company replaces it and logs its lifespan . While this census has only been running five years , the statistics show a 22 % attrition rate over four years . Some may last longer than a decade , the company says , others may last little more than a year ; but the short answer is that storage devices do n't last forever . Science is now looking to nature , however , to find the best way to store data in a way that will make it last for millions of years . Researchers at ETH Zurich , in Switzerland , believe the answer may lie in the data storage system that exists in every living cell : DNA . So compact and complex are its strands that just 1 gram of DNA is theoretically capable of containing all the data of internet giants such as Google and Facebook , with room to spare . In data storage terms , that gram would be capable of holding 455 exabytes , where one exabyte is equivalent to a billion gigabytes . Fossilization has been known to preserve DNA in strands long enough to gain an animal 's entire genome -- the complete set of genes present in a cell or organism . So far , scientists have extracted and sequenced the genome of a 110,000-year-old polar bear and more recently a 700,000-year-old horse . Robert Grass , lecturer at the Department of Chemistry and Applied Biosciences , said the problem with DNA is that it degrades quickly . The project , he said , wanted to find ways of combining the possibility of the large storage density in DNA with the stability of the DNA found in fossils . "  We have found elegant ways of making DNA very stable , " he told CNN . "  So we wanted to combine these two stories -- to get the high storage density of DNA and combine it with the archaeological aspects of DNA . " The synthetic process of preserving DNA actually mimics processes found in nature . As with fossils , keeping the DNA cool , dry and encased -- in this case , with microscopic spheres of glass - could keep the information contained in its strands intact for thousands of years . "  The time limit with DNA in fossils is about 700,000 years but people speculate about finding one-million-year storage of genomic material in fossil bones , " he said . "  We were able to show that decay of our DNA and store of information decays at the same rate as the fossil DNA so we get to similar time frames of close to a million years . " Fresh fossil discoveries are throwing up new surprises about the preservation of DNA . Human bones discovered in the Sima de los Huesos cave network in Spain show maternally inherited "  mitochondrial " DNA that is 400,000 years old - a new record for human remains . The fact that the DNA survived in the relatively cool climate of a cave -- rather than in a frozen environment as with the DNA extracted from mammoth remains in Siberia - has added to the mystery about DNA longevity . "  A lot of it is not really known , " Grass says . "  What we 're trying to understand is how DNA decays and what the mechanisms are to get more insight into that . " What is known is that water and oxygen are the enemy of DNA survival . DNA in a test tube and exposed to air will last little more than two to three years . Encasing it in glass -- an inert , neutral agent - and cooling it increases its chances of survival . Grass says sol-gel technology , which produces solid materials from small molecules , has made it a relatively easy process to get the glass around the DNA molecules . While the team 's work invites immediate comparison with Jurassic Park , where DNA was extracted from amber fossils , Grass says that prehistoric insects encased in amber are a poor source of prehistoric DNA . "  The best DNA comes from sources that are ceramic and dry -- so teeth , bones and even eggshells , " he said . So far the team has tested their storage method by preserving just 83 kilobytes of data . "  The first is the Swiss Federal Charter of 1291 -- it 's like the Swiss Magna Carta -- and the other was the Archimedes Palimpsest ; a copy of an Ancient Greek mathematics treatise made by a monk in the 10th century but which had been overwritten by other monks in the 15th century . "  We wanted to preserve these documents to show not just that the method works , but that the method is important too , " he said . He estimates that the information will be readable in 10,000 years ' time , and if frozen , as long as a million years . The cost of encoding just 83Kb of data cost about $ 2,000 , making it a relatively expensive process , but Grass is optimistic that price will come down over time . Advances in technology for medical analysis , he said , are likely to help with this . "  Already the prices for human genome sequences have dropped from several millions of dollars a few years ago to just hundreds of dollars now , " Grass said . "  It makes sense to integrate these advances in medical and genome analysis into the world of IT . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Behold the ` Internet of Sheep ' Will you soon be able to ` swallow the doctor ' ? Meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car	Science is now looking to nature to find the best way to store data in a way that will make it last for millennia Just one gram of DNA is theoretically capable of containing all the data of internet giants such as Google and Facebook Researchers in Zurich wanted to find ways to combine the storage capacity of DNA with the stability of the DNA found in fossils The Zurich team say their process could make the data encoded in DNA readable in 10,000 years ' time or even longer
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton supporters launched a counteroffensive this week against claims that documents related to the Benghazi attack investigation were sanitized and ahead of another congressional hearing . A Clinton spokesman responded quickly to the story released Monday , calling it "  patently false , " and a group helping with the former secretary of state 's communications and rapid response mobilized an entire communications strategy , website and talking points around the issue . The strategy has a directness that has not always been seen from Clinton aides and affiliated groups , which have generally waited for a story to fully emerge before taking it on . A GOP-led House Select Committee on the Benghazi attack holds its first public meeting Wednesday , with seven Republicans and five Democrats looking into the September 11 , 2012 , attack on the U.S. compound in Libya that killed four Americans , including Ambassador Chris Stevens . The issue has been white hot politically since then . It loomed as an issue that Republicans used against President Barack Obama in the closing months of the 2012 election , and with the prospect of Clinton running for president in 2016 , the issue has continued to burn . Rand Paul : If Hillary Clinton worked for Bill Clinton , she 'd be fired Sharyl Attkisson , who resigned from her job as a CBS News correspondent in 2014 for what she said was liberal bias , published a report Monday alleging that a State Department official close to Clinton had withheld and sanitized documents during the department investigation . The story , which many conservative outlets branded as a "  bombshell , " was hung on Deputy Assistant Secretary Raymond Maxwell , one of the men reprimanded over the attack . The State Department flatly denied the story . The Accountability Review Board "  had full and direct access to State Department employees and documents . Any accounts to the contrary like that one you mentioned are completely without merit , completely ill-informed , " said Marie Harf , the department 's deputy spokeswoman . "  These reports show a complete lack of understanding of how the ARB functioned . It collected its own documents directly from anybody in the department . There was a department-wide call for information to be given directly to the ARB . " Nick Merrill , Clinton 's spokesman , followed up Tuesday with a statement to CNN . "  This is patently false , as the State Department said yesterday about the process that allowed unfettered access to the Accountability Review Board . " Correct the Record , the outside group handling communications for Clinton and urging her to run for president in 2016 , launched a rapid response the same day "  to rebut , fact check , and respond to the upcoming Benghazi Select Committee hearings . " The effort includes a website -- BenghaziCommittee.com -- that highlights statements from the group , points out questions already addressed by past Benghazi panels and fact-checks some critics ' claims . The group says it hopes to model its response after the way campaigns respond during debates . "  The loss of life in Benghazi was a tragedy but the questions of what happened that night have already been asked and answered , " the group said in an email . "  Republicans have no credibility on this issue and are wasting taxpayer dollars on these sham hearings to ask questions that have already been answered , all for political gain : both to drive up their base turnout in 2014 and to go after Secretary Clinton for 2016 . " Benghazi probe presses ahead despite new report Clinton has taken responsibility in the attacks and has told a number of groups that it was her biggest regret at the State Department . In her memoir , "  Hard Choices , " she knocks those "  who exploit " Benghazi for political gain and says , "  Those who insist on politicizing the tragedy will have to do so without me . " The passage is considered a flat no to any suggestion that Clinton would testify before the House 's latest Benghazi committee . Despite that , committee chairman Rep. Trey Gowdy , R-South Carolina , is undeterred from proceeding with the investigation . A statement Tuesday from the committee said , "  As Chairman Gowdy has said , he is willing to risk answering the same question twice rather than risk it not be answered at all . " CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	Clinton supporters respond quickly to story saying Benghazi documents were sanitized House committee is holding another hearing into the 2012 attack , which killed 4 Americans Clinton supporters say claims are effort to boost GOP midterm turnout , make it an issue in 2016
New York  CNN  -- It has risen -- floor by floor , gleaming steel beam by steel beam -- from the scene of what was incomprehensible destruction more than a decade ago . Now , as 1 World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan stretches closer toward being the tallest building in the United States , it already stands as an icon in its own right . Punctuating the Manhattan horizon , the once-named "  Freedom Tower " also was once fraught with controversy and costly redesigns . But it 's soon expected to top off at 1,776 feet -- technically edging out the Willis Tower in Chicago by way of decorative spire affixed to its peak , and replacing the Twin Towers that fell to terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 . "  Everybody takes pride in this building , " says Marc Becker , deputy general superintendent of the construction firm Tishman . "  Everyone 's an important piece of the puzzle , whether you 're an iron worker , whether you 're a painter , everyone has a job to do . " "  We 're all here to see this through to the end , " adds Becker . Crews at the site are gearing up for President Barack Obama 's visit Thursday to the work-in-progress -- which now has reached 104 stories -- for an update on its upward growth . The building is expected to open in about a year and a half . "  We 're going to have our topping-out beam placed on the street " so that President Obama can sign it , says Mike Pinelli , general superintendent at 1 TWC . "  It 's going be the first signature on the topping-out beam , " he adds . "  It 's typically signed by everybody on the project at some point and then we 're going to erect it shortly thereafter to signify the topping out of Tower One . " On the 92nd floor , workers can often be seen hanging off beams as they twist steel rods into a lattice framework while blowtorches spray sparks against the upper floors . Steel beams fall 40 stories at WTC construction site Lacking external glass at such heights , the structure is edged by black netting to prevent loose objects from falling into the plaza more than a thousand feet below . Ground was broken in April 2006 , on a redesign by the architectural firm of Skidmore , Owings and Merrill , with construction starting later that year . "  The structure itself is a hybrid , " says Mel Ruffini , Tishman 's project executive . "  The perimeter is steel , the core is concrete . " He calls it "  the strongest concrete we 've ever used in New York , maybe in the United States , for an office building . " "  The walls are extremely thick , and all of the building supplies , elevators , all the risers , all telecommunications are within that concrete structure inside the building , " he says . From the 92nd floor , workers are able to watch planes approach the New York region 's three major airports , a subtle reminder , they say , of the thousands who died on that September day . "  Tower One , when it 's complete , will symbolize everything that was lost in 9/11 , " Pinelli says . "  It also will symbolize our resiliency as a nation , all the hard work put in by everybody . " September 11 memorial debuts in New York	It 's soon expected to top off at 1,776 feet , by way of spire affixed to its peak President Barack Obama is expected to visit the site on Thursday The building is expected to open in about a year and a half Workers are gearing up for the president 's visit
Chanmyay Yeiktha , Myanmar  CNN  -- The first time I suggested shaving off all my hair and becoming a monk , nobody batted an eyelid . In Myanmar , it is perfectly normal for people to go into monasteries or nunneries for temporary periods . The monastic system is a revolving door , and most of the country 's 55 million Buddhists , whether rich or poor , go in and out of it several times during their lives . What made the situation complicated was that I was a Westerner and it was 2002 , a time when Myanmar , which is also known as Burma , was still a pariah state and branded an "  outpost of tyranny " by the government of former U.S. president George W. Bush . Foreigners then were viewed with suspicion , and arranging to enter the forest retreat of Chanmyay Yeiktha , one of the most traditional of the country 's monasteries , took some string-pulling . I eventually found myself shaved and robed and sitting in the little hut that would be my home for the next six weeks . The traditional period for temporary monkhood in Myanmar is only nine days , and I was wondering whether I had bitten off more than I could chew . I slept on a pillowless wooden board , and my morning began at 3.30 a.m. with an icy bucket shower and the scrape of a razor over chin and head . I then meditated with the other monks for two hours before a breakfast of rice and dal -- a stew of pulses such as lentils and beans -- at dawn . After that , it was back to the mediation hall until 10.30 a.m. when the second and final meal of the day was served . We were permitted to take a nap through the heat of midday before meditating again until around 7 p.m. . As an atheist I became attracted to Buddhism in Myanmar because its monasteries have very little to do with ritual or theology . All of the emphasis is on practical techniques for uncovering the hidden workings of the mind . If a person wants to know what makes them tick , the techniques learned in Buddhism offer a powerful alternative to the hourly fees and drug prescriptions of Western psychiatry . But the process is difficult and it can only be faced alone . I was not allowed to speak to anyone in the monastery , even to exchange a greeting . When meditating I was encouraged to carefully observe every thought , every breath , every feeling . Even at meals , I had to be aware of each tiny thing -- the intention to move my fork , the movements of my jaws , my reactions to the flavors of the food . At the beginning all of this seemed virtually impossible , but after ten days of it my mind began to slow down and settle . Now I was able to see not only my thoughts , but also the subconscious feelings and desires that produced them . Soon I began to experience a feeling of serenity and mental clarity that I had not thought possible . In 2002 , international sanctions were hitting Myanmar 's economy hard . Donations of food to the monasteries , though regular , were not large . I was regularly sent out with a group of monks to collect alms . We went barefoot on the jungle trails , halting occasionally for villagers to drop handfuls of rice into our begging bowls . On one round I felt bad when a poor farmer gave me a few peanuts from his lunchbox , and at the end of my stay I mentioned this to the abbot . "  Do n't be so egotistical , " he rebuked me . "  That man was not donating food to you personally , he saw only a monk standing there . One day soon , your positions will be reversed . He will be the monk seeking self-knowledge and you will be the donor who gives him food . If you have more than he has , then you can give more to equal his gift of peanuts . " And that is what makes the monastic system work so effectively in Myanmar . Among monks , there are no economic or class divisions . The identical robes , the communal dining and the head shaving are all there to emphasize the equality that exists between them . But when temporary monks return to their lives outside , some are suddenly far more equal than others . And so villagers donate a handful of rice , while city professionals donate breakfast and lunch for the entire monastery , or a water purification system , or even a new dining hall . When I returned to Myanmar this year for my second 45-day stint as a monk , the ramped-up scale of these elite donations was very much in evidence . Since the reforms begun by President Thein Sein in 2011 , the country 's economy has grown at breakneck speed and the monasteries have grown along with it . Chanmyay Yeiktha 's forest retreat was three times larger than I remembered , and is now surrounded by beautiful gardens of flowers and fruit trees . I looked in vain for my rickety wooden hut , and was shown instead to a well-built brick bungalow with a hardwood floor , a fan , a comfortable bed and a Western-style bathroom with a shower . There were spacious new meditation halls , a clinic and a library . Every day saw visits by city donors bringing varied and nutritious meals for monks of every social background . The population of the monastery also reflected Myanmar 's new openness to the world . Although I was still the only Westerner , I now found myself among monks from Korea , Japan , Malaysia , Sri Lanka and China . One monk from the city of Guangzhou in southern China turned out to be leaving the same day as me . After our disrobing ceremony , I asked him why he had traveled here . "  In China , we are not free to practice our religion , " he told me . "  All Chinese Buddhists want to come here . We think of Myanmar as a place of freedom . " British author and art historian Rupert Arrowsmith has twice been ordained as a Buddhist monk in Myanmar -- once in 2002 and once in 2013 . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author .	Rupert Arrowsmith has spent time as a monk in Myanmar at Buddhist monasteries Arrowsmith attracted to Buddhism in Myanmar for its emphasis on personal development The monastery he visited in 2002 was transformed on his 2013 visit
Washington  CNN  -- The head of the Environmental Protection Agency 's office in Dallas has resigned over comments he made in 2010 that became the focus of political condemnation last week . EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson said Monday that she accepted a letter of resignation from Al Armendariz . "  I respect the difficult decision he made and his wish to avoid distracting from the important work of the agency , " Jackson said in a written statement . In the letter dated Sunday , Armendariz said he regrets his comments , adding that they did not reflect on his work or the work of the EPA . The controversy erupted last week when a video surfaced showing Armendariz saying in 2010 that his methods for dealing with non-compliant oil and gas companies were "  like when the Romans conquered the villages in the Mediterranean . They 'd go into little villages in Turkish towns and they 'd find the first five guys they saw and crucify them . " Sen. James Inhofe 's office told CNN it uncovered the video while preparing for a blistering half-hour Senate floor speech that Inhofe delivered Wednesday . In the speech , the Republican from Oklahoma criticized the Obama administration 's energy policies and cited Armendariz in particular . "  His comments give us a rare glimpse into the Obama administration 's true agenda , " Inofe said . After the video went viral , Armendariz quickly issued an apology . But Inhofe rejected the apology , and the White House and EPA dissociated themselves from the administrator 's remarks . "  Administrator Armendariz apologized yesterday for his ` poor choice of words ' when he admitted that EPA 's ` general philosophy ' is to ` crucify ' and ` make examples ' of oil and gas companies , but he did not apologize for EPA 's actions towards its apparent crucifixion victims , " Inhofe said . "  Take the word ` crucify ' out of Administrator Armendariz 's statement and nothing has changed : You still have a rogue agency following through on President Obama 's ` general philosophy ' to increase the price of gas and electricity , " Inhofe added . White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Thursday that "  the official 's comments are inaccurate as a representation or characterization of the way the EPA has operated under President Obama . " In a statement posted on its website , the EPA said it was "  deeply unfortunate that in a 2010 video an EPA official inaccurately suggested we are seeking to ` make examples ' out of certain companies in the oil and gas industry . " Armendariz was on a leave of absence from his job as a professor at Southern Methodist University while he served with the EPA . He was appointed by Obama in 2009 . The remarks surfaced at a critical time for Obama 's re-election campaign . The administration 's energy policies have been targeted by critics , including Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney , who blame the president 's policies for higher oil and gas prices . On Friday , a letter signed by the House Energy and Commerce Committee 's Republican members requested clarification of Armendariz 's enforcement strategies and policies while leading the agency 's Region 6 office . The committee said it "  will use all authorities at its disposal to ensure Armendariz 's attendance " at an upcoming hearing . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The 2010 comment by Al Armendariz drew protests from Republicans EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson accepts Armendariz 's resignation The White House and the agency call the remark inaccurate Armendariz says he regrets his comment
EW  -- For the third time this year , following strong openings from "  The Hunger Games " and "  Snow White and the Huntsman , " a movie with a tough female protagonist topped the box office in a major way . Disney-Pixar 's Brave was right on target in its debut weekend , opening to $ 66.7 million â $ " the fifth-best debut ever for a Pixar film , and a faster start than last year 's Cars 2 , which opened with $ 66.1 million . Brave continued Pixar 's streak of number one debuts , as all 13 of the studio 's releases have reached the peak position during their first weekend of wide release . "  Girls kick butt , " says Dave Hollis , Disney 's EVP of distribution , about the rise of the female action protagonist at the 2012 box office . Still , he believes that gender had less to do with Brave 's successful opening weekend than audiences ' trust in Pixar . "  There 's a universal love of this brand , " he says , praising their "  consistency -LSB- as -RSB- classic storytellers . " Disney wisely marketed the film differently to boys and girls â $ " much like the studio did when releasing another princess film , Tangled , in 2010 . For that film , Disney created a campaign that focused as much on Tangled 's humorous male character , Flynn Rider , as it did on the film 's main character , Rapunzel . For Brave , Disney targeted males with ads that emphasized the film 's rambunctious Scottish hijinks and mischievous red-headed triplets . Meanwhile , girls were targeted with ads that focused more on Brave 's central character , Merida , and her quest to change her fate . Still , Hollis notes that there were numerous images that spoke to both males and females , such as shots of Merida riding her horse through the woods . Despite rather tepid reviews  compared to the rest of Pixar 's catalog  , the $ 185 million Scottish adventure earned an "  A " CinemaScore grade from audiences , which were 57 percent female and 43 percent male . Thanks to good word-of-mouth , Brave will likely enjoy small declines over the ensuing weeks  although it will face direct competition when Ice Age : Continental Drift debuts on July 13  , and if history is any indication , finish somewhere in the $ 200 million range . In second place , Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted dropped 41 percent to $ 20.2 million , giving DreamWorks ' $ 145 million animated sequel a $ 157.6 million total after three weekends . The 1-2 finish of Brave and Madagascar 3 marks just the third time in the past decade that two animated films have taken up the top two spots at the box office . In November 2007 , Beowulf and Bee Movie finished in first and second . In November 2004 , The Incredibles and The Polar Express did the same . Worldwide , Madagascar 3 has already stampeded to $ 208.4 million . Interestingly , despite its European setting , the film has yet to open in the UK , Germany , and Italy  as well as Japan , Australia , and New Zealand  . Paramount does n't want to let Madagascar get overshadowed by the Euro Cup , which is currently diverting Europe 's attention , or the upcoming Olympics in London . Fox 's $ 69 million revisionist horror film Abraham Lincoln : Vampire Hunter earned a decidedly un-presidential $ 16.5 million in its debut frame . The R-rated film , an adaptation of Seth Grahame-Smith 's popular novel of the same name , drew crowds that were 56 percent male and 53 percent above the age of 25 , according to Fox . Audiences were n't especially pleased with the film itself , issuing Honest Abe a harsh "  C + " CinemaScore grade . Vampire Hunter 's box office performance somewhat resembles the performance of Snakes on a Plane , which earned $ 13.8 million in its 2006 debut . Both efforts earned innumerable headlines for their absurdly straightforward , silly titles , but that early buzz did n't translate into substantial box office dollars . Audiences ' interest peaked with the gimmicky title and concept , but they were n't actually invested in the film . Prometheus finished in fourth place in its third weekend , falling 52 percent to $ 10 million million . Ridley Scott 's $ 130 million Alien prequel has earned $ 108.6 million domestically , and it will likely fall just short of matching its production budget domestically . Fortunately for Fox , the film has zapped up over $ 150 million internationally . Just like the film in first place , the film in fifth place , Snow White and the Huntsman , is centered on a warrior princess . The Kristen Stewart/Charlize Theron collaboration earned another $ 8 million over the weekend , a drop of 40 percent . The $ 170 million picture has now grossed $ 137.1 million domestically , and another $ 160.4 million million overseas . Notably , Warner Brothers ' Rock of Ages also earned an estimated $ 8 million this weekend , so the two films may flip-flop when actuals come out on Monday afternoon . It was the end of the world for Focus Features ' Seeking a Friend for the End of the World , which started its run way back in tenth place with only $ 3.8 million out of 1,625 theaters . The romantic dramedy , which stars Steve Carrell and Keira Knightley , was almost beaten by Focus ' other current release , Moonrise Kingdom , which , in its fifth weekend , found $ 3.4 million out of just 395 theaters . Fortunately , Focus says that Seeking a Friend , which earned a weak "  C + " Cinema Score grade , cost less than $ 10 million . In limited release , Midnight in Paris director Woody Allen 's latest film , To Rome With Love , got off to a blazing start with $ 379,000 out of just 5 theaters , which yielded a remarkable $ 75,800 per theater average . The iconic director may have another Europe-set hit on his hands . 1 . Brave -- $ 66.7 million 2 . Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted -- $ 20.2 million 3 . Abraham Lincoln : Vampire Hunter -- $ 16.5 million 4 . Prometheus -- $ 10.0 million 5 . Snow White and the Huntsman -- $ 8.0 million See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Brave " led the pack at the box office over the weekend Disney exec : "  Girls kick butt " "  Madagascar 3 " came in second
CNN  -- Police in Omaha , Nebraska , said Friday they are checking into whether two cases of double homicide -- separated by six miles and five years -- may be linked . All four victims had ties to the pathology department at Creighton University Medical School . The comparisons arose Tuesday , when Roger and Mary Brumback , both 65 , were found dead inside their Omaha home . Roger Brumback was a professor in the pathology and neurology departments at Creighton University . After 12 years at Creighton , where he had served as chairman of the Department of Pathology , Brumback had recently announced he would retire next month and move to West Virginia . When a piano mover arrived Tuesday at the house , he found an ammunition clip wedged in the doorway and Mary Brumback 's body inside , police said . On March 13 , 2008 , 11-year-old Thomas Hunter and his family 's housekeeper , Shirlee Sherman , were found dead in the Hunters ' home in Omaha , according to the FBI . The boy 's father , Dr. William Hunter , was then and is still faculty member in Creighton 's 12-person pathology department . He did not immediately return a call from CNN , but he told the Omaha World-Herald that he wondered if the same person could have been responsible . "  It 's just a thought that comes by , " he told the newspaper . His wife , Dr. Claire Hunter , an associate professor in Creighton 's cardiology division , also did not immediately return a call . A cold-case unit is assisting to determine whether there is a connection between the cases , police said . Brumback 's colleagues "  described him as a perfectionist who was very popular with his students and other faculty , " the school said on its website . "  When I heard the news last night , I was literally shaken , " Laura Neece-Baltaro , a friend of the Brumback family , told CNN affiliate KETV . She met them when they all lived in Oklahoma in the 1990s . "  Why would anyone want to harm them ? They did so much for the community here , and the community in Oklahoma City and they were still contributing . They still had a lot to give back , " she said . "  It 's a terrible loss to the whole world that they 're no longer with us . " A prayer service was held Thursday at the school for the couple . Students wore white coats in tribute . "  It 's just kind of shocking to have somebody that seemed so full of life and invincible taken so suddenly , " said Creighton medical student Justin McCarthy , KETV reported . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report	The Brumbacks were found dead Tuesday in their Omaha home Roger Brumback was a professor in Creighton 's pathology department Another Creighton pathologist 's son , housekeeper were killed in 2008
CNN  Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world . Back in 2010 , at the height of cartel violence , the city averaged 8.5 killings per day . But five years later , local officials say the city is much safer , and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to Juarez . This month the city launched the tourism campaign "  Juarez is Waiting for You . " The rebranding effort started quietly a year ago , and on April 10 , it was on full display . Mayor Enrique Serrano officially kicked off the campaign , giving what he called an "  unprecedented " high-profile tour to regional leaders from the United States and Mexico . U.S. Rep. Robert "  Beto " O'Rourke of Texas was one of those on a leg of the Juarez tour . His congressional district includes El Paso , Texas , which sits directly across the Rio Grande . O'Rourke says there 's good reason for locals to be hopeful . "  As a region , El Paso and Juarez represent 20 % of all U.S-Mexico trade . The binational ties are strong and have remained strong , " O'Rourke says . "  Yes , we had a really difficult time for a ... period . Juarez was at one time the deadliest city in the world . " O'Rourke speaks of a time between 2009 and 2012 when men , women and children were killed indiscriminately . Many were helplessly caught in the cartel violence . Others were victims of the drug turf war . It was n't that long ago , O'Rourke says , that he thought twice about crossing the bridge into Juarez . "  Now  I travel to Juarez regularly to have lunch or meet people or just to go . I always feel safe and secure . " A spokesman for the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office told CNN that at one point , there were days when Juarez had more than 20 killings . "  That was normal , " spokesman Julio Castaneda told CNN . "  It 's safer now . " The numbers from the attorney general 's office seem to bear that out . More than 3,000 people were killed in the city just four years ago , but so far this year there have been 89 killings , according to Castaneda -- a dramatic decrease in the violence . "  Undoubtedly , the work we did here in the past year with the police institutions , and specifically the local police , helped . There was a coordinated effort between agencies , " Castaneda said . "  Without a doubt this work played a part in breaking apart the gangs that were plaguing the city . " The government cleaned up corruption within the local police force , and fired or arrested a lot of bad cops who were helping the cartels . Another factor that may have helped : The turf war between the Juarez and Sinaloa cartels essentially ended , with the Sinaloa cartel claiming victory in the battle for the trafficking route in Juarez . O'Rourke argues that the El Paso-Juarez border is "  safer than it 's ever been . " He cites the "  30 million lawful crosses from El Paso into Juarez " last year as a symbolic step . Yet there are those who do n't want to celebrate too soon . "  For Juarez to be considered a safe city , there 's a long way to go , " says Sergio Meza , executive director for Plan Estrategico de Juarez , an independent organization that works to improve the city 's quality of life . "  Just this past year  in 2014  there were 424 homicides . In 2007 , there were 272 . Yes , we 're not as bad . But we 're still very sick , " Meza told CNN from his office in Juarez . "  In reality , we 're progressing from the conditions that were generated by the insecurity . We 're still working out the corruption in the city . It 's still an issue here . " With more than 40 % of Juarez living below the poverty line , according to Plan Estrategico de Juarez , the future of the city will depend on "  the people 's participation in public matters . " In fact , the organization 's slogan is "  Nothing is fixed alone . Participate . " "  We are looking at a compromised future , " Meza said . "  We do n't talk about that . We do n't have the money to generate work here . " One bright spot : U.S. investment is making a comeback . American companies Delphi , Honeywell , Flextronics and Lear are among those that ramped up hiring and investment in Juarez over the last year . That hiring would have been hard to imagine four years ago . But with the average salary at $ 20 per week for local workers in the maquiladores , or factories , along the U.S.-Mexico border in Juarez , Meza says more needs to be done . The scars from the recent past remain . Several buildings downtown are shuttered and marred by graffiti . Americans who , before the violence , came to Juarez for bargain shopping have not returned in the numbers seen before the spike in violence . But in a sign of progress , the U.S. State Department amended its travel warning for the city . While it still urges visitors to exercise appropriate caution , it 's no longer telling people not to come . Longtime residents of Juarez and neighboring El Paso may be reluctant to say the wounds of the violent past have altogether healed . In the last year , however , they have definitely noticed that "  life is back . " "  I measure it by the everyday coming and going of people , " Gustavo Reveles , 39 , told CNN . "  For someone who grew up on the border and for someone who spent half of his life crossing the border on a weekly basis , it 's encouraging to be crossing back to Juarez without that sort of hesitation or worry that something might happen . " Reveles lived in Juarez until he was 15 and now lives in El Paso . He says the threat of violence is "  still a little bit concerning , " though that has n't stopped him in recent weeks from going to Juarez to meet friends for dinner and drinks . "  Things have changed , " he said . "  To go through what Juarez went through , you see life there again . You see a semblance of what was there before . To really recover and heal wounds , there 's a long way to go , but the process has started and that 's a step in the right direction . " CNNMoney 's Octavio Blanco contributed to this report .	Cartel violence helped make Juarez the murder capital of the world five years ago But the murder rate in the city has declined rapidly since 2010 Now city leaders are working to bring visitors and foreign investment back to Juarez
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- Fueled by seasonal monsoon rains and a nearby tropical storm , widespread flooding in the Philippines worsened Tuesday , killing at least 11 people , the national disaster agency reported . A landslide in the Manila suburb of Quezon City buried two houses , leaving nine people dead and four others injured , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Center . Three of the dead were children , the state-run Philippines News Agency reported . The capital city of Manila got 504 millimeters  about 20 inches  of rain Tuesday , PNA reported , with more on the way . The country 's weather service -- the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration -- warned the Manila region 's 12 million residents of continued torrential rains and serious flooding through Wednesday . "  It 's like a water world , " Benito Ramos , head of the disaster agency , said of the city , according to PNA . The national railroad called off service , and many roads were under water . Some dams were beginning to overflow , putting more communities at risk , the authorities said . North Koreans in desperate need of food after floods The flooding has already forced more than 780,000 people across the country from their homes , the disaster agency said . About 242,000 were staying in emergency shelters Tuesday night , according to the agency . Rescue requests continued to come in early Wednesday , including some people who were using Twitter to contact the authorities for help . "  Pregnant woman needs help ! Staying on top of a roof , " one Twitter user posted , followed by an address . "  Please help BORRES FAMILY w / 2y/o child !! , " posted another . The weather agency warned residents to expect more landslides and flash flooding , and the authorities urged residents in low-lying areas to move to higher ground . As well as the deaths in the landslide in Quezon City , two people died from electrocution and drowning outside the Manila region , the disaster agency said early Wednesday . Those deaths came on top of the 53 people who had already been killed across the Philippines by heavy wind and rain in the past few weeks . In an effort to save lives and make way for rescue and relief efforts , President Benigno Aquino ordered work suspended at government and private offices around the capital region Tuesday . Government offices and schools were also to be closed Wednesday , the president 's office said . Deep water in many parts of metropolitan Manila blocked roads , stranded cars and flooded homes . In several areas , the water was waist deep or higher , the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority said in its Twitter feed . "  Last night it was raining cats and dogs , or even like elephants banging on your roof top , " said CNN iReporter Rummel Pinera . "  You can not sleep when it 's raining for several hours like this , it was like a deluge . " Another iReporter , Jumar Rejuso , said the downpour was terrifying . 2 tropical cyclones strike Chinese coast in quick succession "  We had to force ourselves to leave in order to be spared from the wrath of the raging waters , " he said . "  It was the first time I have witnessed in my entire life a flood as big as that . " Flooding has struck across the Philippines , with high water reported in 46 communities across the country , the disaster agency reported . The authorities in Marikina City imposed a forced evacuation of areas near the Marikina River , which has risen above critical levels , PNA reported . The National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said the Ambuklao , Binga and San Roque dams were releasing water , putting several cities at a higher risk of flooding . The agency warned residents living near the dams to be on the lookout for rising waters . U.S. Ambassador to the Philippines Harry K. Thomas said Tuesday that the United States would provide $ 100,000 for disaster relief . The rain and flooding are the result of the normal summer monsoon enhanced by the effects of Tropical Storm Haikui , the Philippines weather service said . The storm made landfall on the east coast of China on Wednesday morning . The Philippines had already been lashed by heavy rain and wind in recent weeks resulting from Tropical Storm Saola , which plowed past it before hitting Taiwan and China at the end of last week . The country is frequently subjected to flooding and landslides caused by heavy rain . In December , Tropical Storm Washi left more than 1,200 people dead after it set off flash floods that swept away entire villages in the southern Philippines . Complete coverage of extreme weather CNN 's Alex Zolbert in Manila , and Jethro Mullen and Anjali Tsui in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	NEW : Eleven people die from landslide , electrocution and drowning NEW : More than 780,000 people have been displaced , the government says Manila got about 20 inches of rain Tuesday , with more torrential downpours on the way The country has already been hit by flooding in recent weeks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A California food processing plant is voluntarily recalling up to 1 million pounds of roasted pistachio products that may have been contaminated with salmonella , the Food and Drug Administration announced Monday . Salmonella strains were found last week during routine test by Kraft Foods , one company that purchased the nuts . The nuts came from Setton Farms in Terra Bella , California , about 75 miles south of Fresno . They were largely distributed in 2,000-pound containers to food wholesalers who would then package them for resale or incorporate them as ingredients in other products , such as ice cream and trail mix . No illnesses have been linked to this case , said Dr. David Acheson , FDA 's associate commissioner . But salmonella strains were found last week during routine test by Kraft Foods , one of about three dozen companies that purchase pistachios from Setton Farms , he said . Kraft notified the FDA on March 24 . Setton Farms did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . Acheson emphasized that unlike the recent case of salmonella-tainted peanut butter , this recall was not prompted by an sickness outbreak , saying the decision was a "  proactive " move . He said the FDA has received two recent complaints , from the East and West coasts , from people who say they became ill after eating pistachio products , but a link to Setton Farms has not been confirmed , he said . The FDA is advising consumers not to eat any pistachio products , but not to throw them out , either , because additional recalls are likely and having products that could be turned in would allow for easier tracing of contamination . The agency is setting up a Web site to update the public . Dr. Jeff Farrar , head of the California health department 's food and drug division , said it 's likely that the roasted pistachios will be found in a wide variety of products . He noted that Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation . Raw pistachios are roasted to a temperature that should kill salmonella , Acheson said . Because the roasted products tested positive for salmonella suggest cross-contamination with raw products . Acheson added that the Setton Farms recall is related to the one announced Friday by Kroger , a grocery store chain with stores in 31 states . Kroger recalled Private Selection shelled pistachios from its retail stores because of possible salmonella contamination . Kroger , in a statement Friday , said no illnesses have been reported in connection with the product . In February , Kroger was among retailers that recalled peanut products tied to the Peanut Corporation of America , a Virginia-based company accused by the FDA of knowingly selling peanut butter and peanut paste that was contaminated with salmonella . PCA 's peanut processing plant in Blakely , Georgia , is being investigated in connection with a salmonella outbreak that has sickened more than 500 people and has been linked to eight deaths .	The pistachios , mostly sold to wholesalers , came from Setton Farms in California Kraft is one of three dozen companies to purchase pistachios from Setton Farms No illnesses have been linked to this case so far Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation
The U.S. government 's long-stated position is that it wo n't negotiate with terrorists . But are there exceptions ? U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , an American prisoner of war , is believed to be held in Pakistan by the Haqqani group . The Haqqani group is part of the larger Taliban network and has engaged in a range of attacks on civilian targets in Afghanistan , such as the U.S. Embassy in Kabul . Earlier this month , the U.S. Treasury Department named three of the Haqqani group 's leaders as "  Specially Designated Global Terrorists , " and noted that the organization "  poses a grave threat to U.S. civilians , military personnel , and our broader interests in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region . " Two years ago , the U.S. State Department also formally listed the Haqqani network as a foreign terrorist organization . Yet on Monday , The Washington Post quoted U.S. officials who said the government was going to resume talks with the Afghan Taliban and offer to trade five Taliban prisoners held at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay for Bergdahl , who has been held since 2009 . Does that mean the United States is negotiating with a terrorist group ? In fact , the Haqqanis are part of the larger Afghan Taliban network , but the Afghan Taliban itself is not listed by the U.S. State Department as a foreign terrorist organization , which enables the United States to have direct talks with the Afghan Taliban , which it has been doing for years secretly , according to multiple U.S. officials familiar with the talks . This means that discussions about the release of Bergdahl with the Afghan Taliban are not directly with a terrorist organization per se , but instead with an insurgent group that has a terrorist wing . For some this may seem to be a distinction without a difference , but as a matter of U.S. policy this is a very important distinction . Consider the case of another American who is held hostage in Pakistan , Warren Weinstein , a contractor for the U.S. Agency of International Development who was kidnapped by al Qaeda in Lahore , Pakistan , more than two years ago . In December , a proof-of-life video was released to international media outlets , in which Weinstein called on President Obama to negotiate for his release . As with Bergdahl , the release of Guantanamo detainees was among his captors ' conditions . U.S. officials have called for Weinstein 's release . But the United States has never negotiated with al Qaeda and would not want to encourage the group to kidnap other Americans living in Pakistan , so it seems out of the question that U.S. officials would negotiate with al Qaeda for Weinstein 's release . That said , U.S. officials will certainly be working behind the scenes to put pressure on the Pakistan government to try to secure Weinstein 's release . The fact that Bergdahl is being held by the Haqqanis does raise another issue , however , which is : Even if you get a deal with the Afghan Taliban for Bergdahl 's release , would the Haqqani network , which operates quite independently from the Afghan Taliban , go along with it ? The consensus among Taliban experts is , likely , yes . Anand Gopal , a fellow at the New America Foundation who has interviewed multiple members of the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani network , says the Haqqanis would honor such a deal because "  they take great pains to present themselves as part of the mainstream Taliban movement -- even if in practice they are independent -- and not going along would be an affront to the Taliban , possibly damaging relations . " According to the Washington Post report , the U.S. government has not yet made a formal offer for Bergdahl , who has spent almost five years in captivity . But the political situation around Bergdahl 's release may be shifting slightly in favor of a resolution . In 2103 , the Obama administration quietly released 11 prisoners from Guantanamo and it did n't generate much criticism from opponents of the administration . Two months ago , Congress also eased up on some of the restrictions that had previously prevented prisoners being released from Guantanamo . Also , U.S. combat troops in Afghanistan are pulling out at the end of December , which is , of course , a key Taliban demand . This means , as both a practical and legal matter , that the United States will then no longer be at war in Afghanistan , although there will likely be some residual force of U.S. soldiers in an advisory role post-2014 . When wars are over , the warring parties traditionally exchange their prisoners of war . With all U.S. combat soldiers returning home from Afghanistan during the course of this year , it is high time for Bergdahl to be one of them .	Peter Bergen : The U.S. wo n't negotiate with terrorists , but will it make an exception ? Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is believed to be held by the Haqqani group , a terror wing of Afghan Taliban Bergen : Talks would be held with Afghan Taliban , which is not directly a terrorist group Bergen : U.S. combat troops leaving Afghanistan , it 's time to swap POWs , including Bergdahl
CNN  -- All five remaining inmates held in the Mississippi pardons controversy have now been released from prison . Mississippi 's Supreme Court last week upheld the controversial pardons of more than 200 convicts that former Gov. Haley Barbour granted on his way out of office , rejecting a challenge by the state 's attorney general . In a 77-page , 6-3 ruling Thursday afternoon , the court found the pardons "  may not be set aside or voided by the judicial branch . " Attorney General Jim Hood argued that no proper notice had been posted in newspapers , but the court found the final decision rested "  solely with the governor . " "  We are mindful that the victims and their families are entitled to be interested in the subject matter of this case , and they are undoubtedly -- and understandably -- concerned with its outcome , " Justice Jess Dickinson wrote for the majority . But in the cases before them , it was up to the governor to " decide whether the Constitution 's publication requirement was met . " In a statement after the court ruling , Barbour said it "  reaffirmed more than a century of settled law in our state , " but acknowledged that his decision has been difficult for many of the inmates ' victims . But in a dissenting opinion , Justice Michael Randolph called the decision "  a stunning victory for some lawless convicted felons , and an immeasurable loss for the law-abiding citizens of our state . " Hood argued that the state Constitution required that for a pardon to be valid , notices be filed , each day , for 30 days in newspapers where their crimes were committed . But during a February Supreme Court hearing , Barbour 's lawyers argued that previous state court rulings had found the 30-day notice rule was "  an unconstitutional encroachment " on the governor 's power . Thursday 's ruling is the final word on the case , but Hood said he would seek to get the notice requirement restored to the state charter . "  We do respect the decision of the Court , but feel deeply for how it must weigh on the victims and their families . It is these victims and family members who have lost today and the criminals who have won , " he said in a statement , echoing Randolph 's dissent . Among the 214 inmates Barbour pardoned before he left office in January were four convicted murderers who had worked as "  trusties " at the governor 's mansion . Critics argued that the governor failed to consider the families of their victims before freeing them . All four and an armed robber also pardoned by Barbour had remained free while the issue worked its way through the courts , and were freed under Thursday 's decision . Five other inmates who had remained behind bars awaiting a ruling have been released . Barbour has defended his pardons and said the former inmates had been rehabilitated . CNN 's Martin Savidge and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Attorney General says no proper notice was posted in newspapers before pardons Mississippi 's Supreme Court upholds the controversial pardons Governor says it was a difficult decision He acknowledges his decision has been difficult for inmates ' victims
MINGORA , Pakistan  CNN  -- Gen. Nadeem Ahmad swirls the helicopter over Pakistan 's ground zero . Below is the Swat Valley of North West Frontier Province . A Pakistani soldier patrols a ruined street in Mingora . From the air , the valley in the foothills of the Hindu Kush looks undisturbed . Green fields amid clusters of drab houses . A closer look at Swat reveals how well the Pakistani Army fared in its military campaign to wipe out the militants . The cost of success : massive destruction that is sure to hamper the lives of already suffering residents just starting to trickle back to the homes they fled . A few months ago , ferocious battles between Pakistan 's Army and Taliban fighters erupted here -- in Swat , Buner and Lower Dir districts . War 's remnants serve as a constant reminder . A destroyed bridge . Pockmarked houses . Hotels that look like they 've been abandoned for years . Nadeem maneuvers the chopper to circle Mingora , the largest city in the Swat Valley . From the hilltop Army sentry posts that come into view , soldiers survey the ground below , hard won from Taliban fighters . The militants , Nadeem says , have fled to nearby mountains . On the ground , he shows off a cache of weapons seized in the fighting . The soldiers are keen to boast their victory . Mingora remains on high alert . A curfew has been lifted for morning hours , although soldiers keep close watch on those who venture out . The city 's pain is plainly evident on its scarred , deserted streets . Many shops are shuttered or destroyed . Watch Stan Grant tour the shattered streets of Mingora " The United Nations estimates that 375,000 Swat Valley residents fled their homes during the fighting . In all , 2.5 million Pakistanis were displaced in what was said to be one of the largest human migrations in recent history . About 260,000 people have been living in 21 refugee camps in neighboring Mardan , Swabi , Nowshera , Peshawar and Charssada districts , but the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees say the "  vast majority " of internally displaced Pakistanis have been staying with host families , rented houses or in schools . The government plans to return people first from the camps and then focus on those living elsewhere . But this week , the United Nations Children 's Fund  UNICEF  warned that as many as 1 million people could remain displaced until December because of the widespread destruction in their home towns , such as Mingora . Relief agencies have reported dire humanitarian conditions in Mingora : hospitals without electricity that are inundated with patients , an erratic supply of water and natural gas . One resident , who identified himself only as Abdullah , told CNN that returning people are facing shortages in food , water and basic supplies for survival . Some displaced families also expressed concerns about schooling for their children , reported the Integrated Regional Information Networks  IRIN  , the U.N. news agency focusing on humanitarian issues . Louis-Georges Arsenault , emergency office director for UNICEF , said 1 million children were at risk of not starting school by September , mainly due to the Taliban 's widespread destruction of schools and that 4,000 existing schools continue to shelter displaced people . Businessman Muhammad Khan , 40 , who recently returned to Mingora , voiced the despair of returning residents . He told IRIN that "  everything is in ruins . " "  Everything is in ruins , " IRIN quoted Khan as saying . "  It will take months for life to return to normality . " But that normality will no longer include the Taliban , Pakistani soldiers say . The fight was hard , but it was victorious , they say . They point to an area in the city where they say the Taliban displayed the bodies of their victims , some beheaded . It became known as "  Slaughter Square . " Slaughter Square 's name may be outdated for the time being , but residents like Abdullah say it will be a long time before life in Mingora returns to what it once was . "  I do n't like army . I do n't like Taliban , " Abdullah says , standing among the ruins of what used to be a thriving market . "  I only want peace . "	Pakistani forces in Swat Valley claim victory in fight against Taliban militants Refugees trickling back to the region find towns , bridges destroyed Up to 2.5 million Pakistanis estimated to have been displaced by conflict Local businessman : "  Everything is in ruins . It will take months to return to normality "
Rolling Stone  -- It could have been a bunch of pip-pip , stiff-upper-lip Brit blather about a stuttering king who learns to stop worrying and love the microphone . Instead , "  The King 's Speech " -- a crowning achievement powered by a dream cast -- digs vibrant human drama out of the dry dust of history . King George VI  Colin Firth  -- father of the present Queen Elizabeth -- found his own Dr. Strangelove in Lionel Logue  Geoffrey Rush  , a wildly eccentric Australian speech therapist who made it possible for the stammering monarch to go on radio in 1939 and rally his subjects to support the declaration of war on Hitler 's Germany . Rolling Stone : Peter Travers reviews "  The King 's Speech " in his weekly video series , "  At the Movies With Peter Travers " "  The King 's Speech " plays out on the battlefield of words , not action . Writer David Seidler  doing keenly insightful work partly owing to his own bouts with a stammer  had conceived the story first as a play . Before you can think the words "  static " and "  confining , " be advised that director Tom Hooper , garlanded with Emmy dust for "  John Adams , " "  Elizabeth I , " "  Longford " and "  Prime Suspect , " breathes fresh , urgent life into every frame of this powerhouse . Hooper , 37 , is a prodigious talent . The emotion this film produces is staggering . Hooper begins in 1925 , as the king , then merely Prince Albert , is trying to speak at the British Empire Exhibition . The words stick in his throat , and his silences between syllables fill the stadium . The prince 's embarrassment is acute , and deeply felt by his compassionate wife , Elizabeth  a superb Helena Bonham Carter creates miracles with every subtle look and gesture  , who goads him to visit Logue . His Highness goes into heavy snob mode in the presence of this commoner , who demands that they use first names . When Lionel first calls Albert "  Bertie , " Firth 's poleaxed reaction is priceless . Lionel treats speech lessons like therapy sessions , pushing for details about life in the royal family . What he gets is a portrait of a blowhard father , George V  Michael Gambon  , and a taunting brother , Edward VIII  Guy Pearce is absolutely stellar  , who reduces the proud , vulnerable Albert to rubble by committing the one unforgivable sin : Edward abdicates the throne to marry American divorcee Wallis Simpson  Eve Best  , leaving Bertie to succeed him . Suddenly , the man who would not be king most assuredly is . Rolling Stone : Peter Travers ' holiday movie preview : Ten movies for escapism this season Firth 's nuanced brilliance is a thing of bruised beauty . Oscar-nominated last year for "  A Single Man , " he gives a towering performance that deserves a shower of awards . And Rush is his match , fiercely funny in the hilarious and heartfelt interactions between king and commoner . Lionel is a failed actor given to grand gestures , and Rush chows down on this feast of a role , jolting the movie to life . Firth plays the counterpoint , the blue blood bred to hold it all together . It 's uproarious to watch Lionel prod Bertie to lose his cool , forcing him to sing out a symphony of s ** t-f *** - b *** er-me swearing  all stammer-free  . Luckily , this release takes place in Lionel 's home , where his wife and children are unaware of the royal patient . The scene in which Lionel 's wife , Myrtle  Jennifer Ehle  , meets the king has a special poignancy , if you remember Ehle and Firth as lovers in TV 's "  Pride and Prejudice . " "  The King 's Speech " does n't have the budget to show coronations and pomp , but it misses nothing in resonant intimacy . Hooper , with a Brit father and Aussie mother , throws himself into the scene in which Lionel stands like a conductor in front of the king as he delivers the speech of his life . Two men alone create an epic landscape of feeling in one of the very best movies of the year . Rolling Stone grade : 3 1/2 stars Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	"  The King 's Speech " is a crowning achievement powered by a dream cast Writer David Seidler had first conceived the story as a play Colin Firth gives a towering performance that deserves a shower of awards
Since the closing of what was the world 's best restaurant for many years , life has been busy for Albert Adria . Known as the not-so-secret secret weapon behind the imaginative , acclaimed elBulli on the Catalan coast in Spain , the younger Adria brother was the creator of many of the restaurant 's deconstructivist dishes that haunted the ambitions of young chefs around the world . It 's difficult to overstate the influence of his work at elBulli under the leadership of his older brother Ferran . "  Picture an armada without a flagship , a solar system without a sun , and that is what high-end Spanish cuisine will look like in the absence of El Bulli , " was how the New York Times mourned the 2011 closing of "  the world 's most influential restaurant . " Coming out of the kitchen shadows in the years since , Adria is generating buzz and critical acclaim with the whimsical bars and restaurants he has opened in Barcelona -- cocktail bar 41ºExperience , tapas bar Tickets , Japanese-Peruvian restaurant Pakta and Bodega 1900 , a casual vermouth bar . Time Magazine highlighted him as "  The Magician of the Moment " in the magazine 's roundup of the most influential people in the gastronomy world . In November , he received a Michelin star for Tickets and another one for 41ºExperience . We caught up with the starred chef in Hong Kong as he prepared for a special dinner featuring his iconic dishes at Catalunya Hong Kong . CNN : Could you talk a little about why elBulli closed ? If profitability was an issue , as it has been reported , then why were the dishes not priced higher , given the massive popularity ? Albert Adria : My brother had been there 25 years and I had been there 23 years and we came to a conclusion together that it was the best idea to leave it when it was at its top . We were getting older and working for 16 hours a day was getting unsustainable . The problem was n't the economic side -- that it was never an issue . The problem with this kind of restaurant is the physical and mental exhaustion . So we had to give it a break . CNN : Your new five restaurants  he has another one in the works in addition to the four already open  are not as exhausting ? Albert Adria : It 's as if I made Ferraris before , and now I make Mercedes . Quality , but different quality . CNN : What are the price points for these new projects ? Albert Adria : Tickets are around $ 80  $ 109  per head , 41º Experience has two concepts -- you can go there and have cocktails -- around $ 12  $ 16  each -- and snacks , or a closed menu which is $ 200  $ 273  . At Pakta , the price is $ 130  $ 177  and Bodega 1900 is $ 40  $ 55  . My next venture Yaguarcan , a Mexican restaurant , will be $ 50  $ 68  at the bar and $ 80 - $ 90  $ 109 - $ 122  at the restaurant . The restaurants with higher pricing have less capacity . CNN : Are people getting fed up with designer food ? Albert Adria : No , absolutely not . It 's a cycle . It became popular and a lot of these kinds of restaurants opened but there were still very few very good restaurants . The question is never which style of cuisine is in fashion or not . There are only two kinds of cuisines -- good or bad . And the good always wins . That is clear . These days , I like to go to small but very good restaurants . Thanks to high gastronomy training -- at elBulli for example -- a lot of young cooks are ready to make unbelievable things . Those in their 20s and 30s have a technical capacity that is unbelievable . In Spain , for example , and anywhere really , you can eat very well because of these hundreds of young chefs who have trained with the greats . All of these young chefs have adapted to the crisis and they have started to make all of these little restaurants with a different type of kitchen but one that is very , very good . CNN : Do people taking photos of your food ever make you angry ? Albert Adria : It 's a reality that people take pictures of all the dishes . There 's a good side and a bad side . Obviously , the good side is that they are promoting your dishes , the bad side is that many of the photos are very bad . At 41º Experience for example , the element of surprise is very important but if you type 41º on the Internet , you can see all the menus , which spoils the surprise and is very bad for me . At 41º , the creativity is so important . The restaurant only seats 16 , but we have 20 people working there . CNN : Are tapas becoming too cliche ? Albert Adria : The concept of tapas is actually a rather difficult one to explain so it 's difficult to export the concept to certain countries . In China , the concept of sharing is similar so it 's gone down very well , but as for whether it is cliche , it is not really . As with any type of restaurants , you just have good tapas restaurants and bad tapas restaurants . The good ones do very well . And the quality depends on the quality of the products . The best restaurants uses the best quality products , that is clear . Even when making a pizza , it 's important to use the best flour , even the water is important . You must use the best water . The industry is ready to make a lot better products but the problem is that the people are not ready to pay extra for the better product . CNN : What do you think of the Michelin star ratings ? Albert Adria : Guides are always good if you are at the top . The game has changed a lot since these paper guides started , and the information the customers are receiving changes very quickly these days . On Tripadvisor for example , there are a thousand comments and you do n't know who these people are , whether their opinions can be trusted . At the end of the day there 's a lot more information these days but it 's very unreliable . There 's a saying in Spain that it 's better that people talk about you , even if it 's bad . I do n't agree with that . It should not be about a lot of information , if should be about who is giving the information , and whether it is reliable or non reliable . Another thing , I received two Michelin stars last year , but this did not change anything at my restaurant in terms of reservations . In years past , at elBulli when we were given three Michelin stars , we became flooded with reservations . But now you do n't see that and that is reference to how the world of guides has changed . CNN : Do you ever just have a steak ? Albert Adria : Usually I do n't eat much . In the morning , I make myself a good shake that has everything I need , and throughout the day I have to go try all the food from the restaurants so I do n't ever sit down and eat something like a steak . All chefs have this way of life . CNN : What is your perfect day off ? Every day is the best day of my life . I 'm happy just where I am . So it 's hard to think of what I would do on a day off . With five restaurants I am so busy , so it 's important to surround myself with a good group of people who make me laugh and happy every day . Otherwise I would go crazy . CNN : Who is the best cook in your family ? Albert Adria : My mother !	elBulli 's Albert Adria has opened four restaurants in Barcelona The chef won Michelin stars for two of his new restaurants in November His fifth project of the moment will be the launch of a Mexican restaurant
Sandvoort , Guyana  CNN  -- Nine-year old Kayla Hope loves fairy tales , especially "  Cinderella . " "  It 's got a lot of rats ! " she giggles , burying her face in her hands . They 're her favorite part . Until now , she 's never read a book . She would have had to walk two miles to the closest library before . Now she will wo n't have to make that long trek , because her village in Guyana built a community library . "  It 's something that they wanted for so many years , and they just had no idea how to start , " said Matt Cusimano , a Peace Corps volunteer and a teacher at the primary school in Sandvoort , a village of nearly 200 people . Cusimano has taken on the challenge of creating a library with the villagers . Since starting , he 's been working with few resources . Many students are roughly three years behind their expected reading level . "  There 's no such thing as literature or fun reads or junior novels or any of those sorts of things , " Cusimano said . "  They are growing up in an education system of chalk and talk -- where the teacher writes something on the chalkboard and talks about it . They write something on the board  and  the students copy it . There 's nothing analytical about it . There 's no such thing as differentiated learning . " Cusimano , 25 , said it made sense when the school 's headmaster approached him with the idea for a communal library . "  Guyana is a performance-based culture , which makes it one of the more appropriate places in this region for a library . ... We are limiting our children 's abilities through ` chalk-and-talk ' methods of teaching . That 's why I was comfortable taking on a library project , " Cusimano said . With a budget of roughly $ 5,000 , the community agreed to front nearly 30 % of the costs . But most villagers , Cusimano said , can barely afford toothpaste . "  They 're doing it with donated labor and donated space because they ca n't afford several thousand U.S. dollars , " he said . Some villagers contributed by cooking for hungry workers , while others shelved donated books or painted . With a daughter in the primary school , carpenter Korth Leitch gave of his time by becoming the construction lead on the project . "  I was just so happy because it 's an opportunity that  came  to her , which never  came  to me , " Leitch said . By day , Leitch , 33 , ventured out to neighboring areas building homes and by night returned to work on the library . "  That is where I 'm finding this happiness , grateful pleasure for this library because I know my daughter ... my children  are  going to learn a lot from it . They love books . " Leitch said the Bible was the only book he was exposed to while growing up . Better World Books and the nonprofit Margaret Clemons Foundation donated more than 3,600 books to the library . And with three new computers , villagers are anxious to become computer-literate . "  The  people of the  village never had an opportunity to learn about a computer . They never had it . When you are able to read , you 're able to work with a computer . If you do n't know how to read , you ca n't start a computer , " Leitch said . In addition to learning about computers , many villagers are discovering new interests . Ten-year-old Shamar Benjamin comes to the library every night . He gets lost in the fictional battles of "  Pokemon " and "  Power Rangers . " He 's encountering words he 's never seen before . "  It helps me to read better , " he said . Such opportunities to learn have changed the village of Sandvoort . Kayla , the 9-year-old girl , now has books to fuel her imagination . If you want to donate books for the people of Sandvoort , go to their Facebook page for information or to Better World Books . For more ways to help others , go to CNN.com / impact .	Villagers in Guyana work together to build a library with donated books , computers Part of a communal dream , some painted , while others shelved donated books The Bible was the only book many villagers had ever seen or touched before the new library If you want to donate books , go to village 's Facebook page or to Better World Books
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama lifted all restrictions Monday on the ability of individuals to visit relatives in Cuba , as well as to send them remittances . The changes in Cuban policy was unveiled before President Obama 's trip to the Summit of the Americas . The move represents a significant shift in a U.S. policy that had remained largely unchanged for nearly half a century . It comes days before Obama leaves for a key meeting of hemispheric powers , the Summit of the Americas , in Trinidad and Tobago . "  President Obama has directed that a series of steps be taken to reach out to the Cuban people to support their desire to enjoy basic human rights and to freely determine their country 's future , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said . Obama also ordered new steps to promote the "  freer flow of information among the Cuban people and between those in Cuba and the rest of the world , as well as to facilitate the delivery of humanitarian items directly to the Cuban people , " Gibbs added . The president took "  these steps -LSB- in part -RSB- to help bridge the gap among divided Cuban families . " Obama believes that the change in U.S. policy will ultimately help bring about a more tolerant , democratic Cuban government , noted White House Latin American policy adviser Dan Restrepo . He thinks "  that creating independence , creating space for the Cuban people to operate freely from the regime is the kind of space they need to start the process toward a more democratic Cuba , " Restrepo said . Several key components of America 's embargo on the island nation will be preserved , however . Among other things , Americans will still be barred from sending gifts or other items to high-ranking Cuban government officials and Communist Party members . Travel restrictions for Americans of non-Cuban descent will also remain in place . Critics of the change blasted the administration for unilaterally changing what had been a long-settled U.S. policy . President Raúl Castro 's "  dictatorship is one of the most brutal in the world . The U.S. economic embargo must remain in place until tyranny gives way to freedom and democracy , " Rep. Connie Mack , R-Florida , said in a written statement . Obama "  should not make any unilateral change in America 's policy toward Cuba . Instead , Congress should vigorously debate these and other ideas before any substantive policy changes are implemented . " Sen. Mel Martinez , R-Florida , and a native of Cuba , had kinder words for the administration , saying , "  The announcement today is good news for Cuban families separated by the lack of freedom in Cuba . " He said that , in turn , the Cuban government should focus on improving its relationships with its citizens and the United States . "  Lowering remittance charges and allowing travel for Cuban families wishing to see relatives abroad are two steps the Cuban regime could immediately take that would show change in Havana , " he said . Reps. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , and Frank Wolf , R-Virginia , held a news conference last week urging Obama to refrain from easing trade embargo or travel restrictions until the Cuban government releases all "  prisoners of conscience , " shows greater respect for freedom of religion and speech , and holds "  free and fair " elections . "  Over the past 50 years , the Castros and their secret police have been directly responsible for killing thousands of nonviolent , courageous pro-democracy activists and for jailing and torturing tens of thousands of others . And they continue to this day to perpetrate their brutal crimes , " Smith said . Rep. Barbara Lee , D-California , who chairs the Congressional Black Caucus , responded that it makes no sense to continue what she characterized as a failed policy . Watch report on easing of travel restrictions " "  Everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but by any objective standard , our current policy toward Cuba just has n't worked . Simply put , it 's time to open dialogue and discussion with Cuba , " she said in a written statement . Lee and other Congressional Black Caucus members met in Havana this month with Raúl Castro and his brother , former President Fidel Castro . Several members of Congress see broader relations with Cuba as vital to U.S. interests . A group of senators and other supporters unveiled a bill March 31 to lift the 47-year-old travel ban to Cuba . "  I think that we finally reached a new watermark here on this issue , " said Sen. Byron Dorgan , D-North Dakota , one of the bill 's sponsors . Sen. Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , another sponsor of the bill , issued a draft report in February that said it was time to reconsider the economic sanctions . Lugar is the ranking Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Sarah Stephens , director of the Cuba Travel Projects and one of the leading advocates pushing for an end to the embargo , said Monday that "  these are welcome steps , but the right course is to allow all Americans to travel to Cuba , to open up commerce and to directly engage the Cuban government in diplomacy and solving problems in both countries ' interests . " Watch report on whether Cuba is ready for U.S. tourists " Obama "  has a historic opportunity not to be the last president of the Cold War but the first president to turn the page in U.S.-Cuba relations , " she argued . Before he was elected president , Obama promised to lower some of the barriers in Cuban-American relations . Provisions attached to a $ 410 billion supplemental budget Obama signed in March also made it easier for Cuban-Americans to travel to Cuba and to send money to family members on the island . In addition , they facilitated the permitted sales of agricultural and pharmaceutical products to Cuba . The provisions loosened restrictions enacted by President George W. Bush after he came to office in 2001 . Obama 's moves appear to be tracking the overall public sentiment on what has historically been a hot-button political issue . Seventy-one percent of Americans think the United States should re-establish diplomatic relations with Cuba , according an April 3-5 CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll , and 64 percent think the United States should lift the travel ban to Cuba for all Americans . Sampling error for the poll was plus or minus 3 percentage points .	Restrictions lifted on travel to see relatives in Cuba , send remittances Obama aims to "  bridge the gap among divided Cuban families , " spokesman says Travel restrictions for Americans of non-Cuban descent to remain in place Decision comes before Obama attends Summit of the Americas
CNN  -- When you 're about to settle in for four days of serious gaming , while crammed into a single room with a couple thousand of your peers , there are some unique concerns . To stand out , you want your computer rig to look cool . And to stay connected , you want it to actually be cool . At QuakeCon , the bring-your-own-computer gaming fest that celebrated its 18th anniversary earlier this month in Dallas , the results of those concerns were some of the coolest-looking computer setups you 're likely to see . Nearly 10,000 people attended the event to see the latest PC games from select companies , but also to witness the spectacle of 2,800 people playing computer games against one another in the same place . Part of the allure is competing against opponents from six different continents  Paging gamers from Antarctica !  and potentially being able to see them face-to-face instead of just talk over voice chat . The experience is unlike playing on your Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 in the comfort of your home . These gamers are all in one big , chilly room and connected to each other by 63,400 feet of cable . It 's called the BYOC -- bring-your-own-computer -- room and is as much a showcase for players ' modding skills as it is a place to play . Sometimes the modifications are purely aesthetic ; sometimes they 're to increase the computer tower 's effectiveness and , sometimes , they address both . Here are some of the highlights from our visit to QuakeCon . Which ones are your favorites ? Let us know in the comments .	At QuakeCon , thousands of gamers show up with modified computers The four-day event in Dallas drew nearly 10,000 people Modifications were meant to look good , keep computers cool
CNN  -- It seems that the global super-rich like their private jets on the bland side . No matter if you 're the CEO of a Fortune 500 company or electronics tycoon from Asia , it 's likely a dark wood veneer and light-colored leather upholstery will envelop you in the lap of luxury at 38,000 feet . Even the bright red and yellow livery of kung-fu superstar Jackie Chan 's new jet  that came with his role as "  ambassador " for Brazilian plane-maker Embraer  , gives way to a spotless interior of mid-tones and cream leather seats . If it does n't seem to fit the persona of the martial arts actor , the companies that are fighting over the executive jet market are well aware that giving clients whatever they want , even if that is uniform luxury , is essential when it comes to securing a multi-million dollar sale of an aircraft . Battle for the skies at Singapore Airshow "  It 's the cabin that sells the aircraft , " says David Velupillai , of Airbus Corporate Jets , from the back of a voluminous sofa on board a champagne-colored ACJ318 . "  Usually clients just need it to be practical . " If you can afford a $ 65 million jet like the ACJ318  based on the commercial A318  , fluctuating fuel costs are n't as much of a concern as a spacious bedroom and enough space for a banquet in the sky . A round table that can convert into a square for mahjong games is an off-the-shelf option for Velupillai 's prospective Chinese clients , who are also being targeted with laser-like precision by the other big corporate jet companies like Boeing Business Jets , Gulfstream , Embraer , Dassault and Bombardier . Just 15 years ago there was only one corporate jet in China , and private jet ownership was illegal in the country until 2003 . Now there are over 200 private and executive jets in China and around 700 in Asia. , according to Embraer . However that 's a small fraction of the total number of private planes criss-crossing the globe -- Asia still only has about a 5 % global share , compared to North America 's 40 % , the company says . China 's challenge for air supremacy But while bigger can mean better in the high status world of private jets , the market for smaller four or six-seater jets , accessible to millionaires , not billionaires , is increasing . Analysts predict that Asia is worth around $ 40 billion to the private jet market in the next 10 years , although there could be some bumps along the way for companies hoping to cash in on the privacy mores of high-net-worth flyers . "  It 's not a recession-proof industry , " says Jose Eduardo Costas , vice president of Embraer Executive jets for Asia Pacific . Like many other businesses , Europe 's precarious economic position is the main worry for private jet manufacturers . "  The drivers of this market remain the same ; it 's how the economies are performing , how the companies are doing , how the stock markets are , " says Costas . "  We still have a lot of the bottlenecks  in Asia  that the West has overcome over the last 30 to 40 years -- access to airspace and dedicated infrastructure like private jet terminals and common regulations . They will be smoothed out in time . " Test your aviation knowledge Courting clients and getting them to part with tens or hundreds of millions of dollars is one thing , but dealing with their demands once the plane is in the air is another . "  Every owner is different , " says Jenny Lau , CEO of SinoJet that manages six private planes in China , including the Jackie Chan jet . The company is one of many springing up to serve China 's private jet owners with air and ground crew . "  Some owners do n't want to be bothered at all during a flight , but one might want his ashtray to be cleaned after two cigarettes . One gentleman , for example , if he was to land in Kazakhstan to refuel would expect a blanket to be handed to him , immigration forms to be filled out , that kind of thing . " Lau , a former finance executive from Hong Kong , expects Sinojet to double its client list in the coming year . Her company and others like it are learning to deal with the spontaneous whims of the owners . That could be having a pilot and stewardess ready to go in a couple of hours for a flight to a different city just for dinner or jetting off for a Big Game hunt in Africa . "  Some are very particular , often about little things like table-wear and having their own and favorite chopsticks . " Demanding , yes , "  but they 're all very nice ! " she adds .	Most buyers of private jets seek uniform luxury , companies say "  It 's the cabin that sells the aircraft , " one aircraft executive explains Manufacturers will meet clients ' demands for interior extras Fears Europe debt crisis will stifle demand for luxury jets
CNN  -- The Chilean miner who led Elvis sing-alongs for his colleagues while trapped underground for 69 days visited Graceland on Friday . Edison Pena was a special guest during Elvis Presley 's annual birthday celebration in Memphis , Tennessee , on Friday . Elvis would have been 76 this weekend . "  I ca n't describe it , " Pena said through an interpreter . "  It 's something that makes an impact on me , visually . And being able to see it myself , is like , I feel in the clouds . " The story of the miners , known simply as "  the 33 " in Chile , transfixed much of the world during their 69-day ordeal about half a mile below ground . They have been popular on the American talk show circuit since their rescue in October and have been honored by Chilean President Sebastian Pinera and on the "  CNN Heroes " show . The miners and their families toured Los Angeles in November . The entourage visited Hollywood landmarks such as the Walk of Fame stars on Hollywood Boulevard , including one belonging to Elvis Presley . It was an appropriate pilgrimage for Pena who asked for the music to be sent down into the mine during the ordeal . "  He is the king ; he is the best , " Pena , 34 , said in November , as he posed for photographs beside Elvis ' star on Hollywood Boulevard . "  The sweetest of dreams . " Later this month , the miners are headed to Disney World . Disney is picking up the tab for the miners , their rescuers and their immediate families during a six-night stay January 27 to February 2 . Each family will get a $ 500 gift card . The group will serve as honorary Grand Marshals of a Main Street U.S.A. parade .	The 33 miners became instant celebrities after their rescue in October Edison Pena visits Elvis Presley 's former home He also visted Elvis ' star in Hollywood in November Elvis would have been 76 on Saturday
CNN  -- Eleven years ago , Danae Mines ignored her family 's objections and became one of the few female firefighters with the New York City Fire Department , better known as the FDNY . And this week , with her trademark determination , she broke through a different traditionally all-male barrier : the FDNY Calendar of Heroes . Mines is the first woman to be featured as eye candy in the calendar 's 11-year history , something that typifies her grit and will . "  I was n't going to let anyone tell me I could n't do what I wanted to do , " she said told the New York Daily News . "  I wanted my picture in the calendar so that young girls and young women can see me and know that they can do this job . " Mines is a 14-year veteran of the FDNY and a member of Engine Co. 60 in the South Bronx , the department told CNN . She joins 12 male colleagues on the calendar 's steamy pages and will be featured in March . There are about 10,300 firefighters in all ranks of the FDNY and 46 of those are women , according to the department . That equals less than half of one percent . "  When I step foot into the firehouse , I have to be able to tell myself that I 'm willing to risk my life to save someone else , " Mines told the Daily News . "  I always go above and beyond , because that 's my job . " A positive reaction From the FDNY Facebook page to the International Association of Women in Fire and Emergency Services , the reaction to Mines ' calendar inclusion has been overwhelmingly positive . The consensus : Even a calendar with a reputation for showcasing traditional masculinity must catch up with the times . "  I think it is SO SO cool that you have a lady in the calendar this year , " one Facebook user said . "  I am glad that a sexy woman of color is representing not just the FDNY but FD Ladies all over the country . " Another commenter was equally inspired . "  Can I just say how freakin ' awesome it is to see a woman in the FDNY ? I know there are female fire fighters but they are so far & few between & even better that she made the calendar !!! Keep saving lives girl !!! You are an inspiration to women everywhere ! " This type of reaction is exactly what Angela Hughes wants to hear . As a fire lieutenant in Baltimore County , Maryland , and a trustee at the IAWFES , she knows how difficult it can be for women to assimilate in a fire department . "  It 's not easy to fit in , " she told CNN . "  The stereotype is that you 're a fireman . But we 're firefighters and we 're trained to do the job . Not everyone needs to be a muscle-bound giant to do the job . It is about technique . " Hughes has been in the fire service for 21 years . Like Mines , she joined after being an emergency medical technician . "  I was very fortunate that I worked for a metro department with 18 % female firefighters , when nationwide it 's about 4 % , " she said . "  I was well accepted . ... In other departments it can be very difficult . " She listed several issues the IAWFES seeks to address for female firefighters , including the need for personal bathrooms , sleeping quarters and freedom from workplace harassment . Still , Hughes felt that Mines ' inclusion in the FDNY calendar was a sign of slight progress . "  I really appreciate that  Mines '  goal was to let other women know they can do it , " Hughes said . "  For me , when little girls come up to me and say ` Oh , now I know I can do this , ' it 's the best feeling . " "  This woman is helping more people understand . " All proceeds from the 2015 Calendar of Heroes benefit the nonprofit FDNY Foundation .	First female firefighter , Danae Mines , featured in 2015 FDNY Calendar of Heroes Mines : "  I always go above and beyond , because that 's my job . " Women still face hardships in fire service , top organization says
CNN  -- The Whitney Houston headlines last week sent a familiar shiver through me . In the 1970s , I ran one of the leading entertainment business public relations firms . Celebrity clients were wildly indulging themselves , accountable to no one . It was money , power and prestige , with no one to say , "  That 's enough . " Drugs and alcohol were endemic . Today , the conversation revolves around prescription drugs , but back then we were into more basic mind-altering substances : pot , psychedelics , cocaine and heroin . To be truthful , I had an amazing run before it all turned to garbage . My office , on the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood , was set up like a huge living room with couches , overstuffed pillows on the floor , rock star posters lining the walls and a coffee table , the centerpiece of which was a large crystal bowl , filled at all times with a generous supply of cocaine . The house rules were "  help yourself if you 're here on business -- but no take-outs ! " We were regularly visited by our clients , including The Rolling Stones , Pink Floyd , The Doors and Steppenwolf . As you could imagine , my office was a very popular place . But 29 years ago , I stood at the precipice with a decision to make . With a career of impressive accomplishments in the rear-view mirror , I had what looked like only despair and death ahead of me . Alcoholism and drug addiction had rendered me into what the "  Big Book " of Alcoholics Anonymous refers to as "  pitiful and incomprehensible demoralization . " The choice seemed simple . Choose life or death . Do I acknowledge I have a problem , or do I continue to live in denial ? Do I listen to my friends and family , or do I seek my own counsel ? Do I continue to deteriorate mentally and physically , or do I say , "  I 've had enough ? " Do I choose to live , or do I want to die ? If I once had a dream , I thought , it was long ago shattered . If I once had a dream , it 's floating face down in a bottle of Jack Daniels . If I once had a dream ... ahh , screw it , I ai n't no Martin Luther King Jr. . Throwing in the towel and surrendering to admitting I had a serious problem should have been the obvious thing to do , given the state I was in . But at the time , change seemed impossible , unimaginable , incomprehensible and downright insane . Insane was the right word , all right , but it described my state of mind . Alcohol and drugs are subtle foes ; cunning , baffling and powerful . I seemed to be the last one to know I was in big trouble . When my high-profile career started to fall apart , it was other people 's fault . When my substantial income dried up , my business manager was to blame . When the beautiful house I so dearly loved was finally foreclosed , it was the bank that was screwing me . When she finally could n't take it anymore and left , I knew she was the type to do this to me . When my friends began to disappear , they were scum and did n't deserve me . And when , at last , my only friends , my drugs and alcohol turned on me , I knew it was over . And so a journey of unimaginable proportions began . Not to any outward destination . No rehab , no trip to a far-off spa . I did n't move to another city , as if a geographic change would fix it . No , I did n't have to travel anywhere , except into the mirror , and by peeling the onion of my soul . The journey was within , to at long last discover where the real problem resided . It was , of course , in me . What a surprise -- with the loving help and support of a 12-step program , I found the real culprit . We in recovery refer to alcoholism as a spiritual sickness . And if you look that up in the dictionary , you 'll find a photo of me . "  Mr. Spiritual Sickness of 1982 . " If you ask me nicely , I might show you a picture of that lost soul that I still carry around in my wallet . Yes , I had long hair and a beard , the smug look of false confidence on my face and even the obligatory turquoise jewelry of that era . But look more closely , and you 'll see in my eyes shallow pools of emptiness , pupils like pinholes from the daily consumption of narcotics . As a friend remarked when he saw the photo , "  The lights are on , but nobody 's home . " After you shake your head in disbelief , and look up at me again wondering how this was possible and how I became such a different person , I will offer you an explanation . I 'm a recovering drug addict and alcoholic who was spared from a life of misery , incarceration and death . I 've been spared from the life of self-centeredness that led me to care very little about others and only about myself . I 've been spared from the countless fears of inadequacy , failure , success , intimacy and anything else that threatened my well-guarded defenses . I 've been spared a life of darkness and shown a path into the light . We do n't yet know why Whitney died , but we know she struggled with addiction . It 's a pity that now , Whitney will not have the option I had . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary Stromberg .	Gary Stromberg says he easily could have died from addiction to narcotics , alcohol He ran a famous rock star PR firm , with a large bowl of cocaine as centerpiece Stromberg lost his house , business , wife , money , and blamed everyone but himself He admitted the problem was inside himself and began his journey to recovery
CNN Student News  -- September 20 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day Is there value in using viewer comments on the news ? Are there times when this is more appropriate than others ? Explain . * * Daily Discussion Questions What is satire ? According to the program , why did a French magazine publish satirical cartoons that could be offensive to Muslims ? What is your opinion of the French magazine 's decision ? * * Why do you think that religiously offensive material is legal in some countries but not in others ? What is your view of freedom of expression when it comes to religion ? * * What is known about a proposed deal to suspend a teachers ' strike in Chicago ? What challenges may still lie ahead for the Chicago school district affected by the strike ? * * What are some of the potential dangers of texting while driving ? What did a recent study reveal about texting while driving ? Why do you think that people who know the dangers of texting while driving still do it ? What are some ways in which corporations are trying to raise awareness about the dangers of texting while driving ? What is your opinion of these efforts ? What else could be done to reduce the number of incidents related to texting while driving ? Explain . * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Facebook follows you everywhere . It 's on phones and computers , at work and home , and in the news . So it 's understandable that people might need a little rest from the social network . New research suggests that Facebook fatigue may be setting in with some users . Twenty-seven percent of Facebook users surveyed in the U.S. plan to spend less time on the site in 2013 , compared with only 3 % who plan to spend more time , according to a study from the Pew Research Center 's Internet & American Life Project . Another 69 % of Facebook users say they plan to spend the same amount of time on the site this coming year . The Pew study also found that 61 % of Facebook users have taken a break from the service for several weeks or more . During these breaks , the vast majority of Facebook vacationers do n't delete their profiles . The site boasts that it has more than a billion active users . Pew found that two-thirds , or 67 % , of American adults who are online use Facebook . The reasons people gave for taking a sabbatical from the network were varied . The most common motivation was not having enough time for the site , with 21 % of people saying they were just too busy with real-life responsibilities to spend time reading posts , liking and commenting . Other reasons for leaving : Ten percent called it a waste of time , 10 % cited a lack of interest in the content , and 9 % said they were unhappy with the amount of drama and gossip on the site . Only 4 % of people mentioned privacy and security concerns as their reason for taking a breather . Among the comments from those who took Facebook breaks : "  I was tired of stupid comments . " ... "  I had  crazy friends . I did not want to be contacted . " ... "  I took a break when it got boring . " ... "  It was not getting me anywhere . " ... "  You get burned out on it after a while . " ... "  I gave it up for Lent . " ... "  People were  posting  what they had for dinner . " ... "  I did n't like being monitored . " ... "  I got harassed by someone from my past who looked me up . " ... "  It caused problems in my  romantic  relationship . " Not everyone who leaves Facebook comes back to the site . According to Pew , 20 % of online adults who currently do n't use Facebook formerly maintained a profile on the site . The number of Facebook users in the U.S. may be plateauing , as only 8 % of non-users said they would be interested in joining . Mark Zuckerberg 's company needs to keep its users active on the site and mobile apps , especially since the pool of untapped of potential new members in the U.S. is dwindling . If Facebook starts to feel stale , more of its active users could take longer breaks or leave altogether , like they did with such formerly hot social networks as Friendster and MySpace .	Pew Research study : 61 % of Facebook users have taken a break from the site These breaks lasted several weeks or longer , but most people kept their profiles up The most common reason for stepping away from Facebook was not having enough time 27 % of users surveyed plan to spend less time on Facebook ; 3 % plan to spend more time
EW.com  -- Here is a round up of some of the recent casting news out of Hollywood : • Kevin Hart and Ice Cube will reprise their roles in the just-announced sequel to Ride Along . Tim Story will also return to direct the film for Universal with Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi penning the script . The $ 25 million buddy comedy scored an A CinemaScore , broke January box office records , stayed in the top spot for three weekends in a row , and has already passed the coveted $ 100 million mark  its domestic total is currently resting at $ 116 million  . They could start shooting the sequel as early as this summer . -LSB- Variety -RSB- • The Walking Dead 's Norman Reedus is set to team up with Robert Kirkman on a big-screen project -- Air , a sci-fi thriller starring Djimon Hounsou . Both will play custodial workers surviving in an underground cryogenic facility after a nuclear fall-out . Chris Pasetto will make his directorial debut on the project . -LSB- THR -RSB- • Brie Larson  Short Term 12  is in talks to join the Judd Apatow comedy Trainwreck , starring Amy Schumer and Bill Hader . The plot is being kept a secret . -LSB- Variety -RSB- • Haley Joel Osment  The Sixth Sense  has taken on a supporting role in the Entourage movie . Guesses on whether or not he 'll be playing himself ? -LSB- Deadline -RSB- EW : Casting Net - Brittany Snow is back for ` Pitch Perfect 2 ' ; Plus , Jessica Alba , more • Matthias Schoenaerts  Rust & Bone  is set to star in Felix van Groeningen 's  The Broken Circle Breakdown  Beligica , a drama about two brothers who start a bar in Belguim . -LSB- Variety -RSB- • Micah Hauptman  Parker  will join Jake Gyllenhaal , Josh Brolin , and Jason Clarke in Baltasar Kormákur 's Everest . He 'll play the part of filmmaker and avid climber David Breashears , who co-directed the 1996 IMAX film Everest and the PBS Frontline documentary Storm Over Everest about the 1996 disaster . -LSB- Deadline -RSB- • Charles S. Dutton  Alien 3  will play Chank Middleton , a friend of Gregg Allman 's , in the Allman Brothers biopic My Cross to Bear . -LSB- Deadline -RSB- • Saturday Night Live alum Rachel Dratch has joined the cast of The Grief of Others , about a couple whose baby dies shortly after his birth . Wendy Moniz  Betrayal  and Trevor St. John  One Life to Live  will play the parents for director Patrick Wang . -LSB- Variety -RSB- See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tim Story will return to direct "  Ride Along 2 " Haley Joel Osment is in for "  Entourage " movie ` SNL ' alum Rachel Dratch has joined cast of "  The Grief of Others "
CNN  -- From the moment she steps onto the stage , lighting up the concert hall with her radiant smile and striking flowing dress , to the very last notes of her energy-filled show , which finds everyone at their feet , it 's easy to see why Fatoumata Diawara feels right at home while performing . "  I like to be on stage , " says the 31-year-old singer , one of the latest stars to come out of the seemingly endless reservoir of musical talent that is Mali . "  It 's one of my favorite places , I love that . " Indeed , under the stage lights of Yoshi 's in San Francisco , Diawara 's Malian influence and personal charisma shine through . Guitar on hand , she sings effortlessly in a warm , wavering voice but she can as easily break into powerful vocal solos and high-pitched ululations ; as the evening progresses , she takes the audience into a journey of rhythms and emotions . With boundless energy , she strides across the stage , her braided hair swirling around frenziedly as she dances with abandon . First passion Even as a child , the versatile performer , who was born in the Ivory Coast to Malian parents in 1982 , was very much into singing and dancing . But even though she was already a member of her father 's dance troupe at a very young age , it was Diawara 's talent in acting that first wowed audiences and paved her way to stardom . Read this : Malian kora legend breaks music barriers At the age of nine , Diawara was sent to live with her actress aunt to the Malian capital Bamako . One day , while she was on the set of one of her aunt 's films , the director asked the young Diawara to play a small role . The part was only a few lines , but the exposure would lead to much larger roles . In 2001 , she starred as the title character in "  Sia , Le Reve Du Python , " a highly successful film that boosted Diawara 's reputation in Mali -- to this day many people in the West African country refer to her as Sia -- and also attracted interest from abroad . Fleeing marriage In the 2001 drama , Diawara plays a young woman who flees her family to avoid being sacrificed to a god -- a role that has real life echoes for Diawara . Shortly after the release of the film , Jean-Louis Courcoult , director of famous French theater company Royal de Luxe , traveled to Mali to offer Diawara a part in a new production . But Diawara 's aunt , who had guardian 's rights , objected to the idea and arranged for her 19-year-old niece to be married to one of her cousins . Going against tradition , Diawara took the bold decision to flee Mali and pursue her dream . After making all the necessary preparations in secrecy , she managed to slip out of her aunt 's house and catch a flight to Europe . New life , new career Once in France , Diawara became a member of Royal de Luxe , traveling around the world for more than six years . Her new career also afforded her many other opportunities , including invitations to record songs with Malian musicians in Paris . After getting a taste of life as a musician , Diawara decided to pursue it on her own . She taught herself how to play the guitar , recorded a demo and stared performing at cafÃ © s in Paris . Read this : Guitar hero of the desert "  I said , ` OK my voice can be a good way to express who I am ; what is my story ; where I come from , ' " says Diawara , who released her first album , "  Fatou , " in 2011 . In the critically-acclaimed album , she explores familiar subjects , including women 's issues and arranged marriages . "  They wanted to give me to a man/but I refused as I did n't love him/I want to choose a man for myself/who I love , " Diawara can be heard singing in "  Bissa , " echoing her personal experience . Giving back Once she left Mali , Diawara never looked back . That was until last year , when a crisis threatened to destroy the country 's rich music heritage . In March 2012 , a military coup sent the country 's president into hiding . That opened the door to insurgency by Islamic militants who began to enforce their strict interpretation of Sharia law , including a ban on music . Diawara , who was still living in Paris , felt compelled to do something to ensure the great traditions of the music she loves live on . She went back to Mali and rallied 40 of the country 's most popular artists , including kora maestro Toumani Diabate and legendary singer Oumou Sangare , to record a song calling for peace titled "  Mali ko . " Once back in her country , Diawara also reconnected with her family , making amends . It was also a chance for her to give back to the beloved country she fled but which still influences her music . "  I 'm not a politician , I 'm nobody , " she says , "  but it is about my country ; my Earth , where I 'm from . My roots , my story , my family . " Back in San Francisco , Diawara takes a bow amid loud cheers as she leaves the stage following yet another energetic performance . "  I enjoy being with my audience because I know what I did to be in front of them , " she says after the concert . "  That 's why I like this moment ; it 's my freedom , " she adds . "  Music is my best friend . "	Singer Fatoumata Diawara is one of the hottest music stars to come out of Mali recently An actor turned singer , she fled an arranged marriage at 19 to follow her dream of performing Last year , she formed a supergroup to record a song calling for peace in Mali Diawara is currently touring North America
The machete blades turned red with heat in the fire that the rubber workers built on a Liberia plantation , Thomas Unnasch remembers from a visit in the 1980s . This was how the men tried to quell the intense itchiness that comes with river blindness , a rare tropical disease . "  You can imagine how bad the itching must be , that running a red-hot machete up and down your back would be a relief , but it was , " said Unnasch , whose laboratory works on diagnostic tests for the disease . About 18 million people have river blindness worldwide , according to the World Health Organization , but more than 99 % of cases of this disease are found in Africa . It goes by the technical name "  onchocerciasis , " and it spreads through small black flies that breed in fast-flowing , highly oxygenated waters . When an infected fly bites a person , it drops worm larvae in the skin , which can then grow and reproduce in the body . Unlike malaria , river blindness is not fatal , but it causes a "  miserable life , " said Moses Katabarwa , senior epidemiologist for the Atlanta-based Carter Center 's River Blindness Program , which has been leading an effort to eliminate the disease in the Americas and several African countries . Some strains cause blindness , while others come with more severe skin disease . With time , generally all strains of the disease can lead to rough "  lizard " skin , depigmented "  leopard skin " and hanging groins . Another big problem among patients is itching , which happens when the worms die inside a person . In southwest Uganda , the locals call the disease "  Obukamba , " referring to the symptoms of distorted skin appearance and itchiness , Katabarwa said . In western Uganda , he said , "  the fly is called 'Em bwa fly ' or dog fly , for it bites like a dog ! " There is no vaccine for river blindness , but there is a drug , called ivermectin that paralyzes and kills the offspring of adult worms , according to the Mayo Clinic . It may also slow the reproduction of adult female worms , so there are fewer of them in the skin , blood and eyes . The pharmaceutical company Merck has been donating the treatment , under the brand name Mectizan , since 1985 . Elimination efforts Great strides have been made against this disease . In the Americas , it was eliminated in Colombia in 2007 and in Ecuador in 2009 . The biggest area of concern is Africa . In 1995 the African Programme for Ocnhocerciasis Control was founded by a group of nongovernmental organizations , governments , and United Nations agencies , with the World Health Organization overseeing it . The APOC partnership , which includes the Carter Center , has given out 500 million ivermectin treatments between 1995 and 2010 , according to a new study in the journal PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases . Rare tropical disease close to eradication The organizations and governments involved in APOC have collectively avoided 8.2 million years of life that would have been lost to unhealthiness as a result of this disease from 1995 to 2010 , the study said . The study projected that APOC 's impact will be even greater from 2011 to 2015 , avoiding 9.2 million years of life that would have otherwise been lived in agony from this disease . In Uganda , Katabarwa 's home country , the country 's goal is to eliminate the disease by 2020 . The Ministry of Health and the Carter Center , partners of APOC , are working toward making that happen . Instead of the standard ivermectin treatment of once a year , Katabarwa and colleagues have been working on distribution every six months . More frequent treatments eliminate more baby worms and reduce the reproductive capacity of the adult female worms inside patients ' bodies , Katabarwa said . Where possible , they are also treating fast-flowing waters with a biodegradable insecticide called Abate to wipe out the larvae of the infectious black fly population . And they are training local populations to give out the medicine and keep track of who has been treated . ` You never sleep ' It ca n't be overstated that the worms itch , a lot . Sometimes , said Unnasch , people infected with the worms are driven to suicide . Katabarwa also has stories of people inflicting harm upon themselves because of the itchiness . There are cases where people boil water to pour on themselves , he said . "  You scratch yourself until you damage your skin , " Katabarwa explains . This leads to other health problems : The scratch marks bleed , making you more prone to bacterial infections . Children with the worms ca n't concentrate because they are scratching themselves all day and night . "  You never sleep , " Katabarwa said . "  Some people use a clay pot and break it to scratch themselves because the nails are not enough . " Relief from itchiness comes with the ivermectin -- even for someone who has lived with the disease for more than 50 years , he said . By taking the drug frequently , the skin can partly heal . Unfortunately , for patients who lose all sight , blindness is irreversible because the optic nerve is damaged . Skin that has hardened , sometimes to the point where needles ca n't penetrate it , will not reverse itself , either . The side effects from the medicine can also be nasty : Ivermectin may cause fever , itching , skin rash , joint or muscle pain , rapid heartbeat , and painful , tender glands . Less common side effects include headache and swelling of a person 's hands , feet , legs , face or arms . A person can also suffer a serious allergic reaction from it , so health workers bring antihistamines . "  If your immune system is very efficient , it will try to attack the dead worms " that the medicine kills , Katabarwa explained . "  The itchiness that will be triggered is incredible . It happens within 10 minutes . " But most of the reaction subsides after two days . During that time , other biting insects such as mosquitoes , lice and bedbugs also die if they attempt to bite the treated patient . Guinea worm a greater challenge than smallpox Because of the observed benefits of treating river blindness , infected people agree to take the medication despite the side effects , Katabarwa said . "  When people see you with that skin , they do n't want to be near you , " Katabarwa said . How disease creates outcasts One patient who made a big impression on Katabarwa was Semanza from the Rukungiri district of Uganda . In 1992 , Semanza 's skin looked like it was covered in dried mud , and flies swarmed around him . No one from his village wanted to be near him and he lived in a hut behind his family 's home , separated from everyone else . "  He was really forgotten , " Katabarwa said . Semanza 's skin was so thick , because of river blindness , that it could break a needle . Katabarwa told the local health workers to give Semanza a dose of ivermectin every three months , which is more often than the standard distribution . Years later , when Katabarwa visited again , a man approached him and hugged him , smiling . "  Who are you ? " Katabarwa asked . It was Semanza . Two years later , they reunited again , and Semanza revealed that he had married and wanted many children . Katabarwa also remembers educating a particular community in northwest Uganda in 1993 , which had all the right conditions for black flies that transmit river blindness to breed . A group of women in the community told Katabarwa that because of river blindness , people from surrounding areas did not want to marry anyone from their village . As a result , marriages had to happen within the community , including among relatives . Incest was strictly forbidden in their culture , but because of river blindness , it happened quietly , Katabarwa said . When Katabarwa returned five years later , the skin of infected individuals had greatly improved , and marriages with outsiders were happening again . "  These are stories of sadness , but after a few years there is hope , " Katabarwa said . Empowering populations Katabarwa has taken the approach of making use of Ugandan villages ' kinship structures to assist with health care . People in villages often live on the land that belonged to their families several generations back , and do not move away in adulthood . This means that cousins live near each other , too , and will help with care for family members who are absent when health workers visit . It is easier and more efficient to distribute medications when tapping into these large family structures , Katabarwa said . Through this approach , many more women have joined the effort to distribute the medicines because they are comfortable working among their family members . Toward elimination Elimination in 2020 is the goal for Uganda , but river blindness is harder to control in some parts of the country because of environmental and political factors , Unnasch said . There are places where insecticide resistance is a problem with a particular species of black fly that also moves around a lot , he said , especially on the border with South Sudan and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Doing any kind of river blindness control in Democratic Republic of the Congo is problematic because of safety issues , he said . A lack of government structure also makes it hard for health workers to coordinate efforts . But the flies do n't respect the border between DRC and Uganda , and people belonging to the same tribe in both countries migrate across , too . "  If you 're controlling it on the Ugandan side , and doing nothing on the DRC side , " Unnasch said , "  you 're never going to really eliminate it until you deal with these cross-border issues , and get an effective program going . " Unnasch commended the work that the Carter Center has been doing . He and Katabarwa travel together to Uganda every year . They are both part of an expert committee on river blindness through the country 's Ministry of Health . "  When summertime rolls around , and the rains start to come and the flies go out , that 's when we need to be there , " Unnasch said .	Carter Center in Atlanta leading an effort to eliminate river blindness in several countries Some strains cause blindness , while others come with more severe skin disease Uganda has a goal of eliminating the disease by 2020
CNN  -- A recent commentary by James Walker in CNN.com 's opinion section grossly mischaracterized the cruise industry 's practices and record , claiming that the industry is "  largely unregulated " and "  largely accountable to countries like Panama or the Bahamas . " Nothing could be further from the truth . Essentially every aspect of the cruise industry is heavily regulated and monitored under national and international maritime laws for many purposes , the most important of which is to protect the safety of passengers and crew . A U.N. agency -- the International Maritime Organization -- mandates global standards for the safe operation of cruise ships through its 170-member governments , including the United States . These regulations are extensive and wide-ranging . They start with the design and construction of the ship and extend to the operation of the vessel , the emergency equipment on board , and scenarios for emergency situations , including the evacuation of a ship . Regulation of the cruise industry involves many levels of enforcement -- the international ; the flag state or the flag of the country that the ship is registered in ; and the port state  the country a ship is visiting . For example , cruise ships that operate from U.S. ports are subject to strict U.S oversight and enforcement of international laws and regulations as well as all applicable federal laws of the United States . This oversight enforcement is carried out primarily by the U.S. Coast Guard . Opinion : What cruise lines do n't want you to know Most significantly , this means that any ship entering a U.S. port , no matter what country 's flag it sails under , is subject to U.S. Coast Guard examination for compliance with international and applicable U.S. regulatory standards , especially those related to safety . The coast safety regulation enforcement of the U.S. Coast Guard begins at the concept or design stage for new cruise ships and continues throughout the ship 's entire time of service . At any time , the responsible Coast Guard captain of a port can prevent any cruise ship from departing if a serious violation of any regulation is found or any dangerous condition exists . Contrary to what the op-ed 's author says , significant fires on board ships are rare . The global cruise industry has robust regulatory measures to protect passengers and crew . Fire safety regulations are continuously enhanced and have reduced the frequency and severity of fires . The last major overhaul of fire safety regulations entered into force in 2010 , and those regulations remain the subject of continuous review and updating . Every oceangoing ship in the Cruise Line International Association fleet must carry firefighting teams made up of crew members . They receive formal firefighting training and regular drills to ensure a rapid response in the unlikely event of a fire . The average oceangoing cruise ship has about 4,000 smoke detectors , 500 fire extinguishers , 16 miles of sprinkler piping , 5,000 sprinkler heads and six miles of fire hose . Opinion : My celebration trip on the Carnival Triumph Jobs in the cruise industry are highly sought after , and crew members have opportunities for career advancement . The industry offers opportunities not available for many crew members in their home countries , allowing them to support families , pay for college and even start their own businesses . Beyond wages , crew members are provided free room and board in a clean , well-maintained environment . They receive cruise-line sponsored medical care at no cost . And the cruise industry maintains strict workplace standards set by the International Maritime Organization and the International Labor Organization -- both U.N. agencies . The cruise industry also takes steps to prevent its people from bringing norovirus , which causes gastrointestinal illness , on board . About 10.3 million passengers embarked on Cruise Lines International Association ships from a U.S. port in 2012 . There were 16 cases of cruise ship norovirus outbreaks reported to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention last year , involving about 2,600 passengers out of those 10.3 million . To put this in perspective , the CDC reports norovirus causes about 20 million cases of gastroenteritis a year . Opinion : How Carnival can clean up the PR mess The cruise industry is subject to strict international regulation and oversight and fully promotes policies and practices that foster a safe , secure and healthy cruise ship environment . There 's no doubt that cruising is one of the safest , affordable and enjoyable vacation experiences available today , which explains why a record 20.6 million passengers worldwide enjoyed a cruise vacation in 2011 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bud Darr .	Bud Darr objects to op-ed that criticized cruise industry He says the industry is heavily regulated and monitored under maritime laws Cruise ships entering U.S. ports must be examined by Coast Guard , he says Despite headlines and criticism , fires and illnesses are rare on ships , Darr says
Editor 's note : This story is based on interrogation reports that form part of the prosecution case in the forthcoming trial of six Belgian citizens charged with participation in a terrorist group . Versions of those documents were obtained by CNN from the defense attorney of one of those suspects . The statement by Bryant Vinas was compiled from an interview he gave Belgian prosecutors in March 2009 in New York , and was confirmed by U.S. prosecutors as authentic . The statement by Walid Othmani was given to French investigators , and was authenticated by Belgian prosecutors . A U.S. military Humvee patrols the volatile Afghan-Pakistan border area earlier this year . CNN  -- When Bryant Neal Vinas spoke at length with Belgian prosecutors last March , he provided a fascinating and sometimes frightening insight into al Qaeda 's training -- and its agenda . Vinas is a young American who was arrested in Pakistan late in 2008 after allegedly training with al Qaeda in the Afghan-Pakistan border area . He was repatriated to the United States and in January pled guilty to charges of conspiracy to murder U.S. nationals , providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization , and receiving military-type training from a foreign terrorist organization . In notes made by FBI agents of interviews with Vinas , he admits he went to Pakistan to join al Qaeda and kill U.S. troops in Afghanistan . But the terror group appeared to have other ideas for him . He volunteered to become a suicide bomber but was dissuaded at every turn . Read how al Qaeda is now operating On Thanksgiving weekend last year , shortly after his arrest , much of the New York mass transit system including Penn Station was put on high alert . According to the Belgian prosecutor 's document , Vinas had told al Qaeda 's command everything he knew about the system . In his interview with Belgian prosecutors Vinas stated that he met with several members of a Belgian-French group while training in the tribal areas of Pakistan . One member of this group , a 25-year-old Frenchman called Walid Othmani , provided French interrogators with an account of his time in Pakistan after being arrested on his return to Europe . Belgian prosecutors told CNN Othmani has been charged in France with participation in a criminal conspiracy with the aim of preparing a terrorist act . A Belgian legal document detailing his interrogation report was obtained by CNN . Read how the Europeans trained with al Qaeda Vinas 's and Othmani 's account of their time in al Qaeda training camps in Pakistan is a playbook of how the terror group survived after 9/11 and continues to operate in the remote hills of Pakistan . The documents provide an inside view of al Qaeda 's organizational structures , training programs , and the protective measures the terrorist organization has taken against increasingly effective U.S. missile strikes . Arguably , they shed more light on the state of al Qaeda than any previously released into the public domain . The accounts suggest al Qaeda has shown remarkable adaptability and remains as committed as ever to launching attacks in the West , with mass transit a top target . They also revealed al Qaeda training programs for new forms of attack , including breaking into residences to carry out targeted assassinations . Read how al Qaeda is adapting While intelligence officials say intensified U.S. strikes using Predator drones have degraded al Qaeda 's capabilities since the end of last year , the accounts suggest that al Qaeda has been able to sustain many of its training operations by confining them to small dwellings in the remote mountains of Waziristan . Although not able to operate training camps on anything like the scale they did in Afghanistan during the 1990s the wide number of training courses still available to recruits suggests al Qaeda still poses a significant threat . Inside these dwellings bomb-making training appears to have been emphasized , some of it very sophisticated . While al Qaeda 's potential pool of recruits may have shrunk significantly because of a backlash against the terrorist organization in Muslim communities around the world -- due to its targeting of civilians and the fact that so many of its victims have been Muslim -- the insider accounts suggest there is still a significant number of hardcore extremists in the West and in Muslim countries who are willing to join Osama bin Laden 's terrorist outfit . What stands out especially from the accounts is the high degree of initiative and perseverance that the Western recruits had to show to join up with jihadist groups in the mountains on the Pakistan-Afghanistan border . But Vinas and Othmani 's accounts also suggest that al Qaeda may be having leadership problems . While able to find fresh recruits to replace those killed and arrested it seems to have more difficulty replacing senior military trainers and other key operational figures . A former U.S. government official , specializing in counter-terrorism , commented that the insider accounts suggest the same people are leading training as a decade ago . The only difference , there are fewer of them . Perhaps those killed or captured are not being replaced . Recent reports that al Qaeda is moving some operatives out of the tribal areas of Pakistan towards safer placements in Pakistani cities , or to jihadist fronts in other countries such as Yemen and Somalia , may indicate that the pressure from U.S. missile strikes is starting to show . But the decentralization of al Qaeda 's training and their ever closer ties with local Pakistani Taliban , mean it remains extremely difficult to eliminate from the mountains between Afghanistan and Pakistan . Above all the accounts from Vinas and others show that al Qaeda 's training structures have but one goal , another 9/11 . Read how al Qaeda is training for a terror spectacular	Westerners reveal details of life fighting , training with al Qaeda An American says he passed information on New York transit to al Qaeda They stories tell how the terror group survived and changed after 9/11 But it appears al Qaeda 's training structures have one goal , another 9/11
EW.com  -- What 's the appropriate soundtrack for kids killing kids ? That 's one of many tough questions that Grammy-winning producer T Bone Burnett had to answer while overseeing this set of songs inspired by the movie adaptation of Suzanne Collins ' best-selling novel about tweens and teens forced to fight to the death . Fans of the book might imagine its bow-hunting heroine , Katniss Everdeen , slinging arrows to the strains of something decidedly punk-rock . Personally , I 'd like to think of her blasting Bikini Kill 's " Rebel Girl " while she takes out Cato , Clove , Glimmer , and anyone else who underestimates her talent for ripping out tender teenage hearts and entrails . But what puts Burnett in the mood for some good old-fashioned child sacrificing , apparently , is ... folk . Or rather , as Taylor Swift recently told EW , " Appalachian music 300 years from now -- what Americana and bluegrass music would sound like in the future . " With everyone from Arcade Fire to Maroon 5 on "  The Hunger Games " Soundtrack , that 's a tall order -- though certainly Swift 's sweet lullaby " Safe & Sound , " backed by breakout Nashville duo the Civil Wars , fits the " Americana " part . When she sings to an unlucky fighter , " Just close your eyes/You 'll be alright , " she sounds like she 's finally broken out of fairy-tale-princess territory to real adulthood . Elsewhere , the Decemberists ' furious " One Engine " and Punch Brothers ' pretty " Dark Days " carry on the mournful fingerpicking . They 're lovely songs , but all that semi-acoustic brooding makes you wonder if " Appalachian music 300 years from now " is the same as it ever was . Far more engaging are the artists who imagine they 've seen Katniss ' future , and all they can say is " Go back . " Haunted by gorgeously sad Southern-belle harmonies from Miranda Lambert and her fellow shotgun-toting Pistol Annies , " Run Daddy Run " is deeply ominous , a song to sing when " you hear the devil drawin ' near . " Best of all is Kid Cudi 's gothic rap-rock epic " The Ruler and the Killer , " which feels every bit as dystopian as Collins ' book . With chest-pounding military drums and a menacing Big Brother refrain  " You do n't talk/You 'll say nothing , okay ? "  , it does n't sound anything like Burnett 's kinder , gentler vision for the soundtrack . And maybe that 's why it totally captures the spirit of the film : If there 's one thing that the warriors of District 12 hate just as much as the regular kids who love "  The Hunger Games , " it 's respecting authority . B See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Taylor Swift 's " Safe & Sound , " is backed by breakout Nashville duo the Civil Wars Miranda Lambert and Pistol Annies ' " Run Daddy Run " is deeply ominous The Punch Brothers ' pretty " Dark Days " carry on the mournful fingerpicking
CNN  -- Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who is being treated in Saudi Arabia after an attack on his compound , will return to Yemen on Friday , senior adviser Ahmed Al-Soufi told CNN . The ruling GPC party said the president will be received by celebrations , but anti-government demonstrators throughout the country likely would not welcome his return . Yemeni security forces and pro-revolution armed tribesmen have been clashing intermittently in Taiz City starting late Tuesday night , according to eyewitnesses . The clashes have been in the Al-Hoban and Kalabah areas of the city , approximately 1 kilometer  half-mile  west of Freedom Square , according to eyewitnesses . Residents also report hearing gunfire in the city . Taiz is one of the epicenters for the anti-government movement in Yemen The protesters are demanding that Saleh leave office , and there were celebrations in the streets when he left for treatment . "  Saleh 's arrival back to Yemen is not a surprise ; we said all along that he is traveling for medical treatment and , like any other president in the world , is expected to be back to his country and continue with the role of leadership , " said Yasser Al-Yamani , a senior Saleh aide . Al-Soufi said Saudi doctors have given Saleh the green light to return home . "  When he is back , he will rule as normal and the country will continue to be under his control . Saleh will return strong and the will of the people will stand against any other will , " he said . Saleh will rule until the end of his term in 2013 , Al-Soufi added . Opposition leaders called news of Saleh 's return false rumors . "  The ruling party are experts in lying and that is why we are not taking their comments seriously , " said Hasan Zaid of the opposition Haq party . Khaled Al-Anesi , prominent Yemeni rights activist and a leading figure in the youth revolutionary movement , said the "  youth are now coordinating with the political powers here in Yemen in preparation for the post-Saleh era " and noted that it is "  impossible for Saleh to come back . " "  The youth have the backing of the international community and the Saleh era is over , " he said . "  Yemenis will not allow Saleh back in Yemen and he is smart enough to know that he is not wanted anymore and that Yemenis have decided to live without him . " Wassem Al-Qirshi -- representative of the revolution youth organizing committee , the largest of the groups that comprise the youth revolutionary movement -- said "  the youth want to coordinate and create a transition council but we are trying to involve all political factions in the process except the ruling party . " In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said at the briefing Tuesday that she was not aware of reports that Saleh planned to return to Yemen Friday . But she added , "  Whether he stays in Saudi Arabia , whether he goes back , our request is the same : He needs to sign the GCC agreement and we need to move on with the transfer to a more democratic , progressive Yemen . " Saleh had voiced agreement with the plan by the Gulf Cooperation Council , a group of six Persian Gulf states , for his gradual departure , but he refused to sign it . Government forces have been locked in conflict with al Qaeda 's Yemen wing , and authorities fear the group , called al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , is exploiting the political instability . It has a strong presence in southern Yemen . Many people have fled their homes because of violence . Close to 45,000 people in southern Yemen have been displaced , particularly in Aden , Lahj and Abyan provinces , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs estimated this week . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : Gunfire heard in Taiz City , eyewitnesses say The U.S. State Department is not aware of Saleh 's plans , a spokeswoman says President Ali Abdullah Saleh will return home from Saudi Arabia Friday , a senior adviser says Opposition leaders discount Saleh 's return as false rumors
A major fire devoured thousands stalls in a market in Guatemala 's capital Tuesday , state media reported . Authorities have n't determined what caused the fire , which broke out around 2:30 a.m. in La Terminal market in Guatemala City . The fire destroyed approximately 6,000 stalls in the market , the state-run AGN news agency reported . For hours , a dark column of smoke billowed from the market . Volunteer firefighters said they struggled to battle the blaze due to a shortage of water in the area , adding that they had difficulty persuading vendors to leave their stalls . "  People often stay to sleep in their posts , " Guatemala City Mayor Alvaro Arzu said . "  They have gas tanks there . They are accidental , but with enormous consequences . " More than 300 people were evacuated from the area , and paramedics treated at least 15 people at the scene for smoke inhalation . Two people were transported to a hospital with burns , officials said . The fire spread quickly , officials said , because many makeshift stalls in the market were built with wood and plastic . President Otto Perez Molina flew over the market Tuesday and vowed that government funds would be devoted to rebuilding , AGN said .	State media : A massive fire destroyed 6,000 stalls in La Terminal market The fire broke out in Guatemala City around 2:30 a.m. Firefighters struggled to battle the blaze due to a shortage of water in the area
CNN  -- On Sunday , the live Web broadcast of perhaps the world 's most prestigious science fiction awards ended up in the Twilight Zone . Blame it on an attack by ` bots . The Hugo Awards were being streamed live on video site Ustream when , at 10:43 p.m. ET , the feed went dark during an acceptance speech by fantasy writer Neil Gaiman . The reason ? Ustream says automated software designed to detect the unauthorized posting of copyrighted material was triggered when , before Gaiman 's speech , the ceremony showed clips of "  The Doctor 's Wife , " an episode of the popular sci-fi series "  Doctor Who , " that Gaiman penned . Instead of Gaiman , text reading "  Worldcon banned due to copyright infringement " appeared . Worldcon is the conference at which the awards are held . "  Our editorial team and content monitors almost immediately noticed a flood of livid Twitter messages about the ban and attempted to restore the broadcast , " Brad Hunstable , CEO and founder of Ustream , wrote on the site 's blog . "  Unfortunately , we were not able to lift the ban before the broadcast ended . We had many unhappy viewers as a result , and for that I am truly sorry . " The third-party system , Vobile , is used by video sites to detect unauthorized posts . The Hugo Awards had permission to air the clips but apparently had not notified Ustream . Hunstable acknowledged that his site 's system for doing so was n't as clear as it should be . He said the automated system has been suspended until Ustream is able to "  better balance the needs of broadcasters , viewers , and copyright holders . " "  Ustream is committed to promoting Internet freedom , and we will strive to continually improve our service to provide the best , legal viewing experience possible , " he wrote . Perhaps as a boon to disappointed fans , Gaiman , a prolific Twitter user with more than 1.7 million followers , shared a link Monday to his video acceptance speech from when he won the SFX Award for screenwriting in February . "  Copyright bots switched off the Hugo Award stream last night , " he wrote . Named after Hugo Gernsback , the editor of groundbreaking sci-fi magazine Amazing Stories , the Hugos  originally the Science Fiction Achievement Awards  have been awarded annually for science fiction and fantasy writing since 1953 . Gaiman , whose "  Doctor Who " episode explored the doctor 's most longstanding relationship in an unprecedented way , is known for the groundbreaking "  The Sandman " graphic novel series and books like "  Neverwhere , " "  American Gods " and "  Coraline , " which was turned into an Academy Award-nominated animated film in 2009 .	Livestream of Hugo Awards was cut short by copyright-protection software The webcast , on streaming-site Ustream , showed scenes from "  Doctor Who " Ceremony had permission to use clips , but Ustream did n't know Writer Neil Gaiman was accepting an award when the stream blacked out
CNN  -- It 's a thrill for me as a fisherman to see a wild Alaskan silver salmon jump out of the water with my fly in his mouth . And it 's an even greater thrill for me as a father to see my eldest son guide his old man and his little brother into a honey hole full of salmon on a remote Alaskan river . I experienced both of those thrills this summer , as you can see from the mile-wide grin on my face in this picture . For three generations my family has come to Alaska to chase wild salmon . The Chinook , the Sockeye , the Coho , the Chum and the Humpback are graceful , powerful beauties with an unerring GPS for home . They 're also tasty -- and among the healthiest sources of protein you can find . Wild salmon  the ultimate free-range meat  is high in healthful Omega 3 fatty acids , and has been found to prevent heart disease and diabetes in Native Alaskans -- even those who are obese . No wonder First Alaskans have been happily harvesting salmon for at least 40 centuries . Of course , humans are n't the only species who know the joy of salmon . I have had the humble honor of sharing an Alaskan stream with a bevy of Brown Bears . Without my expensive waders or flyrod , lacking even polarized sunglasses , they out-fish me every time . I have seen eagles -- mammoth golden eagles and majestic bald eagles , dive-bomb rivers to pick off smaller salmon , and choruses of cacophonous sea gulls scavenge salmon carcasses on a riverbank . And I caught the biggest rainbow trout of my life in Alaska , where the species thrives on salmon eggs . Salmon is the focal point of so much of the economy in Alaska and the Pacific Northwest . Salmon contribute $ 1.5 billion annually and 14,000 jobs to the region 's economy . For good reason , the Chinook Salmon is the state fish of Alaska . And yet this magnificent , abundant , nutritious , valuable resource is threatened . A partnership between two companies -- London-based Anglo American , which has a spotty environmental record and Vancouver-based Northern Dynasty -- wants to build one of the world 's largest mines to extract copper , gold and molybdenum at the headwaters of two of the most significant rivers in Bristol Bay . Anglo American says it is committed to a goal of minimizing "  any impact to the local environment by designing , operating and closing all of our operations in an environmentally responsible manner . " But the mammoth Pebble Mine would , according to an exhaustive review conducted by the EPA , destroy up to 90 miles of streams and as much as nearly 5,000 acres of wetlands right smack-dab in the middle of one of the largest , most productive and most valuable sockeye fisheries on earth . The Wild Salmon Center and Trout Unlimited have looked at this proposal as well . The destruction they foresee is biblical : up to 10.8 billion tons of rock waste . If you were to load all that waste onto train cars , the train would stretch to the moon ... five times . The mine would require 9 miles of dams , some of them taller than the Washington Monument . God forbid one of them failed in earthquake-prone Alaska . "  The problem with Pebble is its size , type and location , " said Tim Bristol of Trout Unlimited . Bristol notes that the mine would be far bigger than all the other mines in Alaska combined , digging down nearly a mile into the earth straddling the two major drainages of Bristol Bay , the Nushagak and Kvichak , two of the world 's greatest producers of sockeye and Chinook salmon . The ore body itself contains a huge amount of acid-generating waste rock . "  Imagine a lake of dilute sulfuric acid , " he says , making my skin crawl . "  A sulfuric lake that must be contained and monitored essentially forever . And this would be happening in one of the more seismically active places anywhere . It 's the last place to mine not the first . " To be sure , there are other voices in the debate . The Washington Post editorial board , has hypothesized that the mining companies "  can , for example , build extremely high and strong tailings dams , engineering the whole project beyond what standard industry practices would dictate . " And the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , the powerful lobby for big business , has mocked the EPA 's dire warning , saying the agency has let its imagination run wild . Still , a clear majority of Alaskans said they opposed Pebble Mine in a poll sponsored by the Bristol Bay Native Corporation , which represents more than 9,000 Eskimio , Aleut , and Athabascans with ancestral ties to Bristol Bay . Perhaps Alaskans see this as a situation in which a handful of business people with un-calloused hands and expensive suits get the gold mine , but Alaskans get the shaft . All so some corporate consortium can sell more copper and gold to the Chinese . Fortunately , under the Clean Water Act , the EPA has the authority to stop the devastation before it 's too late . All they have to do is use it . Under the Clean Water Act , the EPA can block the mine if it would have an "  unacceptable adverse impact " on  among other things  "  fishery areas  including spawning and breeding areas  , wildlife or recreational areas . " EPA should use the power Congress gave it to protect Bristol Bay . The stakes are historic . Just as Teddy Roosevelt is remembered for saving Yellowstone , President Obama and his new EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy can go down in history as the visionary leaders who saved the salmon . Even if you have never heard a fishing reel sing as line is stripped out by a wild salmon ; even if you 've never heard your child scream "  Fish on ! " ; if you 've never felt the pull of a fighting fish or even tasted succulent fresh Alaskan salmon , you have a stake in stopping Pebble Mine . An environmental stake , an economic stake , a moral stake . Years ago my father shook his head and grinned as I stood in chest-deep water in 39-degree weather and caught my first Alaskan salmon on a fly in the driving rain . This summer it was my turn for my heart to swell with parental pride as my sons out-fished me in Alaska . So I feel a special obligation to ensure that magnificent habitat is around for their children and grandchildren and on and on for another 4,000 years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	Paul Begala says Alaska boasts a pristine salmon fishing region He says Bristol Bay is threatened by proposal to build big mine for copper , gold Begala says EPA found it would threaten streams and wetlands He urges EPA to use its authority to block the plan for the mine
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A lawsuit filed in California against Kellogg , Brown and Root on Wednesday alleges the company and its subcontractor were involved in a human trafficking plan that forced Nepali men to work against their will in Iraq . The lawyer and relatives of men who were employed by KBR and allegedly sent to Iraq without their consent . The men , between the ages of 18 and 27 , were recruited in Nepal and told they would be doing work in hotel and restaurant kitchens in Amman , Jordan , but were sent instead to Iraq to work at a U.S. air base , according to the lawsuit . The lawsuit alleges KBR , based in Houston , Texas , and Daoud & Partners , a Jordan-based subcontractor , engineered the trafficking scheme . A KBR spokeswoman would not comment directly on the allegations but released a statement defending the company . "  KBR has not yet seen the lawsuit so it is premature for us to comment at this time . The safety and security of all employees and those the company serves remains KBR 's top priority . The company in no way condones or tolerates unethical or illegal behavior , " KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne said in a statement e-mailed to CNN . "  Each employee is expected to adhere to the company 's Code of Business Conduct and complete ethics training , which includes TIPS  Trafficking in Persons  information , " Browne continued . Efforts by CNN to reach Daoud were unsuccessful . When the Nepali men arrived in Jordan , according to the lawsuit , the contractors took their passports and drove them into Iraq . Mathew Handley , a lawyer with Cohen , Milstein , Hausfeld & Toll , which filed the lawsuit , said about 70 Nepali men were driven into Iraq in a large convoy of civilian vehicles . One of the lead vehicles was ahead of the convoy and was stopped by insurgents posing as Iraqi Police . Twelve of the Nepali men were taken by the insurgents and later killed . "  As the men were being transported to Iraq , a car containing twelve of the men was stopped by members of the Ansar al-Sunna Army , an insurgent group . The 12 men in the car were taken hostage and executed by the insurgents , " according to a statement on the law firm 's Web site . A 13th man , Buddi Prasad Gurung , was not kidnapped and arrived at the U.S. Al Asad air base in western Iraq in August 2004 . Gurung worked in a warehouse managed by KBR and was released 15 months later by the company , according to the law firm . Gurung and the families of the 12 men who were killed have brought the lawsuit . Handley says the other Nepali workers who were sent to Iraq with Gurung did not come forward for the lawsuit after they were eventually released from KBR . "  Their families went deep into debt to arrange the jobs , which they hoped would lift them out of poverty , " according to the lawsuit . The case garnered the attention of the Department of Defense Inspector General 's office after a number of news reports about KBR involvement in trafficking . The department concluded an investigation in April 2006 . "  The primary finding concluded that the U.S. Government had no jurisdiction over the persons , offenses , or circumstances that resulted in the Nepalese deaths , " according to the final report . The report also concluded that the events happened "  before starting their employment with KBR . " However , the case led to increased awareness and enforcement of trafficking laws by the U.S. military .	Suit claims that Nepali men were told they would work in kitchens in Jordan They were instead sent to Iraq where they were captured and killed , suit says KBR issued statement defending company but not directly addressing allegations
CNN  -- After plummeting for three months , gas prices are working their way back up , according to a survey published Sunday . The average price of a gallon of regular is $ 3.32 , up more than 6 cents from three weeks earlier , the Lundberg Survey found . Over 11 weeks between October and late December , the average dropped 58 cents a gallon . Crude oil prices have jumped , triggering higher prices at the pump , said publisher Trilby Lundberg . "  Refiners have passed through only about half of the price hike that they received . So if crude oil prices stay approximately where they are , we will see a few more cents at the pump -- maybe 5 or 6 cents  per gallon  in the coming days . " Demand is generally lowest in January , so it is not expected to be a factor pushing up gas prices any time soon . The current price is about 3 cents lower than it was a year ago . The Lundberg Survey tabulates prices at thousands of gas stations nationwide . The highest average found in the latest survey was in New York 's Long Island , at $ 3.75 per gallon . The lowest was in Salt Lake City , at $ 2.76 . Taxes are part of what causes such difference in prices in different areas . Here are the latest averages in some other cities : Boston - $ 3.53 Atlanta - $ 3.35 Birmingham , Alabama - $ 3.17 Chicago - $ 3.45 El Paso , Texas - $ 2.99 Tulsa , Oklahoma - $ 2.92 Tucson , Arizona - $ 2.85 Seattle - $ 3.43 Los Angeles - $ 3.65	After plummeting for 11 weeks , gas prices are inching back up , a survey finds Expect them to jump a bit more in the coming days , the publisher says The highest average in the survey is in Long Island ; the lowest is in Salt Lake City
CNN  -- A Utah woman lied about her 4-year-old daughter having cancer -- including to the girl and the girl 's father -- to scam donations in her community , investigators said . The mother , Abreail Denise "  Abby " Winkler , 30 , "  told the girl she had cancer and that she would be treated . When she was around her dad , the little girl would talk about having cancer , " said Keith Campbell , assistant chief of the Vernal Police Department . Winkler was charged with one count of communications fraud , a third degree felony , according to court documents . She was booked into the Uintah County Jail and posted a $ 5,000 bond . "  In early July we started the investigation and quickly determined that Abreail Winkler had told people in the community that the 4-year-old had leukemia . During the investigation , it was determined that the child never had leukemia . No records for treatments were located , " Cambpell said . Woman pleads guilty in Newtown fundraising scheme Investigators said donors who gave a total of more than $ 3,000 want their money back for "  getting duped , " said Campbell . "  She was n't actively going door to door , but our local high school drill team did a fund-raiser for her , and so did a private dance teacher and private donors , " he said . Two men charged with running 9/11 scam The child 's father did not live in the same home as the mother , Campbell said . The father told investigators that "  when he inquired about the cancer , he was told not to worry about it because the child was receiving treatment . " Winkler 's initial appearance is scheduled for September 9 . Read more : N.Y. woman arraigned in One Fund Boston scam	Police : Utah woman tells daughter , girl 's dad , community girl has cancer to get donations Abreail Denise "  Abby " Winkler , 30 , collected more than $ 3,000 , Vernal police allege "  When she was around her dad , the little girl would talk about having cancer , " police say Winkler is charged with communications fraud , court papers say
Minneapolis , Minnesota  CNN  -- For 13-year-old Arrianna Merritt , the words mother and hero go hand in hand . Three years ago Sunday Arrianna watched her mother Kim Dahl drive a school bus loaded with children across the Mississippi River when the bridge began to buckle up and down . Thirteen people were killed in the bridge collapse in Minneapolis , Minnesota . What Arrianna remembers most was the choice her mother made that day after the bus became tilted upward on a steep incline . "  Either you let us free fall -- or you hold that brake to the ground and you stay where you are . " Dahl held the brake with her foot until she could reach for the parking brake . Millions of viewers saw the jaw-dropping images of the school bus as it teetered on the edge of a broken stretch of highway , with nothing but a guard rail separating it from a deadly fall . Arrianna sat in the bus with her brother , 50 other children and eight adults . The bus "  went up , and then it went down , " Dahl recalls , adding it soon turned into free fall and she was "  hanging on for dear life . " "  I thought ` this is it , ' I 'm not getting out , and I 'm going to die . " The new 35W bridge : Is it the safest in America ? With the parking brake on , Dahl kept the bus in place while everyone made it out the rear emergency door safely . Arrianna , 10 at the time , and her then-5-year-old brother David , were the last ones and had refused to get off with the others . "  We did n't want to leave our mom , " David , now 8 , remembers . "  I 'm like ` get your butts off the bus , ' " Dahl said . They eventually did . Dahl says she managed to break free herself after a jolt on the bridge seemed to release her seatbelt , which had been stuck . Since that day , those on the bridge and their loved ones have never been the same . This particular mother-daughter pair say they 've always had a tight bond but Arrianna says she and her mother have grown even closer since their ordeal . "  We 've always been close , but I think after the accident we got closer because we shared the same experience and we know what its like , " Arrianna said . The physical reminders of that day often overshadow the emotional ones . "  It does hurt to see my mom in pain because she cant do the things that she used to love to do . " Dahl broke her back in the fall and that 's been the primary cause of complications since . "  It 's like a new me that I 'm living with , " Dahl said . "  It 's almost like your freedom is taken away ... I ca n't go grocery shopping by myself because I ca n't lift the milk up and put it in the cart . " "  My kids and my husband -- I could n't ask for a better family , " Dahl said . "  I mean my kids step up and do a lot of the work that I ca n't do or help me do things that I ca n't do . They 're pretty good about saying ` yea . ' " "  I do n't know if life will ever be normal like it was before July of '07 and prior , but we 've made the best for it , " said Dave Dahl . "  We 've adjusted our lives , we 've changed our lifestyles . But we 've just got to be positive . " Dave Dahl reminds himself that things could have been worse . "  Our family unit here in this house is five people , " he says . "  Within an instant it could have been two . " Arrianna in particular has taken on a number of duties , like cleaning the bathrooms and doing the laundry , that she says has taught her how to be "  a grown-up . " "  Most of the time when my mom is in the hospital or getting surgeries , I have to step in and be the surrogate mother to my younger siblings , " Arrianna explains . The family also includes another daughter , Brianna , age 11 . "  And my dad is working a lot of the time so he kind of does n't have much time . " "  It kind of teaches me to grow up some and how to be a grownup and what it 's like . " She adds it can get difficult once in awhile , but these days she simply reminds herself who she 's doing it for . "  Now I kind of understand why I have to stand in and why sometimes I have to be the adult . " Kim Dahl deals with PTSD , as well , and still sees a therapist twice a month . And while Arrianna no longer has therapy sessions of her own , occasionally she still struggles . Kim Dahl is among 122 victims and their families who 've filed suit against URS Corp. , an engineering and construction firm hired by Minnesota DOT to conduct engineering analysis on the bridge before it collapsed . A federal investigative report blamed the collapse on support plates that were too thin , and increased weight on the bridge from construction equipment . The amount of punitive damages plaintiffs are seeking against URS is "  hard to say , " said Dahl 's attorney Bill Harper , who estimated it could be as much as $ 100 million . "  URS was hired by the state to make sure the integrity of the bridge was safe for the public , " Harper said Wednesday . "  They did not do what they promised to do -- and as a result -- that bridge collapsed . " Attorneys for URS said the company 's "  work was unrelated to the causes of the bridge collapse . ... URS did not design the bridge , was never asked to verify the bridge 's original design , and did not know the bridge 's original design was defective . " Hennepin County District Judge Deborah Hedlund is expected to rule on punitive damages by mid-October . Painful reminders On Tuesday Kim Dahl and Arrianna visited the site of the collapse -- where the new I-35 West bridge stands . The sound of a jackhammer in the distance is enough to remind Arrianna of the construction noise taking place on the bridge at the time of the accident . It brings her to tears . Thankfully mom is nearby . "  She is kind of like my counselor because she listens , " Arrianna said . She no longer needs a therapist , but it 's these rare moments when mom comes in handy . And occasionally , Arrianna says , their roles are reversed . She recalls hearing her mother sometimes say things about how life would be easier if none of this had ever happened . Arrianna 's advice ? "  You need to move on , and you need to be strong and live your life to the fullest . " Those are words the family is living by . Kim Dahl has had to give up what her husband Dave Dahl would call the "  wilder motor sports , " and the five of them have taken on a new hobby : road trips . Kim Dahl says she 'll never be able to drive a bus again -- something she misses more than anything . She had the same bus routes for years and knew the kids and their parents well . But the family camper may be the next best thing . So far , they 've made it as far as Florida to the east and Colorado to the west . "  My mom could never afford it ... we never went anywhere , " Kim Dahl recalls of her childhood . "  And we went on -LSB- our -RSB- first trip and it was just awesome . To learn stuff and to see stuff was just amazing . " As Dave Dahl describes it , there 's "  no stress , there 's no itinerary , nothing , we just go . " "  Wherever we get is where we get , " he adds . "  We kind of have a goal of where we like to be in the end . " Given the path Kim Dahl and her loved ones have traveled since 2007 , that phrase could be the family motto too .	Mom helped save 52 kids , eight adults after '07 Minneapolis bridge collapse Ordeal of surviving the collapse of 1,900-foot bridge changed her family forever Mother , daughter bonded tightly , returning to the bridge site 3 years later Mother 's health issues from the collapse forced daughter "  to be a grownup "
Washington  CNN  -- In the Secret Service , there is pre-Kennedy and post-Kennedy . The shots fired by Lee Harvey Oswald that killed President John F. Kennedy on November 22 , 1963 , set in motion a series of reforms to the Secret Service , the agency in charge of protecting America 's most powerful leaders . In the 50 years since the assassination of America 's 35th president , the Secret Service force has increased nearly tenfold and its budget grown by roughly 58 % a year . The organization that exists today has 3,400 agents and budget of $ 1.6 billion , a significant increase from the 350 agents and budget of $ 5.5 million in 1963 , according to Secret Service spokesman Special Agent Brian Leary . "  As the threats change , the Secret Service has changed , " Leary said . The Warren Commission , established after the Kennedy assassination , created the "  intelligence division " designed to expand and improve relations with other agencies , including state and local law enforcement and mental health institutions , and the "  technical security division " that assesses the security of an environment , including air quality and fire safety . In the 1970s the organization expanded to include a counter-sniper unit and counter-assault teams . 50 years on , nation pauses to remember Kennedy 's death The uncovered limousine that Kennedy rode through Dallas a half-century ago is hard to imagine in today . According to former agent Jerry Blaine , who co-wrote "  The Kennedy Detail " and was with the former president when he was shot , Kennedy chafed at the close proximity of his protective detail and was quoted saying "  Have the Ivy League charlatans drop back to the follow-up car ... we 've got an election coming up . The whole point is for me to be accessible to the people . " Today , President Barack Obama is transported in a limousine known as "  The Beast , " which could be described as an armored safe on wheels . Its doors alone weigh as much as those on a Boeing 757 , according to a Discovery Channel special on the Secret Service . Obama has called the car "  a fortified limousine " and while in Tanzania earlier this year contrasted the current state of presidential travel with that of Robert F. Kennedy , who visited the country while he was a U.S. senator in 1966 . JFK assassination a collective memory for American children "  It was a little different back then . Kennedy and his wife , Ethel , rode in the back of an open truck , " Obama said at the state house in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania in July . "  The Secret Service has me and Michelle inside a fortified limousine . We call it ` The Beast . ' As Kennedy 's truck made its way through the crowds , he picked up two boys and let them ride alongside them . The Secret Service does n't let me do these things . " Leary also pointed to other present-day protocols , including covered arrivals and departures , extensive use of magnetometers and separation from the media , many of which were instituted after the March 1981 assassination attempt on President Ronald Reagan and designed to increase the safety of America 's presidents . For agents who receive months of extensive training , historic events like those targeted attacks on Kennedy and Reagan serve as moments from which to learn . Leary said agents "  learn from all incidents " to improve upon protective operations , which extend beyond the commander in chief . 5 things you might not know about JFK 's assassination Former presidents , their spouses and children were added to the protected list in 1965 , major candidates and their spouses in 1968 , foreign heads of state in 1971 and the coordination of special events like inaugurations in 1998 . The extensive vetting process of presidential site visits , known as "  advance , " has also grown . Leary described the advance protocols as "  comprehensive " and said they include close cooperation with state and local officials surrounding everything from the president 's arrival at the airport to the motorcade route . It 's a process , about which the president references , most recently , at least publicly , at a June fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee in Miami Beach . "  Opening up your house is a big deal on any occasion . When you 've got Secret Service and everybody else running around , moving furniture , potentially bumping into that painting that 's probably worth a lot of money ... that makes you more stressed , " Obama told Democratic donors . "  So can you all please move away from the painting ? Just wanted to make that point . " And just as often , a more serious tone from the president about his protection is expressed . "  As president , I get to meet and work with a lot of extraordinary law enforcement officers every single day , from men and women who protect me and my family -- the folks in the Secret Service -- to local police who help out on motorcades in events around the country , " Obama said at a Top Cops ceremony at the White House in May . "  I 'm incredibly grateful that all these law enforcement officers are doing such outstanding work . 50 years later , Jackie Kennedy 's pink suit locked away from view	The assassination of JFK set in motion a series of reforms to the Secret Service Secret Service today has 3,400 agents compared to 350 when JFK was assassinated The agency 's budget has increased from $ 5.5 million in 1963 to $ 1.6 billion over 50 years Spokesman : "  As the threats change , the Secret Service has changed "
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- A 100-inch , high definition screen projects an intense college basketball game . Massage therapists rub the nervous tensions of men and women away . Scissors skillfully cut men 's hair . Two chandeliers adorn the main room , complimented by brick walls and a glass bar that doubles as a retail counter . Sean Heywood , right , and Kumi Walker own MR. , a barbershop and wine bar in San Francisco , California . This is not your typical barbershop . And that has always been the vision of owners Kumi Walker and Sean Heywood . "  We are literally trying to create a new version of the country club golf experience . But we 're replacing golf with haircuts , and we 're putting it in urban environments , " says Heywood . MR.  for mister  is their first business venture . It 's an upscale barbershop , wine bar and lounge in the financial district of San Francisco where memberships cost $ 65 to $ 250 a month . In addition to the basic services , those who become members benefit from exclusive services like golf putting clinics and human resource workshops . "  We 're trying to thrive , not just survive , " Heywood said . MR. takes the cultural aspect of the black barbershop experience and modernizes it , making it a place where businesspeople of all races can network . "  We looked at our social lives , and we had black friends , Asian friends , Latino friends , white friends . We would do a lot of things socially together , but when it came to getting our hair cut , we would all split up , " Walker says . Watch Walker talk about the difficulty of starting and running a business " The two entrepreneurs are bridging a cultural divide , and also giving back to the community . They offer free lifetime memberships to MR. to those in good standing with a re-entry program called Back on Track . Among other things , Back on Track offers first-time , low-level criminal offenders GED preparation , tutoring , money-management instruction and job training and placement . And that 's where MR. steps in . The membership provides them with one free haircut , trim , and shoeshine monthly . "  We 'll take care of their grooming so that they do n't have to . And they 're ready for all the different jobs that they pursue going forward , " Walker says . Giving back is paramount for the entrepreneurs . And the story of one black business district in Tulsa , Oklahoma , inspires them . It was known as Black Wall Street , and it was destroyed in a race riot and fire 88 years ago . "  All of the businesses that we wanted to create , we wanted to encompass the culture of , if that community still existed today , what it would look like , " says Walker , who says he read about the riot six years ago . Imagine a credit union , a barbershop , a library , and men in freshly pressed suits with top hats sauntering on sidewalks . The melodic sounds of jazz flow into the streets from several nightclubs . A thriving community of black-owned businesses serve their clientele across a 42-block area . That was the community that existed in the segregated neighborhood of Greenwood from 1830 to 1921 . But on the evening of May 31 , 1921 , white mobs entered Greenwood with torches and guns . Black residents gathered to protect a young man accused of assaulting a white woman . When the smoke from fires cleared on June 1 , more than 1,000 homes , businesses and other institutions were burned or destroyed , according to the report of the Oklahoma Commission to Study the Tulsa Race Riot of 1921 . "  People came and said , ` Run , they are shooting people , ' " says Wess Young , who was 4 then . "  We evacuated . They were destroying everything . " The death toll has been debated for years , because many victims were dumped in mass graves . An American Red Cross estimate puts the total at 300 , much higher than the 36 reported by local officials . The riot devastated the social underpinnings of the Greenwood community and leveled a black economic force . Greenwood was rebuilt , but it never recovered . "  It was a really tragic end to thriving businesses . I think we 'd be a lot further ahead had that area been able to continue to thrive , " says Walker . Wess Young and his family rebuilt their lives in Tulsa . When asked what he thought America would be like if the Tulsa race riot had not happened , he answers without hesitation , "  We would have had a black president before now . ... He has done a good job , but we -LSB- blacks are -RSB- still in a box . " His advice to people is to let go of the past once they 've learned from it . "  Hate will destroy your whole universe -- got to learn how to forgive , but never forget , " Young says . Walker says these stories of black struggle and survival motivate him . "  I stand on the shoulders of my ancestors , " he says . "  I just want to be as successful as possible so I can turn around and be mentors and sponsors to other people who come after me . "	Entrepreneur read about famed Black Wall Street that was destroyed in 1921 He and partner created modern barbershop to honor memory of district Black Wall Street burned to ground during massive race riot in Tulsa , Oklahoma Tulsa race riot survivor : "  Learn how to forgive , but never forget "
CNN  -- Actor-director Gary Sinise has touched the lives of thousands of U.S. service members . Sinise often travels overseas to honor and entertain the troops with his Lt. Dan Band , and his Gary Sinise Foundation helps support them when they return home . CNN 's Denise Quan recently spoke with Sinise about CNN Heroes and his philanthropy , which also assists civilian first responders . Below are excerpts from that interview . Denise Quan : What is the Gary Sinise Foundation ? Gary Sinise : Over the past 10 or so years , I have been very active with a lot of military charities , a lot of first-responder charities . ... It became clear that , in order for me to continue at the pace that I 'm at without having to travel all the time , I needed an entity that I could use to draw in funds and point people in the right direction with regard to military and first-responder support . Quan : Why is this cause important to you ? Sinise : I have veterans in my family . On my wife 's side , I have Vietnam veterans . I remember all too well what happened to them when they came home from war . On my side , I have veterans . My dad was in the Navy , my uncles were in World War II , and my grandfather served in World War I. I have great respect for our veterans . And then I played one in "  Forrest Gump " and I got involved with the Disabled American Veterans organization , and I became keenly aware of what people who lose their limbs and parts of their body have sacrificed in service of their country . So I feel it 's important to keep them strong and do what I can to let them know that I 'm a grateful American for what they provide , which is freedom for me and my children . Quan : How did the Lt. Dan Band get started ? Sinise : I started taking a group of musicians with me to visit our troops in 2004 . Prior to that , I would just go out and shake hands and take pictures and sign autographs and just pat them on the back and say "  thank you " and sit down to have dinner with them -- just let them know they were appreciated . And eventually I asked the USO if they would let me take a group of musicians so I could entertain the troops at the same time , and they said "  sure . " I happened to have these guys that I played with out of Chicago . And my buddy Kimo Williams and I put some more guys and gals together , and we have a band of 13 people now . It 's a big , big show . We 've been all over the world several times . We probably will do 14 , 15 USO shows this year alone . It 's a good feeling to see the smiles on these people 's faces . When I go over to Afghanistan , for example , and you 're out there in the war zone and you bring those people together and you play for them , it 's a great feeling to see them having a great time . Quan : What was it about CNN Heroes that made you want to be a part of it ? Sinise : It 's highlighting average Americans and what they do on a daily basis to serve and to give back . I 'm glad CNN has created the Heroes project , because it 's something that makes you feel good when you see what can be done and what people are doing out there in the shadows . A lot of people do n't know the extraordinary sacrifice and service of certain people . And when these kinds of things are highlighted through a campaign like this , I think it gives incentive to other people : "  Hey , wait a minute . There are things I can do in my community , even if it 's small . " Sinise and his band 's efforts to support the troops are chronicled in the documentary "  Lt. Dan Band : For the Common Good . "	Acclaimed actor Gary Sinise : I 'm grateful for the freedom that our troops provide His Gary Sinise Foundation provides support for veterans and civilian first responders One of Sinise 's iconic roles was a disabled veteran in "  Forrest Gump " He says he also has many veterans in his family
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As many of the world 's industries struggle in the face of global economic hardship , the inaugural Abu Dhabi Yacht Show went ahead earlier this month . On show : The recent Abu Dhabi Yacht Show attracted some of the world 's biggest super-yachts . Showcasing some of the top super-yachts in existence , the show symbolizes a luxury industry which is still thriving in the area . At the show , Sheikh Mohammed Bin Zayed Al Nahyan , Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi , said the United Arab Emirates is becoming one of the world 's greatest super-yacht hubs . "  This show demonstrates Abu Dhabi 's commitment to be recognized as a global super-yacht player at the same level as leading centers in the Mediterranean and the Caribbean , " he said . Abu Dhabi Tourism Authority chairman , Sheikh Sultan Bin Tahnoon Al Nahyan , hailed the event as proof that the region was still growing and performing well economically . "  It is a clear indication of continuing international confidence in this emirate 's robust and resilient economy . " Evidence of positive developments in the region 's luxury yacht industry is written all over the emirate . In addition to the yachting infrastructure already complete in Abu Dhabi , a marina is planned on Saadiyat Island , in the historic marine district of Al Bateen . Another marina is planned on Yas Island , where there will be a dedicated mega-yacht marina . In total , 16 new marinas are planned in Abu Dhabi in the next decade . The inaugural Abu Dhabi show also attracted 20 of the world 's top super-yachts with a combined value of more than $ 500 million . Most of the globe 's top brokers were also in attendance . Senior yacht broker at Burgess Yachts , Rupert Nelson , told CNN that Abu Dhabi is committing to the industry -- a move which should help the emirate stay one step ahead of other destinations . "  Across the globe this year there has been a huge slow down , but in the Gulf they do n't seem to be too worried about it . " Burgess Yachts recently sold a Dubai-built super-yacht called Al Hanem for just under $ 20 million , he added . Although the industry faces a number of challenges in the Gulf region , Nelson said the growth of marinas , yacht-builders , brokers and other related business should help to create jobs . "  The size of boats there is growing , the number of yachts there is growing ... and it seems they want to continue , " he told CNN . The question on many lips is whether this growing industry could help the United Arab Emirates , and the wider Gulf region , survive the worst of the wider economic downturn . Probably not , is the answer from regional business experts . But it may ease some of the pain Middle East business expert and author of "  Dubai & Co : Global Strategies for Doing Business in the Gulf States , " Aamir A. Rehman , told CNN there are reasons for both optimism and pessimism in the Gulf luxury sector . Earlier this year Rolls Royce reported Abu Dhabi and Dubai had become the biggest and second-biggest markets for their cars after a 48 percent jump in sales during 2008 compared with 2007 . Rehman said Rolls Royce 's results of were promising for the wider luxury industry -- and could also indicate potential growth for the super-yacht industry . "  Transportation and the entire infrastructure around transport are important to the Gulf Cooperation Council  GCC  . There 's significant investment being made in transportation , suggesting potential for growth in related industries . " However , despite the high-profile nature of the luxury yacht industry , Rehman feels there are still limitations . "  The Gulf is a relatively small market overall and the number of high-end buyers , while substantial , may be limited compared to regions with larger population bases . " Liz Martins , head of Middle East and North Africa in the Country Risk department at Business Monitor International , told CNN the current economic climate would have a lasting impact on the luxury sector . "  I think it 's an area where people will cut back . There 's still a lot of wealth out there but some of these people have lost a lot of money . " Martins said the boom period of the last decade had reached unsustainable levels of growth and , although the Gulf region does n't have a "  saving culture " she predicted some changes . "  We 're not forecasting recession for many Gulf states ... but the last few years have been debt-fueled boom and I just do n't see things getting back to what they have been . " Subscribe to SuperYachtWorld COPYRIGHT © 2009 IPC MEDIA LTD. . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED	The inaugural Abu Dhabi Yacht Show was held this month Super-yachts are growing in popularity in the Gulf region Abu Dhabi wants to become world 's top super yacht destination Experts say it is unlikely luxury yacht industry will have big impact on the economy
London  CNN  -- The British Wildlife Photography Awards 2013 are celebrating the beauty of Great Britain 's nature . A photo of a dolphin surfing in the waves off Northern Ireland is this year 's overall winner . Titled "  In the Living Room , " it was taken by photographer George Karbus , a Czech photographer who is based in Ireland . Karbus was diving with his camera off the coast in Northern Ireland when he spotted a bottlenose dolphin . "  I 've had quite a few encounters with dolphins there before but that day I was just looking to capture some underwater rolling barrel shots when I got a present of this incredibly playful dolphin , which joined me for some underwater body surfing for a few waves and then left , " he said of the winning picture . "  My favorite place on Earth is Ireland , " he said . "  After nine years of living here I still get amazed by its coastal beauty and everything it has to offer . " Other pictures include owl chicks peeking out of a tree hole , tiny fungi in front of massive trees , eerie underwater world inhabitants , and a deer in a housing estate . The photographs are exhibited at The Mall Galleries in London until September 7 . A book featuring all images from the awards will be published later in September . The British Wildlife Photography Awards were established four years ago to recognize the talents of wildlife photographers working in Britain and raise awareness for the country 's biodiversity and habitats .	British Wildlife Photography Awards showcase nature 's beauty A photo of a surfing dolphin picture won overall prize Photographs are on show in London
Hamid Dabashi is the author of "  Iran : A People Interrupted . " He is Hagop Kevorkian Professor of Iranian Studies and Comparative Literature at Columbia University in New York . His Web site is http://www.hamiddabashi.com/ . Hamid Dabashi says Muslim Americans can send a powerful message of support for Baha'i minority in Iran . CNN  -- In their latest communique regarding the fate of seven arrested members of the Baha'i religious minority in Iran , Amnesty International has expressed grave concern they may face the death penalty if they are found guilty of the charges of "  espionage for Israel , " "  insulting religious sanctities , " and "  propaganda against the system . " As the Islamic Republic of Iran experiences the most serious challenge to its legitimacy in its 30-year history , the vulnerability of religious and ethnic minorities is the most accurate barometer of the crisis that all Iranians face in these dire circumstances . Of all the various Iranian minorities , the Baha'i community historically has been the weakest and most vulnerable . The world 's attention is rightly drawn to the fate of prominent reformists charged with treason , and to the arbitrary arrest , torture , rape and murder of young Iranians . But the fate of the Iranian Baha'is should not be eclipsed under the cloud of other civil rights abuses , for they represent much more than their own small community . Minorities have always been at the mercy of belligerent authorities , particularly when they face a crisis of legitimacy . Kurds in western Iran , Arabic-speaking communities in the south , Azaris in the north , as well as Turkmans and Baluchis in the east have been at the forefront of such discriminations , which has in turn instigated chronic separatist movements in these areas . At the same time , Iranian Zoroastrians , Jews and Armenians have also faced varied degrees of discrimination , at official or cultural levels and registers , as they have joined their Muslim brothers and sisters in opposing domestic tyranny and foreign intervention alike . Among all these minorities , the Baha'is remain the most fragile in part because of intra-Shia sectarian hostilities that go back to mid-19th century and the rise of a vastly popular messianic movement known as Babism , of which the contemporary Baha'is are an offshoot . Its adherents consider themselves the followers of an entirely new religion , in fact the very latest Iranian monotheistic faith with over five million followers scattered over 200 countries . While other religious minorities are specifically protected under the Constitution of the Islamic Republic , this is not the case for the Baha'is . Article 13 of the Constitution has specifically and exclusively recognized Zoroastrian , Jewish and Christian Iranians as "  the only recognized religious minorities , who , within the limits of the law , are free to perform their religious rites and ceremonies , and to act according to their own canon in matters of personal affairs and religious education . " The word "  only " in this article seems specifically designed to exclude the Baha'is from this clause . Having the same effect , Article 14 of the Constitution stipulates the constitutional protection of the minorities to be exclusive to those "  who refrain from engaging in conspiracy or activity against Islam and the Islamic Republic of Iran . The location of the Baha'i holy sites in Haifa , Israel , has been a principal source of harassment and intimidation against the Baha'is . This goes back to the late Ottoman period and obviously predates the establishment of the Jewish state in 1948 . It 's also something over which the Baha'is have had no control . In the face of systematic abuse of civil liberties of the Baha'is , there is very little that the American government can do , particularly in the aftermath of the Bush presidency and eight years of widespread Islamophobia in the United States that did not leave even the last presidential campaign unscathed . Having waged war on two Muslim nations , the U.S. government is in the least favorable position to defend the rights of non-Muslim minorities in their own homeland . In addition , during the eight years of Bush presidency , and in the aftermath of the events of 9/11 , being a Muslim became a liability in the United States , creating PR problems even for President Obama 's middle name . It was not until former Secretary of State Colin Powell came out strongly against such vilification of Muslims that a prominent public figure put the problem on the national consciousness . As much as the U.S. government is in the worst position to come to the Baha'is ' aid , Muslim Americans are perfectly poised to voice their outrage against the abuse of religious minorities in Iran or anywhere else in the Muslim world , for they know what it feels like to be a political pariah and a religious minority in an overwhelmingly alternate context . Since the terrifying events of 9/11 , American Muslim communities have endured much religious and racial profiling and suspicion , as they have seen the terms and icons sacrosanct to their faith maligned and ridiculed in Western Europe , North America and Australia . Multiply that experience many times and extend it back to the late 19th century and that would be the experience of the Iranian Baha'is , trapped inside their own homeland , banned from or exercising the terms of their own sacrosanct principles . The experiences of Muslims as a minority here in the United States , or in Europe for that matter , gives them a unique position to raise their voice against the abuse of non-Muslim minorities in Iran and the rest of the Muslim world . In a world now defined by the presence of multiple faiths inside many nations and as American Muslims learn to come together to protect their own constitutional rights in an old democracy , it would only be fitting if they were to raise their voice in defense of other religious minorities seeking to secure their basic rights to religious liberties in countries aspiring to become democracies . The fate of Iranian Baha'is is not only a matter of their fundamental civil rights in the context of any republic , Islamic or otherwise . It is the very cornerstone of democratic citizenship without which the Muslim majority of Iranians is denied their constitutional protection . Watch the fate of the Iranian Baha'is carefully . The day they are free to practice their religion without fear , Iranians at large will have finally secured their civil liberties . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi .	Hamid Dabashi : Seven Baha'is on trial in Iran , perhaps for their lives He says the Iranian regime does n't support freedom for the Baha'i minority He says Muslim Americans are in unique position to speak out for Baha'is in Iran He says when Baha'is are granted liberty , all Iranians will have civil rights
CNN  -- There are typically two types of comic book movies -- movies like "  Ghost Rider " and movies like "  Batman Begins . " That is , there are some comics that should be really good movies , but because of a bad script , director or actors  sometimes all of the above  they end up cinematic duds like "  Ghost Rider . " And there are some comics that make the transition to the big screen really well with the help of great writers , directors and actors , like "  Batman Begins . " Movie producers are bringing a fairly serious comic book character , DC Comics ' "  Jonah Hex , "  played by Josh Brolin  to the big screen on Friday . The trailer from Warner Brothers  whose parent company , Time Warner , also owns CNN  looks like it 's anything but . Early reviews are n't kind . By mid-Friday morning , the film had earned a rotten 11-percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes . If you 're not already familiar with the character , here 's the gist : As a boy , Jonah Hex 's drunk and abusive father sells him to an Apache tribe . Hex lives with the Apaches as a slave but wins the favor of the chief and becomes a free member . He gets separated from the tribe as an adult , ends up fighting for the Confederates in the Civil War -- even accidentally shooting Stonewall Jackson -- and ultimately wanders out West . But when he comes back to the tribe , a fight with a rival leads to his banishment and a new life as a bounty hunter . See Techland 's brief history of Jonah Hex . The original run of the comic spanned the 1970s and 1980s , but the title was revived in the early 1990s and more recently in 2006 . In later issues of the first run , Hex would be pulled through time , meeting up with Batman and a handful of other DC superheroes . "  Jonah Hex " falls prey to a common problem with comics-turned-movies : The stories span years , sometimes decades . Most fans are only familiar with a comic book 's story from the point when they start reading . But even so , fans of Jonah Hex know him as the star of a Western comic , not a superhero comic . Hollywood producers , however , know DC Comics as a powerhouse of superheroes , and they seem to have different expectations of "  Jonah Hex . " Based on the trailer , Hex now has mystical and magical abilities to raise and speak with the dead . His place in the Civil War is downplayed . There are no major characters who are Native American . Megan Fox stars as a gun toting prostitute , a never-before-seen friend of our hero . And "  Q " from the James Bond franchise apparently had forerunners in frontier towns who provide Hex with horse-mounted Gatling guns and hand-held , dynamite-firing crossbows . Hex 's story should make a good movie . "  Jonah Hex " should be one of those comic-based movies that does n't need many changes to work . But instead of trying to stay true to the comic , it appears that producers are hoping to attract a casual movie-going audience by sacrificing the original flavor of the character and story . The result appears to be a campy movie that alienates both fans and regular moviegoers . Looks like we 're in "  Ghost Rider " territory .	The storyline for "  Jonah Hex " comic books spans decades DC 's title portrays Hex as a Western vigilante , not a superhero "  Jonah Hex " the movie looks like it will be very different from the comic
London  CNN  -- Computer hacker Gary McKinnon will face no charges in the United Kingdom over what the U.S. government says is the biggest military computer hacking of all time , British prosecutors said Friday . The Crown Prosecution Service announcement follows a decision two months ago by Home Secretary Theresa May to block his extradition to the United States to face trial on health grounds . She said then that UK prosecutors must decide if a new criminal case should be opened in England . Read more : UK blocks hacker McKinnon 's extradition to U.S. . The prosecution service and London 's Metropolitan Police said in a joint statement that their decision not to do so reflected the difficulty of trying the case in Britain when most of the evidence and witnesses are in the United States . "  The prospects of a conviction against Mr. McKinnon , which reflects the full extent of his alleged criminality , are not high , " the statement said . UK authorities believe the United States is the appropriate place for the case to be tried , it said . McKinnon fought a decade-long battle against extradition before May 's move to block it in October because of his health . The 46-year-old has Asperger syndrome and depressive illness , as well as schizophrenia and other mental health issues . He has admitted breaking into computers at NASA and the Pentagon , but says he did so to find out if the U.S. government was covering up the existence of UFOs . The U.S. government says McKinnon accessed 97 computers from his home in London for a year starting in March 2001 , costing the government about $ 1 million . He is accused of breaking into military , NASA and civilian networks , and accessing computers at the Pentagon ; Fort Benning , Georgia ; Fort Meade , Maryland ; the Earle Naval Weapons Station in Colts Neck , New Jersey ; and the Johnson Space Center in Houston , among others . In one case , McKinnon allegedly crashed computers belonging to the Military District of Washington .	Gary McKinnon will not face a new criminal investigation in England , prosecutors say He hacked into U.S. military and civilian computers over a decade ago McKinnon 's extradition was blocked in October on health grounds The U.S. government said his actions cost it about $ 1 million
CNN  Income inequality is like the weather : Everyone talks about it , but no one does much about it . Now comes President Obama in his State of the Union Address , hoping to do more than just talk about it . The President tackles this perennial conundrum by proposing that the tax code be changed in two very distinct directions : 1  Provide extra money to low - and middle-income families in the form of tax credits for children and working couples . 2  raise taxes on upper-income taxpayers , especially the fabled "  one percent " through various cutbacks and increased restrictions on savings . It is certainly easy to dismiss his suggestions given the makeup of the new Congress , which is controlled by Republicans , but stranger concoctions have been enacted when major tax overhauls are undertaken . So what does the President suggest ? First , he wants to triple child care tax credits for children under age 5 , thereby supercharging an existing provision that Republicans and conservatives have generally championed to make the tax system more "  family-friendly . " Second , he proposes a $ 500 tax credit for married couples when both spouses are employed , an idea that essentially replicates a provision that was enacted during President Ronald Reagan 's first year . The majority party in Congress may not be particularly enthralled with President Obama 's caveat that this credit phase out when a family 's annual income reaches $ 120,000 , but such parameters can be negotiated as legislation gets developed . The tax changes on upper-income taxpayers are more likely to generate partisan resistance . As a general matter , Republicans want to lower or even eliminate taxes on capital gains , and this position has been party dogma since the first Bush administration . In contrast , President Obama proposes to raise taxes on capital gains received by married couples with incomes exceeding $ 500,000 per year . That income level may be above most people 's conception of "  middle class , " but it is far below what it takes to be a "  one-percenter . " Nevertheless , if one wants to address anomalies like Warren Buffett and Mitt Romney paying lower effective tax rates than their employees , then raising tax rates on capital gains is a necessity . But President Obama goes much further and attacks the so-called "  step-up in basis " rule -- which the White House calls the "  trust fund loophole " -- that allows gains on inherited property to go untaxed , regardless of amount . Targeting this longstanding tax rule takes aim not at those who have worked hard to create businesses and build wealth , but at those whose pathway to riches was having the right relatives . Obama 's proposal , in other words , seeks to reduce wealth disparities without disincentivizing the job creators among us . Along these lines , he also proposes that no tax be due on inherited family-operated businesses until they are sold . That said , this proposal is no slam dunk . As recent battles over the estate tax have demonstrated , Americans do not particularly like the federal government claiming to level the proverbial playing field by confiscating family wealth . Surveys repeatedly show that resentment of the rich is simply not as strong as some politicians seem to believe . In any case , the "  step-up in basis " rule was effectively repealed in 1976 , but Congress then responded to the ensuing backlash by reversing this repeal retroactively . Nearly two decades later , an effort very similar to President Obama 's proposal was put forth during President Clinton 's first few months in office , but the response then was also swift and negative . Will this time be different ? Perhaps the sense among some citizens that the system is "  rigged " will produce a different result this year , but income inequality is fundamentally not a problem that is exclusively or even primarily about taxation . Causes range from globalization and unfair trade agreements to falling educational achievement and the decline of private sector labor unions , among others . Tweaking the tax code , even in the substantial and perhaps radical ways that President Obama is due to propose on Tuesday , can go only so far in addressing this issue . On the other hand , the U.S. tax code is one part of the puzzle that the federal government can control and do something about in fairly short order . Tackling tax reform more broadly could be a pathway to bipartisan cooperation that creates a genuine achievement for both President Obama and the new Congress . In that context , repealing the "  step-up in basis " rule and perhaps equalizing tax rates on capital gains and regular income would go a long way to simplifying tax planning and return preparation while allowing the market to allocate capital without the often nonsensical preferences embedded in the current tax code . That is certainly a worthy project . But it is a very different focus than trying to ameliorate income inequality . Regarding the latter , even if President Obama 's tax proposals are enacted exactly as he set out , they may not do much about income inequality in the United States , but they at least do more than just talk about it .	Richard Kaplan says tax law changes can reduce inequality to a degree He says Obama 's effort to end "  trust-fund loophole " is a tough sell Tax reform could be path to bipartisan cooperation , genuine achievement for President and Congress
CNN  -- Defending champion Maria Sharapova predicted a bright future for Sloane Stephens despite beating the American in straight sets on Monday to reach the quarterfinals of the French Open . The world No. 2 overcame windy conditions to beat the 17th seed 6-4 6-3 and earn a last eight clash with Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic . "  I think Sloane has a tremendous amount of potential and she has a lot of things in her game in which there is a lot of room for even more improvement , " the Russian told reporters after the match . "  There are some players you play against and you 're not quite sure if they will be able to develop something to a different level , but I think she will . "  She has a big game already - big strokes , pretty good serve . She has a lot of time to develop . If she 's in the right hands at the right time , I 'm sure she 's going to have a great career . " Stephens , who turned 20 in March , was in the second week of a grand slam for only the third time , having eclipsed her fourth round appearance in Paris last year when reaching the semifinals of the Australian Open in January . "  There 's always room for improvement , " the American said on Monday . "  Maria 's obviously a really great competitor if she 's No. 2 in the world , so it 's tough . You 've just got to keep improving . "  I would n't say there 's a drastic difference - you just have to keep getting better . Some things I can improve on , so I 'll do that . Overall I 've done pretty well , though . " "  I enjoyed myself here at Roland Garros this year . " Next up for Sharapova is Jankovic , with the 18th seed defeating Jamie Hampton 6-0 6-2 , and although the Russian leads their meetings 7-1 the pair have yet to meet on clay . "  We know each other quite well , " Sharapova said . "  We played against each other quite a bit in the juniors all the time . We spent a lot of time together . " "  I think the clay really suits her game . She 's a great retriever and gets a lot of balls back . She 's playing much more consistent I believe than she 's done in the last couple of years , which is nice to see , because she was at that level and maintained that level for quite a bit of time . "  She 's a really tough opponent . I look forward to it . " Earlier in the day , third seed Victoria Azarenka enjoyed a similarly routine victory as the double Australian Open champion beat Francesca Schiavone 6-3 6-0 . The Belarus star next faces former doubles partner Maria Kirilenko after the Russian 12th seed reached the quarterfinals for the first time with a 7-5 6-4 win over world number 66 Bethanie Mattek-Sands of the United States . "  I 've played Maria a lot of times . I think the last time was the Olympics , " said Azarenka , who took a bronze medal from their London 2012 encounter . "  She 's definitely improved a lot over the last couple years since she 's a very motivated player  and a  good friend of mine , also . " The most notable result for Azarenka and Kirilenko as doubles partners was at the 2011 Australian Open , where they finished runners-up . Kirilenko , who trails her friend 3-2 from their previous meetings , has never reached the semifinals of a grand slam . In the opening quarterfinals on Tuesday , Serena Williams takes on 2009 French Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova while fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska continues her bid for a first grand slam when facing last year 's Roland Garros runner-up , Sara Errani .	Defending champion Maria Sharapova eases into quarters against Sloane Stephens Russian to meet Jelena Jankovic of Serbia in last eight Former doubles partners Azarenka and Kirilenko set for quarterfinal clash
CNN  -- World number one Novak Djokovic has pulled out of the Paris Masters with a shoulder injury . The 24-year-old moved into the last eight of the competition on Thursday with a three-set over fellow Serbian Viktor Troicki but said he was not fit enough to face Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in Friday 's scheduled quarterfinal . Djokovic has been struggling with shoulder and back injuries since winning the U.S. Open in September , and was forced to withdraw from the Shanghai Masters as he missed the ATP Tour 's Asian leg . "  Sadly I have to inform you that I have withdrawn from the tournament , " he said on his official website on Friday , raising doubts that he will be fit to play in the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London this month . "  I have pushed myself to the limit by playing , and after the match yesterday my shoulder got worse . "  For this reason , I have to put my health first and withdraw even though my urges as a professional player are making me want to play until the last drop of energy . "  I am very sorry for all of you who bought tickets and wanted to come and watch me play . My season has been long and tiring , I played all of my matches at my highest level , and now my body is aching for recovery . Hoping for your understanding and support . " Earlier in the week Djokovic rejected claims that he had played in Paris just to collect a year-end $ 1.6 million bonus check for finishing top of the rankings , saying they were "  ridiculous . " The tournament lost another big attraction in quarterfinal action Friday as second seed Andy Murray crashed out to Czech Tomas Berdych . Murray was bidding to extend his unbeaten streak to 19 matches , but was beaten 4-6 7-6 6-4 by sixth seed Berdych , who will be joining him at the ATP Tour Finals in London later this month . Berdych leveled with superb play in the second set tiebreak and a crucial break in the ninth game of the decider left him to serve out for victory and his third win in four matches with Scot Murray . His reward is a semifinal clash against Roger Federer after the third seed saw off Juan Monaco of Argentina 6-3 7-5 . It was the 800th win of the Swiss maestro 's remarkable career and was wrapped up in just under 90 minutes at the Bercy Arena . Tsonga will play John Isner of the United States for a place in the final after he upset fourth seed David Ferrer of Spain 6-3 3-6 6-3 in the final quarterfinal of an eventful day in the French capital .	Novak Djokovic pulls out of the Paris Masters with a shoulder injury Djokovic earned a $ 1.6 million bonus after winning his opening match of the tournament Second seed Andy Murray beaten in quarterfinals by Tomas Berdych Roger Federer clocks up 800th career win as he dispatches Juan Monaco
CNN  -- There is a new strategy in the battle over abortion rights . I do n't quite know what to call it , but I have n't seen anything like it since the fictional 47-year-old Maude Findlay chose to abort her fetus on TV 's "  Maude " in 1972 . Back then , the idea was to portray a woman 's choice realistically , but boy , did CBS pay a price . As the Chicago Tribune noted , the United States Catholic Conference promptly organized a campaign against "  Maude . " It worked . "  Maude 's Dilemma , " which played in two parts , drew huge audiences , but when CBS repeated them in 1973 , "  nearly 40 affiliates chose not to air them , not one corporate sponsor bought commercial time , and CBS received more than 17,000 letters of protest . " Lesson learned ! After that , while abortion was not exactly taboo , it certainly was , shall we say , a decision no TV character made without dire consequences . I still remember watching the soap opera , "  The Young and the Restless , " with my grandma . The character Ashley Abbott unexpectedly got pregnant , had an abortion and promptly started carrying around a baby doll . She ended up in a mental institution . Fast forward to 2014 , and things are changing . Not only are some TV shows , like "  Parenthood , " portraying abortion without shame , but activists are too . As in posting their abortions online for everyone to see , as Emily Letts did . "  When I realized I was pregnant , I realized this was an amazing opportunity to help women , " Emily Letts told my producer . "  I wished I could show  women  what it looks like , that a first trimester surgical abortion takes 3 to 5 minutes , and your greatest risk of having the procedure is infection . " Letts , then 25 and an abortion counselor at Cherry Hill Women 's Center in New Jersey , videotaped her surgical abortion procedure and posted it to YouTube early this year , later entering it into a contest sponsored by an organization called , "  The Abortion Care Network . " She came in first place . Extreme ? You betcha . After all , extremism works in America . In-your-face behavior seems to be the only message that gets through the other noise . Abortion rights activists have told me that such "  extremist tactics " have been an effective tool of the anti-abortion side of the debate for decades . If the group , Created Equal , can project bloody , allegedly aborted fetuses on a 10-by-12-foot screen next to Philadelphia 's Liberty Bell to try and prove that abortion is murder , then why should n't women who have abortions use extreme methods to try and prove it 's not ? "  There 's an entire war against women 's ' uteruses in America , " Letts said . "  We believe that in order to truly change legislation and the politics of shame and violence on women , we need to change the culture . We believe we need to start speaking , we need to share our stories . " According to the Guttmacher Institute , a research group that supports abortion rights , 46 states now allow individual healthcare providers to refuse to participate in an abortion . Twenty-six states require a waiting period for women seeking an abortion . And 39 states now require that abortions be performed by a licensed physician . And if you think THAT last stat is not the biggest win of all for the anti-abortion side , you 'd be wrong . After Texas passed a law this summer requiring , among other things , doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 13 miles of the clinic where an abortion is performed , clinics were initially forced to close . Had the U.S. Supreme Court not intervened , only 8 clinics would have served a state with a population of 26 million . As Carol Tobias , president of the National Right to Life Committee told me , her side is winning . The tide , she says , has turned , and no pro-choice , extremist agenda will reverse it . "  I do n't think women standing up and saying I 've had an abortion , and I 'm proud of it is going to have much of an impact , " Tobias told me . She says abortion ca n't be de-stigmatized . "  They  women  still know it 's wrong . " Eric Ferraro , from Planned Parenthood , says it is n't quite that simple . "  Women have a wide range of experiences when they have an abortion . Some feel a deep sense of relief , some feel a deep sense of regret ... and everything in between . " Is it possible every one of the more than 40 million women around the world who have abortions every year wind up carrying around a baby doll like the soap opera character Ashley Abbott ? Not Jenny Kutner , who writes for Salon.com . She decided to write about her decision to have an abortion after her IUD failed . "  I always felt strongly about sharing these stories , " Kutner told me . She said she wanted to remove "  a stigma around abortion " she does n't think should exist . "  I did not want to feel shame . " And two months after she terminated her pregnancy , she still feels she made the right decision . "  I had a remarkably average story to tell . Stories that "  do n't get told because of the stigma ' . " Politicians are sharing their stories too . And I 'm not just talking about Wendy Davis , the state senator and now Texas gubernatorial candidate , whose filibuster against abortion restrictions catapulted her onto the national stage . Gone is the Clinton mantra , "  safe , legal and rare . " Today , politicians , like Lucy Flores , are talking about their own abortions . As Slate.com reported , Flores , a state representative in Nevada , told voters she had an abortion at 16 . All six of her sisters had gotten pregnant as teenagers , and she did not want to face the same hardships they endured . "  I do n't regret it , " Flores told Slate . "  I do n't regret it because I am here making a difference , at least in my mind , for many other young ladies and letting them know that there are options and they can do things to not be in the situation I was in , but to prevent it . " The question is : Can abortion really be "  de-stigmatized ? " It 's difficult for me to accept that abortion is a "  simple medical procedure , " but I 'm not all women . My abortion rights friends find parts of the strategy to remove the stigma "  horrifying "  the abortion contest  , but other parts of the strategy effective  Kutner 's sharing her "  unremarkably average " story  . My anti-abortion friends are unmoved . They could not think of any strategy that would change how they feel about voluntarily ending a pregnancy . As a wise man in the news business once told me , "  It 's an issue you ca n't win , " because "  no one changes their mind . " But , then again ...	Carol Costello : New strategy over abortion rights recalls Maude dustup in 1972 After that TV avoided abortion ; now activists working to remove stigma She says Emily Letts showed video of her abortion ; writers , pols discuss theirs Costello : Anti-abortion activists say they 're winning anyway , stigma of abortion remains
CNN  -- Pakistan 's prime minister urged Afghan government officials to look for other partners to ally with beyond the United States in a meeting earlier this month , and suggested it seek closer ties with China , a source close to the Afghan government told CNN . But Afghan sources disagree on how strongly the Pakistanis were trying to push their neighbors , and there is no indication from either source CNN spoke to about the Afghan government 's receptiveness to the idea . At the meeting between senior Afghan and Pakistani officials April 16 in Kabul , Afghanistan , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Gilani urged the Afghans to draw closer to Pakistan and to China , disengaging with what he depicted as a weakened United States , according to the source close to the Afghan government . The meeting was first reported by the Wall Street Journal . The source , who did not attend the meeting but has spoken with a number of the officials who were present , said that while the topic was not the only subject discussed in the meeting , Gilani did tell the Afghans that Pakistan can protect them but they need to accelerate the withdrawal of U.S. troops from the country . Gilani , the source said , painted the United States as a declining power , weakened economically , and in debt to China . "  What motivated Islamabad to do this is not clear , " this source said , "  but the relationship with the U.S. is at an all-time low ,  Afghan President Hamid  Karzai is very unhappy with the U.S. , and they saw an opportunity make this point . " In an interview with CNN on Thursday , Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , Husain Haqqani , described the accounts of his prime minister 's activities as a "  complete fabrication . " "  Where are Pakistan and Afghanistan going to go by dumping the United States ? " Haqqani said . "  The fact of the matter is Afghanistan is a country that needs the Americans to rebuild . Pakistan is a country that needs American assistance . " Haqqani said he is expecting U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to visit the region "  in the near future . " The State Department has not confirmed the trip yet . "  I think that Pakistan , Afghanistan and United States will work together , " Haqqani said . "  Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is committed ... . Look to her leadership . We expect her to be in the region . We will be moving forward together , together , and that these stories are going to die as many similar stories died in the past . " A senior source in Afghanistan 's presidential palace also told CNN that the meeting did not center on a concerted effort to get Afghanistan to drop its long-term partnership plans with the United States . "  There is no planned effort to try to tell Afghanistan that it has to leave the United States as its ally . We are allies with and we want to be friends with our neighbours , " the palace source said . That source said the Afghan government wants "  to make sure no one feels vulnerable by our long-term partnership " with Washington , referring to Pakistan . "  Of course , the Pakistani delegation had negotiations on Afghan bilateral relations to strengthen them and they have their concerns , " the palace source added . In a statement responding to the Wall Street Journal story , the Pakistani government called the assertions in the article "  baseless . " "  Pakistan fully supports an Afghan-led , Afghan-owned process for peace and reconciliation . This fundamental principle is now widely acknowledged , " the statement said . "  Pakistan recognizes the key role of the United States in promoting stability , peace and harmony in Afghanistan . " Next month , the United States , Afghanistan and Pakistan are holding a tri-lateral meeting in Islamabad , noted the statement from Pakistan . "  The purpose of ongoing engagements with Afghanistan and the United States is to have strategic coherence and clarity , " the statement noted . At the Kabul meeting , the source close to the Afghanistan government said , Gilani read from a prepared text -- something uncommon at such meetings , which usually are more informal . This was an indication , the source said , that the ideas presented had been worked on and were not just off-the-cuff comments . There was nothing "  provocative " in the remarks , the source said , but one must read "  between the lines . " "  It tells more about relations between the U.S. and Pakistan and how they have hit rock-bottom , " the source said , than it does about Pakistan-Afghan relations . Pakistan 's generals , who exert enormous influence on the government , the source said , "  want to go back to the 1980s . " "  They 're stuck in a time warp in which they think they can push back at the U.S. and force the U.S. to deal with them in a regional , not just national , context . " The relationship between the United States and Pakistan has been tense in recent months , following the arrest and subsequent release of CIA contractor Raymond Davis , who was charged with killing two Pakistani men in what he said was a robbery attempt in Lahore . Ties have also been strained over CIA drone strikes at targets in Pakistan , near the Afghan border . Several strikes have claimed the lives of what some Pakistani officials have said were innocent civilians . The United States does not officially acknowledge the CIA 's secret drone program that targets al Qaeda militants , but it is the only country operating in the region with the capability to carry out such strikes . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	The meeting was held in April in Kabul The source says Pakistan 's prime minister suggested closer ties to China Tensions have been high between Washington and Islamabad in recent months
CNN  -- Eight soldiers were killed in an ambush near the Algerian border , Tunisia 's president said Monday . The attack took place on Mount Chaambi , some 300 kilometers south of Tunis , the capital , President Moncef Marzouki said in a statement posted to his Facebook page . Later , a security patrol was struck by a landmine in the same area . Three soldiers were injured in that attack . Marzouki blamed Islamic militants and extremists for the violence . He announced three days of mourning for the victims . Last week , a Tunisian opposition leader was fatally shot outside his home , setting off protests in a nation still raw from the February assassination of a different politician who opposed the Islamist-led governing party . The slaying of Mohammed Al-Brahmi and the public 's reaction were the latest bout of turmoil striking the North African country that had been seen as a poster child of stability after the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings .	Attack takes place near the Algerian border Tunisia 's president blames Islamic militants He announces three days of mourning
CNN  -- If austerity had been a clinical trial , it would have been stopped . As public health experts , we have watched aghast as a slow motion disaster arose from austerity policies in Europe , while politicians continue to ignore the evidence of their disastrous effects . Austerity was designed to shrink debts . Now , three years after Europe 's budget-cutting began , the evidence is in : severe , indiscriminate austerity is not part of the solution , but part of the problem -- and its human costs are devastating . In the U.S. , Greece , Italy , Spain , the UK and elsewhere in Europe there were more than 10,000 additional suicides from 2007-2010 , a figure that is over and above historical trends , with the largest rises concentrated in the worst performing economies . But suicides and depression are not unavoidable consequences of economic downturns : countries that slashed health and social protection budgets have seen starkly worse health outcomes than nations which opted for stimulus over austerity . Greece , for example , is in the middle of a public health disaster . To meet budget-deficit reduction targets set by the European Central Bank , European Commission , and International Monetary Fund  the so-called troika  , Greece 's public health budget has been cut by more than 40 % . As Greece 's health minister observed , "  these are n't cuts with a scalpel , they 're cuts with a butcher 's knife . " The spending was reduced to 6 % of GDP , a figure lower than the UK , at 8 % , and Germany , at 9 % . As a result , HIV infections have jumped by more than 200 % since 2010 , concentrated in injection drug users , as needle-exchange program budgets were cut in half . There was a malaria epidemic in Greece -- the largest in 40 years -- after mosquito-spraying budgets were slashed . More than 200 essential medicines have been de-stocked from some pharmacies as the state 's drug budget was reduced and pharmaceuticals companies exited the country in arrears . Since 2008 there has been a rise of more than 40 % of people who report being unable to access healthcare that they believe to be medically necessary , the majority concentrated in pensioners . As patients can not afford private care and forego preventive care , public sector hospitals have experienced a 24 % rise in hospital admissions . Doctors and clinics are therefore overstrained . Infant mortality rates have risen 40 % between 2008 and 2010 . Over 35,000 public health workers , nurses , and doctors have lost jobs . Unemployment rates have hit 27 % and youth unemployment has jumped to near 75 % in some areas . With little hope for the future , desperate people are turning to cheap , synthetic drugs . Use of anti-depressants has skyrocketed , adding costs to the healthcare system . Suicide rates , previously among the lowest in Europe , have soared . Were these all inevitable consequences of recession , rather than consequences of austerity ? Of course the Greek financial and political elites have made mistakes . And of course Greece 's fiscal and monetary options were severely restricted as part of the bailout deals . But the suffering of the Greeks was not inevitable . The timing of many of these health effects coincided not with the onset of recession in 2008 and 2009 , but with the implementation of deep budget cuts starting in 2010 . Several prevailing myths are commonly offered as alternative explanations for Greece 's devastating health outcomes , including these three : The first myth : "  Greece 's healthcare system is excessive and inefficient . " But there are just five hospital beds in Greece per 1,000 people , versus more than eight beds per 1,000 people in Germany . The second myth : "  Greeks are lazy . " But in 2011 the average Greek citizen worked 2,038 hours per year -- 600 hours more than the average German , according to the OECD . The third myth : "  Europe 's bailout money is being squandered . " But bailout money is not flowing in to support Greece 's healthcare system -- it is instead circulating back to large international banks in Germany , France and the UK . What we learned from analyzing past crises is that people do not inevitably get sick or die because the economy has faltered . Fiscal policy can be a matter of life and death . During the Great Depression in the U.S. in the 1930s , mortality rates actually fell by about 10 % . Even though suicide rates increased among the unemployed between 1929 and 1933 , this increase was outweighed by short-term drops in road traffic deaths , as people drove less to save on fuel costs . Then , at a time when total debt was over 200 % of GDP , President Franklin Roosevelt implemented the New Deal , which created the U.S. social safety net . New Deal programs to re-house people who lost their homes , help people return to work , and build a public health infrastructure were highly effective -- and each additional $ 100 per capita in New Deal spending reduced suicides by 4 per 100,000 and infant deaths by about 18 per 100,000 . Tuberculosis rates also fell , but disease rates were substantially reduced in those states that aggressively implemented the New Deal rather than those avoiding its implementation -- a "  natural experiment . " 1934 , the year after the New Deal started becoming effective , marked the beginning of the U.S. economic recovery . Another "  natural experiment " occurred in the aftermath of the East Asian financial crisis from 1997 to 1998 . Indonesia , Thailand , and Malaysia all had large market crashes : their currencies plummeted , GDP collapsed , and unemployment soared . But their politicians responded differently to the crisis , creating a rare laboratory in which we can identify the health effects of economic policy . Indonesia and Thailand turned to the IMF for help , implementing deep cuts to its HIV prevention , whereas Malaysia charted a different path , investing in preventive measures during the crisis . Indonesia and Thailand suffered large pneumonia and tuberculosis outbreaks , but Malaysia avoided these effects . Turning to the current recession in Europe , Iceland is another case study revealing that there is an alternative to austerity . Five years ago its three largest banks failed , and their total debt rocketed to over 800 % of GDP . It was the largest banking crisis in history relative to the size of an economy and it forced Iceland to turn to the IMF for help . The troika 's bailout plan called for reductions in spending equivalent to 50 % of the budget in order to finance bank bailouts . The health minister resigned in protest at plans to cut the healthcare budget by 30 % , as detailed in our book . Then the president of Iceland took a radical step : asking the people what they wanted to do . In March 2010 , 93 % of the Icelandic people voted against financing a bailout for foreign savers of Icesave Bank through draconian budget cuts . Instead , Iceland stabilized healthcare spending . Thanks to this boost to the nation 's universal healthcare system , no one lost access to healthcare even as the cost of imported medicines rose as an effect of the devaluation of the Icelandic Krona . There was no significant rise in suicides or depression . Nor were there any significant infectious disease outbreaks . Indeed , last year GDP growth was 2.7 % , and unemployment rates have fallen below 5 % . Having seen the results , the IMF turned tail , praising Iceland 's successful approach . Each of these crises -- America 's Great Depression , the Asian financial crisis , and Iceland 's bank meltdown -- had different origins , but they led to potentially similar health threats . But their contrasting outcomes support our conclusion that an economic crisis does not inevitably increase in death and disability . The real danger is austerity . But if austerity is not working , and indeed is part of the problem  as the IMF has recently admitted  , why are European leaders continuing its pursuit ? British economist John Maynard Keynes indirectly outlined the dangers of austerity in 1919 . Germany 's unpayable debt from World War I , he argued , exacted by European nations in the Treaty of Versailles , would cause economic collapse and , ultimately , social instability in Germany . Tragically , his premonition was borne out : Germany 's deep austerity under "  hunger chancellor " Heinrich Bruning as it struggled to repay debts to France , Belgium , and the U.S. fueled the rise of the Nazi party and , as some historians argue , ultimately World War II in Europe . In the aftermath of that war , West Germany benefited from the U.S.-sponsored Marshall Plan , whereby America injected $ 1.45 billion in funds to invest in German industry and rebuild vital infrastructure . The Marshall Plan 's stimulus package helped spur recovery , paving the way for decades of prosperity and peace in Western Europe . Collectively we seem to be losing sight of the lessons from our past . In Greece , austerity packages in Europe are sparking the rising popularity of neo-Nazi parties , such as Golden Dawn . But there is an alternative . In 2009 , the German parliament approved a 50 billion euros stimulus package to spur growth . Across Europe we have found that economies that introduced greater stimulus investment have charted faster economic recoveries . Thanks to smart investments in "  active labor market programs " â $ " programs that help people access job retraining and return to work quickly -- Germany , Sweden and Iceland have mitigated rises in depression and suicides from unemployment . Our research has found that each euro invested in public health can yield up to a three euros return if invested wisely in data-supported government programs . New York City officials learned this lesson in the early 1990s -- after restricting its TB prevention budget , the city suffered a drug-resistant TB outbreak that ultimately cost $ 1.2 billion to control , about 10 times greater than the estimated price of prevention . Greece 's HIV , TB , and malaria epidemics will now cost more to control than they would have been to prevent , our research indicates . What we have learned is that severe , indiscriminate cuts to vital social protection programs are not only economically self-defeating , but fatal .	Health experts David Stuckler and Sanjay Basu say that if austerity had been a clinical trial , it would have been stopped They have analyzed how austerity affects health and have found it drives up suicide , depression and illness rates They say the suffering of Greeks is not inevitable , with history showing stimulus can work better than austerity The authors argue the world has forgotten lessons from the past , and this is proving fatal
Hanoi , Vietnam  CNN  -- North Korea on Saturday heightened its threats against upcoming U.S.-supported military exercises after talks over the sinking of a South Korean warship . North Korea "  will legitimately counter with -LSB- its -RSB- powerful nuclear deterrence the largest-ever nuclear war exercises to be staged by the U.S. and the South Korean puppet forces , " the state-run KCNA news agency said . Earlier , the isolated communist nation vowed a "  physical response " to massive U.S.-South Korean military drills set to begin Sunday . The U.S. Defense Department said the drills are in response to the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan and are intended to send a strong message to Pyongyang to stop "  provocative and warlike acts . " At a regional security conference Friday , North Korea lashed out at the impending exercise . "  There will be a physical response against the threat imposed by the United States militarily , " North Korea spokesman Ri Tong Il said outside the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting in Hanoi , Vietnam . Two U.S. military officials told there was no sign of significant troop movement in North Korea . Why are the two Koreas so hostile ? About 8,000 military personnel from the United States and South Korea are scheduled to participate in the joint military exercises . Meanwhile Friday , in the demilitarized zone between the two Koreas , officers from the North sat down for talks about the Cheonan incident with their counterparts in the U.S.-led United Nations Command . During the almost two-hour meeting in the international truce town of Panmunjom , the U.N. Command reminded the North Koreans of the Security Council 's condemnation this month of the Cheonan attack . The Security Council did not mention North Korea by name but condemned the attack strongly , called for "  full adherence " to the armistice agreement that halted fighting in the Korean War in 1953 and encouraged "  the settlement of outstanding issues on the Korean peninsula by peaceful means . " An international inquiry found North Korea culpable for the March attack that killed 46 South Korean sailors . But North Korea denies a role in the incident , which elevated tension between the two enemies . North Korea demanded again Friday that it be allowed to conduct its own investigation of the Cheonan 's sinking and said the upcoming war games are being conducted under false pretext . "  The U.S. forces side would be seriously mistaken if it calculates it can browbeat -LSB- North Korea -RSB- through large-scale war exercises , " the state-run KCNA news agency said . "  It should immediately stop the -LSB- anti-North Korean -RSB- nuclear war racket . " " -LSB- This -RSB- double-dealing attitude is a dangerous one of driving the situation on the Korean Peninsula to a war phase , " KCNA said . At the ASEAN meeting , nation after nation expressed deep regrets and offered condolences to the South Koreans . The United States has accused North Korea of aggressive behavior and imposed new sanctions Wednesday . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reiterated U.S. support for South Korea on Friday . "  Here in Asia , an isolated and belligerent North Korea has embarked on a campaign of provocative , dangerous behavior , " she said in Hanoi , Vietnam . Later , after a repatriation ceremony for the remains of three soldiers who died in the Vietnam War , Clinton said the door remains open for dialogue if North Korea commits to abandoning its nuclear weapons program . "  We would love for them to have the same opportunities that the people of South Korea have been able to enjoy for the last 60 years , " Clinton said . "  So , it is distressing when North Korea continues its threats and causes so much anxiety among its neighbors and the larger region . " Ri described the planned U.S.-South Korea joint military exercise as "  another example of a hostile policy " against North Korea . "  It is a grave threat to the Korean peninsula and also to the region of Asia as a whole , " he said . He said the exercise is a threat to North Korea 's sovereignty and security . The military exercise , dubbed Invincible Spirit , is scheduled to run from Sunday through Wednesday . In addition to the 8,000 personnel involved , military officials say , it will include 20 ships and submarines and about 200 aircraft . The exercises are to take place in the Sea of Japan on South Korea 's east coast and the Yellow Sea on the west coast , according to a joint U.S. and South Korean statement . China has objected to war games in the Yellow Sea , so close to its coastline . And that is what bothers North Korea as well , said a University of Georgia professor who returned two weeks ago from his 52nd trip to Pyongyang . "  I think it 's a bad idea , " said Han Park , who helped arrange former President Carter 's visit to North Korea in 1994 and is the only American to have visited the rogue nation since the Cheonan incident . Park said the United States should never underestimate the resolve of the North Korean military , one that is further emboldened now by Chinese opposition to the military drills . "  I will hold my breath if this takes place anywhere near the west coast , " he said . CNN 's Elise Labott , Barbara Starr and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : North Korea says it will counter joint exercise with its "  nuclear deterrence " The military exercise is scheduled to begin Sunday on both South Korean coasts Clinton : A peaceful resolution is possible only if North Korea changes its behavior Expert Han Park says North Korean military should not be underestimated
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The bodies of three American contractors who died in a plane crash in Afghanistan earlier this month have been recovered , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said Tuesday . The C-12 plane went down in the mountains of Nuristan province October 13 , but the military withheld information about it until the recovery operation was complete , ISAF said in a statement . The crew were subcontractors working for Lockheed Martin , the company confirmed . A spokesman named two of them as Jeff Lehner , a former Air Force member working for Sierra Nevada , and Randolph Bergquist , a former Marine working for Avenge . They are not releasing the third name at the family 's request . Thomas Casey of Lockheed Martin confirmed the third victim was the co-pilot and also worked for Avenge . The cause of the crash that killed them is not yet clear , but it is not thought to be enemy action , ISAF said . A helicopter sent to recover the remains October 17 itself made "  a hard landing " that required the crew to be rescued , ISAF said . The helicopter was stripped of sensitive parts Wednesday and destroyed in place Sunday , ISAF said .	3 contractors killed when plane went down in mountains of Nuristan province Plane , a C-12 , crashed October 13 ; crew worked for Lockheed Martin Cause of crash not yet clear , but it is not thought to be enemy action Crew of copter sent to recover remains had to be rescued after hard landing
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Spain is reeling from its most severe drought in 70 years with the nation 's reservoirs on average just half full , the Environment Ministry reports . The tower of a former church , underwater before the drought , reappears in the Mediano reservoir . Rainfall has been less than half of what 's considered normal for the last six months and reservoir levels were already low after two years in which normal rain levels failed to rebound from the driest 12 months on record -- October 1 , 2004 to September 30 , 2005 . The worst-hit areas are the Catalonia region -- whose capital , Barcelona , is the nation 's second-largest city -- and central Spain in the Castilla-La Mancha region near Madrid , according to Antonio Mestre , a climate specialist at the State Meteorological Agency in Madrid . The Baells reservoir near Barcelona is about 20 percent full , and in some places it appears to be bone dry . A little row boat could this week be seen resting on the sandy dirt bottom of the reservoir . In a nearby village , Gelida , trucks already bring drinking water every week because the town 's three wells are too dry . It 's become a political headache for Socialist Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , who is just starting his second term . "  Despite the difficult drought years , " Zapatero said in the investiture debate in parliament , "  there 's been no shortage of drinking water anywhere in the country . " But Barcelona might run out by October . The government has decided to quickly build a water pipeline for 60 kilometers  37 miles  along the major AP-7 highway , to pump water in to Barcelona , if necessary by the autumn and depending on reservoir levels at that time . The project would cost 180 million euros  $ 280 million  . The water would come from the Ebro river and that has sparked protests from the regional governments of Valencia and Murcia , down the Mediterranean coast from Barcelona , that the central government is favoring Barcelona . Valencia and Murcia leaders this week threatened to take the case to the Constitutional Court , the highest in Spain . Barcelona-area officials already have restricted the use of water for home gardens and parks and public fountains . They have also considered bringing drinking water in by boat . To tackle chronic water shortages , Spain in recent years has also invested heavily in desalination plants , which take the salt of sea water to make it drinkable -- but several are not yet finished , including one that would serve Barcelona . The latest drought hits Spain just after tens of thousands of new vacation homes have sprung up en masse along the coast in recent years , along with dozens of new golf courses thirsting to stay green . "  The amount of water resources depend not only on precipitation , but also on consumption , " Mestre said . "  The water demand in Spain has increased a lot in the last 10 or 15 years . " Despite recent showers , the past six months are the driest period in Spain in 70 years , when record-keeping began , Mestre said . Farmers also compete for the water , to irrigate their fields , which are suffering in the latest drought . Some critics say that successive Spanish governments have repeatedly taken short term measures during droughts , rather than making long-term water-use plans . One old fisherman at the Riosequillo reservoir - an hour north of Madrid and just a third full despite the recent rains - said he 'd never seen it so bad . "  We 'd have so much progress , " said Gregorio Consentini , the 78-year-old fisherman , "  but we 're doing badly . " To make matters worse , he did n't catch any fish that day -- which he also blamed on the drought . E-mail to a friend	Spanish reservoirs on average half full after six dry months Past six months are driest in Spain in 70 years , when record-keeping began Worst-hit areas are Catalonia and central Spain Government building 60km pipeline to supply Barcelona
