CHINHOYI , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe was celebrating his 85th birthday with a lavish all-day party Saturday despite the fact that the country is gripped by an economic and health crisis . President Robert Mugabe and his wife , Grace , attend a cake-cutting ceremony for his birthday Saturday . Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party said it raised at least $ 250,000 to hold the party in Mugabe 's hometown of Chinhoyi , about 120 kilometers  75 miles  outside of the capital , Harare . Critics of the president say the country is desperate for that amount of money to be spent instead on its citizens , who are suffering from a cholera outbreak , food shortages , and spiraling hyperinflation . On Friday , Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai visited a hospital 's closed intensive care unit that he said needed $ 30,000 to resume operating . During the celebrations , Mugabe announced that his controversial land reform would not be reversed . The program is designed to have white-owned farms given to blacks , and there have been violent seizures of such farms since the program began in 2000 . Watch Mugabe 's birthday bash " He emphasized that the country 's "  indigenization program " -- which forces all major foreign companies operating in Zimbabwe to have at least 51 percent black ownership -- will be carried out . It began last year and has n't been implemented yet . Mugabe 's birthday falls on February 21 but his party loyalists postponed the celebrations as they were raising money for the event . "  I think it is going to be a great day for the legend and icon whose birthday we are celebrating today here , " said Mugabe 's nephew Patrick Zhuwawo , one of the fund-raisers for the birthday . "  The country might be having problems , but we need to have a day to honor the sacrifices the president has made for this country . " What do you think about the celebrations ? Zhuwawo said about 100 beasts would be slaughtered for the birthday bash . iReport.com : What do you think about Mugabe 's lavish party ? Mugabe also invited schoolchildren from around the country to attend the party , being held at Chinhoyi University . The farming town of Chinhoyi is usually quiet , but Saturday 's event has changed everything . Cars with Mugabe 's supporters could be seen hooting and some ZANU-PF supporters sang Mugabe 's praises . A banner in Chinhoyi read , "  Age ai n't nothing but a number . " Mugabe invited Tsvangirai , his new partner in a power-sharing government , but a Tsvangirai spokesman said the opposition party leader turned it down . He said it is political party function , with most of the attendees being ZANU-PF elite . As the prime minister , Tsvangirai is not obligated to attend , the spokesman said . The spokesman would not acknowledge whether Tsvangirai had initially agreed to attend , but it was widely reported in Zimbabwean media that he had agreed to do so . "  Mr. Tsvangirai has other commitments , as far as I know , " said Nelson Chamisa , a spokesman for Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change . Tsvangirai last year said Mugabe 's birthday party was "  a gathering of the satisfied few . " But at that point , he and the president were preparing to face off in a hotly contested presidential election . As Saturday 's celebrations began in a carnival atmosphere , just less than a kilometer  0.62 miles  away stood a deserted Chinhoyi government hospital -- a reflection of the country 's dire health situation . A few nurses are attending to patients . "  There are no medicines . These patients have no option but to come here , but there is nothing we can do , " said one nurse at the hospital . On Friday Tsvangirai visited Harare Hospital , one of the country 's biggest , and said its intensive care unit will need $ 30,000 in order to start operating again after a funding shortage . Once a darling of Zimbabwe , Mugabe is blamed for driving the country into a meltdown . A cholera epidemic that broke out in August has since hit every corner of the country , killing 3,731 people and infecting nearly 80,000 , according to the World Health Organization , which quoted Zimbabwe 's Ministry of Health . The preventable disease has spread through Zimbabwe 's 10 provinces through lack of access to clean water , faulty sewage systems , and uncollected refuse , according to Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  , which released a report this month on the outbreak . The problems , MSF said , are "  clear symptoms of the breakdown in infrastructure resulting from Zimbabwe 's political and economic meltdown . " On Sunday , Tsvangirai appealed to the international community to help Zimbabwe 's crippled economy , saying it would take $ 5 billion to stabilize the country . The cholera outbreak has worsened Zimbabwe 's economic crisis . Failed government policies and an acute food shortage because of years of poor agricultural production and widespread corruption have ravaged the currency of Zimbabwe , which has the world 's highest inflation rate . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	Mugabe 's ZANU-PF raised $ 250,000 in order to hold the party NEW : At party Mugabe said controversial land reform would not be reversed Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai turned down invitation to party , official said Zimbabwe is struggling to cope with a cholera epidemic due to funding shortages
CNN  -- One of the most secretive countries in the world seems to be putting a succession plan into place : North Korean leader Kim Jong Il promoted his youngest son to general . Experts say that could be an indication that Kim Jong Un will succeed his father and his grandfather as leader of North Korea . The outside world knows very little about Kim -- not even his age , which is apparently 27 or 28 . But at least one person outside the reclusive communist state once considered Kim Jong Un his best friend . Or at least he thinks so . Joao Micaelo went to school in Switzerland with a boy he knew as Pak Un from 1998 to 2001 . A teacher put them together at the same desk when the new student arrived , and they hit it off . Then , one day Pak Un told Micaelo , "  I am the son of the leader of North Korea . " Micaelo "  did n't believe him because ... it was a normal school , " he told CNN Tuesday . "  Normally the children of people like this , they do n't go to a normal school . " But having seen pictures of the apparent heir to Kim Jong Il , Micaelo thinks it 's his high school friend . He remembered what his friend had told him years before . "  Then I said , "  Okay , maybe it 's true what he said to me , ' " said Micaelo , who now lives in Bern , Switzerland , near the school he attended . Local government officials in the town that 's home to the Liebefeld School confirmed a student named Pak Un attended at the same time as Micaelo . The school declined to speak to CNN . Micaelo remembers "  Pak Un " being introduced as the son of the ambassador of North Korea . What is life like inside North Korea ? "  He was a normal guy like me , " Micaelo said , interested in sports , movies and computers . "  He was competitive at sports . He did n't like to lose , like any of us . For him , basketball was everything , " Micaelo said "  He played basketball , he had basketball games on his Playstation . The whole world for him was just basketball all the time , " he said . The North Korean , who spoke good enough German to be understood , was not outgoing , Micaelo said . "  He was very quiet and he did n't speak with anyone . Maybe it was because most of the people did not take the time to understand him , " he said . "  And he was not that type of guy who goes to another and says , ` Hello , how are you ? ' He was always quiet . " He did n't go out at night to parties or discos , but he and Micaelo sometimes talked about girls , his friend said . Micaelo went to his house many times , meeting people whom he thought were his friend 's parents . But they spoke English , not German , and because Micaelo did n't speak English well at the time , he did n't get to know them very well . But they struck him as "  a normal family , like my family . " "  Pak Un " did n't talk much about North Korea , Micaelo said . He has n't seen his friend in years , since the North Korean moved home to go to a private school . But he 'd like to see him again -- particularly if it did n't mean going to North Korea . Is there political change in the wind in North Korea ? "  I would like to speak with him to remember old times , you know , " Micaelo said . "  Because you know for me , he was also an important friend . He was my best friend at the time . I would like to see him again . " But , Micaelo said , he 's not sure if now is the right time . "  Just now I do n't know if it 's good to see him again . ... If he asked me to go visit him . I do n't know if I go or not , " he said . Micaelo said he does n't know what to expect from Kim as a leader . To read more on North Korea , go to CNN 's special coverage "  I can just say what I know : Un , when he was 16 , he was a good guy , " Micaelo said . "  So , I do n't think he would do something bad . But I do n't know what he 's been like in the last nine years . "  I just knew him when he was 16 years old . He 's been in a special school for this for nine years , " he said . "  Maybe he 's another person . "	Joao Micaelo went to school with a student who told him his father led North Korea Micaelo did n't believe him at the time but now thinks it 's true The North Korean liked basketball as a teen , says Micaelo "  He was a good guy " in school , but "  maybe he 's another person " now , he says
CNN  -- Ask any parent one of the topics they spend the most time thinking about , worrying about , OK , obsessing about , and they are very likely to say social media . I , for one , am already freaking out about the issue , and my kids , ages 6 and 7 , are still too young to participate . What conversations do parents have with their kids about social media ? Do they talk about the risks ? How do they monitor what their kids are doing ? We focus so much on the negative , but are there positive aspects to kids spending so much of their time on social media networks ? Those were just some of the topics we covered during a lively #CNNParents Twitter chat on teens and social media that actually trended nationally for some time . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	@CNNLiving and Kelly Wallace hosted live Twitter chat on teens and social media #CNNParents trended nationally during the chat Common Sense Media and a host of plugged in parents participated
CNN  -- American sprinter Tyson Gay will miss the remainder of the athletics season after undergoing surgery on a hip problem . Gay , 28 , will now miss the world championships in Daegu , South Korea , which are set to get under way on August 27 . The former 100 and 200 meters world champion had an arthroscopic procedure on Tuesday and will now focus on preparing for the 2012 season and the Olympic Games in London . "  Dr. Marc Philippon from the Steadman Philippon Research Institute in Colorado in the USA , performed an arthroscopic procedure to address an impingement in Tyson 's right hip and to correct a labral tear that has been bothering him for some time , " read a statement from Gay 's manager on the IAAF web site . "  Dr. Philippon and his team will oversee Tyson 's rehabilitation and believes Tyson will resume his normal base training in the fall as he prepares for 2012 . " Gay -- who recorded the fastest 100m time this year when he ran 9.79 seconds in Florida in June -- was expected to be one of the main challengers to Jamaica 's reigning world and Olympic champion over 100 and 200 meters Usain Bolt . Kentucky-born Gay was forced to withdraw from the semifinals of the U.S. trials after recording a time of 10.01 secs in his heat . The U.S. national record holder has also set the second and third fastest times ever over 100m , behind Bolt 's world record of 9.58 secs . The championships in South Korea will run until September 4 .	American sprinter Tyson Gay has been ruled out for the rest of the athletics season Gay , 28 , has undergone hip surgery and will now focus on preparations for 2012 The former world champion had set the fastest 100 meters time this year
CNN  -- I ca n't tell you how much sex has complicated my life -- my writing life , that is . When I 'm not being a university professor of Shakespeare studies , I write historical romance novels as Eloisa James . My colleagues in the academy -- who may have read romance fiction in high school , but have n't stooped to read it since -- have an unfortunate predisposition to characterize my entire genre by referring to its books as "  bodice-rippers . " I 'm not rejecting the term "  bodice-ripper " out of hand . It refers to romance novels published in the 1980s , novels in which the hero , overcome by lusty passion , quite literally ripped the heroine 's blouse , the better to expose her bodacious breasts . His button-scattering fervor allowed the heroine to enjoy sexual pleasure , but without having to explicitly agree to sexual acts , a stance that feminist scholars since then have tied to 1980s mores about women 's erotic behavior . One thing we Shakespeareans tend to forget  surprisingly , given our scholarly historical focus  is that sex -- its practices , its customs and conventions , and prevailing attitudes toward it -- is a function of the historical , cultural and social conditions of a given time and place . What was considered fun to read in the 1980s is n't necessarily considered fun to read now , and thus the bodice-rippers of the '80s went the way of that decade 's aggressive shoulder pads and crumpled leg warmers . The United States of the 21st century is no longer in the same place when it comes to desire , women and the need to wreak havoc on apparel : In keeping with the times , my heroines tend to do their own button-scattering . What I 'm saying is that although eroticism is culturally , geographically and historically specific , we writers of historical romance sexualize history without regard for the specific epoch in which we set a novel . No matter how historically accurate the details and language in our novels might be  and mine , in case you 're wondering , are pretty accurate  , we write sex from the point of view of our own contemporary attitudes and mores . Sex would be hard to be historically precise about anyway : Who really knows what sex was like in 1600 ? Shagging  popular British slang as early as 1770  surely involved the same acts -- but who can say with certainty what emotions were involved ? Scholars are working on that . In mid-March I took myself off to an academic conference at the University of Pennsylvania entitled "  Historicizing Sex : A State of the Field Conference in Early Modern Gender and Sexuality Studies . " The conference pulled together scholars working in feminism , queer theory and gender studies , and asked them to think about when and where cultural meanings get ascribed to sexual acts or anatomical categories . If I 'm accused , in my fiction , of sexualizing history , this conference looked as if it was doing the opposite : historicizing sex . For my money , the best paper delivered at the conference was Richard Rambuss ' "  Cosmopolitan Crashaw : A Study in Style . " As Rambuss pointed out , Richard Crashaw  c. 1613-1649  was an odd bird : a male university poet who wrote rapturously of female patrons and saints , but also of a naked Jesus in extremis . He wrote letters to fellow  need I add , male  poets with talk of "  flaming kisses . " Gender seems to have been a flexible concept to Crashaw ; his poetry rings changes , occasionally referring to female saints with masculine pronouns . Apparently , Crashaw has often been dismissed by poetry scholars , viewed as un-English in his luxurious emotionalism , an "  exotic Italian import , like pasta or castrati , " in Rambuss ' citation of Frank Warnke 's assessment . Rambuss concludes that Crashaw is the "  queerest " of English Renaissance poets , pointing -- in a flurry of lit-crit terms of art -- to his "  queer , ecstatic , transportive traversal of identity positions . " What fascinated me about this paper -- and others at the conference -- was its move toward talking freely about depictions and explorations of historical sex as always being predicated on the present . In other words , there is nothing to recover if we do n't bring ourselves to the task ; once we do , our "  discoveries " are tied to the '80s , or the '90s , or the moment of writing . Rambuss says this rather wonderfully , concluding that he wants to think of Crashaw as an "  early modern proto-gay man -- or a prototype of a certain kind of gay man -- one profoundly enmeshed in various male cultures and forms of male camaraderie , but who is also in love ... with his divas -- real divas , heavenly female figures the likes of Teresa , Mary Magdalene and the Madonna . " Rambuss ' revelation that he "  wants to think of Crashaw " as a prototype of a modern gay man is important . I too want to find myself in the past . The difference between us is that Rambuss turns to Crashaw 's poetry written for his "  sweet friends , " and I turn to my computer and to my imagination . In both cases , when it comes to sex , our observations are circumscribed by our own predilections . So , for all my colleagues , friends and strangers who may be reading this piece , let me make it very clear . My novels are not bodice-rippers , because I am a creature of 2011 . My heroes are prone to whipping out a "  French letter "  now called a condom  . My heroines apparently all saw an early modern version of "  Tootsie , " and know where their responsibilities lie . What neither my heroes nor heroines do is shag . Because I do n't know what that looked like .	Eloisa James writes historical romance novels with a contemporary perspective on sex Author : "  Who really knows what sex was like in 1600 ? " "  Bodice-rippers " : 1980s romance novels where lusty males tore women 's blouses
Washington  CNN  -- Jennifer Tonge is not a lunatic . She is a member of the British House of Lords , appointed to that eminent body in 2005 after a career in politics and medicine . On February 11 , she was asked a question by www.thejc.com , the online version of Britain 's Jewish Chronicle . Tonge serves as patron of an online journal based in Gaza , the Palestine Telegraph . The previous week , the Palestine Telegraph accused the Israeli medical teams doing humanitarian work in Haiti of harvesting organs from earthquake victims . TheJC.com asked Tonge for comment . Tonge first commended the Israeli teams for their work in Haiti . She then added these words : "  To prevent allegations such as these -- which have already been posted on YouTube -- going any further , the IDF and the Israeli Medical Association should establish an independent inquiry immediately to clear the names of the team in Haiti . " The YouTube video to which Tonge refers can be seen here . It 's the work of a solo crank , and hardly seems to require an "  independent inquiry " to refute . The statement to TheJC.com was not Lady Tonge 's first entry into Middle East analysis . She has expressed herself often on the subject of Israel and Israel 's supporters , and in vivid terms . In a speech to a meeting during her Liberal Democratic Party 's annual conference in 2006 , Tonge declared : "  The pro-Israeli lobby has got its grips on the Western world , its financial grips . I think they 've probably got a grip on our party . " That grip was not too tight to prevent Tonge 's party from collectively denouncing Israel for attacking Hezbollah after Hezbollah kidnapped two Israeli soldiers . On February 14 , Lady Tonge was removed from her position as health critic for the Liberal Democratic Party in the House of Lords . But Tonge 's comments did not originate in the ether . They could be footnoted to a respectable newspaper in Sweden . In the summer of 2009 , the Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet published a story about a recent mass indictment in New Jersey . On July 23 , the U.S. attorney for New Jersey announced the arrest of 44 people for a range of criminal enterprises involving bank fraud , rigging of bids on public projects , trafficking in counterfeit goods , etc. . The accused represented the gorgeous mosaic of New Jersey politics , with last names like "  Suarez , " "  Catrillo , " "  Cardwell , " and "  Khalil . " Some of the names were Jewish . One of the Jewish names , Levy Izhak Rosenbaum , was accused of the lurid crime of trafficking in the purchase and sale of human organs . Rosenbaum was said to have offered sums of $ 10,000 to entice poor people in Israel and Eastern Europe to sell kidneys to him , which he would then remarket for $ 160,000 to transplant patients in the United States . Aftonbladet transformed this story of illegal commerce into a story of Jewish predation . The paper gave space to a freelance writer -- Donald Bostrom -- to charge that the Israeli army regularly harvested organs from the bodies of slain Palestinians . After briefly acknowledging that the vast majority of the world 's illegally harvested organs come from China , Pakistan , and the Philippines , Bostrom then hurled this astounding charge : "  Palestinians also harbor strong suspicions that young men have been seized , and made to serve as organ reserve , just as in China and Pakistan , before being killed . " Jewish vampirism is an ancient fantasy , dating back to the Middle Ages . Yet it remains current in the contemporary Middle East . A Syrian film company created a multipart TV drama out of the story in 2003 . The drama was broadcast worldwide on Hezbollah 's al-Manar satellite network . Iranian state TV broadcast a drama in 2004 in which the plot turns on an Israeli plan to steal Palestinian children 's eyes . It 's a winding road from medieval folktales to Hezbollah TV to the New Jersey mob to a Swedish daily to the British House of Lords . But it 's a road traveled by more and more people . On February 11 , Tel Aviv 's Reut Institute presented a paper to the Israeli cabinet warning of "  delegitimization " aimed at the Jewish state . As reported by Ha'aretz , the paper warns : "  The ` delegitimizers ' cooperate with organizations engaging in legitimate criticism of Israel 's policy in the territories such as Amnesty -LSB- International -RSB- and Human Rights Watch , blurring the line between legitimate censure and delegitimization . ... The network 's activists are not mostly Palestinian , Arab or Muslim . Many of them are European and North American left-wing activists , " who portray Israel as a pariah state and deny its right to exist . In the United States , where pro-Israel feeling runs stronger and the activist left is weaker , the delegitimization project focuses less on Israel itself , and more on Israel 's supporters . The central text for this project is a book called "  The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy " co-authored by Profs. Stephen Walt and John Mearsheimer , which argues that "  the Israel lobby " maneuvered the United States into the Iraq war on Israel 's behalf . Walt and Mearsheimer present their argument in delicate language , but it 's the same case argued by Prof. Juan Cole of the University of Michigan , again not a crank , but a past president of the Middle East Studies Association . In a 2004 blog post , Cole wrote of a "  one-two punch secretly planned by the pro-Likud faction in the Department of Defense . First , Iraq would be taken out by the United States , and then Iran . David Wurmser , a key member of the group , also wanted Syria included . These pro-Likud intellectuals concluded that 9/11 would give them carte blanche to use the Pentagon as Israel 's Gurkha regiment , fighting elective wars on behalf of Tel Aviv  not wars that really needed to be fought , but wars that the Likud coalition thought it would be nice to see fought so as to increase Israel 's ability to annex land and act aggressively , especially if someone else 's boys did the dying  . " Hard to miss here the echo of another ancient myth , memorably enunciated by a character in John Buchan 's 1915 spy novel , "  The Thirty-Nine Steps . " " -LSB- If -RSB- you 're on the biggest kind of job and are bound to get to the real boss , 10 to one you are brought up against a little white-faced Jew in a bath-chair with an eye like a rattlesnake . Yes , Sir , he is the man who is ruling the world just now . " Walt returned to his theme in a blog post this week in Foreign Policy : "  Israeli leaders from across the political spectrum became cheerleaders for the invasion , and they played a prominent role in helping to sell the war here in the United States . " This debate came home to the blogosphere last week , when New Republic literary editor Leon Wieseltier published a long article denouncing uber-blogger Andrew Sullivan as either an anti-Jewish bigot or else "  moronically insensitive . " Sullivan -- a former editor of the magazine for which his once-intimate friend Wieseltier writes -- has over the past few months abruptly switched from passionate champion of Israel to strident criticism of Israel and its supporters . Many rallied to Sullivan 's defense on the specific complaint at issue , myself included . But one wishes that people who do not share the malignant feelings of a Tonge would take care not to use the same malignant language . It 's possible to hate Israel without hating Jews . It 's even possible to hate Jews without hating Israel , as is said of a famously nasty British media personality : "  He managed the impressive feat of being intensely anti-Semitic without becoming even slightly pro-Arab . " But these interesting theoretical potentialities exist mainly on the blackboard . In real life , it becomes very difficult to separate hatred of the Jewish state from hatred of the Jews who live in that state . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says Israel is facing a delegitimization campaign He says some critics engage in wild charges without any foundation Frum says he defended Andrew Sullivan against charges of anti-Semitism But he says in other cases , hatred of Israel and of Jews go hand-in-hand
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Call it a case of high tech meeting low tech , really the lowest of tech . Satellites are locating penguin waste , which is easier to find than the penguins themselves British scientists are using pictures from high-powered satellites to pinpoint emperor penguin colonies in Antarctica . The penguins are difficult to pick up on sea ice , because of their natural camouflage that helps them blend into the shadows -- so the British Antarctic Survey had to come up with another method . Fortunately , penguin waste shows up nicely from space , staining the ice a light brown . "  We ca n't see actual penguins on the satellite maps because the resolution is n't good enough , " said mapping expert Peter Fretwell . "  But during the breeding season the birds stay at a colony for eight months . The ice gets pretty dirty and it 's the guano stains that we can see . " The method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those , 10 were new . Of previously known colonies , six had re-located and six were not found . "  This is a very exciting development . Now we know exactly where the penguins are , the next step will be to count each colony so we can get a much better picture of population size , " said penguin ecologist Phil Trathan . "  Using satellite images combined with counts of penguin numbers puts us in a much better position to monitor future population changes over time . " Estimates put the total number of penguins at between 200,000 and 400,000 breeding pairs .	British scientists are using a new way to pinpoint penguin colonies in Antarctica Satellites pick up images of penguin waste as actual penguins can not be seen The method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those , 10 were new
CNN  -- LeBron James is going home to Cleveland Thursday night wearing a Miami Heat jersey , and no less an authority than the basketball-loving president of the United States predicts a rough night . "  It 's going to be brutal , " Barack Obama told reporters Thursday , hours before tip-off . Just to make sure the court is safe for King James , the Cleveland Cavaliers say they will beef up security at Quicken Loans Arena , NBA officials have said . Mary Schmitt Boyer , Cavaliers beat writer for the Cleveland Plain Dealer newspaper , said local fans ' anger could surface Thursday . "  There is a good deal of anger . And I think despite many pleas from fans for sort of nonviolent protests , I think they are probably going to just let LeBron have it , " Boyer said . Former NBA great Kevin McHale agreed that James has more to fear from the fans than the Cavaliers themselves . "  This is their chance to express how they feel . This is the one chance for the fans to yell and scream and boo and get all that off their chest , " he told CNN . His former teammates will want to beat James , McHale said , but as a friendly rivalry , "  like wanting to beat your brother . " James used to be the toast of Ohio but became public enemy No. 1 this summer when he announced on a television special that he was leaving for South Beach to play with the Miami Heat . The decision brought much criticism and sent some Cleveland fans to the streets to burn James ' jersey . Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert seemed to add fuel to fire when he released an emotional statement on the team 's website the night James made the announcement . Gilbert called James ' decision a "  cowardly betrayal " and a "  shocking act of disloyalty , " part of the statement said . He then added , in all capital letters : "  I PERSONALLY GUARANTEE THAT THE CLEVELAND CAVALIERS WILL WIN AN NBA CHAMPIONSHIP BEFORE THE SELF-TITLED FORMER ` KING ' WINS ONE . You can take it to the bank . " Gilbert , who was fined by the NBA for that statement , has since softened his tune . He recently urged Cavaliers fans to be classy when James arrives home Thursday , according to NBA.com . James joined the Cavaliers straight out of high school and played forward for the team for seven seasons . He was a two-time NBA Most Valuable Player when he was with the Cavaliers but he never won the NBA championship . He led the Cavaliers to the NBA finals in 2007 , where they lost to the San Antonio Spurs , but never reached the finals again , despite Cleveland management bringing in supporting stars such as Shaquille O'Neal and Antawn Jamison . James said he will be dealing with his emotions when he returns home for the much-anticipated game . "  It 's going to be very emotional for myself , " James told CNN affiliate WSVN . "  I got a lot of great memories in that city . I give a lot of thanks to that city , a lot of thanks to those fans for giving me the opportunity to not only showcase my talents but grow from a boy to a young man . " CNNRadio 's Richard Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama : "  It 's going to be brutal " A local reporter says fans ' anger could surface LeBron James says the game will be "  emotional " Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert has urged fans to be classy
CNN Student News  -- May 7 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day How might media coverage of various businesses influence your opinions about them ? * * Daily Discussion Questions What news was covered involving the Middle Eastern nation of Iraq ? Why was this significant ? Do you think anything could be done to stop the violence there ? Explain . * * Who was Tamerlan Tsarnaev ? What is the controversy surrounding his remains ? Why has it been difficult to resolve this issue ? In your view , how should it be resolved ? * * According to the segment : What are the potential benefits and limitations of current facial identification software ? What are some of the challenges facing the researchers who are developing this technology ? How are they addressing these challenges ? Do you think that this kind of software could have an impact on your life ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? * * According to the report : Under what circumstances do people currently pay sales taxes on goods bought online ? What changes is the U.S. government considering with regard to online sales taxes ? What do supporters and critics say about this bill ? Do you support or oppose it ? Why ? * * What is the Fortune 500 ? What are some companies on the Fortune 500 top 10 list ? What do you think could affect a company 's position on the Fortune 500 list ? Why do you think some people follow this list ? Which companies on the Fortune 500 top 10 list did you recognize ? What factors might have influenced your recognition of these brands ? * * How does astronaut Chris Hadfield demonstrate what happens when you cry in space ? What is the result of his demonstration ? Why do you think this happened ? If you could design an experiment for space , what would it be ? * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Ariel Binns is cute , smart , outgoing and looks remarkably like first daughter Sasha Obama . Young model Ariel Binns , right , resembles Sasha Obama . The similarity has not gone unnoticed by the fashion industry . Harper 's Bazaar magazine cast the 6-year-old Brooklyn , New York , first-grader with model Tyra Banks in a photo spread showing an African-American family in the White House . Binns , a child model , was peering out from under a big wooden desk in an image reminiscent of John F. Kennedy 's time in office . When it comes to fashion there 's nothing like a powerful brand to boost sales , especially if that brand is a dynamic first family . "  Marketers are finally waking up to it -- you know -- black is beautiful , " says global branding expert David Rogers who predicts African-American models will play a more prominent role in fashion photography as a direct result of the Obamas . "  It 's just going to become part of the fabric of the fashion imagery of pop culture , which is a great thing , " says Rogers . Watch young first daughter look-alike model " At Wilhelmina Kids , a modeling agency in New York for kids and teens , agents say there is increased demand for first daughter look-alikes . "  It 's a trend because , what little girl does n't want to emulate the first kids ? " said Marlene Wallach , president of Wilhelmina , which represents Binns . Unlike the Bush twins or Chelsea Clinton , global branding experts say the appeal of the Obama girls is unique -- and infinitely marketable . After the first kids appeared in their J.Crew outfits on Inauguration Day , the company 's Web site got so many hits , it crashed . "  The most visible , most exciting family in America is this beautiful black family and so people are ready and looking for those kinds of images , " says branding expert David Rogers , adding that a lot of Americans want to identify and , "  find some sort of connection with this family . " There is a downside . The Obamas were not happy when toy manufacturer Ty Inc. came out with African-American dolls named Sweet Sasha and Marvelous Malia even though the company said the dolls did not look like the Obama girls . First lady Michelle Obama 's office said it was "  inappropriate to use young private citizens for marketing purposes . " New York clinical psychologist Judy Kuriansky says many famous families face similar problems . "  I can certainly understand Michelle Obama being protective of her children . Many celebrities in Hollywood feel that way too . They do n't want their children exposed to the public , because once the child is exposed to the public image , not only are they owned , but they could be used in many different ways and it takes away from the child growing up as a normal , average child . " Still , some say the celebrity of Sasha and Malia has a positive effect by presenting a positive and prominent image of young African-American girls . Asked whether she believes the Obama girls will open up possibilities for her own child , Ariel Binns ' mom Dawn Crooks says , "  I think it will . I hope it does . " As for the overall effect , branding expert Rogers says he believes using look-alikes will take diversity to a whole new level .	One young model is getting jobs because she looks like an Obama daughter Expert : "  Marketers are finally waking up to it -- you know -- black is beautiful " J.Crew 's Web site crashed after Obama girls wore the brand on Inauguration Day
CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron has given Sri Lanka a March 2014 deadline to hold an independent international inquiry into alleged war crimes during the country 's 26-year civil war . Cameron held talks with Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa while in the capital of Colombo for the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting on Friday . The summit opened Friday amid concerns about the rights situation after Sri Lanka 's war with the separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , which ended in 2009 . The prime ministers of Canada , Mauritius and India opted not to attend . On Saturday , Cameron acknowledged that Sri Lanka had suffered "  almost three decades of bloody conflict " and that recovery and reconciliation took time . He said he made it clear to Rajapaksa that he had "  a real opportunity , through magnanimity and reform , to build a successful , inclusive and prosperous future for his country . " Among the steps needed to achieve this were "  credible , transparent and independent investigations into alleged war crimes , " Cameron said . "  And let me be very clear . If that investigation is not completed by March , then I will use our position on the U.N. Human Rights Council to work with the U.N. Human Rights Commissioner and call for a full , credible and independent international inquiry . " Cameron said his meeting with the president was "  very frank " and "  nothing was off the agenda . " Read more : Cameron mobbed by protesters in Sri Lanka A statement issued by Rajapaksa 's office earlier Saturday , noted that Cameron had raised concerns "  relating to displaced persons , land issues , military presence in the Province and devolving powers to the newly elected Council . " "  President Rajapaksa , in response , explained that an enormous amount of work has been done in terms of resettlement , rehabilitation and reconstruction of infrastructure destroyed during the conflict . In order to reach consensus on political matters a Parliamentary Special Committee  PSC  has been established for all parties concerned to air their views and reach a settlement , " it said . Read more : Sri Lankan diplomat says rights criticism ` proxy propaganda war ' The statement said Rajapaksa had observed that the PSC was the best forum for the purpose , stating : "  As it is now only four years since the end of the conflict the country needs some more time to overcome all major challenges . " In an interview that aired Thursday on CNN 's "  Amanpour , " Sri Lanka 's high commissioner to the United Kingdom , Chris Nonis , also denied that an independent international inquiry was needed . "  We respect the independence and sovereignty of your country , and we expect you to respect ours . We do n't need an international investigation when we have had a vibrant civilization for 2,500 years . We have perfectly educated people , and I think we 're perfectly capable of carrying out our own domestic inquiry , " he told CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen . Nonis pointed to the 2011 "  Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission " report , which Rajapaksa ordered . "  It 's a very holistic , very comprehensive , very impartial report . It had over 5,000 hearings , and it 's set within the principle of international humanitarian law , incorporating the principle of distinction and the principle of proportionality . " Independent judiciary ? As many as 70,000 people were killed in Sri Lanka 's war . In its final stage , which lasted from September 2008 to May 2009 , the Sri Lankan army advanced into an area of the north where about 330,000 people were trapped by fighting . A U.N. report in 2011 said the government used "  large-scale and widespread shelling " that left a large number of civilians dead . The number of civilian deaths and injuries are unknown to this day , and U.N. figures greatly differ from those in reports from Sri Lanka 's government and various nongovernmental organizations . The International Bar Association 's Human Rights Institute on Friday questioned whether Sri Lanka 's legal system was capable of responding to human rights violations , saying that required an independent judiciary . "  Since the end of the armed conflict , the Sri Lankan government has been systematically dismantling checks and balances on independent justice institutions , " co-chair Helena Kennedy said in a statement . "  The IBAHRI considers that the lack of an independent judiciary will prevent the Sri Lankan legal system from providing an effective investigation into war crimes and human rights violations committed by government forces and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam at the end of the armed conflict in 2009 . " The Commonwealth is a voluntary association of 53 nations that initially formed out of what had been the British Empire . Its charter focuses on developing "  free and democratic societies and the promotion of peace and prosperity to improve the lives of all peoples of the Commonwealth . " Heads of member governments meet every two years .	Sri Lanka has been hosting the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting Some attendees have been questioning Sri Lanka 's human rights record It follows a 26-year civil war with separatist Tamil rebels that ended in 2009 David Cameron says an international inquiry should be held by March
CNN  -- Investigators Wednesday exhumed the body of a 7-year-old Illinois girl slain more than five decades ago in hopes that modern science will bolster the case against the man now accused of killing her . The remains of Maria Ridulph , dead since 1957 , were exhumed for tests as the 71-year-old suspect in her killing was headed back to Illinois from Seattle , DeKalb County State 's Attorney Clay Campbell told reporters . "  Suffice to say science has advanced greatly , thankfully , since that time and we 're hoping that advancement in science can assist us in our investigation of this case , " Campbell said . Ridulph disappeared while playing with a friend near her home in Sycamore , Illinois , about 60 miles west of Chicago . Her body was found five months later and 120 miles away . Jack Daniel McCullough , the man now facing murder charges in her death , was an early suspect in the disappearance but had an alibi : He told police that he was at a military recruiting station in Rockford , Illinois , about 20 miles away , the evening Ridulph was reported missing . McCullough told investigators he had been given a train ticket from Rockford to Chicago by the military , then returned home and went on a date with his girlfriend . But when police interviewed the woman again in 2010 and asked if she had any photos of McCullough , she discovered an unused train ticket from Rockford to Chicago that she said he had given her on the date of the crime . The discovery led to McCullough 's arrest in Seattle in early July . Campbell said Wednesday that McCullough was en route to Illinois from Washington state to face murder charges in Ridulph 's death . Maria 's brother , Charles Ridulph , appeared at a news conference with Campbell and said the family had agreed to the exhumation . "  Although the events were very difficult and very unsettling , we understand the necessity for these things , and we are in complete agreement and thankful for the way this case is being handled , " he said .	Maria Ridulph 's remain were exhumed Wednesday , 54 years after her death Investigators hope new tests will bolster their case The man accused of killing the 7-year-old is being extradited from Seattle
Nihiwatu , Sumba , Indonesia  CNN  -- "  This has been voted one of the best left-hand breaks on the planet . But watch out for the reef if you get dumped -- try and shallow fall . " The surfing instructor knows who he 's dealing with -- an uncoordinated , naturally ungifted sportsman on the wrong side of fit and very embarrassed at being Australian yet unable to surf . And totally in awe of the view back to the beach and surrounding coastline while floating impressively ungainly between wave sets . A scene like this , of the beach , gardens and hillside of the unassuming Nihiwatu resort on Indonesia 's eastern island of Sumba island , makes a morning of shallow falling  read : tumbling like a drunken cat in a washing machine  totally palatable . The beauty is immense and the urge to dole out "  paradise " - riddled cliches is equally immense . Yet , there 's something more tranquil about this setting , a sense of harmony in the way the resort blends in effortlessly with its surroundings -- even with this surfer wannabe in the frame . Finding the ` perfect place ' The hotel is the remarkable result of a vision of colorful resort founder Claude Graves , who in 1984 with his wife , Petra , packed up their life in Africa to go in search of the perfect wave . The ambition , he says , was to create a "  perfect place " around that perfect experience . It has so far proven a story well worth retelling . "  I wanted to create something totally experiential that did n't detract from the area , " says Grave . "  The best travel is around the best experiences . " After four years , and finding what has become known locally as The Wave , he and Petra ended up here in Nihiwatu on the southern coast of the relatively unknown Sumba , an island about an hour 's flight east of Bali . Land time almost forgot The couple camped on the beach , an idyllic 2.5-kilometer-long stretch of sand . The beach is still difficult to access for anyone other than local villagers , and thus serves as something of a private beach for guests . It 's hard to imagine this same sand was the scene , barely six months before the Graves ' arrival , of a massive battle between 2,000 local tribesmen . Indeed , Sumba could be easily labeled an island that time almost forgot . That clash was an illustration of the fiercely traditional , territorial and tribal nature of Sumbanese culture -- reinforced by the swords the village men strap to their sides to this day . It 's also , by Western standards , incredibly poor with little to no utilities access and infrastructure for many , if not most , villages . This lack of standard resources posed a challenge for Graves and his plans . Becoming Sumbanese Through years of assimilation , negotiation , trust and countless pig sacrifices , Graves ingrained himself with the local community . "  We always said that if we found and developed a place , it had to be inclusive , " says Graves , who confesses to not being a "  hotel man . " "  Tourism has the best potential economically in Sumba but if locals are not connected to it , it will be a big disaster . "  We could n't imagine building a hotel here without including the locals so that all would benefit . " Claude began building what became the only resort on the island -- training and employing locals from various tribes and encouraging inter-tribal marriages , to assist in easing tensions . The hotel soft opened in 2001 and had its first full year in 2005 . Keen to protect the highly regarded surf spot from the overuse and abuse displayed in places like Bali , Graves restricted the number of surfers allowed at the hotel at any one time . He eventually acquired around 600 acres but developed only a small portion of that , impacting as little of the environment as he could . The Sumba Foundation Quickly , the location became something of a surf icon , attracting to this day those chasing that perfect wave . A natural reef provides a clean , rolling break . It also drew Sean Downs , a U.S. businessman who was so taken by the location , the people of Sumba and their needs , that he established the Sumba Foundation with Graves in 2001 . The foundation now impacts and supports around 120 square miles around the hotel and has directly reduced malaria infection rates by 85 % in the 400-plus villages in that area . There are now five health clinics as well as malnutrition programs in the area , created from some of the approximate $ 5 million donated to the foundation so far . The foundation supports several schools and has built more than 60 water wells and around 250 water stations . The latter has been key in helping to empower communities , says Rudi Weru , the on-the-ground manager and part of a team of around three dozen full-time Sumba Foundation staff . "  Now people do n't have to spend their whole day traveling to fetch water . Instead , children for instance can go to school and learn , " Weru says . The Sumba Foundation is independent financially from the hotel , but draws on donations from Nihiwatu guests , the wealthier of which account for a high percentage of donations and thus impact directly the tens of thousands of locals the foundation supports . "  More and more these days people want to have a purpose with traveling . It 's not enough where people go and lie down on the beach and have a drink , " says Dr Claus Boch , the foundation 's health program director . "  You ca n't just come and enjoy the beauty of the place without giving back . So I think it really works extremely well between the hotel , the foundation and what we do . " Due to its association with the foundation and integration with the environment and local communities and customs , the hotel has won a raft of responsible and sustainable tourism awards . Graves hopes his model is transferable elsewhere . "  Places like this that are leading the way will influence older hotels and sections of the industry . Clients will demand it . People will say I am not going to that hotel and instead go to where they feel their money is being well spent , " Graves says . The hotel is the largest employer on the island with around 300 full-time Subanese staff plus 150 daily workers -- making up more than 90 % of its total workforce . Dato Daku is among the original employees . For him the experience at Nihiwatu -- from a daily worker to gardener to restaurant waiter -- is easily summed up . "  I want to die here , " the father of three boys and three girls told CNN during a visit to Sumba last year . "  In Sumba it is difficult to find a job . It has helped a lot of local people find work . "  I can send my brothers and sisters and children to university or other parts of Indonesia now . " More than surfing The hotel has 22 exceptional open-plan villas , designed to be low impact , drawing on Graves ' philosophy and vision of integration by utilizing local designs , materials and construction techniques . Experiences for Nihiwatu guests can include trips to nearby villages and clinics or programs the Sumba Foundation runs or supports . "  You can go into the villages , you can experience daily life , you can go to the markets and you can contribute if you want . And most do because they want to and it 's not a tough sell . They really want to be a part of it and they really want to keep coming back to see the good work they 've done , " says James McBride , managing partner at Nihiwatu . The Wave remains the most famous draw card , luring surfers from the world over , and limits itself to 10 surfers at the break per day . Another 10 villas are due to be completed by March 2015 -- part of a plan to host those keen on more than just surfing . Indeed , for those like this writer , not able to ride a board , there 's a lot more to Nihiwatu than surfing . The range of activities available includes a full range of spa options , waterfall hikes , biking , scuba diving and snorkeling , yoga , day trips and horseback riding . A stand up paddleboard trip to nearby Wanukaku river is thoroughly recommended , but be warned of smiling local kids who dive bomb paddlers at every opportunity . Graves recently stepped back from his role at the hotel , selling it to new owner Chris Burch , who has partnered with shareholder and established hotel manager , McBride . Graves is in and out of Sumba and still focused on the Foundation now that there are a regular batch of guests that keep returning -- many of them keen to see the continued progress their support for the foundation has made . "  We 've proven that if you get it right , guests will come back . Guests get involved and it is beneficial for all , " Graves says . And this guest just might even be able to surf next time around . How to get there All profits from Nihiwatu go to the Sumba Foundation . You can make donations or find out more about the foundation here . Rates are all inclusive  food , drinks , activities  with some optional extras . Accommodation starts at $ 495 per person per night for the rest of 2014 , based on double occupancy and are exclusive of VAT and service charges . From March 2015 , full board rates  food and non-alcoholic drinks  start at $ 900 per room per night based on the size of the villa . Activities are at an additional cost . There 's a minimum stay of three or seven days , depending on the season  high season runs mid-June to mid-October  . Nihiwatu is closed January and February . There are three flights daily to Sumba 's Tambolaka airport on the west of the island  plus a weekly charter flight  and the hotel will organize transfers . Flight connections are made via Bali 's Ngurah Rai International Airport in Denpasar . Click here for more Nihiwatu villa and reservation/rate details . CNN 's Amanda Sealy and Scott Clotworthy contributed to this story .	Nihiwatu resort in Indonesia overlooks one of the best surf breaks in the world The hotel co-exists with the Sumba Foundation , which supports local communities The integration of the resort with the community has led to various eco - and sustainability awards
CNN  -- Yes , a pope can resign but it has n't happened for nearly 600 years . The surprising news from Rome Monday leaves the church and the world in unfamiliar , but not entirely uncharted , territory . The last time a pope resigned was in 1415 , when Pope Gregory XII resigned during the worst institutional crisis in the church 's history . Called the Great Western Schism , there were not only three popes but three colleges of cardinals competing for allegiance . Gregory 's heroic stepping down helped the church heal at a critical moment . It is quite likely that Benedict 's shocking move will help burnish his reputation in the long run . His papacy has been a bumpy one , marked by poor communication among his Vatican staff , and with the church at large . Certainly his controversial wording about Islam in his speech at Regensburg in 2006 was an example of a scholar pope unable to reach a mass audience , especially when compared to the media maestro John Paul II . All sorts of internal curial squabbling marked what was supposed to be a Roman housecleaning by a German administrator who did n't turn out to be up to that task . Pope Benedict 's statement in full This pope will go down in history in the line of scholar popes more interested in high-end theology than modern evangelism . But that should not be seen as a criticism even though anyone elected after the superstar John Paul II was destined -- perhaps doomed -- to seem smaller compared to such a giant . All eras of church histories have seen different popes for different times , so perhaps what the church needed was a quiet pope after a boisterous papacy . Yet the introverted pope who played Mozart seemed unable to hit the right note when it came to addressing the major issue of the last decade : The priest sex abuse scandal and the related problem of bishops who protected predators . This makes for a decidedly mixed verdict -- at least today . CNN iReport : What do you think ? The precedents to his surprise move are few.The first pope to resign was Pontian , in 235 , when Christianity was still an illegal religion in the Roman Empire . He was deported from Rome to Sardinia to a prison known for its brutality . Since he knew he would die there , he resigned so a successor would be in place . The pope 's German roots The most famous resignation is Celestine V in 1294 . A hermit , totally unsuited to the politics of the medieval papal court , he resigned after less than half a year in office . Dante famously put Celestine at the gates of hell for his "  great refusal " or , in Italian , il gran rifiuto . So why is Pope Benedict resigning ? It seems , like Celestine V and maybe even Paul VI , that Benedict was never quite comfortable as pope . It could be that this very traditional man is setting a helpful precedent for modern medical times , and making papal resignations easier in the future due to ill health . Benedict may have simply come to the moment where he realized he could n't do the job any more . Unlike John Paul II , who decided to stay in the job , Benedict is offering a different model . Pope Benedict will surely retire quietly to a Benedictine monastery to keep writing , the life he imagined for himself before his election . Abuse mars legacy The question now is what authority does have an ex-pope have . When he renounces the papal throne , he no longer has papal authority . Joseph Ratzinger must be very careful not to interfere or to answer the inevitable phone calls when his successor makes a move that appears different from the one he would have made . To interfere would be out of character , so it seems likely that this careful theologian and prototypical company man will go gently into that good night . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Bellitto	Pope Benedict 's resignation leaves the church and the world in unfamiliar , but not entirely uncharted , territory This pope will go down in history as more interested in high-end theology than modern evangelism He was unable to hit the right note when it came to addressing the priest sex abuse scandal It seems likely this careful theologian and prototypical company man will fade quietly from public view
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama spoke with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Saturday about the violence in Gaza , which has left as many as 225 people dead , two transition aides told CNN . Barack Obama 's approach to the Middle East as president will be the subject of much scrutiny . "  The president-elect appreciated the call and the information from Secretary Rice , " one aide said , adding that Obama initiated the eight-minute phone call . "  He will continue to closely monitor these and other global events . " Israeli airstrikes pounded targets in Hamas-ruled Gaza on Saturday and continued into the night , retaliating against Palestinian militants who have been escalating rocket attacks against southern Israel . The fighting ignited eight days after a six-month Egypt-brokered cease-fire between Hamas and Israel expired . Obama has pledged to make Middle East peace a priority from the beginning of his presidency . Arabs are calling for a more even-handed approach than the Bush administration , but Israel is expecting Obama to stay true to the pro-Israel posture he showed during the campaign . But one analyst of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict cautioned against putting "  dangerously high " expectations on the incoming administration . "  I think the tone of American politics will change : You 're going to get a serious effort on behalf of the new administration , " said Aaron David Miller , a public policy scholar at the Washington-based Woodrow Wilson International Center and a former adviser to six secretaries of state on Arab-Israeli relations . But , he told CNN , "  the fact is that unless the Israelis and Palestinians are prepared -- which they 're not right now -- to take the political decisions required to overcome the gaps and to sell an agreement to their respective constituents , there 's not much a new president , no matter how bold or charismatic he may be , is going to be able to do about that . " CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .	President-elect initiated eight-minute call with secretary of state Obama "  will continue to closely monitor " Middle East events , aide says He has promised to make peace in the region a priority
Parenting.com  -- A dad looks at how long it really takes a kid to sleep alone : Getting the baby to sleep is a challenge for many parents . 1:28 a.m. Every couple of hours , Jack  2 weeks  cries . My wife feeds him , then hands him to me to change his diaper . It 's an equitable division of labor , but I wish I could sleep . 2:15 a.m. Jack  1 month  is sleeping between me and my wife because this way she can nurse while she dozes . I 'm happy , but so tired . He 's on his back , and there are no pillows or blankets around him , but I 'm wide-awake , thinking about SIDS . He 's like a little hot-water bottle . His breath is sweet and milky against my face . 10 p.m. I 'm lying on a tiny crib mattress on the floor next to the crib . We 're trying to get Jack  9 months  to sleep through the night . His mother and I take turns lying next to him on the floor and holding his hand through the slats . I miss my wife . 1:36 a.m. Jack  12 months  is sleeping in between us , again . Lying next to his crib did n't work -- Jack kept crying , waking both of us . This way , we all get some sleep . Parenting.com : Dad 's in charge ? Uh oh . 4:27 a.m. I 'm wide-awake because Jack  15 months  kicked me in the groin . I have to get up to drive my wife to New York , then turn around and drive back home with Jack , all on about three hours of sleep . I decide that while his mother is gone , I will Ferberize him . Parenting.com : Ferberizing is not what you think it is 9:13 p.m. Jack  15 months and a day  is in his crib , crying , crying , crying . 10:11 p.m. Jack  15 months and a week  is in his crib , alone and asleep . Ferberizing worked . Suddenly I have a great idea -- let 's have another baby ! But this would require that my wife and I stay awake for longer than ten seconds once our heads hit the pillows . 12:02 a.m. . In bed with my wife , I 'm feeling romantic , but then Jack  18 months  cries out . He has a fever . We give him kids ' Motrin and bring him back into bed with us . He 's burning up . 11:21 p.m. Jack  18 months and a week  is no longer sick , but now he 's back in our bed , every night . It 's once again the only way he 'll go down . 7 a.m. I realize that for the first time , Jack  22 months  has finally slept through the night . Now we have to get him out of diapers and back in his own room . 11:41 p.m. . We are lying in an H formation . Jack  2 years  is nestled into his mother 's chest , perpendicular to us , with his feet lodged against my throat , trying to push me off the bed . Freud was right about Oedipus . Parenting.com : Why good dads make moms jealous 4:25 a.m. Jack  3 years  has kicked the covers off me again and I wake up , shivering . I pull the covers up . He kicks them off . I pull them up . He kicks them off . I go downstairs , turn on the TV , and fall asleep on the couch . 2:15 p.m. I 'm sound asleep , dreaming . Unfortunately , I 'm at work . Tomorrow is Jack 's fourth birthday . Last night in bed , he said , "  Hey , why do I have to sleep in the middle ? " 7:30 p.m. I am lying in the new twin bed we bought Jack  41/4 years  , to show him how it works . We made a big deal of it , his very own Big Boy Bed , and we let him pick out the dinosaur sheets and the dinosaur comforter . All is ready . 12:05 a.m. I 'm in this big empty bed , alone . We told Jack that on his fifth birthday he 'd have to sleep in his own bed , because that 's what big boys do , and he agreed . He wants very much to be a big boy . On his birthday , my wife lay down with him at 8:30 and fell sound asleep . 5:02 a.m. I get up and peek in on Jack  51/2  . He 's been sleeping alone in his room for almost a month now . I get back into bed with my wife and snuggle up next to her . At least I think it 's her -- it 's been a while . She feels good against my skin , but now I miss Jack . I miss getting kicked in the throat . I miss getting the covers pulled off of me . Where 's my little boy ? How did he grow up so fast ? 9:42 p.m. Hearing a noise , my wife and I go upstairs to check on Jack  6  . He says he was having a bad dream . We lie down with him , three of us in a twin bed . It 's crowded , but if we brought him into our bed again , we 'd never get him out . His breath is still sweet and milky on my cheek . How could this not be okay ? This is my family . Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Parenting Magazine - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2009 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Dad recalls stages of son 's sleep -- and his own not sleeping Infant son 's crying or dad 's fear of smothering kept him awake Child has fever , parents put him in their bed . Child refuses to sleep in crib Dad misses boy who now sleeps alone in his big boy bed
The best kids ' attractions are fun for adults , too . "  When you spend the whole day at some place like a theme park or zoo , you want everyone in your family to enjoy it -- young and old , " said Travis Katz , CEO and co-founder of travel planning site Gogobot . That 's what the site 's favorite spots for kids have in common , Katz said . The 15 best attractions in the U.S. for kids , announced Tuesday as part of Gogobot 's Travelers ' Favorites awards , were selected based on Gogobot user recommendations and the number of visits from the site 's 3.7 million users . How young is too young to travel ? And the best in the U.S. for kids ? That would be the Exploratorium on Pier 15 in San Francisco . The interactive learning lab features 600 exhibits . "  The slogan at the entrance says ` Touch Everything , ' making it more like a giant playground than a museum , " Katz said . Plus , there 's an evening event for adults only on the first Thursday of each month , with a cash bar and film screenings in addition to the exhibits . See ? Fun for everyone . And the world 's busiest airport is ...	Travel site Gogobot names travelers ' picks for best kids ' attractions in the U.S. Top draws include science museums , theme parks and animals Bats under a Texas bridge come in at No. 5 on the list
CNN  -- It took more than 3 1/2 decades , but Victoria Montenegro has finally recovered the remains of her father , and in doing so , her identity . The Argentinian mother of three , who lives in Buenos Aires , this week received confirmation that a body found in a Uruguayan cemetery is that of her father , Roque Orlando Montenegro , who disappeared in 1976 when she was just a few days old . It 's a story about the depths of repression reached during Argentina 's so-called Dirty War from 1976 to 1983 . Thousands of people , mainly leftists , trade unionists , students , Marxists and their sympathizers , were targeted by the military regime that took power in March 1976 and even before then . Some were executed ; many others simply were never heard from again . Victoria Montenegro had been seeking the truth about her father since she learned in the year 2000 , when she was 24 years old , that the military couple who raised her were not her biological parents . "  I was appropriated , " Montenegro says , using the term given to children whose parents were killed or disappeared during the Dirty War and were given to other couples . The organization known as Abuelas de Plaza de Mayo  May Square Grandmothers  , helped her find the truth about her identity . The organization helps people , who were taken away from their politically persecuted parents as children , reconnect with their past . Guillermo Wulff , a spokesman with Abuelas , says that for Montenegro , learning the truth was n't easy . "  It took a long time for her to accept it ; but when she did , she was then ready for the next step , which was finding out how her parents died , " Wulff said . The Argentinian Forensic Anthropology Team  EAAF by its Spanish acronym  announced this week that forensic and DNA tests prove that human remains found in a Uruguayan cemetery are those of Roque Orlando Montenegro , known as "  Toti , " who went missing in February 1976 when he was 20 years old . Luis Fondevrider , president of EAAF , said that identifying the remains of Montenegro was a process that started 10 years ago in Colonia , Uruguay , across the Rio de La Plata from Buenos Aires . "  In 2002 we exhumed eight unidentified bodies from the cemetery in Colonia . At that time , we had no hypothesis as to how the bodies ended up there , " said Fondevrider . EAAF took DNA and forensic samples from the bodies . In 2007 , the independent organization started taking blood and DNA samples from people in Argentina with missing relatives . Victoria Montenegro was one of 8,500 people who left samples over the following four years . Finally , a match was made this year . But how did the body of a man kidnapped in Buenos Aires end up in a different country ? Fondevrider believes Montenegro was killed during the so-called "  death flights , " a series of military flights in which political prisoners were thrown alive into the sea . Montenegro 's body probably washed ashore on the Uruguayan coast . A nameless tombstone was placed over his grave in Colonia . For Victoria Montenegro , seeking the truth about her origins has been a slow and painful process , but she says knowing what truly happened has given her some closure . "  Recovering my true identity was paramount , " Montenegro said . "  Having a true identity is a human right . Recovering the remains of my father has been important not only to understand how he died , but also to bring some justice to Argentina and the victims of the regime . " Montenegro says her rendezvous with her past is only halfway done . Her adoptive parents , whom she calls "  my appropriators , " told her both of her biological parents had died in a Buenos Aires shootout in February 1976 . She has no knowledge or clues about what happened to her mother . Her adoptive parents are deceased . She called it "  a miracle " that the Godmothers organization found her and , "  with a drop of my blood , was able to identify the remains of my father , buried in Uruguay since 1976 . " Now with a son who , at 20 , is as old as her father was when he disappeared , Montenegro said she hopes the episode shines a little more light on a dark past . "  As painful as it may be , we need to find the truth about our history , " she said . "  By exhuming and identifying our loved ones after all these years , we give them back their dignity . "	Victoria Montenegro , 36 , learned of her real father just 12 years ago She learned this week that a body found in a Uruguayan cemetery was his Roque Orlando Montenegro was 20 at the time of the 1976-83 "  Dirty War " Victoria Montenegro still has no idea what happened to her mother
Washington  CNN  -- A showdown meeting Tuesday between U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and the House Oversight Committee chairman failed to resolve their dispute , which could result in a contempt vote against the nation 's top prosecutor . Holder and Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , met for about 40 minutes to discuss Issa 's demand for more documents relating to Operation Fast and Furious , a botched federal firearms sting operation that allowed weapons to reach Mexican drug gangs . After the meeting , Issa told reporters that Holder has yet to provide the documents sought by the panel . Unless at least some of the documents are handed over before the committee meets Wednesday morning , it will proceed in considering a contempt measure , Issa said . "  We are disappointed , " Issa said . "  We never expected to get all the documents . Our hope was and still is that later this evening we 'll get the documents . " Holder said he offered to provide the documents to Issa on the condition that Issa provided his assurance that doing so would satisfy two committee subpoenas and resolve the dispute . "  I think the ball 's in their court , " Holder told reporters . "  They rejected what I thought was an extraordinary offer on our part . " Asked about whether Issa was open to resolving the issue before the committee meets Wednesday , Holder said : "  I think we actually are involved more in political gamesmanship " instead of a sincere effort to get the requested documents . A Justice Department spokesman reiterated Holder 's position that the documents would show Holder had nothing to hide about his role in Fast and Furious . After the meeting , Deputy Attorney General James Cole sent a letter to Issa , expressing disappointment . "  Our offer would have provided the committee with unprecedented access to these documents , many of which are not covered by the committee 's subpoenas in this matter , " he wrote . "  We had hoped that you shared our interest in bringing this matter to an amicable resolution and we regret that you rejected our extraordinary proposal to do so . " The meeting in the Capitol building amounted to both sides reiterating positions already staked out through an exchange of letters over the past week . A committee statement issued before Tuesday 's meeting said it was a chance for Holder to meet the panel 's demands for additional documents , which would allow for a postponement . "  Currently ,  the Department of Justice  has not delivered or shown the committee any of the documents it has said it is prepared to produce , " the statement continued . "  It is not clear if they will actually produce these documents to the committee before the Wednesday vote to facilitate a postponement . " Holder , however , said he made an unprecedented offer of documents and a briefing to the committee , which so far has turned him down . Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , the ranking Democrat on the committee who also attended the meeting , said Holder was trying to end a protracted standoff with the Republican-led panel . "  He sees this as a never-ending process , " Cummings said in describing Holder 's concerns about the continuing requests for more documentation . Another person in the room , Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Pat Leahy , D-Vermont , said afterward that he supported Holder and appreciated "  that he is going the extra mile to resolve this . " Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa , ranking Republican member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , also participated in the meeting with Holder and Issa . "  The attorney general wants to trade a briefing and the promise of delivering some small , unspecified set of documents tomorrow for a free pass today , " Grassley said after the meeting . "  He wants to turn over only what he wants to turn over and not give us any information about what he 's not turning over . That 's unacceptable . I 'm not going to buy a pig in a poke . " Issa has accused the attorney general of stonewalling an investigation into Fast and Furious and how the Justice Department provided Congress with erroneous information about it . The department says it already has handed over more than 7,000 pages of records to House investigators , and that the remaining material Issa wants could jeopardize criminal prosecutions . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives launched Operation Fast and Furious out of Arizona to track weapon purchases by Mexican drug cartels . However , it lost track of more than 1,000 firearms that the agency had allowed straw buyers to carry across the border , and two of the lost weapons turned up at the scene of the killing of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry . Asked by a reporter about why he was pushing so hard , Issa said it was because the nation and Terry 's family deserved to know as much information as possible about the program linked to Terry 's death . In particular , Issa 's committee wants documents that show why the Department of Justice decided to withdraw as inaccurate a February 2011 letter sent to Congress that said top officials had only recently learned about Fast and Furious . The back-and-forth letters exchanged between Holder and Issa before Tuesday 's meeting revealed an incremental negotiation over what the committee wanted and what the Department of Justice was offering to provide . In a late Monday letter , Issa made clear he wanted the documents ahead of time and also wanted Grassley , a leading Holder critic , to take part . Holder agreed to a meeting but told Issa he wanted to include Cummings and Leahy . His letter Monday said the purpose of the meeting would be to reach an agreement that would avoid a "  constitutional confrontation , " a reference to the committee 's planned vote on the contempt measure . Last week , Holder fended off a call for his resignation at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing , where Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , accused him of misleading Congress over the Fast and Furious program and other misdeeds . Holder called Cornyn 's complaint "  almost breathtaking in its inaccuracy , " adding , "  I do n't have any intention of resigning . " CNN 's Tom Cohen and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	"  I 'm not going to buy a pig in a poke , " Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa says Rep. Issa expresses disappointment over the continuing standoff Attorney Gen. Holder says Issa is playing political games House Oversight Committee could act Wednesday on contempt vote against Holder
CNN  -- It 's not just clothes , shoes , sofas and other household goods that are on sale right now -- plenty of footballers are up for grabs as well . The January transfer window opened on New Year 's day in Europe -- 31 days of opportunity for clubs , be they title chasing or relegation haunted , to reinvent their season . A window of opportunity for players to seek pastures new . A window of opportunity for fans to dream afresh . And a window of opportunity for agents and lawyers -- football 's middle men -- to secure their cut from these transfers . The biggest deal so far was actually arranged during the previous transfer window , in August . Brazil international Lucas Moura has now signed a four-and-a-half-year contract to join big-spending French club Paris St. Germain from Sao Paulo in a transfer worth an initial $ 52.8 million , with up to $ 6.6 m in bonuses . File under bargain Within hours of this window opening , struggling English Premier League club Reading confirmed the signing of Sporting Lisbon captain Daniel Carrico . The 24-year-old former Portugal Under-21 defender has signed an initial two-and-a-half-year contract , with the option of a further year , after Reading paid $ 990,000 for him . By all accounts Reading have snagged a bargain . Over in Italy , Inter Milan 's Wesley Sneijder , who has not played for the Serie A club since September -- partly due to injury , partly due to a dispute over his contract -- is another player likely to move during the January window . The 28-year-old is one of football 's highest-paid players , but he has struggled to regain the heights of 2010 when he helped the Netherlands reach the World Cup final after a treble-winning season with Inter , who are keen to reduce their wage bill . Speculation also surrounds the playing futures of a host of other players , including the likes of Barcelona striker David Villa and midfielder Frank Lampard of Chelsea . " I think it 'll be reasonably quiet in continental Europe , but I can see a few high profile moves happening in England , " Monaco chief executive Tor-Kristian Karlsen told CNN . "  In the English Premier League the stakes are so high as regards to television money that in certain scenarios it does actually make sense to spend relatively heavily in an effort to secure an objective , be it a higher table position or staying up . " Buyer beware Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has called the January transfer window "  the silly season " . That is because clubs are loathe to sell their best players midway through the season and if they do more often than not will slap a premium on the departing star , just as Liverpool did when they sold Fernando Torres to Chelsea for $ 80m in 2011 , with the Anfield club subsequently paying Newcastle $ 57m for Andy Carroll . Those two transfers perhaps best demonstrate the danger of buying in January , with Torres only just starting to recapture the form he showed at Liverpool , while Carroll is now on loan at West Ham . It is not just the transfer fee and the players ' wages that clubs also have to take into consideration when they sign a star -- there is also the cost incurred by employing the agents who oil the wheels of every transfer deal . Between October 1 , 2011 and September 30 , 2012 , English Premier League clubs spent over $ 123 million on fees to agents , who fill a dual role -- sometimes working for clubs , while also representing players . It is a competitive business . In England there are 493 licensed agents , Italy has 937 , Spain has 559 , while Brazil has 291 , according to the FIFA website . "  There are too many agents chasing too few players of commercial potential which leads to a ruthless , cut-throat industry , " wrote lawyer and agent Mel Stein recently , estimating that there is a ratio of one agent for every six professional players in England . Even before the window had opened Newcastle found themselves at the sharp end of that "  cut-throat industry " as Chelsea expressed an interest in signing Magpies striker Demba Ba . Representatives of the Senegal international , who has an $ 11.3 m release clause in his Newcastle contract , held talks with Chelsea on Sunday , which were described as unproductive . Yet by Wednesday Chelsea had triggered the release clause in Ba 's contract and Newcastle finally gave the 27-year-old permission to speak to the European Champions League holders . The role of Ba 's representatives -- according to UK media reports his agents want to share fees of $ 3.25 m -- has irked Newcastle manager Alan Pardew . "  In some respects I feel a little bit sorry for Demba , " said Pardew . "  There are people out there fueling this who are not actually involved or want to be involved and that 's the sort of world that we are in . " Ba 's official agent is Alexandre Gontran . CNN was unable to reach him via phone or email , but another source close to the negotiations dismissed the 27-year-old forward 's reported demand for a signing on fee of # 2m  $ 3.25 m  and a weekly wage of # 100,000  $ 163,000  as "  ludicrous . " "  When I negotiate a transfer I try to do a deal where everybody comes out a winner -- the selling and buying club , the player and the agent , " added the source , who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of such negotiations . However , the regulation of agents is proving cause for concern for world governing body FIFA . With as few as 25-30 % of international transfers concluded using licensed agents , FIFA wants to ditch the system for regulating them . "  A possible new approach could be to regulate the conduct of clubs and players , and extend the scope of the regulations to include all kinds of intermediaries , " FIFA said in November . "  In other words , the regulations would stop attempting to regulate access to the activity , and instead control the activity itself . "  Players and clubs could choose any parties as intermediaries , but would have to meet certain criteria and respect certain principles . This approach would also result in the annulment of the current licensing system . " But FIFA 's hopes of reforming the agents ' regulations have met opposition from a number of leading football associations , and for the time being the idea of deregulation has been kicked into the long grass . Not that the agents are particularly happy with how the current system works , with one describing it as a "  joke . " "  I belong to a generation of agents that had to make a deposit of $ 219,000 to get the license , " said Brazilian agent Paulo Teixeira . "  I got mine in 1997 as co-founder of the Associaao Brasileira Agentes FIFA . There were only seven of us and we were called ` the Golden Seven . ' "  Then the deposit was dropped , replaced by an insurance scheme , which had to be done in every country . The FIFA agent concept disappeared then , and licenses had to be issued by every association . "  If you want a license , I can show you the way to get one for a maximum of $ 6,600 . " Administrative backlog Where huge sums of money are involved , disputes invariably follow , thereby providing an administrative headache for FIFA , which has to deal with 3,500 complaints a year relating to transfers . One French agent , Malick Coulibaly , who is still waiting for a decision over a complaint he filed to FIFA in September 2010 over a transfer , is so fed up with the backlog that he is trying organize a petition among agents to bring about reform of the system . "  A lot of agents or players called me to tell me about their problem with too long a delay . There is a one-session trial per month , which is incredible for the number of cases , " he said . "  These delays break careers of players and lead to a lot of collapses of business for agents because many of them do n't pursue litigation . " A FIFA spokesman said that type of delay was "  very unusual from the cases I 've had to help provide answers to in the past . " The more you delve into the world of transfers the riskier business it appears . If buyers should beware of rushing to find a bargain in the January sales , agents and players might also proceed with caution .	Football 's January transfer window opened on New Year 's day in Europe Window reveals tensions between clubs , players and their agents As few as 25-30 % of international transfers are concluded using licensed agents World governing body FIFA receives 3,500 complaints a year relating to transfers
CNN  -- Keep your head down and your mouth shut . Play the game . Smile for the camera . Collect your fat paycheck . And go home . That has been the mantra for far too many professional athletes for as long as I can recall over my 20 years of working in sports media . Most sports stars have chosen to stand for nothing , believing instead that donning a uniform on game day and dazzling the world with their superior athletic skills somehow fulfills their contribution as American citizens . That somehow their physical gifts excuse them from being an active player in the game we call life . Truth be told , we journalists have been willing co-conspirators -- all too happy to stick to safe X-and-O questions about the game and avoid the uncomfortable issues . In fact , there was a time not too long ago when any question to a pro athlete that carried a whiff of controversy would mean "  interview over . " But that was yesterday . Today -- finally -- a few bold athletes are changing the game , finding their voices and speaking out about injustices they see -- whether fans like it , or not ; whether their coaches like it , or not . On Sunday , five St. Louis Rams players raised high their hands in a "  do n't shoot " stance to show their solidarity with the Ferguson , Missouri , protesters after the grand jury decision not to indict the police officer who shot an unarmed 18-year-old , Michael Brown . Some police , pundits and fans have objected , but the players are n't apologizing . They are following in a proud tradition of agitators from the distant past who demanded the world see them not only as sports icons but as proud men and women who would use their talent to fight for equality in America . Men such as Muhammad Ali , a conscientious objector to the Vietnam War and forceful voice for black equality in his own nation , and tennis great Arthur Ashe , who marched along with civil rights leaders in the '60s and became a leading voice in the global fight against apartheid in South Africa . Olympians Tommie Smith and John Carlos lifted their black power salute during the medal ceremony of the 1968 Summer Games to protest racism in the United States . That day , Carlos wore a necklace of black beads on the Olympic podium to represent the thousands of African-Americans who were lynched at the hands of white racists in America . Smith carried a box containing an olive branch to call for peace . Those athletes refused to sit on the sidelines and ignore racial injustice in their lifetimes . The goal was to inspire a nation , not just to win games . Phenomenal women such as Althea Gibson and Billie Jean King vocally advocated across generations for gender and racial equality . Those women never let sports fans forget that they stood for something far greater than the game . Could it be that now a new generation of athletes has at last found a renewed sense of purpose and recognized their power beyond the sports ? It 's about time . I 'm proud of each one of these young men and women who are finding the courage to speak up and speak out -- to join their rightful place in the American conversation . The world is often an ugly place , but this slow rebirth of activism by professional athletes is a beautiful thing to witness :  $ cents LeBron James spoke volumes last year with his powerful #wearetrayvonmartin photo tweet featuring himself , Duane Wade and other Miami Heat players protesting with hoodies pulled tight over their famous faces in the wake of the shooting of Trayvon Martin , an unarmed African-American teen who was shot and killed by a neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford , Florida .  $ cents Hall of Fame player and ESPN analyst Cris Carter , among others , spoke out on-air against child abuse in the wake of the Minnesota Viking Adrian Peterson child abuse story . Carter described his own experiences as a child .  $ cents And last fall , professional athletes around the nation joined the call to end domestic violence with the "  No More " campaign . One of those players , William Gay , the 29-year-old cornerback for the Pittsburgh Steelers , lost his mother when he was 8 after she was shot by his stepfather . Today , Gay is one of the league 's most ardent voices denouncing against men who commit violent crimes against women . And he 's targeting his peers . "  It 's telling men that this not OK . We 're not going to sit back and say , ` We 'll let you guys handle it . ' That 's not the case anymore . People die from this , and we need to do something about it , and if we see something , we need to say something , " Gay told USA Today Sports . These are the images that are beginning to compete for time with sports highlights on America 's screens . They may make us feel uncomfortable . They may make it impossible for some of us to escape the problems at our own doorsteps . But this is America , where since 1791 , the First Amendment has given citizens the right to freedom of speech and the right of the people to assemble peaceably , and to petition the government , among other things . League rules do not trump this constitutional right ; to try to silence players would , or course , not stand up in court . The league can and often does , however , dictate how players can appear in public when at work  games , practice , press conferences  , but only when the players are at league-sanctioned events , or in uniform . The league , like other companies , can not demand that its employees not speak out as private citizens on their personal time . And though in the past NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell has tried to stop players from speaking out about sports-related controversies , you 'll notice that the Rams players will not be sanctioned in any way for their Ferguson protest . The NBA and other sports have also declined to fine or sanction players who have recently protested in some form for Trayvon Martin . Indeed , today anyone would be hard-pressed to justify why pro athletes -- tax-paying American citizens -- should be denied the right to speak out about any issue in the world . Yes , it 's a new day in sports . And the revolution is being televised .	Roxanne Jones : Rams ' protest over Ferguson is a sign sports figures are finding their voices She says recently they 've been silent , but history has many examples of athletes ' protests Jones says that Muhammad Ali , Billie Jean King , Arthur Ashe all spoke against injustice Jones : Athletes now weigh in on Trayvon Martin and other issues , and it 's about time
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A wicked opportunity is brewing at Wookey Hole Caves in western England . Aspiring witches audition for the job Tuesday at Wookey Hole Caves in England . Applicants are flocking to the town of Wells in Somerset Tuesday in the hopes of being selected as the caves ' new resident witch . With the promise of # 50,000  $ 82,000  per year , and a spacious cave to boot , more than 2,000 candidates are stashing their wart remover and grabbing their broomsticks to persuade a panel of judges to choose them . The winner will portray the notorious witch that is said to have haunted the caves in the Dark Ages . The witch lived in the cave with goats until an abbot threw holy water on her , turning her to stone , legend says . Locals say her frozen figure can still be seen in the caves today . Legend has it that the witch cursed crops , caused disease and soured milk in the area , audition organizers say . Today , the caves at Wookey Hole are part of a tourist attraction with rides , a circus , theme parks and restaurants . The company that runs it , Wookey Hole Ltd. , pays the witch 's salary on a year-long contract . The would-be witches have one minute to perform for the panel Tuesday , employing their best cackle and whatever props they can carry , organizers say . The position wo n't necessarily go to a woman ; male and transgender witches are also invited to apply . Applicants are told they must , however , be knowledgeable in the history of witchcraft , be willing to travel , sleep overnight in caves , and can not be allergic to cats . Organizers say they 've had applications from men , women and 230 mothers-in-law .	Wookey Hole Caves in western England looking to hire a witch Role promises $ 82,000 per year salary and a spacious cave Applicants must be knowledgeable in the history of witchcraft
As Joey Donner in the 1999 film "  10 Things I Hate About You , " Andrew Keegan attracted his fair share of fans . Now , he 's attracting converts . According to Vice , the actor has started a new age temple and spiritual movement in Venice , California . Full Circle is described as "  advanced spiritualism . " "  Synchronicity . Time . That 's what it 's all about , " Keegan told Vice . "  Whatever , the past , some other time . It 's a circle ; in the center is now . That 's what it 's about . " The former teen heartthrob said his spiritual journey began after he and some friends were attacked on Venice Beach in 2011 . The incident happened around the same time as the earthquake and tsunami in Japan , and Keegan said he began to see an odd series of occurrences that led him to start Full Circle . "  I had a moment where I was looking at a streetlamp , and it exploded , " he said . "  That was a weird coincidence . At a ceremony , a heart-shaped rose quartz crystal was on the altar , and synchronistically , this whole thing happened . It 's a long story , but basically the crystal jumped off the altar and skipped on camera . That was weird . " It all prompted him to conclude that "  the mission is to take the war out of our story , which is essentially peace but activated peace , " he said . His church , which started occupying its building in May , now has several members . Keegan says it 's not a cult but a community . "  I very much speak what comes through  while  in the collective , " he said . "  We create a resonance of balance and equality of the crew . "	Andrew Keegan started a new age temple and spiritual movement Keegan played Joey Donner alongside Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles He says his movement is a community , not a cult
CNN  -- The distraught mother of a missing five-year-old girl broke down in sobs Wednesday as she pleaded for help to find her daughter , April Jones , who was snatched from a street in Wales as she played . Coral Jones ' televised appeal for information was brief but heart-rending in its desperation . "  It has been 36 hours since our April was taken from us , " she said , her voice shaky with emotion . "  There must be someone out there who knows where she is and can help the police find her . "  We are desperate for any news -- April is only five years old . Please , please help us find her . " Coral Jones was led away from the news conference in tears . Police urged the public to share any piece of information that could lead them to the little girl , who was last seen playing with a friend near her home in a small mid-Wales town Monday . No trace of April has been found since she apparently got into a vehicle that stopped on the street and then drove off . Wednesday , police identified a man arrested the day before on suspicion of abduction as 46-year-old Mark Bridger . The force also released images of Bridger and a vehicle and appealed for help to trace his movements between Monday evening and Tuesday afternoon . Detective Superintendent Reg Bevan , of Dyfed-Powys Police , said officers "  are pursuing a number of lines of inquiry , and Mark Bridger is one of them . " He also called on anyone who has any information about the case to contact authorities and end the family 's nightmare . "  Please call us , " he said . "  Do n't assume someone else has contacted us -- even the smallest piece of information could be crucial to the investigation . " Meanwhile , police , mountain rescue teams and dozens of volunteers continue to scour the town of Machynlleth , the surrounding countryside and the nearby River Dyfi -- fast-flowing after recent rain -- for any trace of the girl . One photograph released by the police shows a pretty , brown-haired child smiling as she shows off a pink summer dress , another has her peering up at the camera shyly , her arm colored with paint . Her abduction from the street as she played on her bike with a friend has stunned what police say is a close-knit local community . The only witnesses were other children , who police had to question sensitively . And the usually quiet market town of just over 2,000 people , set in a remote corner of rural Wales , is now at the heart of a manhunt that has gripped the nation since the first reports that the little girl had gone missing . The owner of one local garage , Nerys Zjalic , told CNN by telephone Tuesday that she had opened her garage to supply fuel to motorists who were searching for the girl , and had not closed it since . "  Last night people were coming all the way from Caernarfon , which is 80 miles away in North Wales , after hearing about the abduction on Facebook , " she said . Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Powell said Tuesday that police were following several lines of inquiry . "  April was last seen playing on a bicycle near her home address at around 7.30 p.m. and was seen getting into what we believe was a light-colored van which then drove off , " Powell said . Police are expected to give another news conference later Wednesday . Coral Jones ' latest plea for help comes only a day after she and April 's father made a direct appeal to whoever had taken their daughter to bring her back . "  Last night our lives were shattered when our beautiful little girl April ... was taken from us . We are devastated and our lives have stopped , " a statement from them said Tuesday . "  Please , please , if you have our little girl let her come home to us . "	"  There must be someone out there who knows where she is , " says April 's mother Coral Jones sobs as she pleads for information leading to the missing five-year-old April Jones was abducted from the street near her home in a small mid-Wales town Police appeal for details on the movements of 46-year-old Mark Bridger
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Patrick Swayze , whose good looks and sympathetic performances in films such as "  Dirty Dancing " and "  Ghost " made him a romantic idol to millions , died Monday . He was 57 . Patrick Swayze 's doctor said in March 2008 that Swayze was suffering from pancreatic cancer . Swayze died of pancreatic cancer , his publicist , Annett Wolf , told CNN . Swayze 's doctor , Dr. George Fisher , revealed in early March 2008 that Swayze was suffering from the disease . "  Patrick Swayze passed away peacefully today with family at his side after facing the challenges of his illness for the last 20 months , " Wolf said in a statement Monday . Most recently , Swayze starred in A&E Network 's "  The Beast , " which debuted in January . He agreed to take the starring role of an undercover FBI agent before his diagnosis . The network agreed to shoot an entire season of the show after Swayze responded well to his cancer treatment . iReport.com : Send us your memories of Swayze In an interview with ABC 's Barbara Walters in January , Swayze said his work on that show was exhausting , requiring 12-hour workdays in Chicago , Illinois , doing his own stunts . But he said the show 's character "  just felt right for my soul . " "  If I leave this Earth , I want to leave this Earth just knowing I 've tried to give something back and tried to do something worthwhile with myself , " Swayze told Walters , when asked why he decided to do the show . "  And that keeps me going , that gets me up in the morning . My work ... is my legacy . " "  The Beast " was canceled in June because of Swayze 's illness , after doctors told him the cancer had spread to his liver . "  We are saddened by the loss of one of our generation 's greatest talents and a member of the A&E family , " a statement from the network said . "  Patrick 's work on ` The Beast ' was an inspiration to us all . He will be greatly missed and our thoughts are with his wife , Lisa , and his entire family during this difficult time . " Swayze was mostly known for a handful of supporting roles when he broke through with his performance as dance instructor Johnny Castle in 1987 's "  Dirty Dancing . " Co-star Jennifer Grey , who played his young lover , Baby Houseman , in the film , described Swayze as "  gorgeous and strong . " Watch a look back on Swayze 's career " "  Patrick was a rare and beautiful combination of raw masculinity and amazing grace . ... He was a real cowboy with a tender heart . He was fearless and insisted on always doing his own stunts , so it was not surprising to me that the war he waged on his cancer was so courageous and dignified , " Grey said in a statement Monday . "  When I think of him , I think of being in his arms when we were kids , dancing , practicing the lift in the freezing lake , having a blast doing this tiny little movie we thought no one would ever see . My heart goes out to his wife and childhood sweetheart , Lisa Niemi , to his mom , Patsy , and to the rest of their family . " Three years after "  Dirty Dancing , " he became an even bigger star with "  Ghost , " in which he played an investment banker who dies and learns to tap into his unspoken feelings for his partner  Demi Moore  . The film won Whoopi Goldberg an Oscar and helped make him People magazine 's "  Sexiest Man Alive " in 1991 . "  Patrick was a really good man , a funny man and one to whom I owe much that I ca n't ever repay , " Goldberg said in a statement . "  I believe in ` Ghost 's ' message , so he 'll always be near . " Quiz : How well do you know Patrick Swayze ? " Swayze told Entertainment Weekly in 1990 that "  the movies that have had the most powerful effects on my life have been about romantic characters . " He expanded on the effort he put into love scenes for People in 1991 . "  It 's possibly the scariest thing I do , " he said , "  doing something so personal and giving people out there the opportunity to see if you 're a good kisser or not . " Patrick Wayne Swayze was born on August 18 , 1952 , in Houston , Texas . His father was an engineering draftsman ; his mother was a ballet dancer and later the director of the Houston Ballet Dance Company . She led her son into the dancing world , which was n't always easy for a Texas male . Indeed , the young Swayze played football , practiced martial arts and was an accomplished diver and track star while growing up , though he was good enough at dance to earn a college scholarship . After an early professional job playing Prince Charming in an early '70s version of "  Disney on Ice , " Swayze returned to Houston , where he met Lisa Niemi , a student of his mother 's . The two were married in 1975 and moved to New York to pursue their careers . See timeline of Swayze 's life " Swayze seemed set on a dance career : He studied with the prestigious Joffrey Ballet and joined another company , the Eliot Feld Ballet Company . But surgery for an old football injury ended his ballet career and he turned to acting , nabbing the lead role of Danny Zuko in the long-running Broadway production of "  Grease " in 1978 , around the time the movie starring John Travolta was hitting theaters . "  Grease " earned him some Hollywood attention , and he and Niemi moved West . After a couple of bit parts , including one in a 1981 episode of "  M * A * S * H , " Swayze picked up the role of Darrel Curtis in Francis Ford Coppola 's 1983 film of "  The Outsiders , " which also included future stars Matt Dillon , Rob Lowe , Ralph Macchio , Emilio Estevez and Tom Cruise . Swayze was also one of the leads in 1984 's "  Red Dawn , " about teenagers defending their town from a Soviet attack on America . "  Not only did we lose a fine actor today , I lost my older ` Outsiders ' brother , " said actor C. Thomas Howell , who also starred with Swayze in "  Red Dawn " and "  Grandview , U.S.A. " But it was with "  Dirty Dancing " that Swayze hit it big . The film about a girl 's coming of age at a Catskills resort in the early '60s was intended for a limited release but became one of the decade 's biggest sleeper hits and made Swayze and Grey household names . The film gave birth to a catchphrase -- "  Nobody puts Baby in a corner , " spoken by Swayze 's character to Grey 's domineering father  Jerry Orbach  -- and eventually led to a follow-up , 2004 's "  Dirty Dancing : Havana Nights . " Swayze even sang a Top 10 hit , "  She 's Like the Wind , " on the film 's soundtrack . Swayze , known as a down-to-earth , nice-guy actor , was determined not to follow a predictable career path . He followed "  Dirty Dancing " with "  Road House "  1989  in which he played a manager at a rough-and-tumble bar  the film was particularly popular on late-night cable  . He succeeded "  Ghost " with "  Point Break "  1991  , about a group of thieves ; "  City of Joy "  1992  , in which he played a doctor in a poverty-stricken Indian village ; and "  To Wong Foo , Thanks for Everything , Julie Newmar "  1995  , in which he starred as a drag queen . " I do n't want to be Mr. Romantic Leading Man . I do n't want to be the Dance Dude . I do n't want to be the Action Guy . If I had to do any one of those all my life , it 'd drive me crazy , " he told Entertainment Weekly in the 1990 interview . Swayze 's career diminished in the late '90s . He broke both legs in 1997 while making a film , "  Letters From a Killer , " and went into rehab to overcome an admitted drinking problem . In 2000 , he was flying in his own twin-engine plane when the plane depressurized ; Swayze landed in a housing development in Arizona . Though some witnesses say he appeared intoxicated , he was later revealed to have been suffering from hypoxia , related to the depressurization and his three-pack-a-day cigarette habit . Swayze re-established his knack for picking sleepers with "  Donnie Darko "  2001  , the dark film about a troubled student that became a sensation on video . Swayze played a creepy motivational speaker and won raves for his performance . Swayze 's more recent films included a TV version of "  King Solomon 's Mines " and 2007 's "  Christmas in Wonderland . " Though he still had the power to make women 's hearts flutter -- 22-year-old Scarlett Johansson , upon receiving Harvard 's Hasty Pudding Award in February 2007 , said her dream date was "  probably Patrick Swayze , my dream come true " -- Swayze was n't too impressed with himself . "  Good-looking people turn me off , " he once said . "  Myself included . " Swayze is survived by his wife , Lisa , of over 30 years and his mother , Patsy .	Patrick Swayze died Monday after battle with pancreatic cancer , publicist says Swayze 's doctor revealed in March 2008 that Swayze had the disease Swayze broke through with his performance in 1987 's "  Dirty Dancing " Co-star Jennifer Grey : "  He was a real cowboy with a tender heart "
CNN  -- Players in the top two tiers of the Spanish league have announced they are to go on strike for the first two weekends of the season . Over 100 players , including Barcelona captain Carles Puyol and Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas , voted for action in a long-running financial dispute with the league  LFP  . Spanish champions Barcelona are due to begin the defence of their title at Malaga on August 21 with their nearest challengers , and fierce rivals Real Madrid , hosting Athletic Bilbao . In a statement on their web site the president of the players ' union  AFE  Luis Manuel Rubiales confirmed the strike action would go ahead . The disagreement centers on the union 's demand for an increase to the emergency fund that helps protects players ' wages if their clubs experience financial difficulties . The league said in their own statement that they did not understand the strike action as they had recently introduced two "  historic " changes in relation to the players ' requests . A new financial self-regulation code for clubs has been introduced as well as a guarantee to cover a chunk of wages for players at clubs who go into administration . "  For this reason , the calling of a strike at a moment when fundamental steps forward are being taken is incomprehensible for the LFP , " they said . At a press conference on Wednesday Rubiales , flanked by Puyol and Casillas , attacked the league . "  It is lamentable . As it stands we are at the bottom of the pile in Europe , " Rubiales said . "  We do n't want more money we want the clubs to honor the contracts they sign with their players . "  We have put forward proposals which exist in Holland , Germany , France and England which are preventative . In these countries if a club shows it ca n't pay its players the club does n't compete . "  We have asked that players who are owed more than three months  wages  can break their contracts . It seemed like we had an agreement but it was left out . " The LFP continued in their statement : "  The position of the LFP is at all times to advance the negotiations , to continue working and to reach early agreement satisfactory to all . "	Spanish soccer players vote to strike for the first two weekends of upcoming league season Real Madrid 's Iker Casillas and Barcelona 's Carles Puyol support action Dispute centers on a fund to help protect players ' wages at struggling clubs The Spanish league call the strike action ` incomprehensible '
CNN  -- The three men spent 18 years behind bars for a brutal crime they said they did not commit . Locked away for life -- with one of them sentenced to death -- the men thought they would never experience freedom again . They had been imprisoned for the brutal 1993 murders of three young boys in West Memphis , Arkansas . Evidence against the men was circumstantial , however , and doubts grew over the years about their guilt . Finally , nearly two decades after the crime , the men were allowed to walk free last month , the result of a complicated plea agreement requiring them to plead guilty even while declaring their innocence . The men came to be known as the West Memphis Three . Two of them spoke to CNN 's Piers Morgan in an interview that aired Thursday -- their first sit-down interview since their release . "  I had n't seen daylight in almost a decade . I had n't been exposed to sunlight ... for almost 10 years , " Damien Echols told Morgan about his life on death row , where he lived in isolation in a concrete cell , his food passed to him through a slot in a solid steel door . "  The only thing you can do to maintain your sanity is to not think about the case and not think about what 's happening to you , " Echols said . "  You have to create your own world in there or you 'll go insane from that stuff . " Echols still squints in bright light , the result of living for years in a dimly lit cell . When he left prison and saw daylight for the first time in a decade , Echols said , "  it was like having a spotlight turned right in your face . It was extremely bright . " Echols ' friend and co-accused , Jason Baldwin , said he spent the first few years of incarceration being beaten up by fellow inmates , who targeted a man they thought was a child-killer . He said he suffered a shattered skull and broken collar bone , had teeth knocked out , and was left with scars on his face . "  But as the years progressed and people got to know me , and as the documentaries  about the men 's plight  came out and stuff , the curses turned into prayers , " Baldwin said . "  Those fights turned into hugs . " Baldwin , Echols , and a third man -- Jesse Misskelley , who declined to take part in the interview -- were imprisoned for the slayings of second-graders Steven Branch , Christopher Byers , and Michael Moore . The boys ' mutilated bodies were left in a ditch , hogtied with their own shoelaces . Prosecutors argued that the defendants -- teenagers at the time -- were driven by satanic ritual and that Echols had been the ringleader . Echols and Baldwin said that at the time , they were targeted for being different from the rest of their peers in the small town where they lived . They read different books , wore different clothes , and had different haircuts . "  The evidence against us was our personal preferences in music , " Baldwin said . "  I remember at one point during the trial , they lifted up a record , a Blue Oyster Cult record , and I think  prosecutor  John Fogleman said this was found in Damien 's girlfriend 's mother 's house . " Critics of the case against the men argued that no direct evidence tied them to the murders , and that a knife recovered from a lake near the home of one of the men could not have caused the boys ' wounds . More recent DNA testing also demonstrated no links , according to the men 's supporters , who included actors Johnny Depp and Winona Ryder and singers Eddie Vedder of Pearl Jam and Natalie Maines of the Dixie Chicks . Echols said their support was "  uplifting " and brought attention to their case , ultimately leading to their release . Now , the men are having to get used to elements of modern life such as computers , the internet , and cell phones , things that most others take for granted . Even ordering a simple cup of coffee is different now . "  At one point , I went to a coffee shop and they were like , what kind of coffee do you want ? And I 'm like , kind of coffee ? " Baldwin said . The two have been out of prison for a month and a week . Baldwin says he now works for a construction company that 's helping him get on his feet again , and he 's learning how to drive . Echols says he has n't yet found a job but is interested in pursuing visual art . He got married while in prison to Lorri Davis , a woman who took up his cause and started writing him letters in prison . She said they are still fighting for the real perpetrators to be brought to justice . "  We want to discover who did this , " Davis said . "  That 's the most important thing . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	The three men were released last month after 18 years in prison They were convicted of the 1993 murder of three boys in West Memphis , Arkansas No evidence links them directly to the crime They have always maintained their innocence
CNN  -- Sea The Stars showed a blistering turn of pace to win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and confirm his status as one of the greatest race horses in history . Sea The Stars finishes clear of the field to win Europe 's top horse race . It was the fifth consecutive win for the three-year-old colt , including the 2,000 Guineas and English Derby , as he claimed Europe 's premier flat race on Sunday . Trained in Ireland by John Oxx , Sea The Stars was boxed in approaching the final furlong , but jockey Mick Kinane found a gap before bursting clear of the field . He relegated Youmzain , ridden by the returning Kieren Fallon , into second place with seven-time Arc winning trainer Andre Fabre 's Cavalryman , under Frankie Dettori , in third . Breeders Cup Turf champion Conduit was finishing fast but could do no better than fourth . Sea The Stars started as a 4-6 favorite and was supported by a huge following , being cheered to the rafters in the ring even prior to the race . But the Aidan O'Brien-trained Set Sail and Grand Ducal set a blistering pace with the former leading by 15 lengths entering the home straight of the mile and a half  2,400 meters  race . Unbeaten French filly Stacelita then hit the front before 50-year-old Kinane and the superstar Sea The Stars worked their magic to emulate his dam  mother  Urban Sea who won the race in 1993 .	Sea The Stars wins Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe horse race at Longchamps Completes treble after earlier wins in English Derby and 2,000 Guineas Irish trained horse bursts clear of rivals under jockey Mick Kinane
CNN  -- Police arrested 46 people Saturday morning after they swept through a downtown city square in Boston , Massachusetts , evicting "  Occupy " protesters encamped there since late September , officials said . CNN affiliate WCVB broadcast images of handcuffed demonstrators being led away by police , who first offered the group the option of leaving before making arrests , according to police spokesman Eddy Chrispin . "  The city is in the process of clean-up and trying to restore Dewey Square to its prior state , " said Chrispin . "  For the most part , it was nonviolent . " By late Saturday morning , an "  Occupy Boston " twitter feed was abuzz with news of the eviction . "  Occupy Boston is NOT done ! You ca n't evict an idea ! : The camp may be gone but the people , ideas & passion is n't , " read one post . Another post promised to offer "  details about the plan as soon as we know . " "  For now , get some rest . It will be a big afternoon ! " On Wednesday , a judge ruled that demonstrators ' First Amendment rights do not extend to seizing and holding areas on which they sit . Authorities are "  obligated by law to preserve Dewey Square as a space open to the public , " wrote Superior Court Judge Frances A. McIntyre . Boston Mayor Thomas Menino , who in the past appeared to tolerate his city 's chapter of the nationwide movement , later signaled that the area could be a safety hazard as winter weather rolled in , imposing a Thursday deadline for the group to clear out or face eviction . By Friday , however , protesters remained firmly entrenched in more than 100 tents . Saturday 's arrests was the city 's second large-scale action against demonstrators since the movement began there in late September . In October , 129 people were arrested during a march in which protesters allegedly blocked traffic and refused to disperse . The movement , which first sprang up in a Lower Manhattan park , seeks to highlight what it sees as corruption and growing income disparities between the nation 's richest 1 % and the rest of the country . CNN 's Dan Verello contributed to this report	Police arrested 46 people Saturday morning in Boston "  Occupy " protesters have been encamped there since late September "  Occupy Boston is NOT done ! You ca n't evict an idea ! : , " read one Twitter post A judge ruled that protesters ' First Amendment rights do not extend to seizing and holding areas
CNN  -- European Union Trade Commissioner Karel De Gucht believes businesses need to be lean and mean if they 're to ensure growth during the tough economic times engulfing the continent . De Gucht 's comments come as the European Business Awards were handed out in Barcelona , highlighting some of the greatest achievements by companies despite the current climate . "  We can not get out of this crisis without the businesses , " says De Gucht . "  It 's the companies who are performing the export and the trade , and who produce the products that we can market on the world marketplace . " Businesses up for awards this year ranged from Turkish mattress makers to a Parisian car firm . Their accomplishments have been recognized , whether they are new start ups or established companies , who 've been around for decades . But regardless of how old they are , companies are being told to keep rejuvenating . De Gucht emphasizes the need for businesses to be innovative to guarantee they survive and thrive in troubled economic times . "  They should be confident and continue taking risks , measured risks , but you can not do business without taking risks , " he says . He also believes European companies need to look outside the continent for future growth , and points to China as a market which should be explored more . "  Ninety per cent of growth will be realized in the coming years outside of Europe , and China alone will be responsible for one third of that . " De Gucht recognizes the European Commission 's role in helping companies trying to enter into the Chinese marketplace . The Commissioner acknowledges while there are plenty of opportunities in the Asian powerhouse there are also problems , citing intellectual property rights as one area of concern . He says the body is trying to create conditions to make it easier for business . "  We have a lot of problems in this market but we have to realize that it is one of the most promising in the world . " The EU itself has previously been criticized by the World Trade Organization for having too much red tape . De Gucht admits that is still the case but says the body is working on overcoming the issues . "  We certainly have deficiencies and we are in a difficult position due to the economic crisis . " But De Gucht warns the business world not to discount Europe . "  We are the biggest economy in the world and they will have to take us into account , even for the non-foreseeable future . " CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this report	EU Trade Commissioner Karel De Gucht says businesses need to be lean and mean to grow during tough times De Gucht says European companies need to look outside the continent for future growth He believes they need to explore more in Chinese marketplace
Argyll , Scotland  CNN  -- Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow was enjoying a pint at his local pub in the Scottish Highlands when he got an idea that would change his life -- and the lives of thousands of others . It was 1992 , and MacFarlane-Barrow and his brother Fergus had just seen a news report about refugee camps in Bosnia . The images of people suffering in the war-torn country shocked the two salmon farmers , who 'd visited there as teenagers and remembered the warmth of the Bosnian people . "  We began saying ` Would n't it be wonderful if we could just do one small thing to help ? ' " MacFarlane-Barrow says . After talking it over , the two men took a week off work and collected food , clothing , medicine and blankets . They loaded everything into an old Land Rover , drove to Bosnia to deliver it and returned to Scotland . "  I came back here thinking that I did my one good deed and it would be back to work , but it -LSB- did n't work -RSB- out like that , " he says . When they arrived home , the brothers found an avalanche of goods that people had continued to donate while they were away . "  I was touched by the overwhelming generosity of others , " MacFarlane-Barrow remembers . "  I saw all of those donations in our family home and thought , ` Wow , people really are good , ' and it inspired me to be good too . " After much thought and prayer , Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow quit his job , sold his home and dedicated himself to helping people in need . He returned to Bosnia with aid 22 more times during the Bosnian War , and over the next 18 years his work expanded and evolved . Today , his program -- Mary 's Meals , named after the Virgin Mary -- provides free daily meals to more than 400,000 children around the world . MacFarlane-Barrow found his current focus in 2002 while working in Malawi -- a country ravaged by famine and AIDS -- when he met a local teenager who just wanted a decent meal and an education . "  The mother of the family was dying of AIDS . She was lying on her bare mud floor , and she had her six children around her , " he says . "  I started talking to her oldest child , Edward . And Edward said , ` I 'd like to have enough food to eat . I 'd like to go to school one day . ' " In response , he launched Mary 's Meals , which strives to break the cycle of poverty by feeding children a daily meal at school . The food -- in most places a mug of maize-based porridge -- gives students an incentive to continue their schooling and helps them focus better on their studies . It 's a formula that MacFarlane-Barrow says is working . "  Pass rates go up dramatically in the schools where we start providing Mary 's Meals , " he says . "  We 've seen huge improvements in attendance rates and academic performance . " Mary 's Meals partners with local residents , who handle the daily work of cooking and serving the food . In Malawi -- the group 's largest effort -- more than 10,000 volunteers donate their time on a regular basis . The program operates in more than 500 schools and child-care facilities in 15 countries , a global effort that MacFarlane-Barrow coordinates from a tin shed on his parents ' property in Scotland . While the married father of six lives on the property , he spends most of his time abroad , overseeing the project and visiting the schools where meals are served . "  I see the children 's faces as they eat their meal , " he says . "  Knowing I can transform their lives keeps me motivated . " But there are always new challenges to overcome , most recently in Haiti , where Mary 's Meals has operated since 2006 . Working in partnership with a local Catholic priest , the group was feeding about 12,000 children a day when the earthquake hit in January . Much of the infrastructure the program relied on in the slums of Cite Soleil was destroyed , so the group 's mission expanded . They helped create temporary classrooms and are rebuilding eight schools in the area . In addition to their school-based feeding program , the group now feeds about 2,000 elderly Haitians and is providing additional food and medicine to the community . MacFarlane-Barrow is driven by his Christian faith , but there is no ministry aspect to his work . "  We are very careful to never link feeding and faith , " he says . "  We serve those who are in need ... period . "  When I think of Mary 's Meals I think of it as a series of lots and lots of little acts of love , " he says . "  I 've learned ... that every small act of kindness does make a difference . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Mary 's Meals websites at www.marysmeals.org and www.marysmealsusa.org and see how to help .	Scotsman was at a pub in 1992 when he got the idea to help victims in war-torn Bosnia A trip to deliver food , clothing and blankets led to a life 's work of helping others After working in Malawi in 2002 , Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow started Mary 's Meals Today , the program provides free meals to more than 400,000 children in 15 countries
CNN  -- Looks like Dave Chappelle is making up for lost time . The comedian , who famously and abruptly quit his acclaimed , wildly popular "  Chappelle 's Show " on Comedy Central in 2005 and dropped out of public life , seems to be a bit less reclusive these days . He recently appeared on the "  Late Show With David Letterman , " telling the host he never actually quit but was instead "  seven years late for work . " He also "  crashed " morning show "  Today " by banging on the glass window and holding a sign advertising his comedy shows at Radio City Music Hall . On Wednesday night , Chappelle played Radio City for a two-hour concert that the New York Daily News said showed he had "  returned with his irreverent and often raunchy sense of humor fully intact . " "  I 'm just here to make enlightened money so I can disappear again , " the paper quoted Chappelle as saying during his stand-up . The New York Times noted that Chappelle 's act reflected his almost a decade of absence from the set . "  Once you chat with Matt Lauer while holding a handmade sign plugging your new shows , your days as a reclusive rebel are over , " Jason Zinoman of The New York Times wrote . "  That shift is reflected in his comedy . " Chappelle has had a few pop-up and one-off performances over the years , including one in which he stormed off a Hartford , Connecticut , stage after being heckled . Sporting a more buff look but still chain-smoking cigarettes , Chappelle reportedly joked at Radio City about everything from the Donald Sterling controversy to life as a married father . And he appears to be unrepentant about his exit from his career -- and his return . "  There 's a method to my madness , " The Daily Beast quoted Chappelle as saying during his performance . "  It was dramatic , but I feel better . " Read more about funny people at CNN Comedy .	Dave Chappelle plays Radio City Music Hall in New York Chappelle quit popular comedy show in 2005 and disappeared from public life He reportedly said during his act that he feels better
CNN  -- Mobile users who have gotten used to chatting with their friends via Facebook will soon have to make sure they 've downloaded the social-media giant 's app designed specifically for that . Facebook has begun notifying mobile users that they 'll no longer be able to text via its core app . Instead , they 'll need to download Messenger , the dedicated texting app Facebook rolled out in 2011 . The company started notifying some users last week . The update will roll out first to Android and iOS users in a handful of European countries , according to a Facebook spokeswoman . "  Messenger is a much faster and better experience and we 've found that people get replies 20 % faster on Messenger than on Facebook , " the spokeswoman said in an e-mail . "  Taking messages out of the Facebook app also lets us focus on making Messenger even better for everyone rather than working on two separate Facebook messaging experiences . " In November , after Facebook launched Messenger 3.0 , the company discontinued messaging in the core Facebook app for people who already had Messenger . The good news for people still using just the Facebook app is that they 'll be able to message friends in much the same way they do now . Once both apps are installed , tapping the "  message " icon on the Facebook app will simply send the user to Messenger . They 'll be able to return via a "  return to Facebook " icon . Facebook and mobile messaging have been linked in many folks ' minds since last month , when the company shelled out a staggering $ 19 billion for WhatsApp , a texting app far more popular overseas than it is in the United States . Despite speculation , Facebook said at the time that it has no plans to merge WhatsApp , which lets users send unlimited messages for no more than 99 cents a year , with Messenger . Both are part of a maturing set of apps that are marginalizing cellular plans that charge for texting . Unlimited texting is already standard with many mobile plans in the U.S. , but not so much in places like India , Africa and South America , where WhatsApp is most popular .	Messenger , Facebook 's texting app , will soon be required for sending messages The company began notifying users last week The message icon in the Facebook app will take users to Messenger If you already have both , you wo n't see any change
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Organization of the Islamic Conference on Friday added its voice to the growing criticism of a film released by a Dutch lawmaker , which features disturbing images of terrorist acts superimposed over verses from the Quran . Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu , secretary general of the Jeddah , Saudi Arabia-based OIC , released a statement condemning "  in the strongest terms the release of the film ` Fitna ' by Dutch lawmaker Geert Wilders . " The organization added that the film defamed and denigrated "  the Holy Quran , causing insult to the sentiments of more than 1.3 billion Muslims in the world . "  The film was a deliberate act of discrimination against Muslims " that aimed to "  provoke unrest and intolerance , " the organization said . The OIC has 57 member states over four continents and claims on its Web site to be the second largest inter-governmental organization after the United Nations . In its statement , it urged the international community to condemn the showing of the film and asked the Dutch government to prosecute the author of the documentary under Dutch law . The 15-minute film , posted Thursday on a London-based Web site , has also drawn condemnation from the European Union and others . The European Union said the film inflames hatred , and Iran 's Foreign Ministry called the movie "  anti-Islamic and insulting . " The foreign ministry called on the EU , the Netherlands , and Britain to take action to put an end to its showing , the official IRNA news agency reported . The Danish Union of Journalists said it was suing Wilders for using a caricature of the Prophet Mohammed drawn by one of its members , newspaper political cartoonist Kurt Westergaard . It said Wilders used the picture -- which shows Mohammed with a turban shaped like a bomb -- without permission . The film , titled "  Fitna , " opens with Westergaard 's controversial caricature , followed by translated portions of Islam 's holy book , the Quran . The passages are interspersed with graphic images of the September 11 terrorist attacks juxtaposed with audio from 911 calls made by the victims trapped inside the World Trade Center in New York and other video clips . The video includes disturbing images of other terror attacks ; bloodied victims ; beheadings of hostages ; executions of women in hijab , the traditional full-body attire ; and footage , with subtitles , of Islamic leaders preaching inflammatory sermons against Jews and Christians . The film concludes with scrolling messages reading in part : "  The government insists that you respect Islam , but Islam has no respect for you " and "  In 1945 , Nazism was defeated in Europe . In 1989 , communism was defeated in Europe . Now the Islamic ideology has to be defeated . " Wilders , the filmmaker , is a member of the Dutch parliament from the conservative Party for Freedom . He has been outspoken in his criticism of Islam and called the religion a threat to the world . "  It 's not a provocation , but the harsh reality and a political conclusion , " Wilders said of the film Thursday . Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammad-Ali Hosseini on Friday condemned Wilders and the UK-based Web site hosting the film , LiveLeak.com , for showing the "  provocative and anti-Islamic movie . " "  He said such a ` dirty act ' of the Dutch lawmaker and of a British institute at the end of the Islamic Unity Week reveals continued enmity and deep hostility of such western nationals against Islam and Muslims , " IRNA reported . "  Warning against consequences of such ` provocative ' acts , Hosseini asked the Dutch and British governments as well as  the  European Union to step in the case as soon as possible and prevent and put an end to showing of such  an  ` insulting , anti-Islamic and anti-cultural ' film , " IRNA wrote . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the film , calling it "  offensively anti-Islamic " while urging calm . "  There is no justification for hate speech or incitement to violence , " he said in a statement . "  The right of free expression is not at stake here . " Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende said Thursday that the film equates Islam with violence . "  We reject this interpretation , " Balkenende said in a statement . "  The vast majority of Muslims reject extremism and violence . In fact , the victims are often also Muslims . " Slovenia , which holds the rotating EU presidency , said Friday that it supports the Dutch government 's position and believes the film does nothing to promote dialogue among religions . "  Mutual tolerance and respect are universal values we should uphold . We believe that acts , such as the above-mentioned film , serve no other purpose than inflaming hatred . " The U.S. government warned the film could spark protests and riots . The title of the film , "  Fitna , " translates in Arabic to "  strife " or "  conflict " of the type that occurs within families or any other homogenous group . LiveLeak issued a statement Thursday saying there was no legal reason not to allow Wilders to post the film . It said the site 's policy is to remain unbiased and allow freedom of speech . Some in the Muslim community rejected the film as nothing more than dangerous anti-Islamic propaganda . "  This film is a direct attempt to incite violence from Muslims and help fan the flames of Islamophobia , " Arsalan Iftikhar , a contributor to Washington-based Islamica Magazine , told CNN on Thursday . "  Any reasonable person can see this is meant to spit in the face of Muslims and insult our religion . " Iftikhar said he doubted the film would spark the same type of violence that followed the publication of the caricature of Mohammed , but he called on Muslim leaders to react peacefully . Westergaard 's caricature was one of a dozen printed in a Danish newspaper in late 2005 . Violent protests erupted early the next year after other European newspapers reprinted the images as a matter of free speech . Some Muslims believe the Quran forbids showing an image of the prophet . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Leading Islamic group condemns Dutch lawmaker 's anti-Islam film Organization of the Islamic Conference says film "  deliberate act of discrimination " European Union and Dutch government also criticized the 15-minute movie Danish Union of Journalists says caricature of Prophet Mohammed used illegally
New York  CNN  -- The World Food Programme is ramping up its Syria operations in anticipation of greater demand from inside and outside the country , but lack of access is proving problematic , the U.N. group 's executive director told reporters Tuesday . "  Most of my time has been spent with donors as well as the representatives from the neighboring countries regarding our operation in Syria , " Ertharin Cousin said at the Social Good Summit , which coincides with the meeting of world leaders here at the U.N. General Assembly The program , which provides services to 3 million Syrians inside the country and 1.2 million outside , is making plans to boost those numbers next month to 4 million inside the country and 1.5 million to 1.7 million outside , she said . The program has 80 international staffers and 300 national staffers supporting the region . Though some of them are working from Amman , Jordan , others are spread across all 14 governorates of Syria , she said . But the group has had access "  issues of access " to some areas "  for some time , " she said . Cousin did not say whether those issues were caused by the government or rebel forces . "  What I 've said is that bullets do n't tell you what side they come from , " she said . "  There 's enough complicity to go around we need all parties to provide us with access . " WFP is not involved in politics , she said . "  We deal with the consequences of failed politics . " Because of their apolitical stance , WFP representatives are able to talk to all sides in the civil war , "  and that 's what we do , " she said . But the outlook is grim if access is not gained soon . Cousin predicted that images of children suffering from severe malnutrition will emerge from the country this winter for a third year in a row . "  Those pictures will get worse and we , as the international community , should not wait until we have famine-like conditions before we bring attention to the fact that we do n't have access to too many of these areas . " She credited aggressive planning with helping authorities avert a famine last year in Niger . The challenges can go beyond meeting nutritional needs , she said , citing one Syrian man 's anger over the bread offered to him in a refugee camp in Jordan where she was visiting recently . "  He said , ` This is not Syrian bread ; it is Jordanian bread , and they have their own recipe for bread , ' " she recalled . The program worked with Jordanian bakers to rejigger the recipe . "  When we have the opportunity and the ability to meet not only nutritional needs but cultural needs , we try to comply , " she said , adding that that was not always possible . Last year , WFP fed nearly 99 million people in 88 countries , she said . It is 100 % voluntarily funded , and each year it must raise the funds it expects to use by asking for them . Last year 's total was just over $ 4 billion . But its resources are finite . Some 10 million people in Yemen are "  food insecure , " meaning they live in hunger or in fear of starvation , she said . And Haiti has reduced the size of its school feeding program , despite ongoing need , "  because we 're underresourced , " Cousin said . Over the long term , more challenges await . She said WFP is working with the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization to prepare for the effects of climate change by getting more drought-tolerant seeds to farmers . Veteran correspondent kidnapped in Syria Al Qaeda-linked group in Syria denounces pro-democracy rebels	Executive director for U.N. program says access in Syria is a serious worry The program has 80 international staffers and 300 national staffers supporting the region Ertharin Cousin praises aggressive planning , which averted disaster in Niger
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Thousands packed Havana 's Revolution Square on Saturday for International Workers ' Day , drawing hordes of Cuban demonstrators , spectators , and trade unionists from around the world -- including the United States and the United Kingdom . "  I 've never seen anything like it , " said Brian Hattsberger , a British labor unionist in attendance , wiping the sweat from his brow with his red labor hat . "  It 's just amazing . " For years , since Cuba 's bearded revolutionaries toppled dictator Fulgencio Batista over half a century ago , residents have gathered in Havana on May 1 to listen to hours-long speeches from their former president , Fidel Castro . The elder Castro made his last showing in 2006 before stepping down because of illness , at first temporarily and then permanently , leaving the reins to his younger brother , Raul . Since then , neither Castro has made a major speech on May Day . This year was no different . In a carefully choreographed show of force , thousands took to the streets , carrying placards with the faces of Che Guevara , Fidel Castro and Raul Castro , and waving Cuban flags as they sang and sweated beneath the hot Caribbean sun . "  I am marching for Cuba and for the Cuban revolution , " said one Cuban marcher as she passed through the square . Cuba had billed this year 's march as a rebuke to international criticism from Europe and Washington over human rights issues recently bubbling up in the Communist nation . In February , dissident Orlando Zapata Tamayo , who was jailed in 2003 during a crackdown on political opposition , died after a hunger strike that lasted for more than 80 days . He began the strike to demand better prison conditions . In an unprecedented government statement , Raul Castro said he "  lamented the death of Cuban prisoner Orlando Zapata Tamayo , who died after leading a hunger strike . " He blamed the United States for the death , but did not explain why . "  Tortured people do not exist , " Castro added . Recently , an opposition group that calls itself the "  Ladies in White " -- made up of relatives of dissidents jailed in the 2003 crackdown -- has met recurring resistance from large groups of pro-government demonstrators , who surround the women and drown out their chants of "  Freedom " with such phrases as "  This street belongs to Fidel . " The women on occasion are detained briefly by police before being driven back to their homes . Saturday marked the second International Workers ' Day since U.S. President Obama took office . At the time of his election , Obama elicited a sense among many Cubans that they might finally see an end to the economic trade embargo that has been in place since the administration of President John F. Kennedy . While Obama eased restrictions on small-ticket items such as family travel and telecommunications , and sent high-ranking envoys to Havana to foster fresh migration talks , broader discussions now appear at a standstill following a storm of criticism over Zapata 's death and increasingly routine counter-demonstrations in support of the government that overpower the handful of weekly protests . Saturday 's May Day march began around 8 a.m. and lasted roughly two hours without incident .	Thousands of Cuban demonstrators , trade unionists gather from around world "  I am marching for Cuba and for the Cuban revolution , " one Cuban marcher says Cuba had billed march as rebuke to international criticism over human rights
CNN  Just after Thursday 's Oscar nominations , the Critics ' Choice Movie Awards moved the discussion forward on awards season Thursday night -- and the leader continues to be "  Boyhood . " Richard Linklater 's movie about growing up , shot over the course of 12 years , won best picture at the honors , which are given out by the Broadcast Film Critics Association . But the awards did n't leave "  Boyhood 's " main competition , "  Birdman " and "  The Grand Budapest Hotel , " bereft . "  Birdman " earned trophies for best acting ensemble and star Michael Keaton , while "  Budapest " took home the award for best comedy . "  Birdman " won seven awards overall . Keaton had quite a night . Not only did he win , he apparently fell off stage after accepting his best actor award . The event was n't captured on video , but a number of observers tweeted about it . Keaton was fine and , being a trouper , later re-enacted the plunge backstage for the press . "  I took the ` Birdman ' flying thing way too far , " he joked . Other winners included "  The Lego Movie " -- snubbed by the Oscars -- as best animated feature , "  Guardians of the Galaxy " for best action movie and J.K. Simmons for best supporting actor . The awards were n't without their controversy . Host Michael Strahan led off the ceremony by doing a little stripping -- he has a part in the "  Magic Mike " sequel -- and Judd Apatow , who presented the best director award , brought up Bill Cosby . Apatow , who was apparently a late addition to the presenters ' lineup , has been a noted Cosby critic . "  They knew I 'd be home tweeting about Cosby , " Apatow said . "  I was available . "	Critics ' Choice Movie Awards give top prize to "  Boyhood " Michael Keaton takes fall after accepting best actor
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A 15-year-old girl with a 500-texts-a-day texting habit thumbed her way to the $ 50,000 grand prize at the L.G. National Texting Championship in New York on Tuesday . Kate Moore , 15 , of Des Moines , Iowa , out-texted more than 250,000 participants for the texting title in New York . Over 250,000 participants of all ages entered the competition , whose championship rounds were held in New York on Monday and Tuesday and won by Kate Moore of Des Moines , Iowa . Some challenges were straightforward tests of speed and accuracy , but others required a little extra texting savvy . In one round , texters had to send texts while blindfolded . Another round quizzed contestants ' knowledge of texting acronyms . The only acronym to stump every texter was PAW -- parents are watching . The fourth-place finisher , 21-year-old Jordan Rowe , saw her dreams of texting glory vanish in the "  pressure cooker " round , where actors dressed as emoticons attempted to distract contestants tasked with texting tongue-twisters . Rowe failed to accurately text "  Which wicked witch wished which more wicked witch in the well ? " while a human emoticon talked trash about her sister . Riffing off texters ' sometimes dangerous tendency to text while performing other tasks , another round required contestants to complete an obstacle course while firing off difficult-to-type texts . "  I felt like I was gon na die , " the eventual champion said of the texting gauntlet , getting a big LOL from the audience . The finals on Tuesday afternoon pitted Dynda Morgan , 14 , of Savannah , Georgia , against Moore . The two went head to head in a best-of-three showdown to see who could most quickly pound out lengthy texts predetermined by the judges -- with no errors . Morgan , whose stepsister also made it to the championships , took the first round . Faced with a do-or-die situation in the second round , Moore seemed to bet on accuracy over speed , finishing well behind her opponent but winning the round . In the tiebreaker , the two girls furiously raced to thumb the final text : "  Zippity Dooo Dahh Zippity Ayy ... MY oh MY , what a wonderful day ! Plenty of sunshine Comin ' my way ... Zippitty Do Dah Zippity Aay ! WondeRful Feeling Wonderful day ! " The pregnant pause before the winner was announced stretched into a seeming eternity because Moore apparently forgot to hit send after finishing her text . But then Moore 's phone began to vibrate , signaling that she was the grand champion . Kate 's beaming mother , Claire , acknowledged that she has confiscated her daughter 's phone on occasion , but said she appreciates that her daughter 's texting habit means she 's in constant touch . "  I can get ahold of -LSB- her -RSB- at all times , " she said . Nor does Moore 's mother have to foot an appallingly large phone bill each month , because her daughter is on an unlimited texting plan . She did concede that the texting portion of one of Moore 's recent phone bills stretched to 294 pages . Moore 's victory was all the more awe-inspiring because she got a phone with text capability less than a year ago . Moments after her victory , Moore agreed to an exclusive text message interview with CNN . CNN : OMG U r ltrlly the wrld 's bst txter . How does it feel ? Moore : It feels the best ! Im so prd of myself & it feels aswm that ive gottn so far ! : CNN : How mny txts do u snd a day ? A month ? Moore : Uhhh about lyk 400-500 in a day , an avrg of 12014 thousand a month ? CNN : Wht r u going to do w the 50 k ? Moore : Idk yet ! Prlly spend a good amount of the $ $ $ ... but ya got ta save some 2 b smart of course ! CNN : Do u ever get in trubl in skwl 4 txting 2 much ? Moore : haah just once or 2ce , teachers hv seen it and taken it away ... lol that sux when that happens tho . CNN : What 's ur crzst txting story ? Moore : Haha I actually have a scar on my hand from txtingg ... i was txting on the top bunk and I sat up cuz it was a cool txt and then I hit it in the ceiling fan CNN . Do ur thumbs hurt ? Moore : Hahah not at all ! Ud b surprised they do n't get stressed out . CNN : Kthxbi . Moore : cya ! :	Kate Moore of Des Moines , Iowa , says "  I felt like I was gon na die " Of the $ 50,000 prize , Moore texts she 'll "  prlly spend a good amount of $ $ $ " Text messaging competition includes texting while blindfolded
CNN  -- If you want new soccer boots , the choice -- and cost -- can be dizzying . Forget trawling through hundreds of new models from dozens of stores and websites . How about if someone armed with all of that knowledge turned up at your house to help you out ? Not only that , what if they took a look at your feet , picked out the best boot for you , then carefully shaped your ideal boot into an exact anatomical match ? That would be nice . But you probably wo n't get that luxury treatment unless you either become a world-leading soccer player ... or a horse . For horses , it is standard procedure for a "  farrier " to shape their perfect shoe . "  Think about an old-fashioned blacksmith , " says Haydn Price , farrier to Britain 's Olympic champion showjumping and dressage teams . "  Everybody knows what a blacksmith does , but not many people know what a farrier does . First and foremost , you 're a blacksmith who specializes in shoeing horses . " Learning the trade To become a top farrier , you have to master a wide variety of disciplines . For example , young farriers must pass a forging examination , to demonstrate they know how to safely and precisely shape metal in a fire -- exactly as a blacksmith would do . But farriers must also spend years learning the intricacies of horses ' feet and the precise demands of the work each animal does , from a working carthorse to a thoroughbred racehorse and everything in between . "  It 's a rigorous four-year training system , " says Claire Brown , who launched the Forge and Farrier website seven years ago and whose husband Nigel has been in the business for almost two decades . "  There is a lot of competition for apprenticeships -- there are far more applicants than there are places . We receive applications every week , but we only take on one new apprentice every two years . " Shoe selector A farrier 's main aim is to select exactly the right horseshoe from the thousands of varieties available , then ensure each shoe perfectly matches the horse , often by custom-fitting each shoe . Switching all four shoes on a horse usually takes around an hour if it 's a simple job . Under pressure -- for example , at a big competition -- a farrier could change one shoe in five minutes if everything went to plan . Price says the vast number of designs available in the 21st century , just like the proliferation in soccer boot designs , has changed the nature of a farrier 's work . "  As little as 15 years ago , there were probably only six types of shoe to cover a range of common conditions and injuries , " he explains . "  Now , 99.9 % of the time you are making a bespoke shoe . Every time you pick up a horse 's foot , you should be creating a specialist shoe -- even if , on the face of it , you are using what appears to be a normal shoe . It 's the application of it , not the product . " Risky business The job is becoming increasingly popular , combining an outdoor lifestyle and hands-on work with the chance to spend your working day with animals . But it can be a dangerous game . "  There is a real risk , " warns Brown . "  There are animals that are n't well-handled , there are young horses , there are quite highly-strung racehorses . "  If something startles them -- like a bucket being blown over in the wind -- and if the farrier is in the wrong place , you can get trodden on easily . " Her husband has been kicked in the face while working . "  It was only through sheer luck that the hoof-print went around his eye , not in it , " Brown says . "  The print circled his nose , cheek and eyebrow . " Other farriers have spent weeks in intensive care following kicks and falls , but most will tell you that the physical toll of the work is a bigger danger . "  This is not something you 'll want to be doing when you 're 65 , " says Brown . "  A lot of farriers have back problems and , while you can earn a good salary , you can only really earn that for 20 years of your career . " Best of British This has not discouraged the 3,000 or so farriers currently working in the UK , which is officially the home of the best -- as demonstrated at the discipline 's world championships . The Calgary Stampede hosts this event each year , pitting farriers from across the globe against each other in judged forging and shoeing contests . Yorkshireman Steven Beane has won five times in the past six years , taking his latest world title in early July . Since 1985 there have been only six non-British winners . "  The judges look at how accurately you can replicate a specimen shoe design , the quality of your forging , the trim -- how you prepare a foot to receive a shoe -- and then how well the shoe fits the foot , is nailed onto the foot and presented , " says Brown , who is organizing this year 's European championships in Lancashire . "  At this year 's world championships , there was a completely UK-based top five and that is consistently the case . " Not everyone indulges in competitive farriery , though . When Price first joined the British world-class program in the late 1990s , working with top riders , he realized this was the challenge he wanted : playing a small part in winning Olympic medals . "  When I came away from London 2012 , on the drive home , I felt for the first time in my life as though I had actually achieved something , " says Price , who will work for the British team again at the FEI Alltech World Equestrian Games in France , starting on August 23 . Price oversaw the shoeing of horses like Charlotte Dujardin 's Valegro , who won individual and team dressage gold , as well as the four British horses who rode to the team showjumping title . "  It 's not the event that 's difficult , " says Price . "  It 's the pressure leading up to it . Horses have an unbelievable desire to break themselves and the pressure before the event can be quite something . "  When everything goes right , the first emotion is relief . When I knew we 'd won the gold medal at London 2012 I broke down , and I 'm not afraid to admit it . "  For the first time in my life , I understood -- when you watch grown men crying on television when they get out of rowing boats or at the athletics -- I understood where that comes from . " The farrier 's challenge Price spends roughly a quarter of each year working with top British horses , driving around 28,000 miles in the process . From the age of 14 , farriery has gripped him . While the spotlight fell on the riders at London 2012 , finding and fitting the perfect shoes for home Olympic gold marked the culmination of his life 's work . "  I do n't do farriery competitions anymore , " he says . "  My competition is a self-imposed one : maintaining these horses to their peak performance . "  Competitions are hugely skilful and I take nothing away from them , but you are judged on a moment in time . "  I 'm judged by the work that I do on a continued basis , to keep horses sound and fit , year after year after year . That , for me , is the farrier 's challenge . "	Each shoe is bespoke : top farriers custom-fit horses with their own , unique footwear Competition for jobs is fierce as farriers master both the forge and the foot Top farriers meet at the Calgary Stampede each year to contest the world title Work with champion horses at the Olympic Games is on offer for the best
CNN  -- So a bunch of guys away from home , who should know better , take off their wedding rings , mix testosterone with alcohol and hookers -- an appalling combination -- argue over the price of a lady 's company and , all of a sudden , the entire culture of the U.S. Secret Service is thrown into question . All of a sudden , this is the worst disaster for the Secret Service , ever . All of a sudden , the Secret Service is out of control . All of a sudden , anything might have happened , like one of the 11 agents could have been blackmailed to open a door for a sniper or to look the other way as a bomb-carrying terrorist walks up to the president . All of a sudden , the men and women of the Secret Service are no longer the best and the brightest . Especially the men . All of a sudden ... Stop ! It 's time for a reality check . The 11 agents who were sent home from Colombia in disgrace before the president even left Washington were there in a support role . Whether they were manning metal detectors or handling dogs that sweep rooms , whether they were part of a sniper team or standing post at 3 a.m. along a barricaded street , they were not members of the Presidential Protective Division  PPD  . They were not on the president 's shoulder . At no time was the president 's security in danger . What damage did their stupidity do ? Obviously , a lot to their personal lives , their marriages and their careers . Obviously , also , a lot to the image and reputation of the Secret Service . The legislation creating the Secret Service was sitting on Abraham Lincoln 's desk , waiting to be signed , on April 15 , 1865 , the night he was assassinated . In those days , the Secret Service was housed inside the Treasury Department , and its job was to protect and defend the currency and monetary instruments of the United States . It did n't get the supplementary duty of protecting the president and vice president until after William McKinley was assassinated in 1901 . No agent I have ever met was hired for his sense of humor . These are very serious men and women who do their jobs very seriously . They have always been the best and the brightest . And they still are . You can see it in the way they stand a little taller and walk with a different gait than others in law enforcement . You can see it in their pride . Frankly , I ca n't think of any other law enforcement agency where pride counts as much as it does with the Secret Service . It 's the same pride that is always so visible with the U.S. Marines . That 's the reason why this scandal matters . Not because someone thinks the agency is out of control . It 's not . Not because of wildly exaggerated threats of blackmail . No , Chicken Little , the sky is not falling . It matters because the idiotic actions of 11 agents who forgot who they are and what their badge stands for deeply affects every active duty agent and tens of thousands of retired agents . Pride has been dented . And agents are , rightly , furious . These are men and women who have made -- and continue to make -- huge personal sacrifices for their share in that pride . The divorce rate among agents is high . That 's not because they party with hookers , but because for the privilege of wearing that special five starred badge , they abandon any thoughts of their time being their own . They miss birthdays and Christmas , Little League games , graduations , school plays , first teeth , first steps , first words . When the president travels , especially overseas , it 's a flying circus with 800-1 ,000 people , limousines , helicopters , communications equipment , big guns , small guns , sometimes food , and often 20-30 planes . As an integral part of this , Secret Service agents have two main concerns : To create and to maintain a tightly controlled environment in which the president can do his job safely and to bring everyone home at night . Anything short of that is , the way the Secret Service defines the word , failure . Just as those two things are true , so are these : What happened with those 11 agents is defined as stupidity . They will be dealt with quickly by the Secret Service . The president 's opponents will pretend that there are political ramifications and invent whatever capital out of this that they can to embarrass the president . It will take a long time before pride is fully restored , and , if this ever happens again , it will definitely not be soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Robinson .	Jeffrey Robinson : Bad behavior of 11 Secret Service agents has caused uproar over whole force Time for a reality check , he says ; president was not in danger He says most agents proud , serious , willing to make big sacrifices for job Robinson : Agents in scandal were stupid ; now people playing politics
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi on Wednesday delivered a lengthy , rambling address in his first appearance before the United Nations -- slamming both the U.N. Security Council and the United States . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi addresses the U.N. General Assembly on Wednesday . He broached conspiracy theories , urged probes into U.S. military activities , and took aim at the structure and the actions of the Security Council , in a one-hour and 36-minute speech at the U.N. General Assembly 's annual session . Gadhafi called for world unity in confronting various world crises , such as climate change and food shortages , but he aimed his ire at the world body and the United States . Dressed in a traditional Libyan cap and robe , he elaborated on what he believes is the unfairness of the structure of the U.N. Security Council , which has five permanent members -- the United States , Russia , China , France and Britain , each with veto power . In his One hour and 36 minute ramble , Gadhafi :	Gadhafi says U.N. Security Council brings not security , but terror Five nations ' veto power unfair , Libyan leader tells U.N. General Assembly Global challenges require unified action , U.N. secretary-general says Climate change , disarmament , poverty , war among issues addressed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- After touring the wreckage Tuesday of two Metro transit trains that crashed the day before , killing nine , Washington Mayor Adrian Fenty said it was a sight that "  no one should have to see . " Investigators work Tuesday at the site of a Metro train crash in Washington . Officials said that all the wreckage has been cleared and that no other bodies have been found in what was the worst subway train accident in the history of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority . Three bodies discovered Tuesday were lodged behind the driver 's compartment of the rear train , an official said at the scene . The driver of that train , who was among the dead , was Jeanice McMillan , 42 , of Springfield , Virginia , Metro spokeswoman Lisa Farbstein said . McMillan had worked at Metro since January 2007 . McMillan 's aunt , Venice Foster , said her niece loved her job and "  was just a joy to be around . " Retired Maj. Gen. David F. Wherley Jr. , former commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard , and his wife , Ann , also were killed in the collision . Both were 62 . Names of the other casualties were released by authorities Tuesday afternoon : Mary Doolittle , 59 ; Lavanda King , 23 ; Veronica Dubose , 26 ; Cameron Williams , 36 ; and Dennis Hawkins , 64 , all of Washington ; and Ana Fernandez , 40 , of Hyattsville , Maryland . Watch what officials know about the crash " The Metro 's board approved a $ 250,000 hardship fund to assist the victims ' families with funerals and other immediate expenses . According to Fenty , at least three bodies were trapped in a "  very compressed area . " It was n't clear whether those were the bodies found behind the operator 's station . "  It just brings home what an awful tragedy this was , " the mayor said . The crash occurred along the Red Line just before 5 p.m. Monday on an above-ground track in the District of Columbia near Takoma Park , Maryland . See location of crash " Both cars were on the same track , traveling in the same direction : southward from the Fort Totten Metrorail station to the Shady Grove station . The train in front had stopped behind another train undergoing service and awaited directions to move ahead . "  We do n't know at this point whether the operator could see the train in front of her in time to stop , " said Deborah Hersman , who is leading the investigation for the National Transportation Safety Board . The weather at the time of the crash was good , she said . See pictures of crash site " "  I did have the opportunity to walk the track with our investigators . I can tell you it is a scene of real devastation , " Hersman said . Jamie Jiao was sitting in the front car of the second train . He said he suffered injuries to his feet and back . "  I see the train in front a split second before we crashed . That 's all . You do n't have time to react or do anything , " he told CNN 's Jeanne Meserve . He said that after impact , "  You just hear really loud noises , as if there was an explosion . I could see things falling apart , tearing apart . " A pole fell on top of him , but he was able to throw it off . The car broke open , and he crawled outside , where he waited for firefighters . He said he did n't notice whether the driver tried to brake before hitting the other train . Many of the passengers in his car were injured , he said . "  I 'm lucky to be alive , " Jiao said . "  My injuries are n't too bad . " iReport.com : Were you there ? Share your photos , video Hersman said there was a telescoping effect when the second car slammed into the first and landed atop it . "  The first car -LSB- of the second train -RSB- overrode the rear car -LSB- of the front train -RSB- , and much of the survivable space on that first car of the striking train was compromised , " she said . One of the factors the NTSB will examine is the crash-worthiness of the cars . "  The safety board has long been on record making recommendations about survivability when accidents do happen to make sure that operators and passengers are protected as much as possible , " Hersman said , but those have n't been implemented . She did n't elaborate . The safety board has called since 2006 for the transit authority to modernize its fleet of transit cars . The agency has sought more safety features and higher technology , such as data boxes on each car that can provide valuable information in case of a crash , Hersman said . Citing the most recent federal data , she said the average age of the cars in the fleet was 19.3 years old . The lead train in the crash contained 5000-Series and 3000-Series cars , which are newer and have better technology than the cars in the rear train , with 1000-Series cars . Watch woman say she , fellow passengers "  went flying " " The Metro board is "  aggressively seeking " to replace 300 1000-Series cars purchased between 1974 and 1978 , said Jim Graham , chairman of Metro 's board of directors . There should be nine data recorders aboard the first train , which will aid the investigation a great deal if they are n't damaged , Hersman said . The recorders provide data on such things as speed , braking and emergency applications . She said there were no recorders on the rear train . "  We 've recommended for years that WMATA either retrofit those cars or phase them out of the fleet . They have not been able to do that . And our recommendation was not addressed , so it has been closed in an unacceptable status , " she said . "  If there are changes we can make to those cars , we will do so , " said John Catoe Jr. , general manager of the transit authority . Fenty said 76 people were injured , and two remained in critical condition Tuesday . The condition of another critical patient was upgraded . Two of the injured were emergency responders , Washington Fire Chief Dennis Rubin said . Watch injured passengers limp from the scene " All trains were to operate in manual , instead of automatic , mode Tuesday , Catoe said at the briefing . He called the move "  an extra safety precaution " until there is more information on the crash . The rear train was operating on "  automatic " mode , which is routine during rush hour , and preliminary evidence shows that the driver may have employed the brakes , Hersman said . Hersman addressed reports that the trains may have been two months past due on brake inspections , saying , "  We are very interested in looking at those records , and we 're interested in looking at all of the records . " She said cell phone and texting records would also be reviewed , which is standard . "  We 've investigated a number of accidents where there were distractions , " she said , adding that it 's unknown whether cell phone use was a factor in this crash . Nine safety board teams will examine aspects such as train operations and communications , signals , tracks , crash-worthiness of equipment , maintenance and survivability -- ease of fleeing the trains after the crash and other survivability factors , Hersman said . The transit authority gave Red Line riders several options for commuting Tuesday morning and was providing free shuttle buses to drive people around the accident scene . The only other time in Metrorail 's 33-year history that there were customer fatalities was in January 1982 , when three people died as a result of a derailment between the Federal Triangle and Smithsonian Metrorail stations . In 2004 , two trains collided at the Woodley Park/Zoo-Adams Morgan Metrorail station . There were minor injuries .	Former commanding general of the D.C. National Guard among those killed Death toll in accident is 9 , spokesman says ; 76 people were injured Official says driver of rear train may have employed brakes Investigator says it 's unclear whether train operator could see stopped train
CNN  -- Soccer superstar David Beckham will spearhead England 's presentation of the country 's official bid document for the 2018 World Cup hosting rights . Beckham , who will miss this year 's tournament in South Africa due to injury , will lead the English Football Association delegation to world governing body FIFA 's Swiss headquarters on Friday . FIFA will make a decision on December 2 as to which country will be the 2018 host and also for the 2022 event . England , who have also asked to be considered for 2022 if unsuccessful for 2018 , will be up against the United States , Russia , Australia and joint bids from Belgium and the Netherlands , and Portugal and Spain . With Europe likely to win the 2018 event , Japan , Qatar and South Korea are bidding for only 2022 hosting rights . Beckham will be able to play a more active role in England 's bid due to the ruptured Achilles he suffered while on loan at Italian club AC Milan , which has also ruled him out of the Los Angeles Galaxy 's Major League Soccer season . He has already contributed to the campaign , taking part in an expo for bidding nations last December . "  It 's fantastic news that David 's schedule has enabled him to present and head our bid in Zurich , " Football Association and bid chairman David Triesman told the FA Web site on Monday . "  It is entirely appropriate that he does so as our bid is about football and the passion for it in our country . Nobody represents that better than David . He is a fantastic footballer and a global role model . " England 's bid book will feature proposals for stadiums , training venues , base camps and fan parks . The FA said about 16 stadiums are required with minimum capacities of between 40,000 for group matches and 80,000 for the opening match and final . FIFA has strict requirements for accommodation , transport , IT , medical services , broadcasting , safety and security , ticketing , hospitality and commercial rights .	David Beckham will head England 's presentation bid for the the 2018 World Cup Soccer superstar will lead delegation to FIFA 's Zurich headquarters on Friday World governing body will make decision on hosting rights for 2018 on December 2 Beckham is ruled out of this year 's World Cup in South Africa due to injury
One of the most dangerous asteroids on record zipped close by Earth last month . It made headlines on Thursday , when reports said that there 's a chance it could strike our planet in less than 20 years . Such a collision could unleash a force as powerful as a couple of thousand atomic bombs . But NASA was quick to calm nerves and point out some very good news . The most dangerous known asteroids do n't really pose much of a threat . And there are very few of them . Also , the chances that this one , which the Ukrainian astronomers who discovered it named 2013 TV135 , will collide with Earth are extremely slim , NASA said in a statement it called "  a reality check . " The space agency is 99.998 % certain that when it whooshes back around the planet in 2032 , it will simply sail past us again . The probability of it striking Earth currently stands at 1:63,000 , and even those odds are fading fast , as scientists find out more about the asteroid . "  This is a relatively new discovery , " said Don Yeomans , manager of NASA 's NEO Program . "  With more observations , I fully expect we will be able to significantly reduce , or rule out entirely , any impact probability for the foreseeable future . " 2013 TV135 was discovered on October 8 , while NASA was closed during the government shutdown . And already it looks to soon be joining the ranks of the more than 10,000 known near-Earth objects that are virtually certain to cause us no harm . But until then , it has the distinction of having a danger rating of 1 out of a possible 10 on the Torino Impact Hazard Scale , the system that gauges the danger of impact destruction by asteroids . The 1 rating means that it poses "  no unusual level of danger . " There is "  no cause for public attention or concern . " Almost all other asteroids that scientists have discovered rank a 0 on the scale . There is another asteroid with a danger rating of 1 . And it , too , is no cause for alarm , NASA says . September 's close pass The close pass 2013 TV135 made on September 16 was not a near miss . At a distance of 4.2 million miles as it flew by , it was more than 15 times as far away from Earth as the moon . That pales by compare to the closest shave the Earth got from an asteroid of considerable size in recorded history . On February 15 this year , asteroid 2012 DA14 , which measured 150 feet wide , slipped in below the moon 's orbit and squeaked by our planet just 17,200 miles from its surface . The one that passed by in September is big , with a diameter of 1,300 feet . That 's the size of four football fields , but it does not quite make it an Earth crusher . An asteroid needs to be at least twice as large to advance into that league . "  We believe anything larger than one to two kilometers  about 0.6 to 1.2 miles  could have worldwide effects , " NASA said in a statement . Russian divers find huge suspected meteorite chunk Near passes daily Two behemoths in that size range will pass by planet Earth in the next three months at similar distances as 2013 TV135 . NASA says that neither will hit us . Near asteroid passes are common . They pretty much occur daily , if not two or three times a day , NASA says . They come , and they go , and they leave the Earth in peace . In addition , particles from space bombard our planet every minute -- at a rate of 100 tons a day , NASA says . You eat them ; you drink them ; you breathe them . Much of you and everything else on Earth contains them . Distant catastrophe Though it seems Earth is safe for now , there is such a thing as a doomsday asteroid . Scientists say it is likely that the impact of an asteroid over six miles wide wiped out dinosaurs along with much of the life on Earth 65 million years ago . More like it will come , NASA says . But they only turn up once every "  few million years . " That may give humanity some time to find a way of dealing with it . Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter for more science news updates	In September , a large asteroid passed close by our planet The asteroid , 2013 TV135 , was discovered this month NASA says there is very little chance of it posing a threat to Earth Someday a massive asteroid will wreak havoc on Earth , but that is likely millions of years away
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican army has arrested a top drug cartel chief and four of his bodyguards , the government announced Wednesday . Suspected drug kingpin Hector Huerta Rios faces members of the press Wednesday in Mexico City . Hector Huerta Rios , also known as "  La Burra " or "  El Junior , " was arrested Tuesday in the city of San Pedro Garza Garcia in Nuevo Leon state , along Mexico 's border with the United States . The state-run Notimex news agency reported the announcement , citing a news conference held by the secretary of national defense and the attorney general 's office . Huerta was flown to Mexico City on Tuesday night to face federal charges . Federal officials showed the four suspects to the media in a news conference Wednesday . Video footage on CNN affiliate Televisa shows Huerta flanked on each side by two other suspects . He is looking straight ahead , a solemn countenance on his mustachioed face . Hooded soldiers are stationed to the sides and behind the suspects . Huerta is a suspect in the September 2006 shooting death of Marcelo Garza y Garza , the head of the State Agency of Investigations , news reports said . News of Huerta 's capture made the front pages of El Porvenir , La Prensa and El Milenio newspapers . Huerta 's arrest came one day after Mexican authorities announced rewards of up to $ 2 million for information leading to the capture of top cartel operatives . Huerta , considered by authorities as the principal operator for the Beltran-Leyva cartel in northern Mexico , was on the government 's list . The reward for his capture was 15 million pesos  $ 1 million  . His arrest resulted from intelligence operations though , and not from a tip , so officials will not pay a reward , El Porvenir reported , citing a military official . During the arrest , officials confiscated 12 cars and four weapons , one of them gold-plated , El Milenio reported . Huerta 's capture was the third major arrest announced in the past week . Mexican authorities announced the arrest last week of Sigifredo Najera Talamantes , a drug trafficking suspect accused of attacking a U.S. consulate and killing Mexican soldiers . Talamantes , also known as "  El Canicon , " also is suspected of attacks on a television station in Monterrey in Nuevo Leon , Notimex said . The Mexican military also arrested the son of a top drug cartel lieutenant last week . Authorities on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border blame drug cartels for a surge in violence in the region . About 6,500 people died last year in the drug war in Mexico , Mexican President Felipe Calderon said this month . On Tuesday , the Mexican attorney general 's office said 10,475 people were killed since Calderon took office in December 2006 . Nearly 10 percent of those were police . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will visit Mexico on Wednesday for two days of meetings with top officials , with the drug war heading the list of topics to be discussed . Clinton will make clear the United States is committed to working with Mexico and helping it come out of the drug war stronger , aides said . The Obama administration announced Tuesday it is sending hundreds of extra federal agents and crime-fighting equipment to the border with Mexico . The plan , developed by the departments of Justice and Homeland Security , calls for doubling the number of border security task force teams as well as moving other federal agents , equipment and resources to the border .	Suspected principal operator for Beltran-Leyva drug cartel in Mexico captured Four bodyguards arrested in addition to Hector Huerta Rios Mexico offers rewards for information leading to capture of drug cartel operatives Huerta 's capture the third major arrest announced in past week
CNN  -- The president of Florida A&M University announced his resignation Wednesday , more than seven months after a drum major for the university band died following a hazing incident . "  After considerable thought , introspection and conversations with my family , I have decided to resign from my position as president in order to initiate my retirement on October 11 , 2012 , " James H. Ammons wrote in a letter to the chairman of the school 's board of trustees , Solomon Badger III . Ammons said he is leaving the post he has held for five years , effective this fall , but would remain as a tenured professor . He made no direct reference to hazing in his letter . Recommendations for suspension preceded FAMU band death Last month , the school 's trustees supported by 8-4 a no-confidence vote over Ammons ' performance . "  I hear you loudly and clearly , " Ammons told the board at the time . "  I understand there are some measures that I have to take as president of this university to fix things , and I am going to fix them . " In a statement , Badger said Wednesday that he was saddened by Ammons ' decision to resign , "  but it is his choice to do so . Given all that has transpired , it seems to be in the best interest of the university , and I applaud him for putting FAMU ahead of his personal goals . " The resignation comes after the November 19 death of Robert Champion , 26 . In a statement , Champion 's family said "  the rampant culture of hazing found at FAMU would not and could not be eradicated without some major housecleaning of those who turned a blind eye to the problem . " Champion died within an hour of being badly beaten during a hazing ritual on a band bus after a football game in Orlando , Florida . The ritual , called "  Crossing Bus C , " is an initiation process in which pledges attempt to run down the center aisle while being assaulted by senior members , according to some university band members . FAMU president gets no confidence vote amid hazing scandal An autopsy found "  extensive contusions of his chest , arms , shoulder and back , " and "  evidence of crushing of areas of subcutaneous fat , " the medical examiner reported , ruling the death a homicide . A police investigation resulted in charges against 14 people . Eleven face one count of third-degree felony hazing resulting in death . Each also is accused of two counts of first-degree misdemeanor hazing . Three people each face a single count of misdemeanor first-degree hazing . FAMU said it took steps to eradicate the problem of hazing after Champion 's death , and the board of trustees approved an anti-hazing plan that includes an independent panel of experts to investigate hazing allegations . Since then , Julian White has retired as band director , the Florida A&M board of trustees issued a vote of no confidence against Ammons and the marching band has been suspended through the 2012-2013 school year . Champion 's parents met Wednesday with prosecutors to receive an update about criminal charges being pressed against those involved in their son 's death . The Champions have filed a lawsuit suit against the school 's board of trustees , the company that owns the bus in which the abuse occurred and the bus driver . The 33-page document , which was filed Tuesday in circuit court in Orange County , Florida , does not specify damages being sought . It claims the bus driver participated in or allowed hazing rituals to occur on the buses she was operating . Witnesses paint violent blow-by-blow picture of FAMU hazing Band members say FAMU drum major gave in to hazing Florida A&M president keeps band on suspension CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	NEW : Drum major 's parents file lawsuit Robert Champion , 26 , was badly beaten after a football game in Orlando "  It seems to be in the best interest of the university , " board chairman says of resignation The marching band has been suspended through the 2012-2013 season
Kenyan actress Lupita Nyong ' o became the new Hollywood "  It Girl " after she played the object of cruel affection in the movie , "  12 Years a Slave . " Since her role as Patsey in the movie released last year , she 's made rounds in fashion magazines , hobnobbed with celebrities and is considered a breakout star . As the awards season begins , here are 10 things to know about the statuesque actress with a flashy smile and almost flawless fashion sense . She straddles many worlds : Nyong ' o was born in Mexico when her Kenyan parents were in political exile . Her family later returned to Kenya , where she spent most of her childhood . Her first name , she says , is the short version of the word "  Guadalupe . " She later went to the United States , where she got her undergraduate degree from Hampshire College in Massachusetts , and later graduated from Yale School of Drama in 2012 . She has a connection to Obama : Nyong ' o is a Luo , the same tribe as President Barack Obama 's father . She 's multilingual : In addition to English and her native Luo , the actress speaks Spanish , Swahili and conversational Italian . She 's been a star-crossed lover : Her first big acting break came when she was 14 and played Juliet in "  Romeo and Juliet " at a Kenyan theater . "  That was amazing ... since before that I had been a village girl at a school show , " she tells Arise Entertainment 360 . "  I just came to life on stage , I just loved it so much . " She 's also a TV star : Before her big movie debut , Nyong ' o was a regular on the Kenyan television series "  Shuga . " The series , produced by MTV , was a hip portrayal of contemporary Kenyan youth aimed at spreading HIV awareness . It was so popular , it later aired in various African nations . This is not her first brush with an international movie : As an undergraduate , Nyong ' o worked on the production crew of "  The Constant Gardener , " starring Ralph Fiennes . The movie , filmed in Kenya , became a turning point for her . Fiennes made her realize her passion when he told her to only get into acting if she feels that she ca n't live without it . "  It 's not what I wanted to hear , but it 's what I needed to hear , " she says . She 's had her signature crop for years : Before settling for her trademark short hair , Nyong ' o went through the usual hustles of finding a hairstyle that works for her . "  I got fed up of going to the hair salon . I just wanted less time grooming so that I could get more stuff done . " At age 19 , she shaved off her hair . "  It was so liberating , " she says . She had to go deep for her role : Nyong ' o gives an emotional , raw performance in "  12 Years a Slave , " a movie set in the pre-Civil War United States . It 's a story about Solomon Northup , a free black man who is kidnapped and sold into slavery . Their tyrannical master has an unhealthy obsession with Patsey , her character . Suicidal , she copes by working harder than everyone else in the cotton fields and forming a close relationship with Solomon . She 's an awards darling : Her intense role as Patsey has earned her rave reviews and a slew of nominations . They include best supporting actress for the Oscars and Golden Globes and Critics ' Choice movie awards , and a Screen Actors Guild Award for outstanding performance by a female actor in a supporting role . You 've not seen the last of her : Her next movie , "  Non-Stop , " features Liam Neeson and comes out on February 28 .	Kenyan actress Lupita Nyong ' o is in the movie , '12 Years a Slave ' The role has earned her nomination for best supporting actress at Golden Globes She was born in Mexico , and graduated from Yale School of Drama Her next movie , "  Non-Stop , " features Liam Neeson
As laws across the country become less restrictive , more Americans are reporting using marijuana regularly than ever before , according to a new survey by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration . The National Survey on Drug Use and Health -- the largest of its kind -- is done annually . Results from the past five years have shown a steady increase in weed use . Last year was no exception . In 2012 , about 7.3 % of Americans ages 12 or older reported regularly using marijuana . That 's up from 7 % of Americans in 2011 . Although it 's only a slight increase , the real contrast exists between 2012 and 2007 , when 5.8 % of Americans said they regularly used weed . These numbers could represent an increase in use among Americans , or simply an increase in the number of people who felt OK reporting use of the drug on a national survey . There has been a lot of attention given to marijuana in the last few years . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announced last week that the federal government would no longer prosecute people who used the drug in states where it was legal -- as long as there were state laws in place to keep the drug away from children . Until that announcement , people could be brought up on federal charges even if they were within the law in their state . How to regulate pot when it 's legal Washington and Colorado have both legalized recreational marijuana use . Some 20 other states allow people to purchase it for medical reasons . The survey , which looks at all drug and alcohol use , showed some other interesting trends as well . Prescription drug abuse , which has been increasing in the past few years , has leveled off . But heroin use is on the rise ; the number of people using heroin is up some 80 % since 2007 . Nearly 24 million Americans -- that 's 9.2 % of the population -- say they use illicit drugs , according to the survey . Are American opinions on weed reaching the tipping point ?	About 7.3 % of Americans age 12 or older used marijuana regularly in 2012 , survey finds Marijuana is legal in two states , while 20 more allow medical use Heroin use is up 70 % since 2007 , according to the survey
CNN  -- Like most teens , I had a lot of questions about sex growing up , but I really did n't want to ask my parents any of them . I did n't want to ask anyone any of them . I tried to piece things together for myself from what I 'd read in books , seen in movies , seen in plays . It was n't that my parents would n't have frankly answered my questions . They had always let me know they were quite ready to discuss the topic , anytime I wanted to . Even though it was a little difficult for me , I eventually became more comfortable . In fact , when I lost my virginity , I felt I should honor my dad 's forthrightness by telling him .  My mom and I had already discussed it before the fact .  He said , "  OK . And are you using birth control ? " I told him I was . "  Great , " he said . "  I do n't really need to know much more . Thank you so much for telling me . " He was proud , I think , that I had shared the news with him but could only handle so much at that moment . And though my dad clearly had a line where he got squeamish , I 'm always grateful that both of my parents were so clear with me that sex was a normal , wonderful part of life and nothing to feel ashamed about . As a parent , I think about that often now . Our daughter is in high school , and our older son is in middle school . Like my parents , we try to do everything possible to make sure we are communicating with them in a clear , frank way so that they actually hear what we have to say . That can be difficult . They have access to information about sex in ways we never did . We are competing with many different sources : Twitter , texting , the Internet , and television all influence how they think and act . That 's why Let 's Talk Month in October -- an annual awareness-raising effort that emphasizes the importance of conversations about sex and relationships between parents and their teens -- is extremely important . It 's a great opportunity for parents and young people to start  or even better , continue  a meaningful conversation about sex and relationships . A new study from Planned Parenthood , Family Circle magazine and the Center for Latino Adolescent and Family Health at New York University shows that parents are significantly more comfortable talking to their teens than teens are talking to their parents -- just the way I was ! Opinion : Oops , I left my sexual orientation at home But even though it may be hard to get started , it 's so worthwhile to talk with kids , answer their questions about sex , and help them make smart decisions about their relationships and behavior . And the more you talk , the easier it gets . In my household , we started talking with our kids when they were young , when their curiosity about their bodies and about differences between boys and girls created natural opportunities for starting a dialogue . We always emphasized that their bodies were private and their own . And while every family has its own opinions on this , from our earliest conversations about sex I felt it was important to emphasize to both my daughter and my son that birth control is a must , not a maybe . Age-appropriate school programs also help reinforce the conversations we are having at home and can help increase teens ' comfort level when talking with their parents . My daughter 's sex education class in middle school was really terrific . Every student was required to anonymously write down a question on a piece of paper and put it in a hat at every meeting . Nothing was off limits . There were questions like , "  Can you get pregnant if you have sex when you have your period ? " That kind of anonymity -- when posing a question a teen really wants to ask , but is maybe too embarrassed to ask a teacher or a parent directly -- is so important for a young person . And that class sparked endless conversations and made our daughter feel more comfortable talking about these issues with us at home . It is never too early or too late to start having these conversations . October is as good as time as any . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cynthia Nixon .	Cynthia Nixon says when she was young , she dreaded talking about sex with her parents She eventually did  her parents were open with her  , and values that , now that she 's a parent October is Let 's Talk Month ; parents , make sure you talk to your kids about sex , she says Nixon : Kids get information online ; parents and schools must correct misinformation
Former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin faces prison with few of his former constituents shedding any tears for the man who led them through the biggest disaster in the city 's modern history . The two-term mayor quit New Orleans after leaving office in 2010 and now lives in the Dallas suburbs . He swore off public life on his way out , and much of the city appeared ready to wash its hands of him after his Wednesday conviction on federal corruption charges . "  At one point or another , just about everybody voted for Nagin , " said Clancy DuBos , political editor of the New Orleans alternative weekly Gambit . "  And we all got fooled . " Nagin has four months before his scheduled sentencing June 11 -- his 58th birthday . The most serious of the 20 counts on which he was convicted carry terms of up to 20 years , but most observers expect he 'll receive somewhere between 12 and 20 , DuBos said . ` Too many halo-shiners ' Oliver Thomas , a former City Council president during Nagin 's administration , said the ex-mayor now "  has an opportunity for reflection " and to take responsibility for his actions . Thomas speaks from a certain degree of experience , having served three years in federal prison in a 2007 bribery case . "  Everybody in political office should probably go to prison , just so you can come back to the people and humility , " said Thomas , who now hosts a radio show in New Orleans . "  I 'm tired of seeing gloating political people and then you see they have weaknesses , also ... We got too many halo-shiners in the world . " Thomas criticized the "  bandwagon " he said was now cheering Nagin 's conviction , but added , "  We all have to take responsibility . And when you 're a leader , especially an African-American leader , your integrity ca n't be 99 % . We have to be better . " Federal prosecutors said Nagin was at the center of a kickback scheme that brought him more than $ 200,000 in bribes , plus personal services and free travel from businessmen seeking contracts and favorable treatment from the city . Several of those businessmen had already pleaded guilty , and they testified against the ex-mayor during the two-week trial . Nagin maintained his innocence after Wednesday 's verdict , which made him New Orleans ' first mayor to be convicted of federal corruption charges . His defense was outgunned from the start , DuBos said . "  You 're up against federal prosecutors whose client literally prints money , " he said . "  It takes a spirited defense and a substantive defense on federal criminal charges . You 've got to spend some money to counter that to create your own timeline , to create your own narrative . " But Nagin did n't provide that support for his own defense , DuBos said . So in court , "  It all came down to Nagin being on the stand , and the jurors said he came across as smug . " Nagin 's lawyer , Robert Jenkins , did not return calls for comment Thursday . He told reporters after the verdict , "  We did the best we could do . " The onetime cable-television executive was elected in 2002 on a pledge of reform with the backing of city 's powerful business community . Both Gambit and the New Orleans Times-Picayune endorsed Nagin in his first run , only to oppose him later . ` People are generally forgiving ' Nagin drew national attention when Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005 , flooding more than three-fourths of New Orleans and killing more than 1,800 people across the region . Supporters credited his sometimes-profane pleas for aid from Washington for embarrassing the President George W. Bush administration into stepping up its response to the storm -- but his critics say he botched the city 's recovery . "  His legacy is almost a non-legacy , " DuBos said . "  There was nothing that he actually got done . Along with his conviction , his legacy will be one of poisoning the well for any , quote , business candidate for mayor for another 20 years . " Nagin won a second term in 2006 despite a controversy over his pledge that New Orleans would remain a "  chocolate " city , even as much of the city 's African-American population was displaced by storm damage . But his support in both black and white wards collapsed in his last four years , something Thomas attributed as much to style and substance . "  He was mostly aloof , kind of hands-off , " Thomas said . Nagin "  was great at running a corporation . He was one of the smartest people I ever worked with . " But he lacked the personal touch a politician needs , Thomas said . He urged Nagin to use his prison time to help other inmates "  who need his time and talent . " "  That will be very rewarding , very fruitful , and he will have purpose , " Thomas said . "  And when he comes home , there 's always work to do on the streets , especially in urban areas . " "  This is the greatest country in the world , and people are generally forgiving , " he added . "  People will embrace you if you 're willing to do the work . "	Former New Orleans mayor faces prison ; few sound sorry to see him go "  At one point ... just about everybody voted for Nagin , and we all got fooled , " columnist says But prison can be a good thing for a politician , convicted ex-councilman says Other inmates "  need his time and talent , " he says
CNN  -- Riders of Philadelphia public transit were reminded on Christmas Day that the holiday celebrates a birth in the humblest of circumstances . The Christ child was born in a stable , the Nativity story in the Gospel of Luke says . On Thursday , a woman went into labor in the subway , and people in the train car watched as two transit police officers helped her give birth , police said . It brought Christmas joy to Sgt. Daniel Caban and Officer Dorrell James . The policemen with the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority  SEPTA  boarded the train after receiving a call , CNN affiliate KYW reported . The baby was already on its way into the world . "  We just went right to work , " Caban said . Cell phone images published to social media showed the officers holding the baby then later carrying it out of the subway wrapped in swaddling . Mother and child were taken to a hospital for a medical check . The officers ' boss tweeted a shout out to them . "  Transit Police SGT and PO deliver baby on Market Frankford El train !!!! WOOHOO !!! Now that 's a Christmas gift !!! " posted SEPTA chief Thomas J. Nestel III . Caban told KYW he did n't mind that his wish for an uneventful Christmas was sunk . "  We delivered a baby for her , so it 's like her Christmas present , " Caban said , "  but it 's also like a blessing and present for myself . " James agreed , saying , "  Just a good Christmas , you know . "	A woman went into labor on a Philadelphia subway train Two transit police officers entered the train to find her giving birth They helped her bring the child into the world ; it made their Christmas Christmas celebrates the birth of the Christ child in humblest circumstances
CNN  -- Sure , it 's a veiled shot at stoners , but it also shows cops can have a sense of humor about marijuana legalization . The Seattle Police Department announced on its Twitter feed that officers will attend the city 's Hempfest to hand out Doritos and literature explaining the new rules surrounding recreational marijuana use in the state . Minor marijuana possession has been the police department 's lowest priority since 2003 , but voters last year cast ballots to make recreational use legal . Before Seattle residents start farming ganja on their stoops , the police want to make a few things clear  such as , you ca n't grow marijuana on your stoop yet  . "  Yes , we will be @seattlehempfest . But we 'll be giving out @Doritos & #Marijwhatnow literature . Please make a note of it . See you Saturday ! " read the Wednesday tweet . Initiative 502 states that beginning December 6 residents over 21 years old may possess up to an ounce of pot for personal use . There are also guidelines for the possession of oils and edibles . Hempfest , which begins Friday and runs through Sunday , says its goal is "  to educate the public on the myriad of potential benefits offered by the cannabis plant , including the medicinal , industrial , agricultural , economic , environmental , and other benefits and applications . " The Wednesday tweet set off a witty back-and-forth with residents who seem charmed by the police department 's light-hearted means of educating the public on a serious matter . But it did n't come without rumor and innuendo . Responding to one such vicious affont , the department tweeted , "  Please ignore maliciously false reports that we 're giving out Bugles at @seattlehempfest . We would never , ever do that . "	Seattle PD tweets it will attend Hempfest to hand out Doritos , weed literature Since 2003 , marijuana has been lowest police priority , but 2012 ballot legalized pot Beginning December 6 , marijuana smokers over 21 may possess up to an ounce
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For Roland Emmerich , the easy choice would have been to join the family business . Roland Emmerich and his younger sister Ute as children in Germany . They now work together in Hollywood . His father had founded a thriving garden machinery company , but young Roland 's interest in lawnmowers , and their like , was limited . "  I knew very early that I did n't want to do that , " Emmerich says . "  But I also did n't know what I wanted to do , so I was dabbling in a lot of things . And then actually after a while , it slowly occurred to me that maybe film would be great . " He entered film school with the intention of becoming a production designer but came out a director . "  In film school , I had to make movies , so I made movies and was quite successful and all of a sudden I was a director . " The way he tells it makes it sound simple . And maybe it was . He went to one of Germany 's leading film schools , The University of Television and Film Munich , which boasts an impressive alumni of respected directors : Wim Wenders , Bernd Eichinger , Uli Edel and Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck , among others . He had the backing of a loving family ; according to his sister Ute his "  very , very supportive " father lent him office space in his factory and helped finance his early films . Ute shows Revealed the family album " Nor was he the first German director to make it big in Hollywood ; Ernst Lubitsch and Billy Wilder had well and truly paved the way . What made Roland Emmerich different , and his Hollywood assent difficult , was his near obsession with special effects and monumental disasters ; explosions , floods , tidal waves , and general destruction , both alien and earthly . Not only were his films expensive to make , but gallingly for German critics they were n't , well , very German . "  I was making movies like I 'm doing now , but it was like a whole different world at that time in Germany , " Emmerich says . "  They did Wim Wenders movies and all these kind of German movies and I just could n't make movies like that . I wanted to make movies like Steven Spielberg and George Lucas . I just did it and they were relatively successful , but critically more and more hated . They said : ` Why is he making movies like this here ? ' " So now he 's making films in Los Angeles , where he has a home just a few minutes drive from Hollywood , and his younger sister Ute . Roland gives Revealed a tour of his home " "  Ute was like me , " Roland says . "  She did n't want to work in the family company and it was a good opportunity to work for me , it was more exciting . " The siblings set up their own production company , Centroplis Entertainment , through which they 've made 14 feature films . The move to Hollywood came after Roland directed "  Moon 44 " , released in 1990 ; a science fiction action film set in 2038 about robots , convicts and companies fighting over mining rights in outer space . It earned him an invitation to Los Angeles and a job directing "  Universal Soldier . " Ute remembers , "  It was decided that we close our office -LSB- in Germany -RSB- and just try and see how it would work out for a year . Our parents , I think , were hoping that we would come back within a year , but eighteen years later , and so many movies and successes later , we are still here , " she says . Roland has made himself very much at home in Los Angeles . Ten years ago he bought a house -- his own slice of Hollywood history -- a three bedroom mansion built in 1919 by Jesse Lasky , who , with Cecil B. DeMille , produced "  The Squaw Man , " Hollywood 's first feature film . "  I told Constance , my real estate broker , ` Look , do n't come to me with something which does n't have either Hollywood history or a really , really big garden ' . I just wanted to have a big garden because I grew up in a house with a big garden . " In the end , he got both . The garden is an impressive oasis of towering palms , tangled vines and lush ferns , all lining an imposing staircase that leads to a pool where the director hosts parties for friends and colleagues . While Hollywood has embraced Roland Emmerich 's action-packed , effect-laden style of epic story-telling , the director is less than enamored with its lifeblood , the film industry . "  I do n't really like the movie business , I have to say . It 's a very cold , brutal business . It 's not a cozy living . But , on the other hand , I really like making movies , " he says . "  I 'm constantly torn between , should I keep going or not . And then I always want to make another movie and then I have to deal with it . But every time I come into a situation , I 'm always talking about early retirement , which makes all my friends laugh out loud . " They might laugh out louder if he ever contemplated a return to the family business .	Roland Emmerich gave up potential role in family business to go to film school Initially wanted to become a production designer , but was drawn to directing Left Germany for Hollywood to direct "  Universal Soldier " , released 1992 Emmerich : "  I do n't really like the movie business . It 's not a cozy living "
Mental Floss  -- We 've all seen it : that one lonely bag on the baggage claim track at the airport that goes around and around with no owner in sight . What happens to it if no one shows up ? Well , it might end up at the Unclaimed Baggage Center in Scottsboro , Alabama . That 's where you can visit a store that takes up an entire city block and find everything from the expected  clothing , toiletries , books  to , well , the unexpected . Here are 10 of the strangest items that have gone unclaimed . 1 . Hoggle from "  Labyrinth " -- Unlike other items at the Unclaimed Baggage Center , Hoggle is not for sale . He is now a permanent part of the Unclaimed Baggage Center Museum . If you 're not familiar , Hoggle was David Bowie 's dwarf-goblin minion in the 1986 movie . 2 . A slew of ancient Egyptian artifacts -- From a mummified falcon to a shrunken head , a bunch of objects dating back to 1500 B.C. were found in an old Gucci suitcase . Christie 's auction house ended up selling the museum-worthy items in the '80s . 3 . A rattle snake -- A live one , roaming free amongst the rest of the unclaimed baggage . 4 . A Naval guidance system -- Yep -- a piece of equipment worth $ 250,000 was lost and never claimed . The people at the Center decided to be good sports and return the expensive GPS to the Navy . Mental Floss : The Mojave Desert 's airplane graveyard 5 . Bountiful Barbie  but not in the way you think  -- A woman purchased a Barbie at the Center for her daughter , which is n't at all unusual . After all , kids lose toys all the time . But when the girl yanked the head off her new Barbie , $ 500 in rolled bills tumbled out of her body . 6 . A full suit of armor -- Unlike the Egyptian artifacts , this guy was merely a replica of a 19th century piece . Still , I bet to this day , there 's a guy out there who continues to tell the story of the time he lost a suit of armor at the airport . 7 . A violin from the 1770s -- Like Hoggle , it resides in the Unclaimed Baggage Center Museum . Mental Floss : What 10 movie props later sold for 8 . A 5.8-carat diamond -- It was set in a platinum ring and packed in a sock . 9 . A camera designed for use on a NASA Space Shuttle -- As with the Navy 's guidance system , the Center dutifully returned the camera to NASA . 10 . A 40.95-carat natural emerald . Mental Floss : Unlock other people 's cars with my remote ? For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Unclaimed suitcases go to Unclaimed Baggage Center in Scottsboro , Alabama Items in suitcases are mostly clothes or toiletries , with occasional diamond A $ 250,000 Naval guidance system was left in unclaimed luggage Full suit of armor , ancient Egyptian artifacts and 40.95-carat natural emerald
CNN  -- My parents always told me I could do anything I wanted . They told me I could be anything I wanted if I studied hard , got good grades and treated people well . They were right . They never said to me , however , that I could have it all . The notion that women can have it all , in the way society defines "  all , " is a ridiculous myth . That 's OK . What matters is I have my version of "  all . " What is easy to forget at the core of it is : What do we actually want ? Not what does society expect from us . And not what do our mothers and fathers expect from us , though the latter helps shape our fundamental views on this subject . The real question is : What will make us happy ? It sounds simple . But it is not simple precisely because there has been so much buildup of expectations from society as to what a good mother and a successful career woman should be . And none of it is based in reality . As a Latina mother of two young children , I have chosen to follow a tough , grueling , demanding , sometimes discriminating , yet very rewarding career in communications , politics , community advocacy and the private sector , beating back cultural pressure to marry and have children in my 20s and early 30s . Sandberg : Speak up , believe in yourself , take risks To the chagrin of my mother , my own motherhood choices came later in life . I had my first child at age 38 , after I was able to carve out quite a bit of career success . This gave me the ability to find an executive position with flexibility and autonomy , which helped ease the burden of guilt and pain when I first left my baby boy -- and later my baby girl -- to go back to work full time . I could not have done any of this without an amazing husband and partner who sacrificed some of his own professional ambitions to partly stay home with our children during their infant years .  What would my old-fashoined machista Colombian father think about that ?  But no matter how nurturing and caring husbands are and how much we trust them to fulfill our children 's every need , the pangs of a working mother never subside . Guilt pangs , pangs of wanting to be there to not miss a single thing , pangs of letting your children down because you are not at their side every waking minute . For those of us who have chosen to be working moms , the flip side is also true . When you do have the fulfillment of being at home with the kids , there is a slight pang of guilt nudging you to work on that memo , that proposal , read those news stories , think through that new client pitch . Just this week , I left an important annual dinner , full of rich networking opportunities , to be home for my son so he could finish a school project . The concept of "  having it all " is individual . Maybe it means being all you can be in the choices you have made and ensuring you are doing your best in the role or roles you are carrying out . Maybe it means trying to have one piece at a time . I chose to focus on my career first , to establish myself and then have some flexibility to have a more fulfilling family life . But many women do n't want to wait that long to have children , or worse , have waited only to find heartbreak when they try and can not get pregnant . Some of my childhood friends chose the opposite timing . They had children early and now that their children are grown , they are focusing on fulfilling their professional dreams . Confessions of a busy mom : 5 lessons Some of my friends have chosen -- gasp ! -- to either not have children and focus 100 % on their careers or to give up their successful and lucrative professions to dedicate themselves entirely to their families . Both are perfectly fine choices to make . Instead of judging the choices women make , we should rejoice in the fact that we have the ability to make these choices at all . I believe that true feminism does not lie in having to prove that we can be both doting mothers and high-powered career professionals at the same time and do both 100 % well 100 % of the time . We ca n't . No one can . Anyone who says differently is lying or not facing reality . The beauty of what the feminist movement has brought today 's women is that these choices are available to us . My mother did not have the luxury to choose . She married my father and took care of us . She worked early on as a secretary , and enjoyed it greatly . Then my father demanded she quit to focus on the family . She did . When I found out this family lore , I was outraged , having been brought up by this same mother and father to be an outspoken , independent-minded woman . But then I had to take a step back and realize it was a different time , a different era and a different country . For me and my husband , it is important that in our choices we are setting examples for our kids that it is natural for girls to be strong leaders and for mothers and women to work in demanding careers , and for boys to be nurturers and for dads and men to be the primary care-givers , and vice versa . My hope is that this "  dilemma " will not even be an afterthought for my daughter . That she will choose what makes her happy . And that will be the definition of "  having it all . " Work , family and ` leaning in ' : Seven families trying to make it work We must acknowledge that many women , because of differing circumstances , may not have the luxury to make choices . We are fortunate to live in a country that allows many of us to pave our own way and to make the choices that are best for us , our families , and if we decide to have them , our children . We can embrace our choice , or change it along the way , in the pursuit of happiness . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Cardona .	Maria Cardona : The notion that women can have it all is a myth Cardona : The real question for every individual is what would make you happy ? She says choosing either career or motherhood first is OK ; there is no one formula Cardona : Do n't judge the choices women make , rejoice that we have many choices
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- The rift between Russia and Western powers over Georgia burst back into full view on the U.N. Security Council when Russia vetoed a resolution that would have extended the U.N. observer mission in Georgia . The observer force had been in existence since 1993 , but Russia claims that the mission was invalidated by last year 's conflict over breakaway regions in Georgia . "  The U.N. mission 's previous mandate has actually ceased to exist in the wake of Georgia 's aggression against South Ossetia last August , " said Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's U.N. ambassador , who said it was "  unacceptable " to extend the mission . After the veto Monday night , a statement from the office of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the U.N. would "  take all measures required to cease the operations of the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia effective 16 June . " Ban "  will consult with his senior advisors and his special representative on the immediate next steps , " the statement said . Russia and Georgia fought a five-day war last August over the breakaway Georgian provinces of South Ossetia and Abkhazia -- the first time Russia sent troops abroad in anger since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 . Both sides blame the other for starting the conflict . Western powers , including the United States , the United Kingdom and France backed the Georgian government in a conflict that rekindled Cold War sentiments . The European Union launched a probe to determine how the war began that is due to be completed by the end of next month . The crux of the controversy remains Georgia 's territorial integrity . As a result of last year 's war , Russia now considers South Ossetia and Abkhazia sovereign nations independent from Georgia . Russia has no international support for that position aside from the nation of Nicaragua . The Georgian ambassador to the United Nations , Kakha Lomaia , addressed the Security Council following the vote , saying his nation deeply regrets the apparent end of the mission . He called Russia 's position "  unconstructive . " The statement from Ban 's office added , "  the Secretary-General regrets that the Security Council has been unable to reach agreement on the basis of a package of practical and realistic proposals he submitted to the Security Council aimed at contributing to a stabilization of the situation on the ground . "	Russia : "  The U.N. mission 's previous mandate has actually ceased to exist " Russia considers South Ossetia and Abkhazia independent nations from Georgia Only Nicaragua supports that position
CNN  -- Several boaters are missing after separate incidents on Lake Michigan over the weekend , the Coast Guard said . Near Chicago , searchers were looking for four people Sunday about seven miles offshore , where rescuers had pulled two boaters from the water . One rescued person "  was in a hypothermic state but reported four or five additional people in the water , reportedly all wearing life jackets , " the Coast Guard said . The boaters entered the water late Saturday night during a voyage from New Buffalo , Michigan , to Chicago . Officials did n't say what happened to their boat . In a separate incident , rescuers pulled five people from the lake near the Michigan City Lighthouse in Indiana Saturday . They called off the search for a sixth person who was missing Sunday morning . "  The six people reportedly jumped off their boat into the water to escape the heat , but then their boat started drifting away and they could not get back to it , " the Coast Guard said . "  None of the people in the water were reportedly wearing life jackets . " Temperatures in Lake Michigan are much lower than normal for this time of year , the Coast Guard said , after a long and cold winter . In southern Lake Michigan , the water temperature is 45 degrees , officials said .	The Coast Guard searches for missing boaters in Lake Michigan near Chicago Rescuers also pull boaters from the water near Michigan City , Indiana Temperatures in the lake are lower than normal , the Coast Guard says
CNN  -- Manchester United took a big step towards reaching the Champions League final for the third time in four years as the English team ended Schalke 's 100 % home record this season in Europe 's top club competition on Tuesday . Second-half goals from Ryan Giggs and Wayne Rooney gave United a 2-0 victory in Germany ahead of next Wednesday 's second leg of the semifinal at Old Trafford . It could have been a much greater margin as goalkeeper Manuel Neuer performed heroics to keep the match scoreless for more than an hour , while United 's defense has yet to concede away from home in the tournament this season . But Rooney set Giggs clear with a clever pass and the 37-year-old slipped the ball past Neuer with his favored left foot in the 67th minute to make up for several earlier misses by the Welshman . Neville : Arsenal trip is United 's toughest test Giggs became the oldest player to score in the tournament , surpassing Javier Zanetti 's October effort against Tottenham by nearly three months . England striker Rooney doubled the lead three minutes later after Javier Hernandez nipped in front of the static Schalke defense and slid the ball into his path . "  We 're delighted but a bit disappointed in terms of not scoring more , " Rooney told reporters . "  We have done very well . We have to be professional for the second leg as Schalke ca n't be taken lightly . They went to Inter and won 5-2  in the quarterfinals  . " Neuer , who has announced that he will not extend his contract at Schalke and will reportedly make a post-season move to Bayern Munich , had earlier shown why so many clubs -- including United -- have been linked with the 25-year-old . The Germany international denied Giggs twice in the first half and also saved from Hernandez , and then kept out Michael Carrick 's header straight after the break . Giggs shot embarrassingly wide with his weaker right foot after a clever turn outwitted two defenders , then Hernandez was ruled offside before putting the ball past Neuer in the 51st minute . ` Envious ' Ferguson wants to match Real Madrid After United finally went comfortably ahead , manager Alex Ferguson was able to rest Hernandez , Park Ji-Sung and Rooney ahead of Sunday 's trip to English Premier League rivals Arsenal . It was the 69-year-old Scot 's 100th away game in Europe as a manager , as he seeks to add to Champions League titles in 1999 and 2008 to give United a fourth European crown overall . United have every incentive to reach the final , which will be played on home soil at London 's Wembley Stadium on May 28 . However , the 18-time English champions have never beaten a German team in four two-legged ties so far in the competition , losing to Bayern in last season 's quarterfinals . "  We have to recognize that we were dominated by a team playing in a different dimension , " Schalke defender Christoph Metzelder said . "  We still have hope , anything is possible . We 'll try to do everything to win at Old Trafford . " The winning team will progress for a title match against Spanish giants Barcelona or Real Madrid , who clash in the first leg of their semifinal at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday . United lost 2-0 to Barcelona in the 2009 final in Rome . Meanwhile , Stoke City moved up to ninth place with a 3-0 win over relegation-threatened Wolverhampton in Tuesday 's only Premier League fixture . Striker Kenwyne Jones opened the scoring with a header after 16 minutes , while defender Ryan Shawcross made it 2-0 from close range on halftime before winger Jermaine Pennant made it safe with a deflected effort soon after the interval . However , Stoke winger Matthew Etherington could miss the FA Cup final against Manchester City on May 14 after being stretchered off in the first half with a hamstring injury . The defeat left Wolves second from bottom with four matches to play .	Second-half goals from Ryan Giggs and Wayne Rooney give United semifinal edge Schalke beaten at home for first time in this season 's Champions League United have never beaten a German team in a two-leg tie in the tournament Alex Ferguson seeking to take United to a third final in four years
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The scar has faded over his left eye , but the fireworks injury that Tony Wittmann suffered when he was 17 taught him a lesson that he has n't forgotten . Sparklers burn at temperatures up to 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit  about 1,100 Celsius  . "  Teenagers being teenagers , we were shooting bottle rockets at each other from about 200 yards away , " he remembers . "  One hit above my eye and stuck in my forehead and exploded . " Emergency room doctors were able to stitch up the torn the tissue around his eye , but Wittmann was pretty shaken up . "  I thought at first , ` I 'm 17 and I 'm blinded for life . ' Once I calmed down , I realized I was OK , but it took all the fun out of the day . " Wittmann , now a 42-year-old firefighter and paramedic in Shawnee , Oklahoma , uses the story to explain the dangers of fireworks to his young sons . "  I try to tell them to learn from my mistake . " Every year at this time , he and his colleagues expect to be sent on a fireworks emergency call . "  Either a roof will be set on fire or someone will get burned , " he said . "  I do n't think you 'll ever get an injury-free season . " Health Minute : Watch more the dangers of fireworks " Unfortunately , that 's true not just in Oklahoma , but in the rest of the United States as well . The Consumer Product Safety Commission keeps track of injury rates nationwide . Nancy Nord , the commission 's acting chairwoman , says fireworks injuries are common . "  Over 9,000 people are injured each year because of fireworks , on average seven people die , " she said . The agency estimates that half the injuries occur among children . "  Little kids love sparklers , " Nord says . "  But sparklers burn at temperatures up to 2,000 degrees -LSB- Fahrenheit -RSB- , and sparklers are the biggest cause of injury for children under 5 . " Burns , lacerations and eye injuries are some of the most common injuries reported . Despite the risks , fireworks are more popular than ever . Bill Weimer , vice president of Phantom Fireworks in Youngstown , Ohio , says this is the busiest time of the year for sales . His company is the operator of the largest chain of fireworks stores in the country and expects to make 95 percent of its yearly sales between Memorial Day and July 4 . Three years ago , The Wall Street Journal estimated the six-week revenue to amount to $ 100 million , a figure Weimer does n't dispute . But along with increased profits , he contends , "  Fireworks products are safer today than ever before . Most of the injuries unfortunately are due to misuse and abuse . " He strongly encourages people to read the directions and follow the rules . "  This product is wonderful family entertainment , but at the same time , you have to respect the fact that -LSB- fireworks -RSB- burn to function . ... Parents should watch their kids like hawks . " That 's part of the No. 1 safety tip from the Consumer Product Safety Commission : Never allow children to play with or ignite fireworks . The commission also warns users to keep a bucket of water or hose nearby in case of fire , to light fireworks only on a flat surface away from structures and dry leaves , and not to relight fireworks that have not fully functioned . Experts also tell bystanders to be out of range before lighting fireworks . It 's a rule Wittmann learned the hard way . "  People do n't understand you 're dealing with explosives . Most people take them for granted . I know I did . " E-mail to a friend Judy Fortin is a correspondent with CNN Medical News .	Consumer Product Safety Commission : Over 9,000 fireworks injuries annually About half the injuries are among kids , commission says Burns , lacerations , eye injuries among most common injuries reported
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- A Bangladesh court on Sunday indicted the eldest son of a former prime minister and 29 others on charges related to alleged involvement in a 2004 deadly grenade attack on a rally led by the current prime minister , police and court officials said . Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina narrowly escaped the attacks , but Ivy Rahman , the wife of Bangladesh President Zillur Rahman was among 24 killed . The attacks are believed to have been carried out by an outlawed Islamist group called Harkat-ul-Jihad al Islami . The accused include at least two ministers in the cabinet of former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia , former chiefs of two state intelligence services and three former inspectors general of police . Twenty-two other people were previously indicted in the attacks . Zia 's eldest son , Tarique Rahman , 47 , now resides in England and will be tried in absentia , said Syed Rezaur Rahman , the state prosecutor . A judge set the trial date for March 28 . Police investigators say Tarique Rahman aided and abetted the Zia administration in planning the attacks and helping the assailants flee the scene . Rahman could face the death penalty if found guilty , according to the country 's penal code . Since the end of Zia 's tenure in 2006 , Tarique Rahman is facing 14 cases on charges of corruption and extortion . Zia 's youngest son , Arafat Rahman , was jailed for six years on a corruption and money laundering charge . He was also tried in absentia . Zia , who heads the opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party and has served twice as the country 's prime minister , said political vendettas are to blame in both her sons ' prosecutions . The BNP and its allies have recently demanded midterm elections and launched an anti-government movement .	Tarique Rahman is among 52 total indicted in the deadly 2004 attack at a political rally His mother , the former premier , blames political vendettas for his prosecution Rahman lives in England and will be tried in absentia , prosecutor says
Washington  CNN  -- Nearly two years into the recession , opinion about which political party is responsible for the severe economic downturn is shifting , according to a new national poll . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Friday morning indicates that 38 percent of the public blames Republicans for the country 's current economic problems . In May , 53 percent blamed the GOP . According to the poll , 27 percent now blame the Democrats for the recession , up 6 points from May , and 27 percent now say both parties are responsible . "  The bad news for the Democrats is that the number of Americans who hold the GOP exclusively responsible for the recession has been steadily falling by about two to three points per month , " said Keating Holland , CNN polling director . "  At that rate , only a handful of voters will blame the economy on the Republicans by the time next year 's midterm elections roll around . . " Thirty-six percent of people questioned said that President Obama 's policies have improved economic conditions , with 28 percent feeling that the president 's programs have made things worse , and 35 percent saying what he 's done has had no effect on the economy . One reason for that , Holland said , may be the growing federal budget deficit : Two-thirds say that the government should balance the budget even in a time of war and recession . The survey indicates that only 18 percent said the economic conditions in the country today are good , down 3 points from August . Eighty-two percent said economic conditions are poor . "  Some economic indicators may suggest that the economy has turned the corner -- but try telling that to the American people , " Holland said . The number of Americans who said the economy is in good shape -- a number that grew steadily through the spring and summer -- has now stalled , with fewer than one in five expressing a positive view of current conditions . More than eight in 10 say that economic conditions are in poor shape , with 43 percent calling them very poor . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted November 13-15 , with 1,014 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	38 percent blame Republicans , 27 percent blame Democrats In May , 53 percent blamed Republicans for economic mess Rising federal deficit may partly explain shift , CNN polling director says Only 18 percent say economic conditions are good
Hong Kong  CNN  Six people were hurt after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in China 's southeastern Fujian province sparked a huge fire , provincial authorities told state media . The plant , located in Zhangzhou city , produces paraxylene  PX  , a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics . The blast occurred at an oil storage facility Monday night after an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill . Five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment , Xinhua news agency reported . More than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control , the Zhangzhou fire department wrote on their official microblogging account Tuesday morning . Residents living close to the plant had heard the explosion and took to Weibo to post photos of the fire . One user wrote that he heard a loud blast and felt slight tremors . The plant was hit by another explosion in July 2013 , although there were no reports of casualties or toxic leaks at the time . Though demonstrations are illegal in China , the construction of PX plants has sparked protests , which have occasionally turned violent , in several cities in recent years . The Zhangzhou plant was slated for Xiamen -- a densely populated city in the southeast of the country . However , it provoked an angry backlash in 2007 due to pollution concerns and prompted the local government to relocate the factory to its current , more remote location .	A blast rocks a chemical plant in China 's southeastern Fujian province for the second time in two years Six were injured after the explosion and are being hospitalized The explosion was triggered by an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spills
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- He was to demonstrating his right to bear arms -- and he wanted you to know it . A man is shown legally carrying a rifle at a protest against President Obama on Monday in Phoenix , Arizona . Video of the unidentified man toting an assault rifle outside President Obama 's speech to veterans Monday was aired all over the country , causing a buzz about weapons popping up -- legally -- around recent presidential events . The protester , who refused to give his name , was interviewed by a man carrying a microphone and said , "  I am almost always armed . " The interview , done by Libertarian radio talk show host Ernest Hancock , was staged . "  Absolutely , " Hancock told CNN 's Rick Sanchez Tuesday . "  You guys are so easy . What we wanted to do was make sure that people around the country knew that law enforcement in Phoenix , Arizona , protects our rights . " Watch the rifle being legally carried at rally " The Phoenix-based host of "  Declare Your Independence with Ernest Hancock " identified the bespectacled man with the AR-15 semi-automatic assault rifle as "  Chris , " saying he 's known him for two years as part of a younger generation of Libertarians . "  We are up against a tyrannical government that will rob the next generation as long as they can get away with it , " Hancock said . Chris "  understands that his generation is going to be plundered until there is nothing left to plunder , " he added . And while Hancock admitted the interview was staged , he insisted the protester 's message was not . "  I come from another state where ` open carry ' is legal , but no one does it , so the police do n't really know about it and they harass people , arrest people falsely , " the protester identified as Chris told Hancock in an interview aired by CNN affiliate KNXV . "  I think that people need to get out and do it more so that they get kind of conditioned to it . " Video from KNXV shows the man standing with other protesters , with the rifle slung over his right shoulder , a handgun in a holster on his left hip , and a bullet clip in his back pocket . The same protester told KNXV separately , "  I 'm exercising my rights as an American in Arizona . " The protester was among a dozen other demonstrators carrying unconcealed guns outside the Obama event . Hancock , who said he was packing a 9-millimeter Beretta pistol , added that Phoenix police had known about the group 's intent to protest while carrying guns . "  They are the ones standing a few feet away from us " at Monday 's protest , Hancock said . "  Oftentimes , the citizenry are better armed than law enforcement -- they need us on their side . " Arizona law has nothing in the books regulating assault rifles , and only requires permits for carrying concealed weapons . So despite the man 's proximity to the president , there were no charges or arrests to be made , according to Phoenix police . Phoenix police spokesman Sgt. Andy Hill on Monday said officers explained the law to some people who were upset about the presence of weapons at the protest . Hill told CNN on Tuesday that the widely broadcast protest was no different than any other for law enforcement , in that investigators with the "  community response unit " had communicated with the group ahead of time . "  We try to have as much open communication as possible so we know what to expect and how to prepare , " he said , adding that the police department relayed information about Monday 's to federal law enforcement . He added that because of Arizona 's open carry law , it 's not uncommon for protesters to pack heat at demonstrations . Gun-toting protesters have demonstrated around the president before . Last week , a man protesting outside Obama 's town hall meeting in New Hampshire had a gun strapped to his thigh . That state also does n't require a license for open carry . U.S. Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan acknowledged the incidents in New Hampshire and Arizona , but said he was not aware of any other recent events where protesters attended with open weapons . He said there was no indication that anyone had organized the incidents . Asked whether the individuals carrying weapons jeopardized the safety of the president , Donovan said , "  Of course not . " The individuals would never have gotten close to the president , regardless of any state laws on openly carrying weapons , he said . A venue is considered a federal site when the Secret Service is protecting the president , and weapons are not allowed on a federal site , he said . iReport.com : Gun rights and health care In both instances , the men carrying weapons were outside the venues where Obama was speaking . "  We pay attention to this obviously ... to someone with a firearm when they open carry even when they are within state law , " Donovan said . "  We work with our law enforcement counterparts to make sure laws and regulations in their states are enforced . " CNN 's Carol Cratty and Samira Simone contributed to this report .	NEW : Libertarian radio host says rifle-toting protester interview was set up Man with rifle at Obama event says he was exercising right to bear arms Video shows man with an assault rifle slung over his shoulder at Phoenix protest Secret Service : Man considered no threat to president , who was nearby
CNN  -- Residents of Newtown , Connecticut , took to social media Friday to share their fear , shock and horror over the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School . Several people on Twitter expressed concerns about relatives who attend or work at the school , where a law-enforcement official said at least 18 children were slain after gunfire erupted Friday morning . Others posted images from the scene and from a nearby fire station , where survivors were taken . A hospital in nearby Danbury posted a Facebook update late Friday morning saying that three victims were being treated there . In what now seems like a much more innocent time , the school hosted a winter concert Thursday . Principal Dawn Hochsprung , who was killed in the shootings , had posted a photo on Twitter Wednesday of a rehearsal for the concert . . If you have trouble viewing this page , please visit Storify to see the post . Do you live in the Newtown area or know people at Sandy Hook Elementary ? Share your views in the comments area below or post your thoughts on CNN iReport . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this report .	Members of the greater Newtown , Connecticut community react to Friday 's school shootings Some have relatives who attend or work at the school People on Twitter posted images from the scene and from a nearby fire station
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Abu Laith al-Libi , a wanted al Qaeda terrorist , was killed in Pakistan by a CIA airstrike , three U.S. officials told CNN Thursday . Abu Laith al-Libi in April 2007 during a videotaped interview by al Qaeda 's media wing . Al-Libi was described as a senior al Qaeda leader believed to have plotted and executed attacks against U.S. and coalition forces , including a February 2007 bombing at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan during a visit by Vice President Dick Cheney . He was on a "  most wanted " list of 12 accused terrorists which was issued in October by the Combined Joint Task Force-82 -- an anti-terror unit in Afghanistan . Earlier , a knowledgeable Western official and a military source confirmed al-Libi 's death to CNN . The same official said al-Libi is "  not far below the importance of the top two al Qaeda leaders " -- Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri . The officials said al-Libi was killed by a missile from an airplane . Radical Islamist Web sites announced al-Libi 's death . "  May God have mercy on Sheikh Abu Laith al-Libi and accept him with his brothers , with the martyrs , " said a eulogy posted on a main Islamist site , Al-Ekhlaas . Al-Libi , 41 , was of Libyan descent and was believed to have been in the Afghanistan/Pakistan border region , according to the U.S. military . A U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN he was a significant , senior al Qaeda figure who had taken on a more prominent role in the organization in recent years . This official also confirmed that al-Libi was responsible for plotting attacks targeting U.S. and coalition forces as well as Afghan officials . Watch senior Arab affairs editor Octavia Nasr detail al-Libi 's significance " In an earlier role , he was a leader of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group , which eventually merged with al Qaeda , the counterterrorism official said , and was responsible for planning attacks throughout North Africa and the Middle East . The official described al-Libi as part of al Qaeda 's inner circle , who helped fill the void created by the capture or death of other senior people in the organization . A U.S. military official with Combined Joint Task Force-82 said they have no information on al-Libi 's death . But he added that CJTF-82 does not collect information from outside of Afghanistan , and would be informed of targeted operations only "  if the Pakistani military share  s  that with us . " The Pakistani military said an explosion occurred in North Waziristan on Tuesday , and 12 people were killed . However , it was unclear whether this was the incident in which al-Libi was killed . Military spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN it was not clear who attacked whom and that he could not comment on the identities of the dead since local al Qaeda and Taliban affiliates removed the bodies and buried them . The U.S. military placed al-Libi on its most wanted list in 2006 , behind bin Laden , al-Zawahiri and Taliban leader Mullah Omar . In October , they announced rewards ranging from $ 20,000 to $ 200,000 for al-Libi and 11 other mid-level Taliban and al Qaeda leaders . At that time , the military distributed posters and billboards with pictures and names of the insurgents around eastern Afghanistan . Al-Libi and the others were described at the time by CJTF-82 spokesman Maj. Chris Belcher as "  mid-level bad guys . " He appeared in a 2002 audio recording posted on an Islamist Web site , saying al Qaeda had regrouped and intended to expand its war to include assassinations and attacks against infrastructure . He also appeared in a 2004 video that showed him participating in an attack on an Afghan army base . Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the top Republican on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , issued a statement saying al-Libi 's reported death would be "  a positive development " in efforts against terrorism . "  Intelligence points to , and his -LSB- al-Libi 's -RSB- increasing role in al Qaeda propaganda suggests , that he would have been a top field commander and planner for al Qaeda , " Hoekstra said . "  His death , if confirmed , clearly will have an impact on the radical jihadist movement . " He said that through the committee , he would monitor the effects on al Qaeda operations . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Pam Benson , Samson Desta , Elise Labott , Wilf Dinnick , Kelli Arena and CNN senior Arab affairs editor Octavia Nasr contributed to this report .	NEW : Abu Laith al-Libi was killed by a missile from an airplane , officials say Al-Libi plotted attacks against U.S. and coalition forces , officials say Source : Libyan behind 2007 February bombing of Bagram Air Base Official : Al-Libi "  not far below the importance " of Osama bin Laden , his top aide
CNN  -- Brazil have returned to the top of the FIFA world rankings after a two-year absence , following their Confederations Cup final victory over the United States in South Africa on Sunday -- FIFA.com have reported . The Brazilian national side top the FIFA world rankings again after an absence of two years . Dunga 's side came from behind to defeat the United States 3-2 , a result which sees them replace Spain after the European champions were beaten in the semifinals to finish third in the Confederations Cup . Other changes in the top 10 see the Netherlands slip down a place into third while world champions Italy remain in fourth despite failing to make it past the first round in South Africa . Of the other countries that took part in the Confederations Cup , the United States are up two places to 12th , Egypt are up two to 38th and hosts South Africa are also up two to 70th . Meanwhile , disappointing performances from Iraq  94th , down 17  and New Zealand  100th , down 18  caused them to lose ground . In other news , Algeria  47th , up 19  and Tunisia  49th , up two  have climbed into the top 50 at the expense of Burkina Faso  51st , down one  and Finland  52nd , down three  . Latest FIFA world rankings : 1 . Brazil 1672 points  +4 places 2 . Spain 1590  -1 3 . The Netherlands 1379  -1 4 . Italy 1229  0 5 . Germany 1207  -2 6 . Russia 1161  +3 7 . England 1135  -1 8 . Argentina 1091  -1 9 . France 1082  +1 10 . Croatia 1031  -2	Brazil are back at the top of the FIFA world rankings after a two-year absence Dunga 's side return to head of the list after winning recent Confederations Cup European champions Spain drop to second position after their semifinal defeat
A defiant Barack Obama dives into what could be a defining period of his presidency this week , after repeatedly enraging Republicans from afar during his Asia tour . Obama faces showdowns with the GOP over immigration , the Keystone XL pipeline and his drive for a nuclear deal with Iran , all of which have huge consequences for his political legacy . Far from being chastened by the Republican capture of the Senate , Obama is setting out to prove he is no lame duck and can still set the agenda . But the GOP insists the mid-terms gave them a share of power in Washington , and believe Obama risks usurping his authority and even the constitution with his bold new strategy . Obama drawing lines on immigration , climate change Obama chose a highly symbolic setting to set the tone for two final White House years in which he will face a unified Republican Congress . Side-by-side in Myanmar with the world 's most famous dissident , Obama refused to bow to what Republicans regard as the capital 's new political "  reality . " On the veranda of the lakeside villa from where Aung San Suu Kyi faced down a junta , Obama said he had long warned House Republicans he would use executive power to reform the US immigration system if they failed to . "  That 's gon na happen . That 's gon na happen before the end of the year . " The president doubled down in Australia on Sunday , before boarding Air Force One for home , saying he would be derelict in his duties if he did not act . "  I ca n't wait in perpetuity when I have authorities that at least for the next two years can improve the system , " he said . White House officials have not said when Obama will wield his executive powers in a move that could remove the threat of deportation for millions of undocumented people . But they say it will be soon . While Obama was abroad , post-election tensions escalated sharply on Capitol Hill as happy talk from both sides about working together quickly ebbed away . Senior aides dispute the idea the elections were a referendum on the President and say Obama is at his best when he is on "  offense " and believe that 's what Americans want to see . So , as he trekked through Asia , Obama rattled Republicans almost every day . Related : On the other side of the world , Obama determined as ever to bypass Congress He surprised everyone with a new climate deal with China that the GOP slammed as costly and "  ridiculous . " He popped up on video to discuss new Internet regulations that may spark another row . He refused to budge on approving the Keystone XL pipeline to take oil from Canada to the Gulf Coast . He may veto a bill on the project that Congress is expected to pass this week . While in Asia , the president debunked the idea that the plan , opposed by environmentalists in his political base , would create lots of jobs and lower gas prices . Obama says he still wants to work with Republicans on tax reform and infrastructure spending bills . But it looks like he has decided that he wo n't compromise his legacy priorities to get that done . GOP promises retribution , but avoids specifics Republicans are fuming over Obama 's go-it-alone attitude since voters handed the GOP the Senate and expanded its majority in the House . "  We 'd like for the president to recognize the reality that he has the government that he has , not the one he wishes he had , " said the next Republican Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham warned Obama could spark a backlash over immigration . "  If he goes it alone he is going to run into the ire of the American people , " Graham said , though said Congress also had a responsibility to act . Republican Senate leadership member Roy Blunt warned however that Obama will eventually have to play ball , or he will end up with Republican bills he does n't like . "  At that point , his choice is to sign it or veto it . " Republican leader John Boehner said his goal was to stop the president from violating his oath of office and the constitution . "  There are things he is just not going to get . " Republican anger is however masking a serious problem the party has yet to resolve : how to hit back at what it sees a presidential power grab . Other than warning that Obama would "  poison the well " for future cooperation , GOP leaders wo n't say whether they will use pending federal funding bills as leverage . That route led to a damaging government shutdown for which the GOP paid a heavy political price last year . One response could be to pass a series of short term funding measures , that keep administration priorities in limbo and maximize Republican leverage . House Republicans could also chose to expand the lawsuit they have already lodged against Obama alleging he usurped his authority in implementing Obamcare . Conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer stirred buzz on Friday by declaring executive action on immigration would even be an "  impeachable " offense . GOP leaders are already braced for pressure from the right for a tangible and not merely symbolic reflex when the president acts . "  If the president moves forward and does his executive action , the Republicans have no choice but to respond , " said Dan Holler , communications director of Heritage Action for America , a conservative non profit group . "  That response needs to be legislative . The vehicle that makes most sense is denying funding for the activity that they say is unconstitutional and inappropriate . " Obamacare : Voters , are you stupid ? Obama 's strategy could divide Republicans Holler 's point reflects a secondary benefit some Democrats see in Obama 's strategy  $ " it will cause a big political headache for Republican bosses . Obama 's immigration move is certain to ignite a firestorm of grass roots conservative anger . That will in turn pile pressure on rank-and-file Republican House members who campaigned for office slamming what they see as an imperial president . Some conservative lawmakers were already skittish at leadership warnings that it might be impossible to repeal Obamacare with a Democratic president in the White House . Nothing worries Republicans in deeply conservative districts more than the prospect of a primary challenge , and many simply can not afford not to mount the kind of rowdy response to Obama which will rock Boehner 's restive caucus . Several House Republicans are arguing that it 's time to quickly get to work on holding hearings and drafting an immigration bill to demonstrate their party has its own reform ideas , and is not just about blocking the president 's policies . "  Ultimately we all know we 've got to deal with this problem , so why not start dealing with the problem - even though it 's the lame duck , even though you 're not going to get anything through to final passage , " Idaho Republican Rep Mike Simpson told reporters Friday . "  Now we could start showing some seriousness that we 're going to address this problem . " Executive orders on immigration will also detonate as the 2016 presidential race dawns , trapping Republicans between the party 's activist base and a desire to engage Hispanic voters vital to GOP White House hopes . Republicans are also adamantly opposed to the nuclear deal with Iran which could emerge from down-to-the-wire talks in Vienna starting this week and are threatening to upend it with new sanctions . Obama appears to reject the idea Republicans have a mandate for change at all . He stressed in his post-election news conference that two thirds of Americans did not even vote and he was "  the guy who 's elected by everybody . " But he knows a tough political fight looms and reflected Friday on the contrast between polarization at home and the welcome he gets on his travels . "  You are always popular in somebody else 's country . When you 're in your own country , everybody is complaining . "	Obama stakes out defiant tone toward GOP The White House readies executive action on immigration Republicans puzzle over how to respond
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Thursday that House committees will begin action on President-elect Barack Obama 's proposed economic recovery package in the next couple of weeks , with a vote in the full House slated for the week after Obama 's inauguration . Speaker Nancy Pelosi says the House will not go on a break until an economic recovery package is passed . Obama will take office January 20 . If that schedule slips , Pelosi , D-California , pledged to cancel the House 's planned weeklong break in mid-February for Presidents Day . "  We are not going home without an economic recovery package , " Pelosi said . Pelosi said Obama 's plan has broad public support "  almost sight unseen , " citing a poll from Politico that says 79 percent of Americans support the president-elect 's plan . A senior Pelosi aide said discussions about the details are ongoing between the Obama transition team and key leaders . The Ways and Means Committee will focus on the tax piece , approximately $ 300 billion in tax cuts . Obama transition aides met with Democrats on that committee Wednesday morning to discuss various proposals , according to another Democratic aide . The Appropriations Committee is tasked with drafting details on spending hundreds of billions of dollars on infrastructure projects , food stamps and other aid to states . Sidestepping a question on possible roadblocks for the bill , Pelosi instead touted the new muscle of the expanded Democratic majority . "  We have been so used to an uphill fight , but now we have arrived . We have a big , strong , something like an 80-vote majority in the Congress , in the House , with a Democratic president in the White House , " she said . In a speech Thursday , Obama said it was imperative that Congress move quickly to pass the stimulus package once he takes office , warning that a failure to do so would have devastating long-term consequences to the nation 's economy . "  We start 2009 in the midst of a crisis unlike any we have seen in our lifetime , a crisis that has only deepened over the last few weeks , " Obama said at George Mason University in Virginia . Watch Obama call for "  dramatic action " on the economy " "  I do n't believe it 's too late to change course , but it will be if we do n't take dramatic action as soon as possible , " Obama continued . "  If nothing is done , this recession could linger for years . " Key members of Obama 's own party , however , said they opposed central tax measures of the president-elect 's proposals after emerging from a closed-door meeting of the Senate Finance Committee . Watch Obama explain his tax proposals " In particular , they do not think that giving employers a $ 3,000 tax credit for each worker they hired would work . "  I 'm not that excited about that , " said Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts . "  Having a tax credit for hiring is not going to change that dynamic ; creating a direct job will . So I 'd rather spend the money on the infrastructure , on direct investment , on energy conversion and other kinds of things , much more directly and much more rapidly and much more certainly create a real job . " Sen. Kent Conrad agreed . "  I think it 's unlikely to be effective , " the North Dakota senator said . "  If you think about it , businesspeople are not going to hire people to produce products that are not selling . Who is going to hire in the auto industry if you give them a $ 3,000 credit to make cars that people are not buying ? " A second Obama tax proposal that several Democrats were down on is payroll tax credits , amounting to about $ 20 per paycheck and totaling $ 500 per person and $ 1,000 for couples earning less than $ 200,000 a year . Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon said he doubted that proposal would do much to stimulate the economy . "  We have an example from the first stimulus that indicates just giving people $ 500 to $ 600 , while certainly welcome when there 's this much economic hurt , may not be the best use of stimulus , " Wyden said . Instead , Wyden said , pumping more money into infrastructure spending would be more effective in creating jobs . Conrad agreed with Wyden . "  Twenty dollars a week ? I do n't think that will be effective , either . That is in terms of economic impact . We have got to focus on what is actually going to lift the economy , " Conrad said . None of the senators CNN spoke with after the meeting said they thought the opposition to these provisions would derail the bill but suggested that many meetings would be needed with the Obama team to hammer out an agreement . First votes in the Finance Committee , which must approve the tax components of the stimulus plan , could come in the next two weeks , senators and aides said . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Speaker Nancy Pelosi sets full House vote on stimulus for week of January 25 House committees will work on Obama 's plan over the next couple of weeks Senate Democrats balk at proposal to give employers $ 3,000 for each worker hired
CNN  -- The search continued Tuesday for as many as 67 people missing after a boat carrying about 200 Haitians capsized , the U.S. Coast Guard said . The U.S. Coast Guard intercepted this crowded boat last week and repatriated its occupants to Haiti . The boat overturned Monday off Turks and Caicos , a British territory about 550 miles southeast of Miami , Florida . Searchers aboard boats and aircraft have rescued 118 passengers and found 15 bodies , said Petty Officer Jennifer Johnson , a Coast Guard spokeswoman , on Tuesday morning . The Coast Guard described the boat 's occupants as migrants from Haiti . The overcrowded vessel was believed to have set sail from the Haitian port of Cap Haitien , the Turks and Caicos Sun newspaper reported . The search resumed at dawn Tuesday after being suspended because of darkness Monday night , Johnson said . The Coast Guard is contributing one boat , the 210-foot cutter Valiant , and three aircraft to the search , Johnson said . The aircraft are a Falcon jet out of Miami , an HH-60 helicopter and a slow-flying C-130 cargo plane out of Clearwater , Florida . Watch Coast Guard rescue Haitians after boat capsizes " "  If the weather and conditions are right , -LSB- the C-130 -RSB- can fly really low , " Johnson said . "  It makes a fantastic search aircraft . " Turks and Caicos authorities are using small boats in the search , she said . About 70 people were plucked Monday from a reef near the island group , authorities said . Four other bodies were found , though it was unclear which authorities located them . A nurse at Myrtle Rigby Hospital in the Turks and Caicos said that about 70 people were brought there , including four who had died . Five people were admitted to the hospital , and the others had minor injuries , the nurse said . The Coast Guard said it intercepted another "  grossly overloaded " boat , with 124 Haitians aboard , late last week in the same region . Those migrants were returned to Cap Haitien on Monday . Overloaded vessels can quickly lose stability and capsize , sending migrants into the water , a Coast Guard release said . CNN 's Jim Kavanagh and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : 15 confirmed dead after boat capsizes ; as many as 67 missing Boat with about 200 Haitians capsized Monday near Turks and Caicos Islands Coast Guard intercepted another boat overloaded with Haitians late last week
CNN  -- Charl Schwartzel kickstarted the defense of his Joburg Open title with a superb 10-under-par-61 in a weather-affected second round on Friday . The 26-year-old , seeking his sixth European Tour title , fired a flawless 10-birdie effort to claim a tie for the lead with fellow South African Garth Mulroy and England 's Jamie Elson at the halfway stage . He moved up 39 places , having opened with a 68 , as three hours were lost due to a thunderstorm . Schwartzel played on the Royal Johannesburg and Kensington club 's West Course , while Mulroy and Elson carded 64s on the more testing East Course . The weekend rounds will be played at the East Course once the second round is finally completed on Saturday morning . "  It really fell into place and I hit some great tee shots and iron shots , and I used just about every opportunity I had on the greens , " Schwartzel , who has having problems with his swing before the tournament started , told the European Tour website . The world No. 32 is the highest-ranked player in the co-sanctioned Sunshine Tour event . By comparison , Elson is 493rd in the standings , having failed to retain his European Tour card after making the halfway cut in 13 of the 26 events he played . He fired five successive birdies from the fifth hole as he moved up from his overnight position of sixth , as did Mulroy . Their 36-hole total of 129 was a shot ahead of the South African trio of James Kingston , Thomas Aiken  66  and joint first-round leader Tyrone Mordt  68  . The 45-year-old Kingston almost matched Schwartzel 's score but bogeyed his final hole on the West Course to sign for a 62 . The second event of the U.S. PGA Tour season has also been affected by weather , with Thursday 's opening round of the Sony Open in Hawaii washed out . The tournament finally began on Friday morning , with American golfer Ryan Palmer seeking to become the fourth player to defend his title at Waialae . Joseph Bramlett , the first African-American golfer to get through qualifying school since 1985 , is one of 27 rookies making PGA Tour debuts .	Defending champion Charl Schwartzel in a three-way tie for the lead at Joburg Open He shoots 10-under 61 to be level with compatriot Garth Mulroy and England 's Jamie Elson They are chased by fellow South Africans James Kingston , Thomas Aiken and Tyrone Mordt The U.S. PGA Tour event in Hawaii is also affected by bad weather
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Opposition forces claimed a major victory Sunday in Libya , managing to block an onslaught by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's troops and maintain control of the key city of Misrata , an eyewitness said . Using machine guns , sticks and anything else they could find , crowds protected the courthouse , serving as an operations center by the opposition in Misrata , and successfully repelled Gadhafi militias armed with tanks and heavy artillery , the witness said . "  The will and the determination and dedication that people are showing here on the ground , it just makes you speechless , " he said . A doctor at Central Misrata Hospital said 42 people were killed -- 17 from the opposition and 25 from the pro-Gadhafi forces -- and that 85 people were wounded in the fighting , which continued on the city 's outskirts . The youngest victim , 3 years old , was killed by direct fire , the doctor said . Witnesses and other sources are not being named for their own safety . Humanitarian and medical aid to the central Libyan city has been blocked , U.N. emergency relief coordinator Valerie Amos said in a statement Sunday . She urged authorities "  to provide access without delay to allow aid workers to help save lives . " Fighting also raged in the town of Bin Jawad , where the sounds of booms -- either aerial bombardments or heavy artillery -- could be heard echoing . The opposition also worked to keep control of Ras Lanuf . The battles came in stark contrast to the image Gadhafi 's regime sought to portray in the capital , Tripoli . Throngs filled Green Square , cheering their support of Gadhafi , with some insisting they were celebrating the government 's victory in Misrata . A government official said Gadhafi 's regime was victorious in Ras Lanuf and in Zawiya , as well . CNN was not allowed to enter Zawiya on Sunday , and could not reach people inside the city . Reports said communications had been cut off . Libyan state TV also claimed that the government had gained control of the eastern port city of Tobruk . "  Morning victory , oh people of Libya . Victory city of Tobruk from terrorist gangs , " the station said . Witnesses in Tobruk , though , said it was still under opposition control . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon talked Sunday morning with Libyan Foreign Minister Musa Kasa , appealing for an end to hostilities and discussing "  the increasingly troubling humanitarian situation , " according to a statement from his office . The release criticized Gadhafi 's government for what it called "  disproportionate use of force and indiscriminate attacks on civilian targets . " After reports of the opposition successfully fighting off pro-Gadhafi forces in Misrata , Libyan state TV showed a graphic -- in both Arabic and English -- saying that "  strict orders have been issued to the armed forces not to enter cities taken by terrorist gangs , who took civilians as human shields and threatened to slaughter the inhabitants of those cities . " The report cited "  military sources , " and said those cities "  are being circled by the armed forces except those neighborhoods where the terrorist gangs have sought refuge . " While the pro-Gadhafi rally in Tripoli was crowded and boisterous -- including the sounds of car horns and celebratory gunfire -- such demonstrations do not offer a clear sign of how much support the 68-year-old leader actually has . Throughout the uprising , which began February 15 , witnesses in Tripoli have described the government using all sorts of methods to drum up crowds , including forcibly dragging people to them , while keeping anti-Gadhafi demonstrators off the streets . On Sunday , police forces searched cars to try to ensure that no anti-Gadhafi protesters were out on the streets , though some still managed to venture out , a witness said . Traces of bullets and blood could be seen in some districts near Tripoli 's Green Square , and people were mopping the streets and cleaning the walls , the witness said . On Saturday , opposition forces had claimed two major successes : preventing pro-government forces from taking Zawiya and capturing Ras Lanuf along the coast . Opposition forces in eastern Libya briefly detained a group of British special forces . The group was let go Sunday , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement . "  I can confirm that a small British diplomatic team has been in Benghazi . The team went to Libya to initiate contacts with the opposition . They experienced difficulties , which have now been satisfactorily resolved . They have now left Libya , " Hague said in a statement . "  We intend , in consultation with the opposition , to send a further team to strengthen our dialogue in due course . This diplomatic effort is part of the UK 's wider work on Libya , including our ongoing humanitarian support . We continue to press for Gadhafi to step down and we will work with the international community to support the legitimate ambitions of the Libyan people . " The strife engulfing the north African nation is reverberating across the country , the region and the world . Death toll estimates range from more than 1,000 to as many as 2,000 , and the international community has been pondering strategies on how to end the violence and remove the Gadhafi regime . The protesters are seeking the ouster of Gadhafi after nearly 42 years of ruling the country -- the kind of revolution that was seen in neighboring Tunisia and Egypt . But unlike in those countries , the uprising has turned into warfare . Benjamin Barber , a fellow at the New York-based Demos think tank who had worked closely with the Gadhafi Foundation , told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that he felt Gadhafi , his son Saif and their supporters would likely "  fight to the death " -- meaning a prolonged war , compared to the relatively quick and peaceful political transition that happened in Egypt and Tunisia . Even if Gadhafi is somehow ousted , Barber predicted the violence could continue as tribes duke it out for supremacy in a nation that has few significant public institutions that could fill a potentially chaotic void . Gadhafi 's government has been reviled across the globe for violence against civilians , and the International Criminal Court has launched an investigation of Gadhafi , some of his sons and other leaders for possible crimes against humanity . Opposition-controlled radio announced Saturday that the country 's sole legitimate representative was now the National Transitional Council , a group with 31 representatives for most of the regions in Libya . The council held its first meeting Saturday in the eastern city of Benghazi . It called Benghazi its temporary location until the "  liberation " of the capital , according to a decree the council issued . Former Justice Minister Mustafa Abdeljeleel , whom the council said had tried to resign from Gadhafi 's government several times , was announced as the council 's new leader . The council also named a representative for military affairs and established a military council to oversee the "  liberation " of Libya and reconstruct the armed forces , according to the radio announcement . The council said its main missions are to represent all of Libya internationally , liberate the country , draft a constitution and hold elections . Meanwhile , the fierce fighting has sparked the flight of Libyans and foreigners out of Libya , with nations across the globe scrambling to help people leave . Almost 200,000 people have fled Libya with nearly equal numbers going to Tunisia and Egypt , the United Nations refugee agency said . The United States announced Saturday it is contributing $ 3 million to the International Organization for Migration to help return home thousands of non-Libyans who fled to Tunisia . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Ben Brumfield , Arwa Damon , Ben Wedeman , Salma Abdelaziz , Jomana Karadsheh , Jill Dougherty and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report	NEW : The UN 's chief talks Sunday with Libya 's foreign minister , urging end to violence A doctor says at least 42 were killed in Misrata ; the UN says aid has been blocked Libyan state TV says troops are under orders not to enter cities controlled by "  gangs " Police search cars to make sure no anti-Gadhafi forces come out in Tripoli , a witness says
CNN  -- Shoulder-launched anti-tank weapons purchased by Venezuela have ended up in the hands of guerrillas , Colombian Vice President Francisco Santos said . Venezuelan Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro talks on the phone with President Hugo Chavez in Caracas Monday . In an interview with Caracol Radio Monday , Santos addressed local reports of anti-tank weapons manufactured in Sweden being seized from members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , and traced to Venezuela . "  This is not the first time that this happens , " Santos said . "  In several operations in which we have recovered weapons from the FARC , we have found powerful munitions and powerful equipment , including anti-tank weapons , from a European country that sold them to Venezuela and that turned up in the hands of the FARC . " The weapons have been identified as AT4 shoulder-fired rockets manufactured by Saab Bofors Dynamics in Sweden , according to Jane 's Defence Weekly . They were seized in 2008 from a guerrilla base , the Colombian magazine Semana reported . Jan-Erik Lovgren , the Swedish official who oversees weapon exports , told Radio Sweden on Monday that his country stopped selling weapons to Venezuela in 2006 . Venezuela on Monday denied allegations that they gave the weapons to the guerrilla group . "  To me it seems that this is a new attack against our government based on lies , " Venezuelan Minister of the Interior and Justice Tareck El Aissami said at a news conference Monday . "  We absolutely deny that our government or our institutions are providing assistance to criminal and terrorist organizations , " El Aissami told reporters . "  It 's laughable , it sounds like a cheap film made by the American government . " Previous instances of Venezuela 's government being accused of aiding the FARC include one last year , when the U.S. Treasury Department accused two senior Venezuelan intelligence officials and one former official of assisting the guerrillas with drug trafficking . The department froze any assets the three men may have under U.S. jurisdiction and prohibited Americans from conducting business with them .	Saab Bofors Dynamics in Sweden made the arms , Jane 's Defence Weekly says Weapons seized in 2008 from a guerrilla base , Colombian magazine Semana says Venezuela denies the allegations
LONDON , England  Reuters  -- Police closed streets near London 's Canary Wharf financial district on Saturday after an unexploded German flying bomb from World War II was found on a construction site . WWII bombs are unearthed across Europe , often during building excavations , such as this one in France . Bomb disposal experts were called in to make the V1 missile safe after it was unearthed close to the east London complex that houses 80,000 office workers during the working week , police said . At weekends the area is busy with shoppers and visitors . Police closed several roads around the site in Millharbour , a road in the former docklands . "  Ambulance , fire and police are there and the building site has been evacuated , " a London police spokesman said . The area was cordoned off , he said . Thousands of V1s , nicknamed "  Doodlebugs " , were fired at the capital during the war , with the docks a prime target . Hundreds of unexploded bombs from the war are buried across the country , according to government figures . They are unearthed from time to time , often during building excavations . Canary Wharf 's tenants include Bank of America , Barclays , Citigroup , HSBC , the Independent newspaper group and Reuters . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Unexploded German WWII V1 bomb unearthed on London construction site Police closed streets near London 's Canary Wharf financial district Bomb disposal experts were called in to make the V1 missile safe Hundreds of unexploded bombs from the war are buried across the country
CNN  -- A Florida teenager made famous for her extensive bout with hiccups faces first-degree murder charges after meeting a man online and allegedly luring him to a vacant home , where he was robbed of between $ 50 and $ 60 and killed , police said . Jennifer Mee , 19 , was arrested and charged Sunday -- as were two men , Laron Raiford and Lamont Newton -- hours after Shannon Griffin was found dead . He had been shot several times . The victim "  friended " Mee on a social networking site last week and the two exchanged messages in subsequent days , according to St. Petersburg , Florida , police . Authorities do not believe Mee or Griffin , a Wal-Mart employee who had recently moved to Florida from the Gulf Coast , knew each other prior to their online encounter . After telling family members around 10 p.m. that he was heading out to meet a woman , Griffin rode his scooter to a vacant home where he had his first face-to-face encounter with Mee , police said . Mee led Griffin around to the back , where Raiford and Newton were armed and waiting , according to police . Griffin was shot with .38 - caliber revolver while struggling in what the three murder suspects described to police as a "  robbery gone awry . " "  All three suspects admitted to their involvement and were charged with first-degree felony murder , " St. Petersburg Police Sgt. T.A. Skinner said in a statement . Mee will face the same murder charge as the two men , even though she did n't actually shoot Griffin , police said . "  She was well aware of what was going on , " St. Petersburg , Florida , Police Chief Chuck Harmon said . "  She was obviously the set-up person in this robbery . " In 2007 , Mee 's non-stop hiccups gained national attention . She earned the nickname "  Hiccup Girl " and appeared multiple times on NBC 's "  Today " show . Her desperate search for a hiccup cure included trying "  sugar , peanut butter , breathing in a bag , having people scare me , " she said in a photo slideshow posted on the St. Petersburg Times ' website in February 2007 . But after her hiccups faded , Mee continued to draw attention . In June 2007 , local media reported that she ran away from home . In January 2010 , St. Petersburg police once again issued a missing person report for Mee . Her mother told CNN affiliate WFTS that her daughter had stormed off after getting into a fight with her boyfriend . Mee was found after a friend called police , the affiliate said . Mee had been living with Raiford and Newton , police said . Police arrived at the scene of Saturday 's shooting shortly after 11 p.m , finding a gun in some of the suspects ' clothing , Harmon said . The three suspects were arrested and charged Sunday , after they were "  cooperative " in talking with police . In an interview with WFLZ radio , the teenager 's mother , Rachel Robidoux , described her daughter as a gentle , somewhat naive person who had never before gotten into trouble . Her life had taken a turn for the worse , Robidoux said , ever since her bout with the hiccups . "  It was n't a case of the hiccups , it was a curse of the hiccups , " she said . She called Mee 's arrest "  a nightmare . " Also on WFLZ , Griffin 's ex-girlfriend Rachel Hagabone said the victim was a good man . "  All he ever wanted to do was make somebody happy , " she said . "  He 's the nicest guy ever . " St. Petersburg police described Griffin , who had no criminal record , as somewhat of a "  social introvert " who lived with a cousin and was often on the computer . Besides his online encounter , he did not appear to know any of the suspects , police said . "  This is the far end of the spectrum , as far as something that could happen " with social networking websites , said Harmon . "  The message : Be careful who you 're having a conversation with online . You never know . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : In radio interview , Jennifer Mee 's mother calls her daughter 's hiccups a "  curse " NEW : An ex-girlfriend describes the murder victim as the "  nicest guy ever " Police say that Mee befriended a man online and lured him to a vacant home
CNN  -- The moment has to happen sometime in a new administration , and the Afghanistan speech was it : the end of the Obama campaign of limitless aspiration and the acknowledgement of a presidency burdened by harsh realities and difficult choices . The candidate who had called the surge in the Iraq war "  reckless " was proposing a surge of his own in Afghanistan . The candidate who criticized President George W. Bush 's emergency spending bills for the Iraq war could end up proposing one of his own . The candidate who said that defined benchmarks -- and penalties -- were necessary for Bush 's surge to work in Iraq provided none of his own in his speech . Yet , in the end , there was one consistency : The candidate who called Afghanistan a "  war of necessity " found that , as president , he still believes it to be true . There was a clear subtext in the president 's speech on Afghanistan : I would n't be in this awful situation if my predecessor had n't sent troops to fight the wrong war in Iraq . It 's awfully late in the process to jump-start this war . I tried to figure out some other way to approach this , driving my generals and the intelligence community to distraction for three months with all of my questions and scenarios . No one can actually be certain that this is going to work , given the fact that we have to depend on the previously -- and notoriously -- untrustworthy governments in Afghanistan and Pakistan . But , knowing the threats that are out there , we have no choice : "  If I did not think that the security of the United States and the safety of the American people were at stake in Afghanistan , " Obama said , "  I would gladly order every single one of our troops home tomorrow . " But he found out that he could not . Nor could he go the leaner troop route initially proposed by Vice President Joe Biden . Obama himself made it clear that Afghanistan is no Vietnam : After all , our enemies there were n't looking for ways to kill Americans at home . And , by specifying a clear exit ramp , he made it clear that he is n't about to get bogged down in a war , as if saying it could make it true . Or at least convince his liberal base to support him . Yet what he could n't escape were the comparisons that he might be morphing into a version of Lyndon Johnson : a president with a robust domestic policy agenda fighting an unpopular war at the same time . And you can just hear his argument : I 'm not LBJ ; we 're not getting bogged down . We 're getting in fast , and , after 18 months , we 're gone . But , like LBJ and Vietnam , this is now Obama 's war . It 's also Obama 's economy -- and his high unemployment , his health care bill , his deficit . He 's all-in . And now , so are we . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Gloria Borger says Obama 's West Point speech on Afghanistan signaled shift Gone is promise of unlimited aspiration , replaced by reality , she says Obama now owns the war , along with the economy , she says
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- An internationally known Catholic priest sometimes called "  Father Oprah " has been removed from his posts in Florida after published photos showed him lying down bare-chested in an embrace with a woman on a beach . The photos of the Cuban-American priest appeared on the cover of this week 's TV Notas magazine . The Rev. Alberto Cutie  pronounced koo-tee-AYE  -- who got the nickname "  Father Oprah " because of the advice he gives on Spanish-language media -- remains a priest . But he was relieved Tuesday of his duties at St. Francis De Sales Church in Miami Beach , Florida , and at the Radio Paz and Radio Peace networks , said a "  deeply saddened " Miami , Florida , Archbishop John C. Favalora . The photos of the Cuban-American priest appeared on the cover and on eight inside pages of this week 's TV Notas magazine . The cover says in Spanish : "  Good God . Padre Alberto . First photos of a priest ` in flagrante ' with his lover . " In a message posted on the Miami archdiocese Web page , the archbishop apologized to parishioners and radio listeners for what he called a "  scandal . " "  Father Cutie made a promise of celibacy and all priests are expected to fulfill that promise with the help of God , " Favalora said . "  Father Cutie 's actions can not be condoned despite the good works he has done as a priest . " Cutie apologized in an online statement Tuesday , saying he "  wants to ask for forgiveness if my actions have caused pain and sadness . ... I assure you that my service and dedication to God remain intact . " Watch pictures that led to priest 's dismissal . " Other media outlets throughout Latin America , including the official Notimex news agency in Mexico , picked up the story on Tuesday , and it became an Internet sensation . Cutie has millions of followers in the Spanish-speaking world . "  We got a bunch of calls from sobbing women , " said Miami archdiocese spokeswoman Mary Ross Agosta . Archdiocese officials declined to say where Cutie was Tuesday or what his new assignment might be . A woman who answered the telephone Wednesday at St. Francis De Sales said , "  He is no longer here . " The identity of the woman in the photos remained publicly unknown Wednesday . Cutie was ordained in May 1995 and was the first Catholic priest to host a daily talk show on a major secular television network , his information on the LinkedIn online professional network says . In addition to his TV and radio appearances , he has written newspaper advice columns and a self-help book , "  Real Life , Real Love . " He was president and general director of Pax Catholic Communications , home of Radio Paz and Radio Peace in Miami . CNN 's John Zarrella and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Miami archbishop apologized for what he called a "  scandal ' The Rev. Alberto Cutie says his "  service and dedication to God remain intact " Priest wrote self-help book "  Real Life , Real Love "
CNN  -- The TSA is not as bad you think they are . At least , that 's what a list of "  myths and facts " issued Thursday by the TSA about pat-downs and other security measures would like you to consider . Many Americans have reacted with displeasure , or even outrage , over recent high-profile stories about intrusive searches at airports . In one of the instances that reverberated the strongest , a California man 's video of his encounter with TSA agents went viral . John Tyner refused an X-ray scan and then famously told agents that , "  if you touch my junk , I 'll have you arrested . " In its fact sheet , the TSA says that pat-downs only occur when a passenger sets off a metal detector or opts out of an X-ray scan . The latter is what led to Tyner 's confrontation with the TSA . Some see the pat-downs as a punishment for refusing to get scanned , but the TSA says that is not the case . "  There is nothing punitive about it -- it just makes good security sense , " the TSA said . "  And the weapons and other dangerous and prohibited items we 've found during pat-downs speak to this . " There are 400 full-body scanning machines at 69 airports nationwide , according to the TSA . About 24 million air travelers are expected to fly over the Thanksgiving holiday period , according to the Air Transport Association of America , an airline trade group . Grass-roots groups are urging travelers either not to fly or to protest by opting out of the full-body scanners and undergoing time-consuming pat-downs instead . Industry leaders are worried about the backlash . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano met with leaders of travel industry groups to discuss the concerns . Another myth that the TSA tackled is that all children will receive pat-downs . Children who require extra screening who are under 12 receive a modified pat-down , the TSA said . That news probably is n't reassuring for teenagers who draw a secondary security screening . Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger , the hero pilot , has gone on record as a critic of the TSA measures . He said the use of full-body pat-downs and advanced imaging scanners for airline personnel "  just is n't an efficient use of our resources . " Then there is the issue of whether the full-body scans , done in advance imaging technology , or AIT machines , are safe . It is a myth that they are not safe , the TSA says . The Backscatter technology used in the machines has been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and the National Institute for Standards and Technology , the TSA says . "  In fact , a traveler is exposed to less radiation from one AIT scan than from two minutes of an airline flight , " the fact sheet says . Passengers have also expressed concerns that the images from the scanners can be saved or transmitted to other devices . The TSA also calls this a myth , saying that the scanning machines do not have the capability to save or transmit images , and that other devices , such as cell phones with cameras , are not allowed in the screening rooms .	TSA says that pat-downs are only for those who set off metal detectors They are also for those who opt out of an X-ray scan Passengers have expressed displeasure with the pat-downs at airports
CNN  -- Acting West Virginia Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin will join the families of the 29 men who perished in an explosion at the Upper Big Branch Mine a year ago Tuesday . The April 5 , 2010 , explosion was the worst mining disaster in the United States since 1972 , when 91 miners died in a fire at the Sunshine Mine in Kellogg , Idaho . The Big Branch mine -- owned by Massey Energy -- had a spotty safety record prior to last year 's explosion , with three deaths reported over the previous 12 years . Most of the blast victims were working in an area where long-wall cutting was taking place . The technique uses a large grinder to extract coal and creates large amounts of coal dust and methane gas , both of which are explosive . The remembrance ceremony will take place Tuesday in Whitesville , which is located 30 miles south of Charleston . Tomblin will be joined by other state dignitaries , his office said . Last month , Tomblin unveiled a new , specially equipped truck designed to help rescue trapped miners -- part of that state 's response to the Big Branch explosion . "  I am still saddened by the loss , " Tomblin said at the time . "  The families of the  Upper Big Branch  tragedy have said , ` Do n't let this happen again . ' " The truck is "  fully equipped to provide mine rescue teams with the tools needed to greatly improve a mine rescue operation if and when called upon in the future , " according to the acting governor . Tomblin became West Virginia 's chief executive in November , when Gov. Joe Manchin resigned to fill the unexpired term of U.S. Sen. Robert Byrd .	The Upper Big Branch mine explosion killed 29 men It is the worst mining disaster in the United States since 1972 The mine had a spotty safety record Tuesday 's ceremony will include state dignitaries and the victims ' relatives
KAMPALA , Uganda  CNN  -- At least 640 people were arrested and 14 killed in fighting in Uganda 's capital between government forces and loyalists of a traditional kingdom , police said Sunday . A man tries to put out a fire on Friday in Kasubi , Uganda , a suburb of Kampala . The number of people arrested for suspected roles in the three-day riots could go up because investigations are still under way , said Kale Kayihura , the nation 's police chief . Trials for the suspects will start Monday on charges including taking part in violent acts and unlawful assemblies , Kayihura said . At least 82 were injured , according to the police chief . Tensions between President Yoweri Museveni and the Buganda kingdom -- headed by King Ronald Mutebi II , the ruler of the Baganda tribe -- have intensified in recent years . The violence flared Thursday when the government said it would not allow the king to travel to an area inhabited by a renegade rival group . After the travel ban , young Bagandans took to the streets , stealing ammunition from a police station and confronting officers , accusing them of harassment . "  The government is wrong to undermine cultural institutions which are the backbone of Uganda 's heritage , " said Mzamiru Balidha , a resident of Kampala . "  Cultural leaders must be left alone since they are not interfering in politics . " Rioters burned tires and cars , set buildings on fire and looted stores . Streets in the capital were strewn with debris over the weekend , including torched cars and burned tires . Police and the army patrolled deserted but calm streets Sunday as residents tried to return to normalcy after the protests . "  I 'm happy to see that there is peace now , " said Harry Sagara of Kampala . "  Now people can return to work . " Government officials and the Buganda kingdom have been at odds for years , sparring over land , sovereignty and political power . A government official said Sunday that the two leaders have pledged to meet and address their differences . "  Both the central government and the king are still working out details of the meeting , " said Daudi Migereko , the minister of parliamentary affairs . Bagandans are the dominant ethnic group and one of four ancient kingdoms in the nation . Kings in the east African nation are limited to a ceremonial role overseeing traditional and cultural affairs . Journalist Samson Ntale contributed to this report .	At least 640 arrested , police say ; number could rise ; trials to begin Monday Three-day riots , which killed 14 , were sparked by travel ban on tribal king National government and Buganda kingdom have been at odds for years Ugandan president and tribal king will meet to address differences , official says
CNN  NASA has come out with a new image that could become one of its most iconic ever . The Hubble Space Telescope revisited the so-called "  Pillars of Creation , " which the space agency describes as "  three giant columns of cold gas bathed in the scorching ultraviolet light from a cluster of young , massive stars in a small region of the Eagle Nebula , or M16 . " The previous photo of these pillars , taken in 1995 , went on to stand out from all the rest of NASA 's space images , the agency said . "  The Hubble image is so popular that it has appeared in movies and television shows , on T-shirts and pillows , and even on a postage stamp . " In celebration of the telescope 's upcoming 25th anniversary in April , Hubble returned to the pillars -- and this time with the latest high-definition tools . The new sharper and wider image was taken "  in near-infrared light , as well as visible light , " NASA said . "  The infrared view transforms the pillars into eerie , wispy silhouettes seen against a background of myriad stars . That 's because the infrared light penetrates much of the gas and dust , except for the densest regions of the pillars . Newborn stars can be seen hidden away inside the pillars . " In 1995 , the captured image gave insight into star formation . "  Nebulous star-forming regions like M16 are the interstellar neon signs that say , ` We just made a bunch of massive stars here , ' " said Paul Scowen of Arizona State University , who helped lead the original observations , in a post on NASA 's website . The new image "  hints " that these columns "  are also pillars of destruction , " NASA said . "  The ghostly bluish haze around the dense edges of the pillars is material getting heated up and evaporating away into space , " said Scowen . "  We have caught these pillars at a very unique and short-lived moment in their evolution . " 8 new planets found in ` Goldilocks zone '	A 1995 image of the "  Pillars of Creation " became iconic The new images give an even more spectacular view -- and new insight
CNN  -- For several weeks , Frances Johnson had been telling her 2-year-old son Noah the following : "  Mommy and Daddy are going to go to work for a while ... but we always come back for you . "  We always come back for you . " Noah is too young to understand that his mommy and daddy 's "  work " involves deploying to Afghanistan just around the new year , and that "  a while " could be between six and 12 months . But there are signs he seems to grasp how his life is about to dramatically change , Johnson said . When she said goodbye to him at the airport , which would be the last time she 'd see him in person for months , he wanted to come along and said , "  Me mama work ? " Johnson , who did n't want to cry in front of Noah for fear of making it even harder on him , could n't hold back the tears . "  I started crying and told him that I wish he could come to work with me , but that I would come back to him like I always do as soon as I could . " "  I said , ' I always come back for you . ' " Then , fearing she was really going to lose it , she gave him lots of kisses , hugged him for a "  very long time " and walked away as fast as she could . "  It 's really rough , I 'm not gon na lie , " she said in those first days after their goodbye . I ca n't even imagine how rough . The most I 've been away from my girls , ages 6 and 7 , was 2 1/2 weeks . The only people who perhaps can truly understand how rough it will be are the small group of military couples who have been deployed at the same time . From 2011 to the present , 681 Marine Corps couples had simultaneous deployments , according to the Manpower Management Information Systems Division Headquarters for the U.S. Marine Corps . ` Man , this is going to be hard ' The Marine Corps did not order the Johnsons to deploy together . Frances Johnson , a Marine Corps combat correspondent , volunteered with her husband 's full support because she has not deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan during her six years in the military and always wanted to experience a deployment . Her husband 's enlistment was about to end after 10 years , so he would remain home with Noah while she deployed . But then her husband , a Marine sergeant who is a program manager with infantry detection dogs and a clerk with the Anti-Terrorism/Force Protection unit , was offered a deployment that would give him a chance for a promotion to staff sergeant . Johnson encouraged her husband , Andrew , whom she calls Drew , to take it , even though it would mean both would be away from Noah at the same time . READ iReport : Husband wife deploying together "  He 's always been there for me . He 's always encouraged me to do more and grow , " she said . "  I said this is kind of a sign . ` Hey , it 's not time for you to go just yet . You still have a little more work in the Marine Corps . ' " Since making that decision , they have tried not to dwell on how tough it will be for Noah and for them , but of course , that is much easier said than done . "  I said , ` At least we 'll be together , ' " said Johnson , who will be deployed to the same base as her husband in southwestern Afghanistan . "  Other than that , it was just a whole lot of , ` Man , this is going to be hard , ' especially when  Noah would  come into bed with us in the morning . He 's still sleepy but he climbs on in and he 's just all happy and cuddly and it 's just , ` Man , I 'm really going to ... this is going to suck . ' " ` I 've heard that I 'm a bad mom ... for leaving ' Her mom and dad , who live outside Denver , agreed to watch Noah while she and her husband are overseas , so they moved him from California to Colorado shortly before Thanksgiving to help him adjust to a new routine . She then had to return to work in San Diego in early December , and her husband a few weeks later . They 'll be spending Christmas away from Noah before departing to Afghanistan . Johnson 's family has been extremely supportive , but not everyone understands their decision , especially since it was their choice . "  I 've heard that I 'm a bad mom and a bad wife for leaving , especially when we did n't know Drew was going to be going . I heard a lot of , ` How could you leave your son like that ? ' " she said . "  Sometimes , people who find out that both of us are deploying , they kind of say backhanded comments like , ` Wow , you guys are so brave for leaving your son . I could never do that . ' And , ` You know , I try to be so centered around my kids . ' And it 's like , ` OK , well , me , too , but this is my job . ' " It 's hard to know if those same people who seem to be passing judgment , even if they are doing it in a less than direct way , would have been more understanding a few years ago when there were two wars going on at the same time , the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan , and both were getting more attention here at home . But regardless of the answer to that question , the fact that some people do n't seem to appreciate Frances and Drew 's service and the extraordinary sacrifice they will be making is n't lost on them , especially on Frances . "  It hurts , but my husband is very , very good about focusing on the positives , because I am very good at focusing on the negatives , " she said with a laugh , remembering a wacky time recently when Noah was cracking up during a family silly string fight . "  After everything had kind of settled down ,  Drew  was like , ` See he 's going to remember the good times and he thinks , this is good , and he 's not going to say , ` Well , I ca n't believe you left me when I was 2 . He 's going to remember the good . ' " ` He can still have me close ' Frances plans to take "  quite a few pictures " of Noah with her along with all the pictures she already has on her iPhone . Plus , she 's bringing a special bear she and Drew got when she was 22 weeks pregnant with Noah . "  We had gone to a 3-D ultrasound place , and they recorded his heartbeat and put it inside the bear so I 'll be taking that with me , " she said . She and Drew are also leaving plenty behind for Noah , including their bed and some of their clothes so that he can just "  hang out with mom and dad 's scent . " They 've been taking pictures of just about everything they do so Noah will have them on the computer . Her mom also plans to have some pictures printed on little pillowcases and to hang a canvas of pictures in his room . "  I  plan  on writing him because he 's very , very smart , " she said . "  He likes to be read to , so I wanted to write him letters so that my mom can read them to him and he understands that mom 's far away but ... he can still have me close . " Leaving a son : ` OK , how do I prepare for that ? ' She feels mentally ready for her deployment , especially after a series of classes the military provides to give a better understanding of what she might encounter in Afghanistan . But it 's pretty much impossible to know how to prepare for being away from her son , she told me . "  I 'm just like , ` OK , how do I prepare for that ? How do I ? ' " she said . "  I do n't know how to handle that . " WATCH : Saying goodbye to a college-bound daughter She has a friend who has two boys and recently returned from a deployment , and plans to reach out to get an understanding of how she coped with being apart . Still , she continues to have moments where she wonders if she 'll really be able to do this . It was especially hard after some recent family outings to the park and SeaWorld . "  Then it 's like , ` Man , how can I leave this ? ' " she said . A few minutes later , she said , the doubts go away . "  We 're going to do this and we know it 's not going to be that bad and we 'll all be better for it , ' " she said . She and Drew , who has been to Iraq twice , are aware of the dangers , but try not to dwell on them . Instead , they focus on the future , especially their homecoming . "  All I can think about is coming back and seeing him at the airport when I fly back , " she said . "  I keep thinking about how I 'll try to be as polite as possible , but I 'll probably be running people over just to get to him . " And who could blame her ? Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter , and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Frances Johnson and her husband will be deployed to Afghanistan at the same time The Johnsons join the roughly 681 Marine Corps couples who have deployed at the same time since 2011 "  I 've heard that I 'm a bad mom , " said Johnson , referring to some criticism she has received What will get her through her 6 - to 12-month deployment ? Thoughts of her reunion , she said
ZURICH , Switzerland -- FIFA hierarchy have voted to scrap the policy of rotating World Cup finals between the six continental confederations , following a meeting in Switzerland . Vice-president Chung said the rotation would be dropped from 2018 . Executive committee vice-president Chung Mong-joon announced in Zurich on Monday that by a unanimous vote it had been decided to drop the rotation from 2018 . Chung explained that all associations would be free to apply to host future World Cup finals , providing they did not belong to confederations that had staged either of the two previous tournaments . South Africa is set to host the 2010 event , and Brazil is expected to have its bid for 2014 confirmed on Tuesday . FIFA has been under heavy pressure to open the 2018 bidding to allow nations outside North and Central America and the Caribbean to host the tournament . The rotation system meant that after Colombia dropped out of the 2014 race , Brazil was left as the sole candidate -- a situation FIFA president Sepp Blatter wanted to avoid in the future . Blatter said the executive committee rejected a proposal from CONCACAF to restrict the competition to the North America region for the 2018 tournament and then open it up . "  FIFA 's decision does not change our own commitment to try to bring the World Cup back to the United States , " U.S. Soccer president Sunil Gulati said . "  I believe that a U.S. bid will be very competitive . " South Korea and Japan shared the 2002 World Cup and Germany was the host in 2006 . "  If you go back to 2002 , and look at the recent history of rotation ... it 's been Asia , Europe , Africa and with 2014 going to South America , " CONCACAF general secretary Chuck Blazer told The Associated Press . "  I thought in all logic and fairness the next cycle should be CONCACAF . Regrettably , that did not carry the day Blatter indicated there is widespread interest in hosting the 2018 World Cup . "  Already we have a bunch of big , great candidates , " he said . Other nations interested in hosting the 2018 event include England , Russia , Australia , Spain , China , Mexico and a joint bid from the Netherlands , Belgium and Luxembourg . "  I am delighted that FIFA have opened the door for the World Cup to come back to England , " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Monday in a statement . "  By 2018 , it will be 52 years since England hosted the World Cup . The nation which gave football to the world deserves to have the greatest tournament back on these shores . " England 's FIFA vice-president Geoff Thompson said : "  We welcome the decision made by the FIFA executive committee and will now consider our position . " The English FA will discuss the matter at Wednesday 's board meeting . Blatter said the FIFA executive committee would decide on the 2018 hosts in 2011 and that bids would have to be submitted at least two years in advance . "  I think they should start their bidding campaign tomorrow ! " he quipped . The FIFA supremo confirmed that Sebastian Coe , chairman of FIFA 's ethics committee , would play a key role in the 2018 bidding process . "  We try to be fair and transparent and we have had a discussion on this matter with the chairman of our ethics committee and we have invited him and his committee to overlook the bid process , " said Blatter . "  This will be not only looking at the FIFA executive committee -- you should also have a look at the bidders and he will do that . " If there are a large number of candidates for 2018 -- Blatter mentioned 10 or 11 countries -- then FIFA will adopt the Olympic policy of making a ` pre-selection ' to reduce the bidders . FIFA , meanwhile , have announced new rules to clamp down on third-party ownership of players following the Carlos Tevez controversy involving West Ham . The new FIFA regulation states : "  No club shall enter into a contract which enables any other party to that contract , or any third party to acquire the ability to influence in employment and transfer-related matters its independence , its policies or the performance of its teams . "  The FIFA disciplinary committee may impose disciplinary measures on clubs that do not observe the obligations set out in this article . " Tevez joined West Ham from Brazilian side Corinthians , who have since become embroiled in an investigation by Brazilian police . FIFA president Sepp Blatter said : "  Identification of ownership of this club and the transfer of money going from there to England is a matter which has already been dealt with partially . "  We have been presented with a new approach about how to try to solve this problem and it will be ratified to come into force at the end of the year . " E-mail to a friend	FIFA will end its rotation policy for the hosting of World Cup finals Confederations who have not hosted either of the previous two finals can bid England is likely to put forward a bid to stage the 2018 tournament
CNN  -- This month Art of Life goes East . This month Art of Life looks at fashion in China . The Great Wall of China provides the dramatic backdrop for Fendi 's Spring/Summer 2008 collection and the scene for this month 's Art of Life . This multi-million dollar event is a glittering example of how seriously luxury groups like Fendi owner LVMH are taking Chinese consumers and their growing spending power . Fendi reportedly received "  unwavering " support from the People 's Republic . We talk with Bernard Arnault , Chairman and CEO of luxury goods group Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessey  LVMH  , to talk about the future of luxury goods brands in China China Vogue If you want a symbol of how fast the luxury market in China is growing look no further than Vogue China . The world 's fashion bible is known for not entering a market until its consumers have reached a certain level of sophistication . We talk to Chinese Vogue editor-in-chief Angelica Cheung about the magazine 's role in educating women about style , China 's up and coming designers and the luxury brands cashing in on China 's economic boom . Chinese Lifestyle China 's economic boom is drawing Chinese Americans - and their investment dollars - back to the motherland . Business is booming at a level perhaps only seen in Shanghai back in the 1920s , known then as the "  Paris of the Orient " . We talk to one of the pioneering entrepreneurs , Handel Lee , a Chinese American lawyer turned businessman . Monita talks to him about his restoration of the Beijing 's old American legation near Tianamen Square and his determination to bring the best of the west the east . Chinese Culture Outlandish and outspoken Pearl Lam is the self-proclaimed empress of China 's contemporary art scene . Part party-girl , part intellectual aesthete , Pearl introduces us to some of the hottest names in Chinese contemporary art . We meet Shao Fan and Zhang Huan two ground-breaking members of the Chinese literati who are drawing on Chinese tradition and history to explore a rapidly changing modern culture . We find out why Chinese Art is experiencing such a boom in the West and how western perception of Chinese Art differs from the Chinese view . E-mail to a friend	Exclusive footage of Fendi 's fashion show on the Great Wall of China Vogue China Editor-in-Chief , Angelica Cheung on chinese women 's style The entrepreneur spearheading Beijing 's cultural reawakening , Handel Lee China 's self-proclaimed empress of contemporary art , Pearl Lam
CNN  -- After playing college football , working as a financial aid adviser and earning a master 's degree , 25-year-old Andrew Fuller is back in high school . Fuller is a new teacher at Tri-Cities High School in East Point , Georgia . He made the move from Oregon to Georgia to join Teach for America , a non-profit organization that recruits non-traditional teachers to improve education for children in low-income communities . Fuller 's passion for education stems from his own experience growing up . He was in a special education program from kindergarten to his senior year , and he felt stigmatized and overlooked . "  I never knew why . I never knew my disability , " Fuller says . "  I never had an IEP , which is an individualized education program . I never had any of those things . " "  Just being in the classroom and just knowing that I 'd been given up on sometimes , that I 'm not receiving the work , it was heartbreaking , " he says . A gifted athlete , Fuller was accepted to the University of Oregon on a football scholarship . He later transferred and finished his college career playing for the Portland State Vikings . "  At Portland State is where I began a foundation and vision , knowing football is not the only thing that I 'm good at but I 'm also good at being a student , " Fuller says . "  That 's why I began to put in the work as a student , taking that football mentality of working hard every day and lifting weights to the classroom and starting to train my mind . " Having found success off the field , Fuller 's goal shifted from playing in the pros to giving back to children who are like he was . He continued his education at Portland State , earning a master 's degree in special education . Then he applied to Teach for America . "  I felt that I wanted to be involved in the most high-need school but also have the backing of an organization that stood for what I embodied , which was : close the educational achievement gap , " he says . Teach for America began in 1990 after founder Wendy Kopp proposed the idea in her senior thesis at Princeton University as a way to address educational inequality in the United States . The basic concept is to recruit highly successful individuals , often recent college graduates , to commit at least two years to teaching in a low-income community . "  Across the country what we are seeing in our low-income communities , unfortunately , is poverty oftentimes predicts destiny and where kids can go , " says Shyam Kumar , the executive director of Teach for America in Metro Atlanta . He adds that "  attracting the most promising leaders into these classrooms is difficult . " Unlike Fuller , most participants , called corps members , did not study education . Many had never even considered education as a career before joining Teach for America . Rather , the movement looks for "  a substantial set of traits that make them do amazing things in the classrooms and take kids and put them on a path to a much higher life opportunity , " Kumar says . "  Some of those things are achievement ... strong track records of leadership , organizational abilities , and just this relentless drive if you hit a problem you 're going to be able to overcome it . " Once accepted , corps members attend a summer training institute before the school year starts to get them ready for the classroom . Jared Gourrier was an American Studies major at Union College in Schenectady , New York . Now he is in his second year teaching third-graders at Deerwood Academy in Atlanta , and he coaches football at Coan Middle School with two other corps members . "  For me , seeing that reality that a life can pretty much be determined by the third grade , it really made me care and understand so much more , " he says . "  I have this unwavering dedication to it now . " As a first generation college graduate , Mini'imah Shaheed says she "  definitely thought that college meant that you did something else beyond teaching . " "  I had planned to do research and was planning to continue straight on into grad school and earn a Ph.D. , " she says . She applied to the program after a Teach for America alum visited her campus , and she was accepted into the 2001 Atlanta corps . After her stint in the program she moved into administration , and today is in her first year as founding principal at KIPP STRIVE Primary School in Atlanta . "  Ideally , none on my students ever have to experience the achievement gap , based on the work that we do every day , " Shaheed says . "  I 'm still taking with me the mission of ensuring educational equity , but now I get to do it from the earliest grade level possible . " The Teach for America model is not without its critics . In a list attached to a letter to Congress , the National Educators Association wrote , "  Teach for America does not include a sufficiently rigorous teacher preparation program , nor does it yield retention rates that warrant a federal investment in the program , " two points often cited by opponents of the program . Teach for America says that 66 % of its corps members remain in the field of education after their initial commitment , but that does not always mean they stay on as teachers . "  There 's the first half of the movement , which is really getting strong teachers , " Kumar says . "  But there 's a second half , which is continue to keep many of these folks in the classrooms but then also build this leadership force to be principals and superintendents and policymakers . " As for Fuller , he does not intend to remain in the classroom long-term but says his Teach for America experience is still vital to the impact he wants to have in the future . His goal is to become a principal and then a U.S. senator , addressing educational issues through national policy . "  I never want to lead anybody or teach anybody anything I 've never done before , and so I do n't want to be in the classroom or be in a leadership position telling my teachers how to teach , " he says . "  And so being in the classroom will show me what the teachers need . "	Andrew Fuller joined Teach for America to help kids who are like he was The non-profit recruits non-traditional teachers to work in low-income communities Joining TFA has changed many corps members ' career paths Jared Gourrier : "  I have this unwavering dedication to it now "
Beijing  CNN  -- Cui Jian burst onto the music scene in China 26 years ago with his signature number , "  Nothing To My Name . " He was one of the first Chinese musicians to bring rock 'n roll to China during the 1980s as the country began to open up to western influences . He is still making waves today with his fusion of western and Chinese styles . "  The essence of rock n ' roll is energy and personality , " he told his fans who gathered in Beijing this week to commemorate his breakout performance . "  The burst of energy in the artistic creation comes from the suppression of personality . " The invited guests had just watched a special screening of "  Transcendance , " a 3-D video of Cui 's recent concert with the Beijing Philharmonic Orchestra , which will be released later this summer . Organizers gave each guest a piece of red cloth . Some tied it on their arms , others on their foreheads -- a nod to the red blindfold Cui often wore when he sang his politically-charged love song , "  A Piece of Red Cloth . " His supporters were left heady with nostalgia . "  That time , we really had nothing , " recalled Bai Qiang , producer of the 70-minute video . "  We had no fridge , no camera , no cell phone , nothing . But we were full of spirit . Today , we are much better off but we feel have lost something . Something is still missing . " Sometimes amusing , sometimes plaintive but often overtly political , Cui 's songs challenged conventional Chinese ideas and attitudes . Some commentators interpret his songs as allegorical reminders of authoritarian control . The mournful "  Yiwu Suoyou , " or "  Nothing To My Name , " captured the frustrations and idealism of the 1980s generation , as Deng Xiaoping 's policies of economic and cultural liberalization resulted in some foreign culture seeping into China . The character in the love song beseeches his girlfriend to accept him , even though he has nothing to his name . The song struck a chord with many . Yue Zhang was 16 when she first heard Cui 's songs . "  I was in high school , when boys were forbidden to wear long hair or bell bottom pants and girls were forbidden to wear colorful clothes , " she said . "  Nobody heard of Michael Jackson or hard rock . Everybody went crazy when we first heard Cui Jian 's songs . It was a break from tradition . " Over the years , I 've watched Cui Jian -- "  CJ " or "  Lao Cui "  Old Cui  to friends -- perform in concerts , big and small , often belting out songs with a symbolic red band tied over his eyes . I also remember seeing British duo Wham ! in 1985 , one of the the first gigs by a major rock n ' roll group in China . During the performance at Beijing 's Worker 's Stadium , most of the 10,000 people in the audience sat riveted in their chairs , watching with shock and awe as the long-haired rockers pranced on stage singing "  Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go . " Such music , like Cui 's , would have been unthinkable during the Cultural Revolution  1966-76  , when foreign culture was branded as "  spiritual pollution . " "  Rock n ' roll music was not considered serious , " Cui recalled . "  It was for people who drink , meet girls , take drugs and do n't want to work on a schedule . " In his teens , Cui was not destined to become a rock singer . His father was a professional trumpet player and his mother a member of a Korean minority dance troupe . He himself started learning trumpet at age 14 , playing mostly classical pieces . In the early 1980s , however , he began listening to western rock n ' roll on cassette tapes he bought or borrowed from foreign friends . Inspired by Bob Dylan , he learned the guitar , formed a band and started performing in public . During the Tiananmen protests in 1989 , students on hunger strike on the square adopted Yiwu Suoyou  Nothing to my Name  as their anthem . At the height of the protests , Cui even gave an impromptu performance in the square . Two decades later , his loyal fans are still inspired by him . "  We are still yiwu suoyou in our mind , " said Yue Zhang , a white collar worker in Beijing . "  We have money , a house , a car but in terms of spirit we are yiwu suoyou . " Cui is known today as the grandfather of Chinese rock n ' roll . However , many Chinese are not aware of who he is . Observers say this is in part because he has fundamentally refused to compromise his art for commercial or political gain . "  He is a pioneer , " said Charles Xue , a prominent Chinese blogger . "  He has an ideal and he sticks to it . He 's the least corrupted star I know . Everyone else will sell their soul for a few pennies in a hurry . " But Cui , now 51 , has mellowed too , willing to make small compromises . "  In this 3-D film , some lines had to be taken off and some songs were disallowed , " he told his supporters , referring to the hand of the Chinese authorities . "  We have had to remove them to save the whole work . Such compromise is made so we can deliver the other messages . We hope everyone can understand that . " Still , he bats for artistic freedom . "  If by simply telling the truth of people 's sufferings , an act is considered as anti-stability or anti-system , then it 's absolutely wrong . Change is inevitable , so why not make it happen as soon as possible ? " "  It took us almost two years to finish the 3-D film , " said producer Bai Qiang . "  I feel this is what China needs now . I want this film to deliver this message , whether we have changed the world or whether the changed world has changed us . " Christie Wang contributed to this story .	Cui Jian one of the first Chinese musicians to bring rock 'n roll to China during the 1980s Cui 's songs challenged conventional Chinese ideas and attitudes Inspired by western acts such as Bob Dylan on tapes he bought from foreign friends Students adopted song "  Nothing to my Name " as their anthem during Tiananmen protests
Barcelona  CNN  -- The world must act now to prevent a new digital caste system from emerging , Google 's executive chairman Eric Schmidt told the world 's largest mobile phone gathering in Barcelona , Spain . In his keynote address at the Mobile World Congress , Schmidt said for the "  aspiring majority " of five out of seven billion global citizens , "  the web is still a scarce resource . " "  The first future belongs to the early adopters , the lucky few . For this group the future offers only the limits of science and ethics , " he said . "  For most people the digital revolution has not arrived yet . Every revolution begins with a small group of people . Imagine how much better it would be with another five billion people online , " he said . Schmidt predicted that in the next decade there would be many improvements to connectivity ; but there is a limit to the amount of new infrastructure that would be laid by 2020 , he said . "  Smartphones are part of the solution , but having a smartphone is not enough to get you online . " He suggested that isolated communities could share data in peer-to-peer or "  mesh networks , " describing them as a "  digital watering hole . " Anyone with solar equipment can set up a network , he said . "  Even modest amounts of connectivity changes lives . " In this new world it will be easier for people to mobilize against dictators , as the uprisings in the Arab World had shown , he said . Some governments would try to control access to the web and new technology , but he said he believed they were going to fail . "  Citizens will demand a more ethical deal . There will still be elites , but technology is a leveler , and those with nothing will have something . " "  Everyone is blessed with creativity and imagination and the capacity for innovation . In every person there 's an even better company waiting to get out . Let us commit ourselves to building a world where everyone has a chance to be connected , " he said . In his 2010 keynote at the MWC , Schmidt proclaimed Google 's new strategy of "  putting mobile first . " The following year he gave an update on the rise of Android and emphasized the importance of cloud computing to the future of new mobile services .	Google 's Eric Schmidt says web "  still a scarce resource " for majority of world 's citizens Schmidt : "  For most people the digital revolution has not arrived yet " Isolated communities need peer-to-peer data-sharing networks , he says Schmidt : "  Technology is a leveler , and those with nothing will have something "
CNN  -- The Pro Football Hall of Fame is about to get a lot bigger . The hall 's selection committee on Saturday -- meeting in New Orleans , on the eve of Super Bowl XLVII -- selected six former players and one coach to join the ranks of the NFL 's best . They were all bigger than life , literally and figuratively , in their heydays -- from towering , 6-foot-9 inch Baltimore Ravens offensive tackle Jonathan Ogden to the "  Big Tuna , " the moniker given to legendary and well-traveled coach Bill Parcells . "  Surreal . Speechless , " Ogden said , on his Twitter page , moments after the announcement . "  Still ca n't believe it . " The original Raven -- as the team 's first draft pick after it relocated from Cleveland to Baltimore -- literally stands above everyone else in the Class of 2013 , by virtue of his height and 345-pound frame . On the field , the UCLA grad stood out enough to be named All-Pro six times and earn Pro Bowl honors in 11 of his 12 seasons . Another big name , and big personality , who will be joining him is Warren Sapp . The University of Miami product terrorized linemen and quarterbacks while racking up 96.5 sacks over his 13-year career with the Oakland Raiders and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , although some better know him for his brash trash-talking , wide smile and love for the camera , including on the 2008 season of "  Dancing With the Stars . " "  Warren played the game with incredible ability and passion , " Buccaneers co-chairman Bryan Glazer said of the 1999 Defensive Player of the Year and Super Bowl XXXVII champ . "  He ... helped to redefine the tackle position . " Two other defensive stars will be joining Sapp in the Hall of Fame in Canton , Ohio . One is another defensive tackle , Curley Culp , who made six Pro Bowls during his 14 seasons between 1968 and 1981 with the Kansas City Chiefs , Houston Oilers and Detroit Lions . Going farther back in NFL history is linebacker Dave Robinson , who amassed 27 interceptions in his career , much of it with Vince Lombardi 's great Green Bay Packer teams . After narrowly missing out in recent years , wide receiver Cris Carter finally will make the trip to Canton -- just 120 miles from where he first emerged at Ohio State University . In his 16 NFL campaigns , most of them with the Minnesota Vikings , he was consistently among the league 's top wideouts with eight straight seasons with over 1,000 receiving yards and 130 total touchdowns . His selection stirred rejoicing among Vikings ' fans , with team owner Zygi Wilf calling the current ESPN analyst "  one of the most beloved players in franchise history . " "  In terms of catching the football , I have n't seen anybody in my time better than Cris Carter , " former Vikings assistant and Indianapolis Colts head coach Tony Dungy said , according to the Vikings ' official website . Just over five years ago , Larry Allen was a dominating presence with the San Francisco 49ers , with whom he played after 12 seasons with the Dallas Cowboys . Now the mammoth offensive lineman -- measuring in at 6 feet , 3 inches and 325 pounds -- has another honor to his name as a hall of famer , in addition to having been named to the NFL 's All-Decade teams for the 1990s and 2000s . "  Larry is one of the greatest players in Cowboys history , and arguably the very best guard to ever play the game , " said Cowboys owner Jerry Jones , whom Allen has tapped to give his induction speech . Parcells is this year 's other honoree , a man who never played in the NFL though he nonetheless became one of the league 's most recognizable names in the 1980s , 1990s and 2000s . A graduate of Wichita State University , he was drafted in the seventh round by the Detroit Lions but opted for a carer in coaching . He took stints at several universities before jumping to the NFL . Parcells led the New York Giants to two Super Bowl titles , then took the New England Patriots to the title game in January 1997  where they lost  , before finishing up his career with stops with the New York Jets , Cowboys and Miami Dolphins . "  Bill Parcells has been thought of as one of the all-time greats for a long time , so it is with great pride that we can officially refer to him as a Hall of Famer , " said Patriots head coach Bill Belichick , who coached under Parcells with the Giants and Jets before succeeding him in New England . "  He deserves all the recognition he is getting . " The seven inductees were chosen Saturday by the Pro Football Hall of Fame 's selection committee from a list of 17 finalists -- with late longtime Cleveland Browns and Ravens owner Art Modell , Pittsburgh Steelers running back Jerome Bettis and wide receiver Tim Brown among those narrowly missing the cut . The honorees will be enshrined on August 3 , in a ceremony expected to include 130 others who have been so honored over the past 50 years . Already blown away by his name being called , Ogden said he expects the feeling will only get better when he gets to Ohio , according to a story on the Ravens ' official website . "  It will be one of the best moments of my life , " he said .	NEW : Bill Belichick lauds his ex-boss and 2013 inductee Bill Parcells as an "  all-time great " NEW : Cris Carter caught footballs better than "  anybody in my time , " ex-coach Tony Dungy says NEW : Larry Allen is "  arguably the very best guard ... ever , " Cowboys owner Jones says This year 's other inductees are Jonathan Ogden , Warren Sapp , Curley Culp and Dave Robinson
CNN  -- It all comes down to this : 11 years later , the front door was unlocked . When Oscar Gonzalez jumped the White House fence late last month , he should have been just another statistic . A mentally ill man who was doing what a handful of others do every year , get onto the White House lawn and find themselves tackled by guards or brought down by dogs or fired upon by snipers . But this time it was different . The President and first family were n't home , the snipers did n't shoot . It 's still not clear where the dogs were or why there was no Uniformed Division officer at the North Portico door . But the door was unlocked and the reason why can be traced directly back to the beginning of the disintegration of protocols for what the Secret Service once did better than any other agency in the world : protect the principal . Toward the end of the 1990s , there was turmoil in senior management , which saw new Secret Service directors come and go . There were also high-level retirements -- especially Presidential Protective Division agents who had lived through March 30 , 1981 , the assassination attempt on President Reagan . These were men and women who knew what it was to fail . In the wake of that incident , the Secret Service had upped the ante with new plans and a revised agenda , which had included working in closer proximity to the President , increasing the intensity in the levels of protection and paying closer attention to the minutest details . They had also learned to deal better with the presidential staff , who are always looking to break the President loose from his shackles for the sake of the next great photo opportunity . It worked for a while . But shortly after 9/11 -- 11 years ago , in 2003 -- George W. Bush made the colossal mistake of uprooting the Secret Service from its rightful home in the Department of the Treasury , where it had been since 1865 , throwing a proud tradition out the window and dropping it into the hodgepodge mess that was , and still is , the Department of Homeland Security . It was like yanking a great old oak tree up from the roots and shoving it into the ground somewhere else . The great oak slowly began to wither . What was once a quasi-independent agency was treated like just another bureaucracy that had to defend its turf and fight for every nickel against the rest of this new and increasingly dysfunctional family . Morale suffered and so did efficiency . You saw it in 2003 , when the Bush White House staff cooked up the highly dangerous and totally unnecessary publicity stunt of landing the President on an aircraft carrier in a fixed-wing plane . That scheme ran head-first into everything the Secret Service used to stand for . The President and the staff were doing this their way . The Secret Service is charged by Congress with protecting the life of the President ; it is not his choice whether or how he is protected . You saw it again in December 2008 at the Bush press conference in Baghdad , when an Iraqi journalist threw his shoe at the President . Bush ducked . The journalist threw his other shoe . And no agents appear anywhere near the President . In fact , the agent who suddenly showed up next to him does not grab the President and pull him away , he watches other men tackle the journalist . By the time President Obama came along , the lack of proximity and intensity was startling . This goes beyond the phony signer at Nelson Mandela 's funeral , agents with hookers at Cartagena or drunk agents at a hotel in Holland . This is a couple of reality show wannabes getting into the White House for a formal reception , without an invitation . This is the President at the Martin Luther King "  I Have A Dream " remembrance in 2013 , standing alone and exposed in the middle of the Lincoln Memorial , in front of tens of thousands of people , and there is n't an agent within 30 feet of him . This is the President working rope lines , with plenty of agents present , but none of them in very tight proximity , holding onto him , the way they did with Reagan . Nor are the agents intensely working the crowd -- "  May I see your hands , please ... hands ... please show me your hands ... " the way they did with Reagan . This is the President speaking from a stage with 100 people behind him , and no agents right there to grab him if something happens , with no clear exit to get him out of there if something happens , because all those people behind him will panic and run for the same exit . This is a man jumping the White House fence with a knife , and bullets in his car , after having been on the Secret Service 's list of people already interviewed as a possible threat to the President . It 's a man with a gun riding in an elevator with the President at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . This is some crazy taking shots at the White House , and no one reporting it for days . Secret Service director resigns The Secret Service agents who protect this President are the best and brightest . They make unbelievable personal sacrifices to keep the President safe . And like him , they too have been let down . They 've been let down by senior management . And they 've been let down by time , because without a tradition of passing stories on to the next generation , memories fade and "  the way it used to be " is eventually forgotten . It 's time to return the Secret Service to Treasury , where it traditionally has belonged , because at Treasury , there was real oversight . It 's also time to bring into the senior ranks men and women who understand that proximity and intensity and attention to the minutest details truly matters . These must be men and women who understand and appreciate that those who served before them protecting Ronald Reagan set the gold standard , that the gold standard is an absolute minimum , and anything less -- like an unlocked door at the White House -- can all too quickly look like November 22 , 1963 . Opinion : Do we want a fortress White House ?	Jeffrey Robinson : Man who got into White House example of a Secret Service in decline He says Reagan-era protocols that valued close , intense protection for President failing He says Bush 's post-9 / 11 shift of agency from Treasury to HSA opened door to laxity Robinson : Obama repeatedly exposed to danger . Put agency back under Treasury 's oversight
CNN  -- The Syrian regime says it 's ready to accept support from the United States and others working under the U.N. umbrella to fight "  terrorists . " The comments , by Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem , were made Monday as ISIS fighters seized control of a strategically important air base in the country . The war-racked nation has been losing control of the northeastern region to ISIS militants . Moallem , however , warned against any unilateral action or strikes in Syrian territory without permission . "  Any effort to fight terrorism should be done in coordination with Syrian government , " Moallem said . The U.S. military and intelligence communities are gathering intelligence on the locations of ISIS leadership and its troops in Syria , two U.S. officials told CNN on Friday . The information could be used in the coming days if President Barack Obama were to authorize airstrikes against the militants in Syria . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said on Monday , while speaking in general terms , that in order to conduct operations over Syria "  you certainly want to get as much of a view on the ground as you can . You want as much situational awareness as you can . " "  Satellites can provide you good visibility , but you always want closer eyes on target if you can , " Kirby added . Obama has authorized reconnaissance flights over Syria , which could begin at any point , a U.S. official told CNN on Monday . When asked by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer about how much coordination the United States would need to do with Syria to strike ISIS , Kirby said , "  Not getting into the hypothetical operations , there 's no intention to coordinate with Syrian authorities . " Air base seizure The Islamic extremist group , which has taken over large areas of Syria and Iraq , wrested the Al-Tabqa air base from the Syrian military on Sunday , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a UK-based group that monitors the conflict . Syrian state television reported that the Syrian military had evacuated the air base in Raqqa province to regroup and was still carrying out strikes against ISIS fighters in the area . In Iraq , ISIS claimed responsibility on Sunday for three suicide car bombs that killed at least 20 people in the northern city of Kirkuk on Saturday . ISIS said in a statement posted Monday that the bombs were a response to secular Kurdish gangs that joined the war on ISIS and their involvement in the bombing and targeting of Sunni areas . The statement said that two of those who carried out the suicide attacks were German nationals , identified as Abu Yasser al-Almany and Abu Ibrahim al-Almany . When contacted by CNN , the German Foreign Ministry declined comment on the ISIS statement . ISIS , which refers to itself as the Islamic State , is part of the complex web of groups fighting in the long-running Syrian conflict -- a war that the U.N. estimates has killed more than 191,000 people . The spread of ISIS Rebels have been battling the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad since March 2011 , and the civil war has turned the country into a haven for jihadists . ISIS has thrived amid the chaos , gaining global notoriety for its brutal tactics , including the beheading of American journalist James Foley last week . After its break with al Qaeda this year , ISIS has grown in strength and reach . Its dramatic , murderous advance in northern and western Iraq this year provoked U.S. airstrikes aimed at helping Kurdish and Iraqi forces . U.S. and Kurdish officials say ISIS is now under pressure in Iraq . But the extremist group continues to win significant victories in Syria . Planes moved before base fell Al-Tabqa air base is the last major military base in Raqqa province , which borders Turkey , to fall into ISIS ' hands . The group now is now understood to have effective control over the entire province , aside from a few villages in the south . The warplanes from the base had already been taken to other locations before ISIS took control , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . It said ISIS fighters were seen carrying the heads of Syrian regime soldiers . Both sides were reported to have suffered heavy losses in the battle for the base . ISIS controls major cities in Iraq and Syria , as well as oil fields , main roads and border crossings . It also has under its control more military hardware than some national armies after seizing both Iraqi and Syrian military bases and armories . Senior U.S. defense officials said last week that they had n't ruled out extending airstrikes against ISIS into Syria . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama authorizes reconaissance flights over Syria , U.S. official says Syria 's foreign minister says his country is ready to accept support from the U.S. and others But he warns against any unilateral action in Syrian territory without permission Syrian state media reports that regime forces evacuated the base to regroup
InStyle.com  -- Is anyone else besides Michelle Obama leaving the house these days ? Because for the last week , you would have thought that Anne Hathaway , Gwyneth Paltrow and Halle Berry had gone into the Witness Protection Program . First lady Michelle Obama arrives with President Obama in London , England , for the G-20 Summit . During first lady Michelle Obama 's whirlwind visit to Europe this past week , her refreshing take on American style has emerged . It is elegant , smart , appropriate and shows the first lady to be comfortable in her own skin . Coverage surrounding the first lady 's wardrobe in Europe , from cardigans to kitten heels , has been relentless , riveting , fawning and , frankly , missing the objective of her strategically packed suitcase . No doubt about it , Michelle Obama scored big , looking terrific everywhere , delighting everyone -- probably no one more so than Mickey Drexler , CEO of J. Crew . But the post-game commentary sparked by each of her appearances has been hyperbolic when it has n't been comical . See photos of the first lady 's outfits " You would have thought each of the first lady 's "  face offs , " as both American and British tabloids labeled her meetings with Queen Elizabeth II , Britain 's first lady Sarah Brown , and France 's Carla Bruni-Sarkozy , had been deliberately set up as counter-programming to C-SPAN 's coverage of the budget negotiations in Congress . Watch Michelle Obama wow the world " One wire service reporter asked me if Michelle , wearing a two-toned silk dress by Isabel Toledo , should have "  taken a bigger fashion risk " when meeting the 83-year-old British monarch , who was all mumsy in blush pink . It was an afternoon tea , folks , not the Embassy Ball in "  My Fair Lady . " Another wanted to know if I agreed that the first lady 's now-sold-out J. Crew outfit , an embellished cream cardigan and mint-green jacquard skirt , was "  a little too down-market " to meet the prime minister of England 's wife , completely overlooking where the two women were headed after the photo op . Or would a bias-cut silk charmeuse dress have been a wiser choice for visiting a children 's cancer ward ? But the main event was going head-to-head with the former supermodel , pop-star first lady of France , Carla Bruni-Sarkozy . Except both women wound up wearing similar bow-tied coats -- Mrs. Obama 's floral print number by the American designer Thakoon , and her counterpart 's , a dove-gray look by the French house of Dior . Nevertheless , Tina Brown 's TheDailyBeast.com went so far as to immediately declare the up-until-recently overtly scrutinized Mrs. Bruni-Sarkozy "  over . " The citizens of France might argue the point . More importantly , the press has been missing the over-arching point of our new first lady 's wardrobe . Despite the declaration by many of the fashion community 's talking heads that she is this generation 's Jacqueline Kennedy , Michelle Obama 's approach is quite different . True , Michelle 's reception has been equally rapturous . But , Mrs. Kennedy 's transatlantic mission nearly 50 years ago was to show the world that despite America 's image of a country fueled by energy and youth , it was also one of elegance , poise and culture . In addition , whether speaking in English or French , Mrs. Kennedy purposely presented herself and her husband as children of privilege , embracing the aura of Camelot , which had cast them as American royalty . Conversely , what 's most striking about each of Mrs. Obama 's appearances is not the grandiose message , diverse labels or designers ' origins . Rather , it is their unmistakable , uniform accessibility and appropriateness . Michelle Obama looks exactly like what she is : a modern American , working woman . Her outfits appear comfortable instead of buttoned up , her impression is pretty rather than formal , her silhouette based on sportswear -- the form of design that is at the heart of American fashion -- not politics . Add warmth , confidence , and openness and what the world is seeing -- besides someone who knows how to pack for a week -- is a woman they would want to know , to embrace as a neighbor or a friend . Though I 'm still having trouble getting past those kitten heels  note to Michelle : You 'd look so much better in a four-inch pump . Do n't worry , your husband can handle it  , what Michelle Obama has brilliantly accomplished in fairly record time is refashioning the image of Americans as relevant , approachable , relatable , and best of all , likable . When speaking to a group of school children in London , the first lady freely admitted , "  I like getting A 's . I like being smart . " She sure is . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	During her visit to Europe , Michelle Obama shows her own American style Mrs. Obama shows her style to be elegant , smart , and appropriate An outfit from J. Crew that Obama wore has since sold out on the brand 's Web site Michelle Obama looks exactly like what she is : a modern American working woman
CNN  -- Thirty years ago Wednesday , Iranian student revolutionaries climbed over the walls of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and seized dozens of Americans , whom they ultimately held hostage for 444 days . The hostage crisis , coming in the aftermath of Iran 's Islamic revolution , ended diplomatic relations between Washington and Tehran -- a rift that persists to this day . Iran celebrates the embassy takeover as an official holiday , and tens of thousands showed up in Tehran on Wednesday to hear anti-American speeches . The anniversary was also an opportunity to reignite the anti-government protests that were sparked in June , following a disputed presidential election , and thousands of anti-government protesters ignored warnings from Iranian authorities to stay home . One of the leaders of the 1979 hostage-takers says the United States and Iran must not be hostages to history . "  I am not willing to be a hostage of that historical event , " Ebrahim Asgharzadeh said on CNN 's "  Amanpour , " in an interview marking the anniversary . "  Neither Iran nor the United States should be hijacked by that historical event , " he said from Tehran , where he went on to become a reformist lawmaker and was himself jailed by the Islamic regime . He said the two sides need to be aware of the past without being imprisoned by it . "  If they do not pay attention to ... history they will have an unstable future , an impermanent future , " he said . Asgharzadeh said he and his fellow students had been offended that Jimmy Carter , then the U.S. president , had let the deposed Shah of Iran into the United States for medical treatment -- and said the actions of his compatriots had parallels in the United States . "  We felt insulted -- our revolution , our people -- and so there was a rebellion , " he said through a translator . "  A measure was needed to be taken that was effective , that could impact the world public opinion . "  We were not radical students . We were revolutionary students , in the sense that we were defending our country , our people , our nation , " he said . "  What the students did for the first two or three days , it was a student activity . It was meant to protest , something that American students did many times on the streets to protest the Vietnam War . " But John Limbert , a former American hostage , is not convinced by the comparison . "  Whatever they thought they were doing , whether it was a 1970s-style student sit-in , the results of it were very ... different , " he told Christiane Amanpour . And it was not the American hostages who suffered most , he added . "  They brought misery to the Iranian people . What happened to us was difficult . It was frightening . It was -- it was uncomfortable . But it lasted 14 months and was over , " he said . "  We certainly did n't expect it to last that long . They have said they did n't expect -LSB- it -RSB- to last that long . But what they did , in effect , was to create a climate of lawlessness and mob rule -LSB- of which -RSB- they and their compatriots are today the greatest victims , " said Limbert , the author of "  Negotiating with Iran , Wrestling the Ghost of History . " The hostage crisis escalated beyond what any of the participants expected as Iran 's new revolutionary government publicly backed the hostage-takers , Asgharzadeh and former Carter aide Gary Sick agree . "  That way it became actually an act of the Iranian government , rather than a group of students who were acting potentially outside the law , " said Sick , who was Carter 's point man on Iran . "  So basically , the situation got out of hand , in terms of being a student activity , " Asgharzadeh said . "  It became a societal issue backed by the leadership . "  And every day that passed on , things got more complicated . The analysis got more complicated in the White House . They lost their cool . They did n't know what to do . And they faced a challenge by the Iranian revolution and this revolutionary thought . And it reached a point where nobody felt prepared to deal with it , " the former student revolutionary said . "  And so after a while , both America and Iran were looking for a solution , because both their hands were tied at that stage , but the solution needed to be such that no country would be seen as the loser , " he said . That impasse still dominates the wary relationship between Tehran and Washington , Amanpour 's guests said . But it is time to call in the Ghostbusters , Limbert said , referring to the popular movie that came out not long after the Americans were finally released . "  You know , they put the ghosts in the can and put the can away . And somehow ... you 've got to do that , " he said . "  You do n't forget them . You do n't necessarily even ask for an apology . But you look them in the face , you know them for what they are , which is a very ugly and negative act , and then you put them in their proper compartment , " he advised . But Sick , now a Columbia University professor , said the hostage crisis continues to have ramifications in Washington today . "  The hostage crisis was extended probably eight months beyond what it should have been . No matter how you look at it in terms of Iran 's interests or what have you , they simply could n't make up their mind , " he said of the regime in Tehran . "  And it has left the impression that , one , Iran ca n't be trusted ; two , that when they negotiate , they negotiate in bad faith ; and , three , that they are paying only attention to their own internal circumstances and ignoring everybody else . "  That is a legacy that we live with and even people who do n't remember the hostage crisis at all still have that image of Iran that was created in those days that has not gone away , " he said .	One hostage-taker says 1979 embassy takeover was protest by angry students Former hostage says the event "  brought misery to the Iranian people " All sides tell CNN the legacy of the hostage crisis still affects U.S.-Iran relations Amanpour airs at 3 p.m. ET daily on CNN International and 2 p.m. ET Sunday on CNN USA
Turkey is positioned as the geographic , economic and political bridge straddling both Asia and Europe . How Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan performs if he secures a first round victory in Sunday 's Presidential election will determine if this sizable emerging market can restore its luster as an engine for growth and a regional political force . The scrappy former mayor of Istanbul came to power promising a new brand of Islam under the party he co-founded , the Justice and Development Party  AKP  : One that is pro-business and one that in the recent past juggled good relations with both Israel and Iran . Economically speaking , Erdogan has delivered . Turkey enjoyed growth of 6-8 % for the better part of his first decade in power . Gone are the days of hyper-inflation  although the latest reading of 9.3 % in July is not low  -- as well as the multiple zeroes at the end of lira notes -- thanks to the currency stability he introduced The current prime minister became the darling of Fortune 500 companies , which took advantage of the European Union Customs Union offering lower export tariffs , and turned Turkey into a manufacturing hub for Europe . Foreign direct investment surged ten-fold , from just $ 20 billion in 2001 to over $ 200 billion today . 3,300 international companies now call Turkey home according to UNCTAD . But many believe this presidential election will not broaden democracy in Turkey , but only help Erdogan consolidate his grip on power in an effort to burnish his legacy . "  Erdogan 's 12 month strategy is to engineer , de jure or de facto , as much of a transfer of power from the prime minister 's office to the presidential palace as he can , " wrote Professor Henri Barkey of Lehigh University in Pennsylvania . This strategy could dilute the role of the Turkish parliament and allow the president to hand-pick his successor as prime minister . Those who are close to the current President Abdullah Gul tell me the moderate counter-weight to Erdogan will stay out of the political cross-fire and let this experiment to create a presidential system of government play out . But they say a successful transition is not a given . But after suffering through a year of intense protests , a barrage of accusations and investigations linked to corruption at the top of his government and a challenge from afar by former ally , the Pennsylvania based religious leader Fethullah Gulen , Erdogan not only seems undeterred , but more emboldened than ever . He has grand plans in the works : an expansion of the Istanbul airport to rival Dubai as the international transfer hub , a brand new bridge across the Bosphorus , and a 45 kilometer canal that will run parallel to that Strait . In October last year , Erdogan proudly unveiled the Marmaray Link connecting Asia and Europe with an underground train network . This infrastructure , he says , will also help sustain growth . Total GDP today is hovering at nearly $ 850 billion after a three-fold increase in ten years . That is projected to nearly double again by 2020 and Erdogan has set a goal for it to cross $ 2 trillion by 2023 , the centennial of the Turkish Republic . If achieved , Turkey would be in the top ten of global economies . Fabled emerging market author Jim O'Neil , when at investment bank Goldman Sachs , selected Turkey as a "  Next 11 " country -- one of the most promising for the next generation of growth . Whether it can live up to those expectations will depend on prudent financial management , but also on how "  Team Erdogan " conducts relations within the global investment community . He and a few cabinet members have made a reputation for jawboning credit rating agencies when they make moves to downgrade the country 's debt rating . Moody 's was the latest to suffer the wrath of Ankara for treating the country "  unfairly . " It is not unusual for Erdogan to draw comparisons of his leadership to that of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk , the founder of modern Turkey . He wants to secure his place in history . Whether his desire to do so is ultimately good for his country remains the big unknown as Turks go to the polls .	Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan is campaigning to become the country 's president Turkey will chose its first directly elected president on Sunday John Defterios asks if Turkey can restore its luster as an engine for growth and a regional political force
Editor 's note : Marnie Gustavson is Executive Director of PARSA , a Seattle-based nonprofit working with widows , orphans and the disabled in Afghanistan . She spent her teenage years in Kabul , where she now lives with her family . For more information about PARSA , read here and here Marnie Gustavson says the real Afghanistan is more textured than could be seen from secure bunkers . KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- In my Afghanistan , the days are compiled images of Afghans living their simple lives . My Afghanistan is a kaleidoscope of real people , from the stick-thin bearded Paghmani man , an imposing 6-foot-5 , rhythmically lifting rocks , 12 hours a day , seven days a week for $ 4 a day , his shalwar kameez billowing in the hot summer breezes ; to the grin of the boy in his blue shirt as he labors to cut the alfalfa after school to feed the flock of big-bottomed sheep . To the kiss of the old widow , her family gone , whose feet hurt incessantly ; she 's forgotten the English she once knew when she worked for the government . And of course , to the communities my organization works with to help them better their lives through direct education and training programs . A Pashtun orphan , about 11 , enters my office with a plate of freshly picked summer apricots . He was rescued from a madrassa that trained him how to throw grenades and to be a suicide bomber . He spends time with me when he gets a chance , tidying my desk , pulling my papers out of the copier and stacking them . We ca n't speak much as I do not know Pashtun and he has n't yet learned Dari or English , but he tucks his head into the crook of my neck for a couple of minutes watching me type . In these gentle moments , he begins to unwind and I experience the fragile connection that is being created between our worlds . Living and working in Afghanistan for nearly five years now , I do not recognize most of what the international news accounts of this area report as anything remotely close to my experience . A visiting journalist recently observed with some surprise that "  parts of Afghanistan are at war and parts are peaceful . " Indeed , like Ireland and many other sites of civil unrest in the world , there are pockets of peace and pockets of war . The things that concern me most as I go about my day-to-day activities are not suicide bombers , kidnappings , and the "  insurgency . " These are all just a backdrop to the much more textured story that is Afghanistan , though it rarely touches the lives of the 2,500 or so foreign aid workers who live and work in Kabul . Yet these stories of violence dominate the news outside and thus color the way the world imagines Afghanistan . Internationals living in the country are constantly bombarded with "  threat alerts " and rarely visit the desperately poor Afghan communities their projects are ostensibly attempting to help . This is what concerns me : how my country is spending development dollars here without really being here . The results of the fear that dominates the management of most development projects are an incompletely informed group of international professionals working in Afghanistan who can literally spend years here without seeing the country but through the windows of their armored cars . Living as they do under cloistered , fearful conditions behind razor-wired walls , venturing out only to a select list of "  secure " locations , they make often questionable decisions on spending , frequently without the input of Afghan nationals . From this entrenched , isolated position , they are managing hundreds of millions of dollars of international development funds . When news reports talk about Afghanistan 's high levels of corruption , they do not lift the veils to see that the development projects themselves are actually enabling it with security conditions that resemble apartheid . While folks at home are hunkering down , Afghanistan projects are concerned with tripling their monthly "  burn rates " and managing projects remotely -- projects that almost certainly are less than the books indicate , or worse , have been paid for several times over by different organizations . It is time for those controlling the funding investment in this country to listen to their citizens , especially Afghan-Americans and other Americans like me and my family who live and work here . We are the people on the front lines , and connected as we are to the community here , we have much to offer in the way of supporting the success of the donor efforts . The good news is that there are more than a few Americans in this country who have the privilege of experiencing the Afghan people the way I do . But so far , my attempts to connect them with the American mission here as the new administration "  rethinks " the strategy for Afghanistan have been unsuccessful as calls and e-mails to the ambassador have gone unanswered . There is a story of a young American worker for a nongovernmental organization who stopped on the road recently to pull out a van that was stuck in the snow , having veered into the oncoming lane when the sun was going down . In the car were two women , three small children and an elderly man , plus the two men who were attempting to dig out the wheels with sticks . It took less than 10 minutes to pull them out , and they were grateful for the help ... they 'd been there for nearly four hours and many trucks and security vehicles had passed them without offering a helping hand . They thought they would either freeze or be pushed over the brink of the cliff once it darkened . I know that story is true because the young man is my son Reese and I was with him . I propose a simple and very Afghan solution to the Afghanistan dilemma : We need to be good neighbors . Offer help . Be visible . Take some risks to communicate with ordinary people . My young Pashtun orphan , trained to kill , is now growing up in an institution where he mixes with internationals , with the very "  infidels " he was previously conditioned to hate . ... Are these not the ways for us to build bridges into this community ? With shared meals instead of divisive policies ? These are not new thoughts , but they are often unspoken and certainly not practiced in America 's Afghanistan , which is a world divided by sandbags , concrete T-beams and armed guards . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marnie Gustavson .	Marnie Gustavson : Afghanistan is a complex place with pockets of war and peace She says the image of Afghanistan provided in the media is n't complete She says some aid organizations hide behind fences and miss the real story Gustavson : We must build bridges to the young people of Afghanistan
CNN  -- The Tampa Bay Rays and St. Louis Cardinals won wild card berths in the Major League Baseball  MLB  playoffs after dramatic victories Wednesday . Trailing 7-0 to the American League  AL  East champion New York Yankees in St. Petersburg , Florida , the Rays launched an astonishing comeback to win in the 12th-inning . Despite their comeback success , the Rays still needed the Baltimore Orioles to defeat the Boston Red Sox in Maryland to clinch the berth on the regular season 's final night . The O 's obliged by notching a 4-3 win in the bottom of the ninth in a game delayed by rain for an hour and a half . There was similar drama in the National League  NL  , as the Cardinals capitalized on the Atlanta Braves ' 4-3 loss to National League East champion Philadelphia . The Cardinals beat Houston 8-0 to earn the other wild card spot . Major League Baseball introduced the wild card system in 1994 . It rewards the two best-performing second-place teams with a spot in the playoffs -- with one team coming from each league . The Rays ' victory capped a remarkable turnaround , with the Florida-based team having been nine games behind the Red Sox on September 3 . Third baseman Evan Longoria hit the game-winning home run in the 12th-inning , and told the Rays ' website it was like something "  meant for some kind of book . " "  If you could have drawn it up any better , it would be completely fake , " he said . The Cardinals completed an equally impressive comeback , having trailed the Braves by 10 games on August 25 . "  Once we got within hailing distance , the game of baseball is what it is , " Cardinals manager Tony La Russa said on the team 's website . "  We kept doing things that gave us a chance . " "  A winning record against winning clubs . We just kept cranking out extra wins , and it made the thing look better and better . " After Wednesday 's events , the line-up for the 2011 MLB playoffs has now been decided . The Rays ' reward for their heroics is a series against the AL West champion Texas Rangers , while the Yankees will go up against the AL Central-winning Detroit Tigers . In the National League , the Cardinals will take on the Phillies , with the Arizona Diamondbacks and the Milwaukee Brewers meeting in the other National League Division Series . CNN 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report	The Tampa Bay Rays and St. Louis Cardinals have clinched MLB wild card berths The Rays came back from 7-0 down to win in the 12th-inning The Cardinals beat Houston 8-0 to earn their playoff berth Boston Red Sox and Atlanta Braves suffer late-season collapses to miss out
The U.S. government issued rules on Friday for the first time allowing banks to legally provide financial services to state-licensed marijuana businesses . The Justice Department issued a memorandum to prosecutors that closely follows guidance last August largely limiting federal enforcement priorities to eight types of crimes . These include distribution to children , trafficking by cartels and trafficking to states where marijuana is n't legal . If pot businesses are n't violating federal law in the eight specific priorities , then banks can do business with them and "  may not " be prosecuted . The Treasury Department 's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network  FinCEN  issued guidelines that Director Jennifer Shasky Calvery said was intended to signal that "  it is possible to provide financial services " to state-licensed marijuana businesses and still be in compliance with federal anti-money laundering laws . The guidance falls short of the explicit legal authorization that banking industry officials had pushed the to government provide . Opinion : Why D.C. 's push to legalize pot is a good thing But because marijuana remains illegal under federal law , classified alongside heroin as among the most dangerous substances , officials say this is as far as the government can go . Calvery said the government ca n't give any legal guarantees and acknowledged that some financial firms wo n't likely choose to do business with pot businesses . Marijuana has been legalized for recreational and other uses under state laws in Colorado and Washington state . Eighteen other states and the District of Columbia allow marijuana use for medicinal purposes . Attorney General Eric Holder said recently that he was moved to act as "  an attempt to deal with reality that exists in these states . " Speaking at the University of Virginia 's Miller Center last month , Holder said forcing marijuana businesses to be cash businesses , because they ca n't access banks , was a public safety problem . "  Huge amounts of cash , substantial amounts of cash , just kind of lying around with no place for it to appropriately deposited is something that would worry me from just a law enforcement perspective , " he said . FinCEN 's legal guidance creates two new categories for banks to report transactions with marijuana businesses . All transactions will be labeled as "  suspicious " and banks will have to file so-called Suspicious Activity Reports . Those transactions that banks believe are legal marijuana business can be reported to FinCEN as "  marijuana limited " transactions . Those that banks believe may be illegal would be filed as "  marijuana priority " transactions and would generate further scrutiny from regulators . Up in smoke : Obama administration 's pot politics problem Reaction to Friday 's announcement in areas where marijuana is legal , at least in some form , was mixed . Michael Elliott -- executive director of the Marijuana Industry Group , the largest marijuana business association in Colorado -- said members were pleased with the decision . "  While we believe today 's guidance should provide banks some of the assurances they need to begin doing business with the marijuana industry , it does n't solve all the problems , " Elliott said in a statement . Elliott 's group wants Congress to approve pending legislation that would "  provide certainty for banks and allow our industry to operate just like any other business , " he said . Yet Colorado 's governor , John Hickenlooper , noted concerns because "  it appears the language does not provide the clarity that Colorado banks are seeking to provide basic banking services to the emerging marijuana industry . " "  While we understand the federal government is in a difficult position , we also hope it realizes that compelling a new industry to conduct all their transactions in cash is an invitation to corruption and criminal activity , " Hickenlooper said . "  We hope that Congress will act to resolve the risk and liability that Colorado banks are being asked to accept . " And Frank Keating , president and CEO of the American Bankers Association , said the new rules are n't enough to reassure banks . "  While we appreciate the efforts by the Department of Justice and FinCEN , guidance or regulation does n't alter the underlying challenge for banks , " he said . "  As it stands , possession or distribution of marijuana violates federal law , and banks that provide support for those activities face the risk of prosecution and assorted sanctions . "	Governor says new rules do n't provide "  the clarity that Colorado banks are seeking " Justice and Treasury departments issue first rules on providing financial services There are still areas of marijuana transactions that are illegal under federal law Marijuana has been legalized in Colorado and Washington state ; 18 states allow medicinal use
CNN  -- Betty Ford , the widow of late President Gerald Ford and a co-founder of an eponymous addiction center in California , has died at the age of 93 , according to the director of the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library and Museum . Ford died Friday evening with family at her bedside , according to a family member . Elaine Didier , the director of the Grand Rapids , Michigan , museum , confirmed Ford 's death to CNN . No other details were immediately available . The family is expected to release a statement later Friday or Saturday , Didier said . Condolences began pouring in soon after news broke about her death -- including from celebrities who sought treatment at the Betty Ford Center . "  As far as I 'm concerned , Betty Ford saved my life , " Fleetwood Mac singer Stevie Nicks said . Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler , who revealed in his recent autobiography that he was treated at the Betty Ford Center for drug addiction , also praised Ford 's work . "  Betty Ford took a risk at one of the worst times of her life and came forward to share a message of recovery in order to serve others , " Tyler said . "  Her vision , passion and amazing heart led to the Betty Ford Center , the gold standard of treatment facilities . She will be missed , but her work in recovery will live on . " President Barack Obama remembered the former first lady as a "  powerful advocate for women 's health and women 's rights " and someone who "  helped reduce the social stigma surrounding addiction . " His predecessor , George W. Bush , added that "  because of her leadership , many lives were saved . " Some of the many others offering praise and sympathy included Nancy Reagan  calling Ford "  an inspiration "  , and former presidents George H. W. Bush  describing her as a "  wonderful wife and mother , a great friend and a courageous first lady  and Jimmy Carter  saying she was "  a close personal friend " and "  a remarkable political spouse . " Born Elizabeth Anne Bloomer in Chicago , she grew up in Grand Rapids . At the age of 21 , she moved to New York City to work as a dancer and model . She returned to the Midwest two years later . One year after divorcing William Warren after five years of marriage , she wed Gerald Ford -- a former star football player at the University of Michigan , decorated U.S. Navy veteran and budding Republican politician -- in 1948 . That year , the woman now known as Betty Ford campaigned with her new husband on his successful venture to become a U.S. congressman from Michigan . She gave birth to three sons and a daughter over the course of their 58-year marriage . The family moved to Washington , where Gerald Ford served in the Capitol for 25 years before being tapped in 1973 as then-President Richard Nixon 's vice president in place of Spiro T. Agnew . Just over 10 months later , Betty Ford became first lady when her husband was sworn in as the 38th president of the United States . Gerald Ford took office after Nixon resigned in the wake of his pending impeachment following the crisis and cover-up of the break-in at the Democratic National Committee 's headquarters at the Watergate complex in Washington . Betty Ford soon made headlines , holding press conferences and publicly discussing her diagnosis with breast cancer . The first lady talked about abortion , pre-marital sex and equal rights in an interview with CBS ' "  60 Minutes " in 1975 -- the same year Newsweek named her its "  Woman of the Year . " According to the Ford library and museum 's website , her candidness initially drew some criticism , but in a short time , 75 % of Americans approved of her in public opinion polls . But in 1978 , just over one year after leaving the White House after her husband lost his campaign to remain president , Ford made headlines of a different kind . She entered the Long Beach Naval Hospital to seek treatment for alcohol and prescription painkiller abuse . That same year , she published the first of two autobiographies , entitled "  The Times of My Life . " Ford would go on to become a high-profile example of someone who battled substance abuse issues and was a tireless advocate for drug - and alcohol-abuse treatment . "  My addiction was a combination of alcohol and the prescription drugs that ... both were a part of my life , but they did not become a problem until they overrode my common sense , " Ford told CNN 's Larry King in 2003 . "  I did n't know what was happening , I just knew that I felt great and the pain was gone . " Her work paid dividends in October 1982 when , along with Leonard Firestone , she opened the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage , California . To this day , the center remains one of the most well-known and respected places nationwide for treatment of alcoholism and other drug dependencies . Ford also fought to promote awareness and research on breast cancer , with the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer Foundation eventually naming an award in her honor . She earned numerous honors over her life , including a Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1991 and the Congressional Gold Medal eight years later . Gerald Ford died on December 26 , 2006 , at the couple 's home in Rancho Mirage . He was 93 . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Stevie Nicks : "  As far as I 'm concerned , Betty Ford saved my life . " President Obama calls her "  a powerful advocate " for health and women 's rights Betty Ford was surrounded by family members , a relative says The widow of Gerald Ford was an advocate for substance abuse treatment
Milan , Italy  CNN  -- Thousands of Italians took to the streets in some 200 cities across the country Sunday in protest of Prime Minister 's Silvio Berlusconi 's alleged behavior toward women . The largest gathering was in Rome , where organizers said 100,000 people gathered , under the slogan , "  If not now , when ? " In Milan , organizers estimated that 60,000 people gathered . Protests also took place outside Italy , including marches in Tokyo and Geneva . Sunday 's demonstrations were the biggest anti-Berlusconi rallies since the most recent sex scandal broke in January , when Milan prosecutors said they were investigating whether the prime minister abused his power by helping an underaged woman , who he had allegedly paid for sex , get out of jail on a theft charge . Berlusconi has denied that he has ever paid anyone for sex . A string of sex scandals have dogged him . The protests were organized by women 's groups and publicized by internet . The turnout surprised the organizers , who did n't want the demonstrations to be political , though that 's what they became . One woman who came with her family to the Milan rally told CNN that she was "  fed up with the way women are portrayed as objects in the Italian media . The way that young girls are glorified by their looks and youth and then what ? I do n't want my daughter to grow up thinking that that is the only way to be ... that the only thing that matters is to be pretty and show off their legs . ... We are more than that . " In Milan , demonstrators had banners that said , "  Stop the merchandising of women , " and "  Berlusconi enough . You bring us shame . " Many of the speakers at the Milan rally criticized the way Berlusconi 's sex scandal made Italy look , his behavior towards women and his promoting ex-show girls to high government positions . Protesters said leaked evidence from the investigation show he has little respect for female dignity , the state-run ANSA news agency reported . Wiretaps published in the media suggest he surrounded himself at parties at his home with starlets and other women hoping to use their looks to gain positions in politics or at Berlusconi 's Mediaset TV empire , ANSA reported . The investigation began in December , after Berlusconi called police in May , urging them to release Karima El Mahrough , nicknamed Ruby , from jail , where she was being held on theft charges . Prosecutors say the activity took place from February until May 2010 . Both El Mahrough , now 18 , and Berlusconi have denied they ever had sex . El Mahrough said she did not know Berlusconi well but that she did receive 7,000 euros  about $ 9,300  from him the first time they met , on Valentine 's Day 2010 , because a friend told Berlusconi she needed help . The young woman 's former roommate told investigators that El Mahrough confided to her that she did have a sexual relationship with the premier . Berlusconi 's party argued that he believed that Ruby was Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak 's niece and the phone call to the police station on her behalf was done to avoid a possible diplomatic crisis with Egypt . The lower house of Italy 's Parliament voted against allowing Milan prosecutors to search property belonging to Berlusconi as part of the investigation . CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report	Thousands of Italians in some 200 cities rally against the prime minister Berlusconi is accused of paying an underage girl for sex These are the biggest rallies since the scandal broke Berlusconi and the young woman deny they had sex
Accidentally brought your marijuana to the Aspen/Pitkin County Airport ? Do n't worry . Pitkin County Sheriff Joe DiSalvo plans to install amnesty boxes at the airport , possibly as soon as next week , for people traveling out of state . "  We 'll have signs around the airport saying that although marijuana is legal in this state , it may be illegal in your final destination , " DiSalvo told CNN . "  This is an opportunity to dispose of your marijuana with no legal consequences . " But do n't try to fly with that marijuana , not even departing from the pot-happy states of Colorado and Washington . Both states allow adults 21 and older to have up to an ounce of marijuana , but those policies are at odds with federal law . Leave the brownies at home , too -- even in states where it 's legal , it 's not yet clear how marijuana-laced food is evaluated under those limits . The Transportation Security Administration seized 36 ounces of marijuana-laced food in a passenger 's checked luggage at the Aspen airport earlier this month , and the federal agency referred the case to the Pitkin County Sheriff 's Office , DiSalvo confirmed .  The edibles ' amount of THC , the active ingredient in cannabis , was much less than the weight of the food . The sheriff 's office declined to press charges .  The story was first reported in the Aspen Daily News . Colorado 's recreational marijuana stores make history In fact , the TSA has called the sheriff several times over the past six months to report passengers carrying marijuana and related products , DiSalvo said . His office offers to dispose of the product before passengers depart the state . "  Most everybody heeds our warnings , " he said . The larger conflict is between state and federal law . While Colorado and Washington allow some marijuana use , federal law has n't changed . And it 's probably not a good idea to test the TSA or other federal agencies at the nation 's airports . If they find a substance that violates federal law , they can refer possible violations to federal , state or local law enforcement in any state . Still , pot is n't exactly the TSA 's top priority . Denver International Airport bans pot despite Colorado 's new marijuana law "  TSA 's focus is on terrorism and security threats to the aircraft and its passengers , " TSA spokesman Ross Feinstein wrote in a statement . "  TSA 's screening procedures , which are governed by federal law , are focused on security and are designed to detect potential threats to aviation and passengers . As has always been the case , if during the security screening procedures an officer discovers an item that may violate the law , TSA refers the matter to law enforcement . Law enforcement officials will determine whether to initiate a criminal investigation . " It can be hard to sort out the competing state and federal regulations , especially for the dazed and confused passenger . The Colorado Springs airport has already placed amnesty boxes for people to get rid of their marijuana before clearing security or getting on an airplane . The Denver International Airport decided not to play with pot , banning the substance entirely at the airport , a spokeswoman confirmed . Seattle-Tacoma International Airport does n't ban legal amounts of marijuana at the airport . That 's because Washington state law does n't allow facilities to add any additional regulation , airport spokesperson Perry Cooper said . A word of caution to Super Bowl fans from Colorado and Washington : Do n't try to take your marijuana to less pot-friendly states . We know your  possible  cannabis consumption wo n't get in the way of the game , but consider where the Super Bowl is being played . If your pot makes it to your destination , you could be dealing with the Port Authority of New York and police guarding Kennedy and LaGuardia airports in New York and Newark airport in New Jersey . How do you think will they react if your goods are discovered ? "  If they 're possessing contraband in New York or New Jersey , " Port Authority spokesman Joe Pentangelo said , "  the prevailing laws would apply . " Recreational pot sales : Where the grass is much greener	Colorado and Washington state airports are seeing passengers try to depart with pot The TSA has seized marijuana-laced products from checked baggage The Denver airport banned pot on its premises , but other Colorado airports have not The Seattle airport can not ban pot on its premises , according to state law
CNN  -- Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that despite President Bush 's low approval ratings , people will soon "  start to thank this president for what he 's done . " Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says "  there is no greater honor than to serve this country , " "  So we can sit here and talk about the long record , but what I would say to you is that this president has faced tougher circumstances than perhaps at any time since the end of World War II , and he has delivered policies that are going to stand the test of time , " Rice said in an interview that aired on CBS ' "  Sunday Morning . " The secretary of state brushed off reports that suggest the United States ' image is suffering abroad . She praised the administration 's ability to change the conversation in the Middle East . "  This is n't a popularity contest . I 'm sorry , it is n't . What the administration is responsible to do is to make good choices about Americans ' interests and values in the long run -- not for today 's headlines , but for history 's judgment , " she said . "  And I am quite certain that when the final chapters are written and it 's clear that Saddam Hussein 's Iraq is gone in favor of an Iraq that is favorable to the future of the Middle East ; when the history is written of a U.S.-China relationship that is better than it 's ever been ; an India relationship that is deeper and better than it 's ever been ; a relationship with Brazil and other countries of the left of Latin America , better than it 's ever been ... "  When one looks at what we 've been able to do in terms of changing the conversation in the Middle East about democracy and values , this administration will be judged well , and I 'll wait for history 's judgment and not today 's headlines . " Asked by CBS ' Rita Braver why some former diplomats say Americans are disliked around the world , Rice said that 's "  just not true . " "  I know what U.S. policy has achieved . And so I do n't know what diplomats you 're talking to , but look at the record , " she said . Rice said she was n't bothered by criticism about her or the administration 's polices , saying if a person in her business is not being criticized , "  you 're not doing something right . " "  I 'm here to make tough choices , and this president is here to make tough choices , and we have . And yes , I -- there are some things that I would do very differently if I had it to do over again . You do n't have that luxury . You have to make the choices and take the positions that you do at the time , " she said . Asked about historians who say Bush is one of the worst presidents , Rice said those "  are n't very good historians . " "  If you 're making historical judgments before an administration is already out -- even out of office , and if you 're trying to make historical judgments when the nature of the Middle East is still to be determined , and when one can not yet judge the effects of decisions that this President has taken on what the Middle East will become -- I mean , for goodness ' sakes , good historians are still writing books about George Washington . Good historians are certainly still writing books about Harry Truman , " she said . Rice , 54 , said she has enjoyed working in the Bush administration during the last eight years , first as national security adviser , then as secretary of state . "  There is no greater honor than to serve this country , " she said , adding that there is also no greater challenge . Rice said when the new administration takes over , she plans to return to the Hoover Institution at Stanford University and write two books -- one on foreign policy and one about her parents .	Condoleezza Rice says Bush 's policies will "  stand the test of time " Rice says she 's not bothered by criticism ; says she 's "  here to make tough choices " Secretary of state says historians criticizing Bush "  are n't very good historians " Rice says she plans to write a book about foreign policy
CNN  -- Bayern Munich climbed to third place in the Bundesliga on Saturday with a 4-0 victory over Hoffenheim . Luis Van Gaal 's team started brightly and took the lead after two minutes through Germany striker Mario Gomez , who scored his 17th league goal of the season . Gomez 's compatriot Thomas Muller doubled the reigning champions ' advantage with only 15 minutes gone when he fired home from inside the box after a pass from Franck Ribery . Dutch winger Arjen Robben netted a brace in only his fourth game of the season to seal a comprehensive victory . The win sees the 2010 double winners move ahead of Mainz and Hannover who are both in action on Sunday . League-leaders Borussia Dortmund were held to a 1-1 draw away to Kaiserslautern after having defender Neven Subotic sent off . Jurgen Klopp 's team looked to have secured an away victory when Sven Bender put them ahead with nine minutes left , but Subotic picked up his second yellow card four minutes later . With the match entering stoppage time , striker Jan Moravek fired home from the edge of the penalty area to rescue a point for Kaiserlautern . Despite the setback , Dortmund still hold a 10-point lead over second-placed Bayer Leverkusen and are still well-placed to secure their first league championship since 2002 . Leverkusen picked up three points after they earned a 3-0 victory away to Eintracht Frankfurt . German international Simon Rolfes put Leverkusen ahead in the ninth minute when he fired a left-footed shot past Frankfurt goalkeeper Ola Nikolov . Rolfes ' center-midfield partner Renato Augusto made it 2-0 after 32 minutes , before substitute Hanno Balitsch made sure of the win with a third for Jupp Heynckes ' side in the 81st minute . Mid-table Frankfurt have now failed to find the net in their last five Bundesliga outings . Hamburg moved up to seventh position in the table with a 1-0 win over struggling Wolfsburg . A goal from Croatia forward Mladen Petric was enough to defeat Wolfsburg , who recently sacked English coach Steve McLaren . Nuremberg remain in ninth place after a convincing 4-1 defeat at relegation-threatened Stuttgart . Goals from Timmy Simons and Julian Schieber gave Nuremberg a two-goal lead inside 29 minutes , before Patrick Funk reduced Stuttgart 's arrears on the stroke of half time . Jens Hegeler and Mehmet Ekici made sure of victory for Nuremberg in the second half to leave Stuttgart languishing in 17th position . Elsewhere , Jefferson Farfan 's strike was enough to secure a 1-0 success for Schalke over Freiburg and FC St Pauli scored a 3-1 win at home to Borussia Monchengladbach .	Bayern Munich are third in the Bundesliga after a 4-0 win over Hoffenheim League-leaders Borussia Dortmund were held to a 1-1 draw by Kaiserslautern Bayer Leverkusen defeated Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 to go three-points clear in second There were also victories for Nuremberg , Schalke and FC St Pauli
