CNN  King Salman of Saudi Arabia has inherited the throne from his older brother and with it a host of pressing challenges in a turbulent region . To the south , Yemen is in chaos . To the north , the militant group ISIS is wreaking havoc in Iraq and Syria . More broadly , Saudi Arabia remains locked in a regional cold war with Iran . Within the kingdom 's borders , Salman has to decide how to pace sensitive reforms while keeping a lid on extremism . The stakes are high in one of the leading regional powers in the Middle East and a key U.S. ally . "  Saudi Arabia has been critical to preserving some degree of regional stability in the face of a growing Iranian threat , during the rise of Islamic extremism that followed the U.S. invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq , and during the new wave of upheavals that began in the spring of 2011 , " Anthony H. Cordesman , a Middle East expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , wrote in a commentary this month . Here are some of the main challenges Salman now faces : The new king has been plunged straight into the deep end with a fast-developing crisis on Saudi Arabia 's southern border . The pro-Saudi government in Yemen has crumbled amid sectarian unrest . The country 's president and prime minister resigned Thursday night after a move by Shiite Houthi rebels to gain power in the capital in recent days . Sunni majority Saudi Arabia , which provides energy and financial support to Yemen and shares a long border with it , is looking on with growing anxiety , fearful of the prospect of another Shiite-dominated state in the region . "  This will terrify the Saudis , just as the Shia uprising in Bahrain did , " said CNN intelligence and security analyst Bob Baer . "  Saudi Arabia , all these years , has avoided sending troops into Yemen . It 's a quagmire for the Saudis , " said Baer . "  They 've got a reinforced border and they 've put a lot of troops down there . But , still , they are panicking . " Mohammed Albasha , a spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington , told CNN on Wednesday that without Saudi support , "  Yemen will become a failed state . " It 's not far from that already . The poorest country in the region , Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which U.S. officials consider to be the most dangerous branch of the terrorist network , according to CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank . The Yemen crisis feeds into a broader issue for Saudi Arabia : the growing influence of Iran in the region . Yemeni officials have frequently accused Iran of providing financial support and weapons to the Houthis in an effort to control Yemen 's Red Sea coast , on one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes . "  That makes Saudi Arabia very uncomfortable , " said CNN global affairs analyst Bobby Ghosh . "  Saudi Arabia , a Sunni majority country , regards Shia-run Iran as a mortal enemy . Both are facing each other off in a bizarre game of chess they 're playing across the Arab world . " Tensions have simmered between Tehran and Riyadh at least as far back as Iran 's Islamic Revolution in 1979 . The conflict in Syria has been viewed as a proxy conflict between the two , with Iran supporting the regime of President Bashar al-Assad , and Saudi Arabia helping rebel groups . But the rise of the ISIS extremists amid the relentless bloodshed of the Syrian war has complicated the equation . "  There are signs by the Saudis and the Iranians that it is in their interests to de-escalate tensions to confront ISIS , " said Harith Al-Qarawee , a fellow at Harvard 's Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study . "  But it 's impossible to move from hostility to alliance quickly . "  Although the two sides realize that ISIS is a threat to some extent to both of them , they do n't think it is so big a threat as to move that fast to cooperation , " he said in November . The bloodthirsty seizure of large swathes of territory in Syria and Iraq by ISIS has created a major headache in the region for the Saudis . And the attempts of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi to style himself as spiritual leader of Muslims presents a challenge to the Saudi monarchy , which is responsible for Islam 's two holiest cities , Mecca and Medina . "  The Saudis fear it as a potential domestic threat , turning Salafism into a revolutionary political ideology rather than the pro-regime bulwark it has usually been in Saudi Arabia , " says F. Gregory Gause , III , a senior foreign policy fellow at the Brookings Institution in Doha , Qatar . Saudi Arabia is considered to be a key U.S. ally in the fight against ISIS . One of Salman 's sons , Prince Khaled , was reportedly among the pilots who carried out the first airstrikes on ISIS positions in Syria last year . But Salman also has some responsibility for Saudi Arabia 's backing of jihadist fighters in previous conflicts , according to David Andrew Weinberg , a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies . "  Salman played a significant role in the 1980s and 1990s gathering support in the royal family for mujahedeen holy warriors in places like Afghanistan , places like the Balkans , " Weinberg told CNN . "  A number of these Afghan and Balkan veterans have in fact come back to Saudi Arabia and sown continued radicalism . " The Saudi government , though , has denied ever providing support to ISIS , which is a splinter group of al Qaeda . Salman 's predecessor , King Abdullah , is credited with managing to ride out the ructions of the Arab Spring that swept away other Arab rulers . But with a fast growing population in an unstable region , the royal family has no room for complacency . "  Saudi Arabia has faced , and will face , constant challenges in finding the pace of modernization and reform that pushes forward as fast as possible while retaining Saudi popular support , meeting Saudi Arabia 's unique religious and cultural needs , and ensuring that evolution will not turn into either regression or revolution , " said Cordesman . "  As events in other parts of the region since 2011 have shown all too clearly , it is easy to get things terribly wrong and very hard to keep them going right , " he wrote . While some observers have applauded Abdullah 's cautious reforms , others say he moved too slowly . "  If you look at where Saudi Arabia is today , it has n't actually moved that far from when he assumed the throne in 2005 , " Weinberg told CNN . The monarchy needs to allow greater freedoms for women , improve the rights of the Shiite minority , modernize the education system and give greater powers to elected bodies , according to Cordesman . With the recent sharp drop in oil prices , officials will have to chart a careful course for the economy . Saudi Arabia depends heavily on oil revenues to fund its government . "  Above all , the Saudi government needs to ensure that its rapidly growing population will have meaningful jobs and futures , " Cordesman said .	Yemen 's pro-Saudi government has crumbled amid sectarian unrest Saudi Arabia also faces difficulties in its cold war with Iran and the fight against ISIS
CNN  -- As the dust settled over Gaza and Israel on Thursday amid relative calm , analysts were weighing who were the winners and losers from the conflict . How do the main players in the region now stack up ? Israel : The conflict represents a qualified victory for the country and its Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , according to CNN 's Paula Newton . "  Just months before an election , Netanyahu 's government targeted and killed Hamas ' military leader , Ahmed al-Jaabari . Hundreds of airstrikes on Gaza followed , but , the real victory was possibly the combat debut of Iron Dome , the U.S.-funded defense shield that kept dozens of Hamas rockets from hitting Israeli civilians . " The Israeli military itself said the intensity of its airstrikes on Gaza meant it made a significant dent in Hamas ' offensive capability . Over the eight-day conflict , the Israel Defense Forces  IDF  looked to deplete some of the estimated 12,000 rockets it says Hamas has in its arsenal and destroy tunnels that are said to be used to smuggle weapons . But some analysts questioned whether the death of al-Jaabari really would benefit Israel . Elizabeth O'Bagy , from the Washington-based Institute for the Study of War , told CNN she believed it was in fact a mistake . "  It will lead to the proliferation of extremist groups  in Gaza  , less control over rocket attacks and an increase in violence against Israel . " Analysis : Conflict shifts balance of power in the Middle East Al-Jaabari controlled the militias with an iron grip , as Jon Alterman , for the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies , pointed out . "  There were people in Hamas jails for firing rockets at the wrong time and al-Jaabari was one of the guys who put them in jail . Now when someone decides to take a pot-shot , they can take a pot-shot . " The background of the conflict took place in a region greatly changed since the last significant violence of 2008-09 . In the UK 's Daily Telegraph , Richard Spencer wrote that the Arab Spring had changed the situation significantly for Israel : "  Once it could afford to retreat into a default position of using overwhelming force in its own defence . After all , the Arab dictators it faced were equally unflinching -- in their rhetoric , at least , even if their actions often failed to match . "  Now Israel has a political base that is more divided and broad-ranging than ever before , and allies that are profoundly uneasy about its policies . And suddenly its neighbours are more pluralist . Hamas has new democratic allies abroad , in many cases allied to the U.S. -- Egypt , Turkey and Qatar prominent among them . " Israelis also have elections to think about Even before the cease-fire was brokered , CNN 's Nic Robertson observed : "  Where does this leave Israel ? Simply put , while Israel is stronger militarily , it is in a weaker political position than it was in 2009 . "  The long universal of the Arab world is a dislike of the Israeli state 's treatment of Palestinians . In the past most Arab leaders were dictators , able to take a path far different from the views of the Arab street . Not any more . The region 's new post-Arab Spring democratically-elected leaders are only too aware of the radical hardliners waiting for an opportunity . " Hamas : Despite the deaths and destruction in Gaza , the Islamist political movement that rules the territory has emerged emboldened from this conflict and its truce , according to some observers . "  Hamas has emerged stronger , it has consolidated its control over Gaza and it has gained now more legitimacy , " said Aaron David Miller , a Middle East scholar at the Woodrow Wilson Center , told CNN . In the eyes of many Palestinian people , the militant leaders of Gaza took on Israel more boldly than ever before , firing rockets farther than ever before . And they may yet manage to get an easing of the Gaza economic blockade if a more comprehensive deal can be reached . Timeline : Israel-Gaza conflict "  Look what they accomplished ; they , rather than  President Mahmoud  Abbas , has put the Palestinian issue back on the international stage , " says Miller . But with Al-Jaabari once a key figure in uniting rag-tag Hamas militias into organized brigades , counter-intuitively his death could mean more unrest ahead . "  He was an enforcer of peace as well as war , " said Alterman , adding that his death may "  make it not only harder to reach a peace agreement , but it can make it harder to avoid war . " Fatah : Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and his Fatah faction that governs the West Bank have lost much in this conflict , commented CNN 's Newton . "  He was supposed to be the moderate peace broker who could finally forge a new deal with Israel . Now he can not even claim to speak for all Palestinians and has shown that he has no leverage with Hamas , his archrival . " In an op-ed for CNN , Danielle Pletka , vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute , said Hamas was not trying to destroy the state of Israel . "  Rather , it was to gain the upper hand in its endless and fruitless battle against Fatah for the Palestinian political mantle , ideally with the wind of the Arab world 's Islamist revolutions at its back . That wo n't happen either . "  Egypt 's Mohamed Morsy and Turkey 's Recep Tayyip Erdogan are willing to lend rhetorical support and a few visits to Gaza , but they 're never going to do anything substantial for Palestinians because they neither care enough about actual Palestinian people nor wish to queer their pitch with Europe and the United States . " Egypt : President Mohamed Morsy , clearly underestimated , deftly navigated what is a minefield of competing interests , including those of his own country . "  For a civilian president in Egypt perceived as a weak leader , he has , much to everyone 's surprise , delivered , " said Miller . Morsy proved he had the leverage necessary to bring Hamas to the table and get its leadership to agree to a cease-fire . Brokering that deal has given him much needed political capital in both the Arab world and the United States . Under former President Hosni Mubarak , the country 's security forces had suppressed its own Islamists in the Muslim Brotherhood , even jailing Morsy at one point . That gave Morsy and his government influence with Hamas that Mubarak , a product of Egypt 's military establishment , never had , said Fawaz Gerges , a professor of international relations and Middle East analyst at the London School of Economics . "  Hamas listens to Mohamed Morsy , " Gerges told CNN as the talks were still going on . "  Hamas looks up to Egypt now , at this particular stage , and that is why Egypt has emerged as the most important state vis-a-vis Hamas and Gaza . " Egypt 's role in the talks was "  pivotal , " he said . Egypt and Morsy proved ` pivotal ' in Gaza cease-fire talks Iran : The Islamic republic 's nuclear program was one of the unspoken aspects to the conflict , according to world affairs columnist Frida Ghitis . "  Iran and its nuclear program also play a powerful psychological role , as observers and participants ponder the parallels between the latest Israel-Hamas conflict and a possible war in which Iran would stand against the U.S. or Israel , and perhaps other NATO allies . "  Little wonder then that Israel has received strong support from U.S. President Barack Obama -- who has repeatedly stated , "  We are fully supportive of Israel 's right to defend itself from missiles raining on people 's homes " -- as well as from nations including the UK , Germany , Canada , Australia , the Netherlands and others . "  When Israelis see a rocket launched from Gaza , the thought that one day that rocket could carry nuclear materials burns hot in their mind . " But Iran 's hand was arguably weakened after this episode as Israel 's Iron Dome shot hundreds of its missiles out the sky , CNN 's Newton said . While Israel has always accused Iran of smuggling weapons to Hamas through the Egyptian border , Iran today implicitly confirmed it . "  Gaza is under siege , so we can not help them . The Fajr-5 missiles have not been shipped from Iran . Its technology has been transferred  there  and are being produced quickly , " Mohamed Ali Jafari , the head of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard , is quoted as saying by the Iranian news agency ISNA .	Analysts consider who are winners and losers from latest Mideast conflict Conflict represents qualified victory for Israel 's PM Netanyahu , says Paula Newton Hamas has emerged emboldened from conflict and its truce , observers say Egypt 's Morsy has proved he has leverage necessary to bring Hamas to the table
Washington  CNN  -- New rules meant to temper the civilian death toll from unmanned U.S. drones wo n't apply in the fight against terrorists in Iraq and Syria , the White House says . The standards , which Obama spelled out during a high profile address last year , were meant partly to allay concerns many Americans felt toward lethal drones . President Obama said at the time the drone strikes were used with far greater frequency than his predecessor in going after militants -- including in his fight against ISIS . But while officials in Washington insist there are strict standards to prevent civilians from dying in Iraq and Syria , the rules Obama said last year would stem civilian deaths are n't being applied in the new war against ISIS . "  The specific standards at issue in the NDU speech apply only when we take direct action ` outside areas of active hostilities , ' as was noted at the time , " said Caitlin Hayden , the spokeswoman for Obama 's National Security Council , referring to Obama 's address at the National Defense University in the spring of 2013 . "  That descriptionâ $ " outside areas of active hostilitiesâ $ " simply does not fit what we are seeing on the ground in Iraq and Syria right now . " In addition , the strikes in Syria and Iraq are being conducted by manned aircraft in addition to unmanned vehicles , although that distinction might not be apparent from the ground . Related : Did Obama keep his promise on drones ? The White House 's decision to exempt the mission against ISIS from the drone standards was first reported by the investigative journalist Michael Isikoff on Yahoo News . Incidents of civilians being killed by drones have helped fuel resentment for the United States in places like Yemen , Pakistan and Somalia , where al Qaeda cells have sprouted since 2001 . During his widely-anticipated remarks about drones last year , Obama said civilian deaths were a facet of every war . But he vowed to do more to prevent them in his bid to go after jihadist cells . "  For the families of those civilians , no words or legal construct can justify their loss , " he said . "  For me , and those in my chain of command , those deaths will haunt us as long as we live , just as we are haunted by the civilian casualties that have occurred throughout conventional fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq . " In new criteria for drone strikes , the White House insisted there must be "  near certainty that non-combatants will not be injured or killed " before an attack is ordered . Other parameters included ensuring the terrorist target is present and certifying capture is n't a feasible option . McCain : ISIS ' rise like ` watching a train wreck ' While the White House says those strictures do n't apply in the battle against ISIS , they do claim measures are underway to prevent civilians from dying . Speaking to reporters on Tuesday , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby described a process of choosing targets in Iraq and Syria that takes into account the potential for non-ISIS deaths . "  While we continue to hit -LSB- ISIS -RSB- where they are , it does n't mean we can or even that we should hit them everywhere they are at every moment , " Kirby said . "  We must choose . We must discriminate between targets that matter more to us in space and time than others , and between those that run higher risks of collateral damage or civilian casualties . " In the week since airstrikes began in Syria there have been reports of civilian deaths , though U.S. Central Command  CENTCOM  has yet to verify any non-ISIS militants have died in the air campaign . On Sunday night , U.S. military forces targeted to an ISIL-held grain storage facility near Manbij . The facility was being used by ISIL as a logistics hub and vehicle staging facility , according to CENTCOM . A Syrian human rights group said the strikes in Manbij killed at least two workers at the grain silos , and a U.S. official said the military was looking into the possibility civilians were killed . Related : Syrian town fears massacre As Obama noted during his remarks in 2013 , civilian deaths happen during times of war . Military experts say that 's an important fact for Americans to understand , even as the government works to prevent them . "  To suggest that we can do a clean war with near certainty that we wo n't have civilian casualties I think simply is misleading the American people . We have n't done that in the history of warfare and I do n't think that history has changed , " Brigadier General Mark Kimmitt said Tuesday on "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . "	White House says new rules to reduce civilian deaths from drone strikes do n't apply to ISIS battle Officials say U.S. is taking steps to prevent civilian casualties in Iraq and Syria Obama has said that civilian deaths are a part of every war
Rockville , Maryland  CNN  -- If you 've been glued to the Winter Olympics , you might be feeling inspired to get out there and move . Maybe take up curling ? Or hit the slopes ? Well how about stepping onto an ice rink ? Sure , teenagers dominated the figure skating podiums at the Sochi , Olympics , but here in the United States and around the world , a growing number of skaters lacing up to compete are well into their 30s , 40s , 50s , and beyond . At 63 , Rhea Schwartz skates almost everyday . "  Someone dared me to skate when I was 30 , " Schwartz said . "  And I fell in love with it . " After that first group lesson , Schwartz signed up for more classes , and then for semi-private lessons , and then for private lessons . But as the years went by , she felt something was missing . "  I realized there was no program for adult skating , " she said . "  And there were more people who looked like me and not like kids . " Gold for Russia , silver for South Korea 's Yuna Kim , and controversy ensues Schwartz started lobbying the U.S. Figure Skating Association to recognize adult figure skaters in 1990 . It took five years to get the governing body to come around . Schwartz was named chair of the first U.S Adult Figure Skating committee in 1995 . This year marks the 20th anniversary of the U.S Adult Figure Skating Championships ; 600 skaters are expected to compete , including 47-year-old Beth Delano . "  The plan is to qualify , compete , and hopefully win , " said Delano , a three-time national champion . Delano started skating when she was 7 , but stopped when she was 17 to focus on college . She returned to the ice when she was 27 . "  I fell in love with it again , " said Delano . "  Where else can I wear a pretty dress , skate to beautiful music , and be dripping in Swarovski crystals ? This is what I want to do ! " Young skaters dream of Olympic gold , no matter the obstacles This year also marks the 10th anniversary of the International Adult Figure Skating Competition , held each year in Oberstdorf , Germany . "  They come from all over the world , every continent , it is just amazing , " said Schwartz , who now chairs the international competition . Schwartz expects that 500 skaters representing 35 countries will compete . Delano was 38 when she stepped onto the ice and first heard the words : "  Representing the United States of America . " "  That was really a dream come true , " said Delano , who earned silver at the inaugural competition . "  You are never too old to skate , " says Schwartz . Indeed , the oldest competitive adult skater at D.C. 's Washington Figure Skating Club is 75-year-old Barbara Murry . And Schwartz says one woman from Lake Placid , New York , is well loved by many adult skaters . "  She 's  well into her 80s now , who still skates at adult nationals , and is an inspiration , " said Schwartz . "  You just keep doing it , because it 's wonderful , " said Schwartz . "  Not only is adult skating wonderful exercise , but it creates a fabulous community of friends all over the country , and all over the world . "	A growing number of figure skaters compete well into their 30s , 40s , and even 50s "  I fell in love with it again , " Beth Delano says of returning to skating after a decade-long break 2014 marks the 20th anniversary of the U.S Adult Figure Skating Championships
Lech Walesa , the man who led Poland to freedom in its Cold War struggle with the Soviet Bloc , is refusing to apologize for suggesting gay Polish politicians should "  sit behind a wall " in the country 's parliament . The former Polish president and Nobel Peace Prize winner provoked uproar in Poland when he told a television reporter Friday night that as a minority , gays have no right to a prominent position in politics , and should sit perhaps at the rear of parliament of or even "  behind a wall . " He said that gays have little significance as a minority , and therefore have to "  adjust to smaller things . " A devout Catholic and father of eight children , Walesa now says he has nothing to apologize for despite a mountain of criticism heaped upon a man who was once venerated as a champion of Polish liberty . He stressed he did not "  feel homophobic . " "  I will not apologize to anyone , " the former president said in an interview Monday . "  All I said  was  that minorities , which I respect , should not have the right to impose their views on the majority . I think most of Poland is behind me . " Since his comments went nationwide , Walesa has been on the receiving end of furious criticism . "  Why does Lech want me to sit in the back row ? " asked Robert Biedron , a member of parliament from the opposition Palikot Movement and Poland 's first openly gay politician . "  If we accept the rules proposed by Lech Walesa then where would blacks sit ? They are also a minority . And what about the disabled ? " Others have called for called for Walesa to return his Nobel prize , while the Committee for the Defense Against Sects and Violence filed a formal complaint with prosecutors in Walesa 's hometown of Gdansk , accusing him of promoting a "  propaganda of hate against a sexual minority . " Along with damaging his reputation , the controversy could also have a painful effect on Walesa 's career . Long retired from domestic politics , he now earns his money from the international lecture circuit , talking about democracy and the fight against communism . But with his comments on gays making headlines around the world , the Polish press has speculated that invitations to speak may soon dry up . Walesa , the shipyard worker who went on to inspire the Solidarity trade union in Poland , was awarded the Nobel Peace Price in 1983 . He helped form the first non-communist government in the Soviet bloc in 1989 and was later elected president of Poland .	Lech Walesa led Poland out of the Cold War Soviet bloc He served as the country 's president and is a Nobel laureate Walesa suggests that gay members of parliament should sit in the back or "  behind a wall " Despite furious criticism in Poland , he is refusing to apologize .
In a David vs. Goliath battle that pitted the Federal Aviation Administration against the operator of a small model airplane , a federal administrative judge has sided with the aircraft 's pilot . The judge has dismissed a proposed $ 10,000 fine against businessman Raphael Pirker , who used a remotely operated 56-inch foam glider to take aerial video for an advertisement for the University of Virginia Medical Center . The FAA alleged that since Pirker was using the aircraft for profit , he ran afoul of regulations requiring commercial operators of "  Unmanned Aircraft Systems " -- sometimes called UAS or drones -- to obtain FAA authorization . But a judge on Thursday agreed with Pirker that the FAA overreached by applying regulations for aircraft to model aircraft , and said no FAA rule prohibited Pirker 's radio-controlled flight . Thursday 's ruling is believed to be the first to address the issue , but it was not immediately clear whether the FAA would appeal , or what impact it would have on others hoping to use drones for profit . As recently as last week , the FAA had publicized its restrictions on commercial use of drones . In a press release headlined "  Busting Myths about the FAA and Unmanned Aircraft , " it stressed that UAS enthusiasts could not use drones for commercial purposes . "  A commercial flight requires a certified aircraft , a licensed pilot and operating approval . To date , only one operation has met these criteria , using Insitu 's ScanEagle , and authorization was limited to the Arctic , " the FAA 's Busting Myths release said . "  There are no shades of gray in FAA regulations , " the FAA continued . "  Anyone who wants to fly an aircraft-manned or unmanned-in U.S. airspace needs some level of FAA approval . " The FAA could not be reached Thursday night for comment on the Pirker ruling . Pirker 's attorney , Brendan Schulman , called it "  a tremendously significant decision for model aircraft and commercial drone operators . " "  As a general matter , the decision finds that the FAA 's 2007 policy statement banning the commercial use of model aircraft is not enforceable . It would appear to me to have a very significant impact on other operators , " Schulman said . Share your best remote aerial footage on iReport Pirker 's flight occurred Oct. 17 , 2011 , when he remotely piloted a $ 130 RiteWing Zephyr II aircraft at the campus medical center . The FAA investigated , and the following April it proposed a $ 10,000 civil penalty , saying that Pirker operated the plane "  in a careless or reckless manner so as to endanger the life or property of another . " Pirker operated the aircraft within about 50 feet of numerous individuals , about 20 feet of a crowded street , and within approximately 100 feet of an active heliport at UVA , the FAA alleged . One person had to take "  evasive measures " to avoid being struck by the aircraft , the agency said . Pirker appealed the case to the National Transportation Safety Board , where Judge Patrick Geraghty ruled Thursday , dismissing the FAA order . Schulman said Thursday night that his client had not yet learned of the ruling . "  I think he 's still asleep . He lives in Hong Kong and they 're 12 hours off , " Schulman said , adding , "  I 'm sure he 'd be happy about it . "	Raphael Pirker remotely piloted model plane for commercial purposes The FAA said he needed to get authorization beforehand But federal administrative judge sides with pilot , dumps fine
CNN  -- It was rush hour on a Tuesday , and Dorothy Otto was sitting in traffic in her Pontiac Bonneville on the lower level of the Cypress Freeway , in Oakland , California , when the voice on the radio said , "  We 're having an earthquake . " Suddenly , the concrete around her began to ripple . There was a giant crash , and a large , heavy beam dropped on the front of her car , crushing the engine , barely missing her face . The car dropped 20 feet , and when it settled , Otto 's left foot was trapped . The double-decker freeway had collapsed , pinning motorists in their cars . Otto found a pen and decided to write a note to her husband , just in case . "  Jack , earthquake hit while I was under concrete , worst happened , " she wrote . "  It collapsed on car . I 'm alive , just my left foot is stuck under the car . Hope they do n't kill me getting me out . Love you lots , good luck to us both . " Firefighter Lorenzo Frediani was running out of time as he struggled to free Otto 's foot and get her to safety . Each aftershock lowered the upper deck , bringing it closer to crushing Otto and Frediani . Then , Frediani was able to nudge the crushed dashboard just enough . Otto was free . Her section of the Cypress collapsed 20 minutes later . That was October 17 , 1989 . The magnitude 6.9 earthquake , now called Loma Prieta , killed 63 people , 42 of them on the Cypress freeway . The quake caused $ 10 billion in damage , ultimately inspiring California and the rest of the region to re-examine their safety measures for earthquakes . Nearby Oregon sits on a huge fault line that separates two of the Earth 's tectonic plates . One plate lies beneath the Pacific Ocean , off Oregon 's coast , and it is being shoved beneath the North American continent , according to Ian Madin , a geologist and chief scientist at Oregon Department of Geology and Mineral Industries . Are earthquakes on the rise ? The fault line , known as the Cascadia Subduction Zone , could one day cause an even larger quake . "  As the two plates collide , " Madin says , "  the fault gets stuck , eventually slipping when enough stress builds up to produce a great earthquake . " With ultra-accurate GPS , Madin says scientists know that the collision is still going on because they can measure the movement . Oregon actually moves about 1Â 1/2 inches every year , typical for a region near a subduction zone . These megaquakes can cause strong shaking over large areas for several minutes . They can also lead to landslides , tsunamis and widespread liquefaction , turning soil to soup . After the deadly 9.0-magnitude quake and tsunami that struck Japan in March 2011 , Oregon legislators commissioned a study on the impact a comparable quake could have on the state . Madin was one of the authors of the Oregon Resilience Plan , which is aimed at reducing risk and improving recovery for the next Cascadia earthquake and tsunami . Oregon is not prepared for a megaquake , and few areas are , Madin says . He says Japan is the most prepared , "  and look at the results of their megaquake . " The 2011 earthquake and tsunami resulted in more than 15,000 deaths . Before 1974 , there were no specific building requirements in Oregon to make sure structures were built to withstand major quakes , and design codes have only been adequate for the megaquake since 1993 , so many structures are not designed to resist such a large earthquake , Madin says . Earthquake fast facts "  On top of that , we have a lot of mountainous terrain that is highly susceptible to landslides , large areas that are susceptible to liquefaction , and 300 miles of coast that will be inundated by tsunamis that will arrive within 15 to 20 minutes of the earthquake and may locally reach elevations of 100 feet above sea level , " he says . It is these factors that led the Oregon Resilience Plan to conclude that in a worst-case scenario , 10,000 people could be killed , and large areas of Oregon could be without transportation , electricity , water and sewer for several months to several years . The damage could result in $ 30 billion in economic losses . Madin says $ 30 billion is almost certainly an underestimate , and death estimates could also be off . Based on the study of geologic features that record prehistoric earthquakes , scientists generally agree that there have been 42 megaquakes along the Cascadia fault in the last 10,000 years , with the most recent in January 1700 . Using historic data , scientists like Dr. Chris Goldfinger , a marine geologist and professor at Oregon State University , can forecast the probability of another great quake . The Cascadia Subduction Zone is actually made up of different clusters , according to Goldfinger . On the south end of the fault , the data shows that an earthquake with a magnitude between the high sevens and low eights occurs every 250 years . "  We 're 300 years into a 240 year cycle , " says Goldfinger . On the other hand , the north end , with the great population centers , sees a big event closer to every 500 years . But before Oregonians panic , consider Goldfinger 's assessment of the statistics . For the south end of the Cascadia , there is roughly a 35-40 % probability of having a major quake in the next 50 years . On the north end , there is only a 10-15 % probability . Even if there is still plenty of time before the next big quake , much work has to be done to make sure Oregon is ready . "  The most important thing is to strengthen or replace infrastructure to make sure that our lifeline systems like power and water will not be so severely damaged that they require years to repair . We also need to strengthen or replace critical facilities like hospitals , fire and police facilities and schools , " says Madin . Following on the release of the Oregon Resilience Plan , the Oregon Legislature established a task force to come up with specific recommendations for action for the 2015 legislative session . Oregon has already turned a corner because institutions are no longer asking , "  Why should I do anything to prepare " and are now asking , "  How do I pay for the preparation I know I need ? "	25 years ago , a 6.7-magnitude earthquake hit San Francisco Since then , West coast communities have assessed their earthquake readiness A huge fault line runs through Oregon Oregon , like much of the world , is not prepared for a megaquake
La Puente , California  CNN  -- Two of three California students who allege they were hazed and sexually assaulted as an initiation into a high school soccer team spoke this week in graphic detail about the harrowing ordeal they said they survived . "  They picked me up and put the stick up my butt , " a 14-year-old boy , identified only as "  Billy , " told HLN 's Dr. Drew Pinsky on Monday . The attackers were his teammates , the teen said . And the allegations the three alleged victims have made are being investigated by authorities and have shocked many around the Los Angeles-area high school . "  This is deeply disturbing to me and the entire community , " said Barbara Nakaoka , superintendent of Hacienda La Puente Unified School District . "  We do not and will not turn a blind eye to reports of harassment or hazing . " Billy and another boy , 15-year-old "  John , " told Pinsky that the alleged incidents occurred at the end of last school year at La Puente High School . In both cases , "  Billy " and "  John " are not the boys ' real names . CNN agreed to use the assumed names to protect the boys ' identities . Billy said he was cornered in a back room by a group of about 10 boys who asked him "  if I wanted it the easy way or the hard way . And in that moment my heart was , like , pounding , and , like , I kind of like blacked out . " He tried to run . He tried to fight . The attackers were still able to penetrate him with a pole , Billy said . "  I could n't , like , get away from all of them . There was , like , 10 people , " he said . John , another alleged victim , says the coach of the soccer team was aware of the abuse . The coach even winked at him when teammates tried to lure him into the room where the alleged abuse occurred . And when it happened , the coach had to know because his office was very close , John told Pinsky . "  I 'm pretty sure he could hear us screaming and kicking in there . And he 's just right next to it , " John said . The soccer coach is under investigation for possible involvement , said Sgt. Dan Scott , spokesman for the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department 's Special Victims Unit . He said authorities conducted interviews with more than 70 boys at the high school , but noted that the investigation is ongoing . Nakaoka said the coach , whom she declined to identify , has been placed on administrative leave . Attempts by CNN to reach the man listed as the team 's coach for comment were unsuccessful . Sheriff 's officials were notified of the accusations about two weeks ago , following a complaint from the mother of one of the alleged victims . "  We are looking at all sports because the allegations of assault occurred over a few years , and there are multiple allegations , " Scott said . Four people were cited and could face charges , pending a review by the Los Angeles district attorney , Scott said . Three of the four are minors , and one has since turned 18 , he added . He did not identify them . Parents arrived on campus Monday to vent their frustration and demand answers . They displayed signs and banners , calling for school officials to be held accountable if the allegations prove true . Manuel Maldonado , a father , questioned why parents were n't notified earlier about the alleged abuse . "  Where was the supervision ? " he demanded . Brian Claypool , the attorney for the alleged victims , said Monday he has not reviewed any medical records or other potential physical evidence , but insists their stories are credible and consistent . John said he was able to escape , to run away before he got the worst of what his attackers were planning for him . But still the effects linger , and he says he does not want to return to school . "  They 're just making fun of me and everything , " he said . Tennessee fraternity suspended after alcohol enemas incident CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Jaqueline Hurtado and CNN 's Stan Wilson and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	NEW : Two of the alleged victims describe the attacks to HLN 's Dr. Drew A coach has been placed on administrative leave A sheriff 's official says four people were cited and could face charges
Beijing , China  CNN  -- A court in eastern China sentenced a man to death Saturday for attacking 29 kindergarten students and three teachers with a knife , state-run media said . The Taixing Intermediate People 's Court found Xu Yuyuan , 47 , guilty of intentional homicide after a half-day trial , Xinhua news agency said . Xu told the court that his rage against society motivated him in the April 29 attacks , according to Xinhua . But he appealed the death sentence , arguing that the punishment was too severe since no one died in the attacks , Xinhua said . Chinese penal code says a person can be convicted of intentional homicide for acting on an intent to kill , the news agency reported . A police probe found Xu had been unemployed since 2001 , when he was fired by a local insurance company . He told police he carried out the attack because he was angry about a series of business and personal humiliations , Xinhua said . About 300 people attended Saturday 's open trial , according to Xinhua . Xu 's sentence was the second death penalty conviction after a recent spate of school attacks that have prompted public outrage across China . Zheng Minsheng , 42 , was sentenced to death and executed on April 28 for attacking students in front of an elementary school in Fujian province , killing eight and wounding several others . Zheng also used a knife in the attacks , Xinhua reported . Authorities said Zheng carried out the attack because he was frustrated at "  failures in his romantic life , " the news agency said . At least four other such attacks on school children in China have been reported since March . Guns are strictly regulated in China , but until recently large knives were not . Chinese authorities have recently issued a regulation requiring people to register with their national ID cards when they buy knives longer that 15 centimeters . Other measures have been put in place . In April , the Ministry of Education ordered kindergartens , elementary and secondary schools to restrict strangers from entering the campuses . The ministry instructed schools across the country to hire security guards , install security facilities and ensure that pupils were escorted home . Schools were also urged to teach pupils to how to protect themselves . In some schools , security guards have been armed with "  forks , " long poles with semi-circular prongs that can be used to fight assailants .	Xu Yuyuan , 47 , found guilty of intentional homicide over April attack Xu attacked 29 kindergarten students and three teachers with a knife Attack one in a spate of school attacks which have prompted outrage
CNN  -- The Arab League was negotiating an extension of its fact-finding mission in Syria Thursday , with its members due to report over the weekend on what they have witnessed of a months-long government crackdown on protests . Ambassador Adnan Al Khudeir , the Cairo-based head of the monitoring operation , said the league and the Syrian government were negotiating an extension to their mandate , which was scheduled to end Thursday . A senior Arab League official , who could not be named because he was not authorized to speak on the matter , said the monitors would remain in Syria while the issue was discussed -- and that all signs pointed to an extension being agreed to by both sides . A handful of Arab League members will meet Saturday , led by Qatar , before the full 22-state body meets Sunday in Cairo to discuss the monitors ' final findings , the official said . The United Nations is not sending monitors itself but is providing technical training to the Arab League observers , he added . The uprising , driven by calls for President Bashar al-Assad 's resignation , reforms and democratic elections , is in its 10th month . It has prompted a bloody government crackdown that has claimed at least 5,000 lives since it began in March , according to the United Nations . Opposition groups put the death toll at more than 6,000 . The Arab League has called on Damascus to stop violence against civilians , free political detainees , remove tanks and weapons from cities and allow outsiders , including the international news media , to travel freely around Syria . The purpose of its month-long fact-finding mission was to see if the government was adhering to an agreement to end the violence . But opposition activists and human rights monitors say the Syrian government has not stopped its aggressive actions against protesters since the mission began December 26 , and have questioned the mission 's effectiveness . Meanwhile , opposition activist groups continue to report outbreaks of violence elsewhere around the country . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition umbrella group , said 25 people were killed Thursday , including seven in Idlib , six in Hama and four in Homs . Four people were killed in Deir Ezzor and three in the Damascus suburbs , with one more death in Qameshly , the group said . Gunfire was reported in many neighborhoods in Hama , with mourners at a mosque also coming under fire . Some roads out of the city have been closed off , while snipers are positioned on rooftops , the LCC said . In Douma , a suburb of Damascus , the naked body of a young man bearing signs of torture was found in the street , the group said , adding that government security forces took the body and arrested several people . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights earlier said one civilian was killed and seven wounded in Homs Thursday by mortar rounds fired at the neighborhood of Baba Howd . Another four activists , who were in hiding , were shot dead in the Idlib region when security forces ambushed them in a mountain village , the Observatory said . The LCC said 21 people were killed by government troops Wednesday . The Arab League monitors have been greeted ecstatically in some Syrian cities , where residents have recounted tales of government brutality . In the town of Kisweh , which monitors visited Tuesday , one demonstrator spray-painted the letters "  S.O.S. " on a wall . On Sunday , crowds in Zabadani carried the monitors on their shoulders and urged them to stay to prevent reprisals . Syrian activists said Wednesday that opposition forces had wrested control of Zabadani from government troops . They maintained control of the city Thursday , activists said . "  There was massive protests in Zabadani , so the Syrian Army tried to disperse them . But our troops were very organized and aggressive with a counter attack that left them fleeing and they withdrew completely out of the city , " said Lt. Col. Mohamed Hamdo of the Free Syrian Army  FSA  , a group made up of former government soldiers . "  Our forces raised the flag of independence in Zabadani . " Hamdo said , though , that the opposition fighters "  expect another confrontation " as the government forces regroup outside the town . Although a number of journalists have been allowed into the country in recent days to travel with Arab League monitors on their fact-finding mission , CNN can not verify many accounts of what is happening in Syria because the government restricts the activities of journalists . The European Union announced Wednesday it was planning new sanctions against companies and individuals in Syria , as it seeks to put pressure on the al-Assad regime . While Western powers have imposed sanctions on Syria during the 10-month crackdown , opposition by Russia and China has kept the U.N. Security Council from following suit . The al-Assad government says it is fighting armed terrorist groups , which it blames for the violence . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Salma Abdelaziz , Lonzo Cook and Samira Said contributed to this report .	NEW : Opposition activists report 25 deaths across Syria Thursday The monitors will stay in Syria while an extension to their mission is discussed , an official says Arab League member states will meet over the weekend to discuss the mission 's findings Critics say the monitors ' month-long fact-finding mission has done little to protect civilians
CNN  -- Alexis Sanchez sealed Barcelona 's victory in last weekend 's El Clasico with an impudent goal and Friday gave them a hard won victory over Espanyol in the Catalan derby . Sanchez struck in the 68th minute to break the deadlock in the Camp Nou and the 1-0 victory was Barca 's 11th win out of 12 in La Liga . He tapped in from close range after Brazilian star Neymar threaded a ball through the legs of two defenders to find his teammate , who netted his seventh league goal in the last nine games . It was one of few clear cut chances for the reigning champions against obdurate opponents who occasionally offered a threat in attack . The visitors had the best chance of the first half when Victor Sanchez was sent through and his goalward bound effort was only denied by the flailing leg of Victor Valdes in the home goal . Summer signing Neymar nearly opened the scoring midway through the second half when his curling shot went just wide but ever a threat , his assist on the goal proved the crucial moment . By contrast , Lionel Messi had another quiet game by his standards and has now gone four straight without scoring . Even with this comparative drought , Barcelona have forged four points clear of Atletico Madrid , who have a game in hand , and nine in front of Real Madrid , beaten 2-0 last Saturday . All three table toppers enjoyed midweek wins in a hectic period in the Spanish championship , with Atletico and Real looking to close the gap on the leaders in their 12th round matches this weekend . In the Bundesliga , Borussia Dortmund took over at the head of affairs from Bayern Munich after a thumping 6-1 beating of VfB Stuttgart Friday night . Stuttgart had been unbeaten in seven league matches and took the lead through Tunisian defender Karim Haggui . But their joy was to prove short lived as Greek international Sokratis Papastathopoulos drew Dortmund level before Marco Reus 's 22nd minute effort put them ahead . Polish scoring machine Robert Lewandowski hit a second half hat-trick with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang adding the other . It left Juergen Klopp 's men two points clear of champions Bayern , who play at Hoffenheim Saturday . Reigning French Ligue 1 champion Paris Saint Germain stretched their unbeaten run in the league to 23 games with a 4-0 defeat of Lorient . Goals from Lucas , Jeremy Menez and two from Edison Cavani left Laurent Blanc 's men three points clear of Monaco , who play at Lille Sunday .	Barcelona beat Espanyol in Catalan derby Goal from Alexis Sanchez gives Barcelona 1-0 in in Nou Camp Borussia Dortmund thrash VfB Stuttgart 6-1 Go two points clear of Bayern Munich ahead of weekend games
CNN  -- There is no mystery to the popularity of the HBO series "  True Detective . " Solid writing , excellent acting by stars Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson and the greatest of all TV currency these days : positive social buzz . The first season of the series ended Sunday night and was apparently so popular that it crashed the HBO to Go app during the time it was on  full disclosure : HBO is owned by CNN 's parent company  . For those fortunate enough to watch the episode , there was plenty of debate as to whether it was a satisfying ending to a thrilling eight episodes . EW writer Darren Franich noted that "  It was a lot to take in -- an hour that veered more towards philosophy than final-act thrills  although it had plenty of that , as well  . " That publication 's TV critic , Jeff Jensen , wrote , "  Culminating a remarkable first season in fine , moving form , ` True Detective 's ' finale , titled ` Form and Void , ' took us to the heart of darkness at the vortex center of its weird fiction -- as well as the final stage of its meta-commentary on the stories we tell ourselves , about ourselves , for better and worse . " Time 's James Poniewozik found some flaws in the ending even as he said , "  True Detective was an artfully written , remarkably acted , stunningly visualized portrait of Marty and Rust trying to find the path in an overgrown world of decay . " " ` True Detective ' was the closest thing American TV has done in a while to the British model of drama , a story told in one season , from the keyboard of a single writer  and the lens of one director  , " Poniewozik wrote . "  There was nobody to dilute the creator 's perspective , or to call b.s. on it . A more collaborative show , in the typical American model , might have fixed many of its problems . " The Atlantic took the approach of having a "  round table " of writers discuss the season finale . Spencer Kornhaber , Christopher Orr and Amy Sullivan each weighed in with their thoughts on the show 's wrapup . Sullivan said she "  vowed to watch the finale as a fan , not as someone trying to figure it all out . " "  But even as a fan , I still found these dangling threads and implausibilities frustrating because the show practically begged us to get into the weeds , to wade into swampy waters , " Sullivan wrote . "  That 's okay if it winds up giving viewers some extra insight . But it 's another thing entirely if the show is just messing with us . " The show attracted plenty of famous fans also . Mario Lopez tweeted , "  I can now say that True Detective had the best first season of any show I 've ever seen ... " And according to his Twitter account , actor Colin Hanks was scrambling to find somewhere to watch the show in Canada and finally lucked out . "  Major thanks to @sarajeanhughes and @josiahhughes for opening up their home to me so I could watch the True Detective finale , " he tweeted . What did you think of the finale ?	"  True Detective " season one finale aired Sunday EW said it was "  a lot to take in " Actor Colin Hanks was seeking a way to watch while in Canada
CNN  -- Our minds recoil at the thought . How is it possible that a human being could take a knife to the neck of another , an innocent man , and cut off his head ? How could he do this even after perhaps hearing the pleas from his captive 's mother , imploring him to spare her child ? The recent slayings of journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley by ISIS , the self-described Islamic State , are only the latest acts of brutality by an organization that has strived to make ruthlessness one of its most distinctive characteristics . Far from apologizing for its inhumanity , ISIS advertises it proudly , it taunts the world with it , and goes to great lengths to confirm that the acts that horrify us are not the work of rogue members but are , indeed , the organization 's policy . Cruelty is a key component of the ISIS brand . The group has managed to conquer large parts of Syria and Iraq with a systematic and efficient plan . Like everything else it does , broadcasting barbarism is a calculated strategy . But why ? Brutality has psychological , strategic and ideological objectives . That 's why other fighting forces have resorted to cruelty to achieve their objectives . History is replete with examples that we see echoed today . As we avert our eyes from the carnage , from beheadings , mass executions and crucifixions ; as we try to avoid looking at the worst of the online videos , it is apparent that the strategy has the potential to create a huge and powerful backlash . That cruelty is turning much of the world , including Arabs and Muslims , against ISIS . And the atrocities against American and other Western citizens are all but inviting the world 's most powerful armies to take on the Islamist militias . And yet , by showing its fighters massacring the enemy without mercy , by flooding social media with the gruesome images , ISIS sends several messages that its leaders believe bring benefits that outweigh the risks . Long before we heard what happened to James Foley , months before we learned that ISIS had killed hundreds of men , women and children of Iraq 's Yazidi minority , burying some of them alive , the people of the Middle East had become acquainted with the mass executions , the brutal persecution of minorities , the killing of Christians , of Shiites , and of Sunnis or anyone else who posed a challenge , hesitated to follow its religious dictates , or resisted the ISIS advance in Syria and then Iraq . Cruelty communicates fearlessness , and fearlessness , coupled with battlefield success , is an irresistible draw . It 's no wonder ISIS has attracted large numbers of men eager to fight , including hundreds from Europe . They share the goal , as one defector told CNN , of establishing an Islamic state in the Arab world and then taking the campaign to other countries . Beheading the enemy is an effective recruiting appeal to a small but not insignificant segment of the population that is enticed by the brazenness and ideological fervor . To them , mostly young Muslim men , the barbarism resonates with their own brand of hatred and lust for revenge : revenge over real or perceived slights against Muslims . The religious justification for the executions , described by ISIS as part of its jihad -- a war to return the reign of an Islamic caliphate and impose the Quran 's dictates -- gives the killings moral , theological clearance , all but precluding empathy toward non-members . In addition , by advertising its methods , ISIS intimidates the armies it faces , causing some soldiers to flee before battle , even leaving their weapons behind , as we saw when ISIS took over Mosul . The executions of hundreds of enemy soldiers , those who chose to fight , have appeared in videos , a warning to others . And the method also works to keep populations in line after ISIS takes over territory and enforces its rule . The people of Raqqa , the ISIS "  capital " in Syria , have seen men crucified in the streets , a punishment for transgressions that serves as warning to anyone who might plan to defy the new authorities ' rule and their version of Sharia , Islamic law . ISIS is not the first organization to use barbarism as a weapon of war ; to use cruelty as a method of policy enforcement . In the Middle Ages , the Inquisition , an institutionalized effort to root out heresy and strengthen the hold of the Catholic Church and its allies , made it well known that those who did not fully comply with its wishes would suffer unspeakable punishments , from torture to being burned alive . Many militant movements throughout history have managed to erase from their followers an essential element of their humanity -- a part that we think could never be destroyed inside us . We can not imagine deliberately inflicting pain on another , particularly someone who has not harmed us . But it turns out that our restraints against cruelty can be destroyed . History is replete with examples : The millions killed by the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia , as they sought to build a communist utopia . The industrialized killing factories built by Germany during World War II , which had no military value , playing the key role within Nazi ideology of exterminating unwanted people , principally Jews , but also the disabled , homosexuals , Roma  Gypsies  and other "  inferior " peoples . The genocide in Rwanda , in which ethnic hatred unleashed a genocidal wave that left 800,000 dead , most hacked with machetes by their neighbors . Other Jihadi groups operating today have shown no compunction about killing civilians , women and children , about kidnapping girls in Nigeria , about blowing up city markets in Baghdad , buses in London , restaurants , cafes , and hotels in Bali , Jerusalem , or Amman . The common denominator throughout history until today is an ideology that justifies everything for the search of a "  higher " goal , one usually suffused with some utopian vision of a perfect world . It is a world that has no room for anyone who disagrees with those seeking to make it a reality and finds in cruelty a recruiting tool for the cause and a fully justified method in pursuit of ultimate success . Along the way , it turns men who were once presumably normal , even lovable children , into black-hooded executioners capable of taking a knife to the neck of a man kneeling at their feet . And using it .	Frida Ghitis : ISIS celebrates its brutality and taunts the world with it Ghitis : Barbarism is ISIS policy , with strategic and psychological objectives Ghitis : Policy of Nazi Germany , Rwanda , Khmer Rouge , Boko Haram , too Ghitis : ISIS uses cruelty to recruit ; justifies it for the sake of creating a "  utopia "
OPRAH.com  -- Oprah has always said that mothers have the most difficult job on earth , and actress Jenny McCarthy is one mom who has never backed down from a challenge . Doctors removed Monica 's uterus , ovaries , gallbladder and part of her colon , along with her legs and arms . Jenny has been an outspoken advocate for parents of children with autism since her son was diagnosed with the disease two and a half years ago . In her new book , "  Mother Warriors , " Jenny tells the story of other moms fighting for their special-needs kids . So when Oprah heard about Monica , another mom fighting for her children , she thought Jenny would be just the person to get this mother warrior 's story . After going through a painful divorce , Monica met Tony when she least expected it . Monica already had a 9-year-old daughter , but soon after she and Tony got engaged , they were thrilled to be expecting another bundle of joy . In August 2007 , she had a C-section , and though she worried about complications , Monica delivered a healthy baby girl . But hours after Sofia was born , Monica began running a fever . No one was concerned at first -- Monica figured it was just hormones -- but three days later the fever had n't broken , and Monica 's abdomen was swollen and painful . iReport.com : What do you think about this story ? Sound off on video The doctors at Monica 's hospital thought she might be infected with a deadly strain of bacteria . They flew her to a hospital in Boston where she was diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis , also known as flesh-eating bacteria . Defying the odds , Monica survived , but many of her organs did n't . The doctors removed Monica 's uterus , ovaries , gallbladder and part of her colon that same day . Within four weeks , Monica 's infection had restricted the blood flow to her arms and legs . Her nurses cleaned her limbs every day , and she knew they were trying to keep her from seeing the damage . But Monica wanted to face the disease head on . "  I needed to know what I was up against . I did n't want to be shielded anymore , " Monica says . Eventually , doctors told Monica they had to amputate both arms and both legs . The surgery sounded scary , but Monica was determined to put it behind her and get back to her daughters . "  I was frightened at first , but when they told me -LSB- my arms and legs -RSB- had to be amputated , it was : ` Do it . I 've got to go home , ' " Monica says . " -LSB- I thought , -RSB- ' I have a life to live and it 's not here , and until you amputate , I ca n't move forward . ' " After her amputation , Monica spent two months in the hospital , where she underwent a total of 37 surgeries . As Monica grew stronger , Tony realized there was no reason to postpone their wedding any longer -- they got married in the hospital chapel in October , 2007 . Monica spent the next two months going through grueling rehabilitation . "  She 's a fighter , " Tony says . "  If they told her two hours of physical therapy a day , she 'd ask to double it up to four . She wanted to come home as soon as possible . They did n't think she 'd ever walk again , but she made it happen . " Right before Christmas , Monica got what she 'd been waiting for . She was given the okay to go home to her husband and two daughters . A year later , Jenny visited Monica and her family at their home outside Boston , Massachusetts . "  I had a big aha ! moment after spending six hours with her . Monica accepted what is . She looked down and said : ` Okay , this is the situation . I ca n't change this , so I might as well surrender to it , ' " Jenny says . "  When she does that , she is able to move forward in peace . " Oprah.com : Jenny McCarthy answers parenting questions Nurses and doctors say they expected a "  why me ? " breakdown from Monica while she was in the hospital , but it never happened . "  I did have moments of ` If God just left me one arm or one leg , life would be a little bit easier , ' but that 's not the way it went , " Monica says . "  You make do with what you have . I could still love my girls . The bottom line was I am still here . " Monica 's not the only warrior in this family . Jenny calls Tony a daddy warrior because he always stood by Monica and their family . "  I actually considered not marrying him because I was n't the person he agreed to marry , " Monica says . "  But then I realized he loves me . He 's here , and he 's my heart . I 'm still a woman , and I still have a heart and a mind , regardless of whether I have arms or legs . " Tony says that there was never even a moment when he considered leaving Monica . "  She was the same person inside , so nothing had changed , " he says . "  At one point , they went to bring in a preacher to give her last rights , and I turned him away and said : ` No , she 's got a lot to fight for . She 's not going anywhere , she 'll be here for our family . ' And she was . She is . " Monica 's family has been there for her too . When 9-year-old Madalyn found out about the surgeries , she took the news well . "  She 'd been watching ` Dancing with the Stars , ' and Heather Mills was on , " Monica says . "  I told her , ` Well , I wo n't be doing back flips . ' But she was excited and said , ` You can be bionic mom . ' " At Monica 's house , she and Jenny had a mom-to-mom chat about the issues that mother warriors face . "  Within the autism community , one of the things that we , as mothers , miss so much is being able to caress our children , because they do n't want to be touched , " Jenny says . "  Do you experience that ? " Monica says she has similar moments of sadness . "  For a while , I really could n't lift Sofia up , " she says . "  I could hug Madalyn and have her hug me back , so that was good , but I miss being able to braid her hair , paint her fingernails , toenails -- the things that moms and daughters do . " All mothers face frustrations , but Monica 's come with tasks that used to be simple . "  I get frustrated about not being to do everything that I used to do , " she says . "  Everything is different -- things as simple as picking up a pen or signing a paper for Madalyn at school . " Monica has n't let any of these obstacles stop her from living her life to the fullest . She does everything a mom would do , including paying the bills , which can take her up to three hours . "  It 's the ultimate practice in patience , " Jenny says . Oprah.com : Meet more inspirational moms ! "  What good are you to your children if you 're miserable ? What are you teaching them ? That you give up ? That 's not what I want to teach my kids , " Monica says . "  I want my girls to know that their mother 's a fighter . " Monica 's been adjusting to her new life for a little over a year , and she says her strength comes from her support system -- from family and friends to people at the hospital and rehab facility . There are more surgeries to come , she says , but she 's taking it one day at a time . "  I 've come to the realization that things are as they are , and you have to move forward . Life goes on , " she says . "  There 's no sense dwelling on it -- that just hurts too much and you do n't live your life the way you want to . And with a wonderful husband and two great girls , life is fun . " From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show , " "  Actress Jenny McCarthy : Warrior Moms " Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2008 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Monica was diagnosed with deadly , flesh-eating bacteria after C-section Doctors amputated Monica 's limbs , did 37 surgeries "  She 's a fighter , " husband says of Monica 's strength and determination Monica now does everyday things for her two girls no matter how long they take
CNN  -- "  The name 's Bond , Commander Bond . " Words uttered by the world 's most famous secret agent who is adored by his country , feared by the bad guys and trained by Britain 's Royal Navy . I have just spent three years with the Royal Navy and written the "  Royal Navy Way of Leadership " commissioned by the Commander in Chief of the Royal Navy and issued to 15,000 personnel . I spent long spells at sea on all types of vessel ; I followed officer training with the Surface Fleet and with the Royal Marines . Never have I found a more cheerful , consistent and yet flexible and innovative working environment . The Royal Navy is expert at planning , measuring and executing -- the key management disciplines ; it does these things highly professionally as it moves throughout the 140 million square miles of the world 's oceans . Here 's the surprising thing : the Royal Navy runs on "  soft skills "  and never on shouted orders  . These are the qualities of character and culture that are remarkably resilient and , most importantly , instilled in all Royal Navy personnel . They understand the uses of commitment , loyalty , integrity , respect and cheerfulness in ways that the commercial and public sector can only dream of . Read more : Top business brains on success What I learned is that when people gather together to achieve an end  excellence in military operations or in business for example  , what gets things done is those soft skills . And where two groups attempt the same thing , the successful group will be the one whose leaders understand how to use those soft skills in motivating their people and maintaining their effort . The soft skills are pretty easy to identify and pretty hard to learn . They are a form of emotional intelligence . Produce a workplace with the soft skills , and your people will flourish . And remember that half the Royal Navy at any one time might be working in an office  even at sea or on land deployment  , so their workplace is much more like yours or mine than you think . Take cheerfulness . Are you happy at work ? Happy with what you are being told to do , or with what you are asking your people to do ? Happy that your commitment and hard work are being nourished ? Do you work for someone cheerful ? Or are you happy to follow a pessimist ? Read more : Neurotics at work are n't all bad Here is the opportunity . There are over 1.5 million people employed in FTSE 250 companies in the UK ; a further 13.8 million in small and medium-sized enterprises nearly three quarters of a million in London . All contain managers , whose job it is to do things right , and leaders , whose job it is to do the right thing . Improve leadership at work , and you improve the lives of over 15 million people . And in this current uncertain and fast-moving global environment , there is even more need for leadership of the right kind . Doing the right thing means three things : looking after your shareholders , looking after your customers , and looking after your people . And it 's in the latter where leaders fail . They tend to lack the emotional intelligence , the subtlety of character to elicit the best from their people when times get tough . These are not matters for management but for leadership . So here is the take-home -- or better , take-to-work -- advice for leaders . This is military philosophy applied to everyday working life . First , develop soft skills and see how employees who are trusted , valued , respected and treated cheerfully actually begin to flourish and prosper . In a recession , if money is not the first reward , then improving the individual 's relationship with work should be . Your people will achieve more with fewer resources . Second , figure out your ethos or culture -- "  It 's the way we do things around here . " If you achieve this , then customer service becomes a reality rather than a hopeful promise ; innovation is inculcated into the way everyone thinks all the time ; honesty is not a matter of compliance but a matter of fact . Third , be clear in your thinking and you will be more efficient . The Royal Navy works with what the military call Mission Command , which sets out the intent , strategy , resources , contingency and inspiration for any large-scale activity  it actually derives from Nelson 's order of battle set out a month before Trafalgar  . The simplicity is compelling because it works . And it has been tested in all manner of fast , dangerous , uncertain and difficult conditions for hundreds of years . Read more : Army field doctors ' team-building triage How about when things go wrong ? Sir Edmund Hillary , the first man up Everest , used to say that if you were in real trouble in a difficult place you needed an explorer called Ernest Shackleton , because he understood his people , knew how hard it was to lead well , and was prepared to do the right thing . Shackleton never lost a man in the Antarctic , despite being marooned there in 1915 , because he understood his people , got them to make sacrifices for the common good , and earned their love and respect . The love and respect found in Shackleton 's crew really count commercially . A Mercer survey in the U.S. last year found that half of U.S. employees were unhappy at work , and that a third were thinking of leaving their organization ; even worse , 20 % of U.S. workers were disgruntled and yet loath to move on . The declines in productivity from ignoring the soft skills are huge . Conversely , high-performing teams tend to have high levels of employee engagement and satisfaction . They depend on shared culture , goals , and methods ; which is precisely what makes the Royal Navy so good at getting things done . A survey by Aon Hewitt last year found that employee engagement must be over 67 % if a company has any hope of success : the average UK level is 57 %  the lowest since 2008  . The soft skills that create happiness at work are not expensive to develop . Yet we know CEO tenure is short and therefore leadership/business culture -- the vital essence that carries continuity -- is suffering . It takes time to develop something worthwhile . Yet it is a formula understood instinctively by every navy captain , every galley chef , every officer of the watch . How people are at work affects how they work . The culture counts . If businesses can get this right , like the Royal Navy , it will be revolutionary . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew St George .	Royal Navy runs on soft skills more than shouted orders Soft skills are easy to understand but hard to learn Half of Royal Navy may be working in an office at any one time Leaders and managers could learn much from navy 's way of operating
Rabun County , Georgia  CNN  -- One look at the landscape and you know why people come here -- running white water , along a portion of the Appalachian Trail . This is Rabun County , Georgia . It was the residents ' own best-kept secret until the world discovered it by way of a 1972 movie . The movie , "  Deliverance , " made tourist dollars flow into the area , but there was one memorable , horrifying male rape scene that lasted a little more than four minutes , but has lasted 40 years inside the hearts and minds of the people who live here . Locals say the film painted the county 's residents as deviant , uneducated mountain folk . "  We were portrayed as ignorant , backward , scary , deviant , redneck hillbillies , " said Rabun County Commissioner Stanley "  Butch " Darnell . "  That stuck with us through all these years and in fact that was probably furthest from the truth . These people up here are a very caring , lovely people . " This weekend , the film 's 40th anniversary will be celebrated at the Chattooga River Festival . A re-release of the iconic film on Blu-ray by Warner Home Video will play at the local drive-in on Saturday . The film tells the story of four big-city guys who take a drive up to northern Georgia to canoe the white water of the Chattooga River that separates Georgia from South Carolina . It 's remembered for the dueling banjo scene at the beginning of the film , where one man , played by Ronnie Cox , plays a duet with a local teen , who is portrayed as inbred and mentally challenged . "  Dueling banjos , of course , was iconic , but then there 's the rape scene , too , " Cox said . "  And for a lot of people it became a tough pill to swallow . "  Some people , I think they missed the artistic essence of it  the film  , the value of it . " But it 's the rape scene that seems to dominate any conversation about the film . "  You were in the middle of the Bible Belt , the biggest thing we had gong back then is we had square dancing at the Mountain City Playhouse , " said Darnell , the county commissioner . But many people , like Billy Redden , say the local folks should put this behind them . The 40th anniversary means a lot to him . He 's 56 now , but 40 years ago , he was a student who was asked to play the "  Banjo boy " after the film 's producers found him on a visit to his high school . "  I do n't think it should bother them . I think they just need to start realizing that it 's just a movie . It 's not like it 's real , " said Redden , who still lives in Rabun County . But despite any negative stereotypes , the Rabun County Convention and Visitor 's Bureau says more than a quarter-million people flock to the area each year to shoot the same rapids they saw come to life on the big screen . The South : Not all Bubbas and banjos "  It essentially started the white-water rafting industry in the Southeast , " said Larry Mashburn , who owns Southeastern Expeditions , a rafting company . County officials say tourism brings in $ 42 million a year in revenue , which makes for a huge surplus for a county whose operating budget is about $ 17 million . These days , the county has an 80 % high school graduation rate , and its average home price is more than $ 300,000 . "  It 's allowed us to do things with our education system , with all these different services that we offer , we could not have offered , " Darnell said . The area has become a playground for high-end homeowners with lakefront property in the multimillion-dollar range on places like Lake Burton , which has 62 miles of shoreline . "  Once people come to Rabun County , they do n't want to leave , " said Debra Butler , a real estate agent . "  This is a lifestyle that you have here . It 's a way of life . ` Deliverance ' depicts a backwoods , inbred kind of community . That is not Rabun County . " Indeed , downtown shops and art galleries convey an image far from anything portrayed in the 1972 film . Jeanne Kronsoble 's Main Street Gallery in Clayton shows off a wide range of contemporary folk artists , many self-taught . She 's been open for 28 years . "  I became interested in contemporary folk art because of the things I 'd seen up here , " she said . "  When people build houses and they come here , they need art on their walls . " Most believe "  Deliverance " got it all started . But despite this prosperity , the 40-year pain has managed to hang on , because so many people saw a fictional film . "  There are lots of people in Rabun County that would be just as happy if they never heard the word , ` Deliverance ' again , " Darnell said .	The 1972 movie "  Deliverance " was shot in Rabun County , Georgia The film spurred hard-to-shake stereotypes of "  ignorant " and "  deviant " mountain dwellers "  Deliverance " also generated huge tourism dollars for the northwest Georgia county Real estate agent : "  Once people come to Rabun County , they do n't want to leave "
Mumbai  CNN  -- When I first heard that a nine-year-old boy had been found tied to a bus stop in Mumbai , I was surprised . He ca n't have been , I thought . In Mumbai ? When I found out where the bus stop in question was , I was even more surprised . I pass by that area often . I 'd never seen a young boy chained to a pole . Had I passed by and just not noticed ? Like me , thousands of Mumbaikars did n't see Lakhan Kale , who suffers from cerebral palsy , on the pavement . According to the last census conducted in 2011 , around 26.8 million people are in living with disabilities in India . That 's 2.2 % of the population of more than 1.2 billion . Other bodies , including the World Bank , say the figure is much higher . However , many of disabled people , like Lakhan , are allowed to quietly fade into the background in a populous country wracked by poverty where the worth and survival of many depends on their ability to work . Let me tell you Lakhan 's story . Life on the pavement In addition to cerebral palsy , the general term for a group of neurological conditions that affect the body 's movement and coordination , Lakhan is deaf and mute . "  He was fine when he was born , in fact he was a chubby baby , " his paternal grandmother Sakubai recalls . She says a few months later , Lakhan developed a high fever . "  One night , he shook violently , " she says . "  He was never the same again . " Sakubai tears up when she talks to us about her grandson . We meet her at her home -- a grimy stretch of pavement , right behind the bus stop . Desperately poor , this is where she lives . She sleeps here on a sari she spreads onto the ground . She eats here , buying food from a street vendor when she can afford to . She is Lakhan 's only caretaker . She tells us his father passed away four years ago . His mother deserted them . His older sister ran away . For a long time , it was just Sakubai and her grandson living , eating , sleeping and surviving together on the pavement . She may be in her 70s , but Sakubai still works to earn a meager living selling small toys and trinkets on Chowpatty , a popular beachfront in the heart of Mumbai . She says she had no choice but to tie him to a pole . "  He is deaf so he would not be able to hear traffic coming . If he ran onto the road , he 'd get killed , " she says . "  See , it 's a long rope , " Sakubai says , as she shows me the frayed cloth she would use to tie Lakhan 's leg . I notice many of them , tied to different poles . Lakhan is not alone There are many children like Lakhan in Mumbai , says Meena Mutha , a social worker . Mutha 's been involved with his case since the end of May . Lakhan was taken into care after a photographer published his photo in the local newspaper . A police constable saw it and asked Mutha to intervene . "  When I saw him first , I did feel he needs help . He needs a home , " Mutha recalls . Since his grandmother is already 70 years old , he could be without a caretaker in five or 10 years , she says . He needed somewhere secure to stay . Unable to find a shelter that looks after children with special needs , Mutha took him to a government-run juvenile center in Mumbai . Lakhan is there now but Mutha is n't happy because it 's not a home for children with special needs . And that 's the problem , Mutha says . There 's a serious shortage of residential facilities for children with disabilities in Mumbai . The superintendent of the facility , S. A. Jadhav says Lakhan is being well looked after but he too is trying to find him a more suitable home . According to Jadhav , there is only one shelter for children with special needs in Mumbai and he ca n't get Lakhan a spot there because that too is severely overcrowded . CNN attempted several times to contact the minister responsible for women and children 's affairs in Mumbai , Varsha Gaikwad , but received no response . Her office is a short walk away from bus stop 59 where Lakhan was found . Poverty and disability are dangerous combinations , says Dr. Shabnam Rangwala , who works with Able Disable People Together  ADAPT  , a nonprofit organization whose mission is to create an inclusive disability-friendly India . Those who can afford to give their children or family members the care they need , do so . Those who ca n't , end up like Lakhan ; on the streets , with no recourse to social services , invisible to the public . For more information on how to directly help Lakhan , and people like him , go to manavfoundation.org.in .	Deaf and mute , nine-year-old Lakhan Kale was being cared for by his grandmother She tied him to a pole while she went to work selling trinkets on a Mumbai beachfront He now lives in a juvenile center but it 's not a home for children with special needs Mumbai 's suffering a severe shortage of care homes for children with disabilities
CNN  -- Omar Suleiman , whom former President Hosni Mubarak had appointed vice president shortly before his exit , announced Friday that he plans to enter the race to become Egypt 's next president . The former head of Egyptian intelligence recently said he did not plan to seek the presidency in the first election for the post since the revolution that led to Mubarak 's exit . But on Friday , as his supporters took to the streets urging him to run , Suleiman did an about-face and said he will now "  participate in the nominations , regardless of my previous statement about the difficulties and challenges . " "  I promise you , my brothers and sisters , to complete the goals of the revolution and provide security and stability to the Egyptian people , " he said in a written statement . Thousands of his backers gathered Friday in Cairo 's Abbasiya Square , where unknown assailants drove by and fired into the crowd , his campaign said . Shortly after reporting the attack , the state-run MENA news agency said 15 people were "  injured in clashes between Suleiman supporters  and  thugs . " Suleiman is no stranger to the Egyptian government , and has been closely tied to Mubarak -- the man whose resignation , under intense pressure , spurred the political upheaval that led to , among other things , this election . Leading opposition figure Mohamed ElBaradei has said that Suleiman and Mubarak are "  twins . " "  His loyalty to Mubarak seems rock solid , " a former U.S. ambassador wrote in 2007 in a classified U.S. diplomatic cable leaked to the website WikiLeaks . And he could become Egypt 's first president since Mubarak -- assuming he can collect 30,000 valid signatures by this weekend and beat out what is already a crowded field of candidates . More than 450 people have entered the race -- including Muslim Brotherhood candidate Khairat al-Shater ; former Egyptian Foreign Minister and Arab League Secretary-General Amre Moussa ; and Ayman Nour , an opposition leader jailed by Mubarak who was recently pardoned . The official three-week campaigning period starts April 30 . No candidate can spend more than 10 million Egyptian pounds  $ 1.65 million  ahead of the election , which starts May 23 . Suleiman is well-respected by the military , whose leaders have ostensibly ruled Egypt during these months of political transition , and has been credited with crushing an Islamic insurgency in the 1990s . Last year , then-U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Suleiman "  is someone that we know well and have worked closely with . " Mubarak named him Egypt 's vice president in late January 2011 , the first time anyone had held such a position since Mubarak came to power in 1981 . Less than two weeks later , Suleiman said that Mubarak had resigned and the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces would "  run the affairs of the country " -- ending his extensive government career , at least for the time being . Born in an impoverished area of southern Egypt in 1935 , Suleiman chose the military as a career and rose to the rank of lieutenant general , according to a Foreign Policy magazine biography . He trained in both the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War . He became head of the Egyptian General Intelligence Organization in 1993 , at a time when the Arab world 's most populous nation was wracked by terrorist attacks targeting tourists and essential infrastructure . Defense and security analysis company IHS Jane 's said that Suleiman 's ascension was helped by his interactions with the Israeli Mossad as well as the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency . Author Ron Suskind , whose 2006 book "  The One Percent Doctrine " focused on the post-9 / 11 counterterrorism policies of U.S. President George W. Bush 's administration , said that Suleiman wielded significant power , and flexed his muscles , behind the scenes . "  If someone knocks on your door and you disappear , Omar Suleiman is probably behind it , " Suskind told CNN last year . "  He is a feared man , and certainly not a man with any legitimacy when it comes to rule of law or any of the principles we prize in America . " Alaa Awad , a senior member of the Muslim Brotherhood , said it is conceivable that Suleiman "  was taking orders from Mubarak and ... that his experience as an intelligence official may come in handy by uplifting Egypt 's security . " But he added that "  any revolutionary logic can not accept that a vice president appointed by Mubarak becomes the nation 's next president . " "  The fact remains that he was from Mubarak 's inner circle , so it 's not acceptable under any circumstances , " Awad said . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's not acceptable " a Mubarak insider is president , a Muslim Brotherhood figure says NEW : 15 are hurt in an "  attack " on a pro-Suleiman crowd , state news reports Omar Suleiman says he 'll run for president of Egypt , reversing an earlier decision He served as intelligence chief and vice president under President Hosni Mubarak
CNN  -- He was a 20-year-old male model . His lover was a 65-year-old man who was a television journalist . They were from Portugal , visiting New York City . The older partner broke off the relationship and ended up mutilated and dead . Now , almost two years later , a New York judge has sentenced model Renato Seabra to 25 years to life in prison -- the maximum sentence -- for the grisly second-degree murder of Carlos Antonio De Castro in their InterContinental Hotel room in Times Square . "  This was a brutal and sadistic crime , where Renato Seabra bludgeoned , choked , and mutilated his victim before murdering him , " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said following the jury 's guilty verdict this month . "  But the jury 's verdict now , finally , holds Seabra accountable . It is particularly tragic that Carlos Castro was not only ... betrayed by his spurned lover , but met a very painful and violent end far from his home , " Vance said . Castro was found bludgeoned and castrated in the hotel room in January 2011 , a law enforcement source told CNN at the time . Seabra , now 23 , attacked Castro because he was angry that Castro had ended their relationship , prosecutors said . Court document : Model confessed to choking and castrating victim Following the prolonged attack , Seabra showered , took about $ 1,600 from Castro 's wallet , and hung a "  Do Not Disturb " sign on the door , prosecutors said . On his way out of the hotel , Seabra bumped into a friend of Castro 's in the lobby , who later testified that Seabra said Castro "  wo n't be leaving the room , " prosecutors said . Castro 's body was found shortly after an acquaintance appeared at the hotel asking to see him , saying she had been in contact with him earlier in the day , but was unable to reach him for some time , officials said . A hotel employee found Castro 's unclothed body on the room floor on January 7 , 2011 , and the cause of death was later determined to be blunt injuries to the head and neck compression , prosecutors said . Seabra was taken into custody after he was spotted leaving a New York hospital where he received treatment for lacerations to his wrists , authorities said . He underwent a psychiatric evaluation at Bellevue , the source said at the time . The day after the murder , Seabra confessed to the crime at Bellevue Hospital , prosecutors said . Previously on CNN.com : Model indicted in killing of Portuguese journalist A television journalist , Castro had also been a recent gossip columnist for the Portuguese newspaper Correio da Manha . Seabra was a recent finalist on a Portuguese model-search television show called "  A Procura de um Sonho . " The two men departed from Portugal on December 29 , 2010 , prosecutors said .	Male model Renato Seabra killed , mutilated Carlos Antonio De Castro , jury finds Both men were from Portugal visiting New York City in late 2010 , early 2011 Castro , 65 , a TV journalist , broke off the relationship with Seabra , then 20 Castro was found bludgeoned and castrated on the floor of their hotel room
CNN  -- Sony said the Internet security breach targeting its networks was more extensive than originally thought . Hackers also gained access to databases containing subscriber information for Sony Online Entertainment , a San Diego subsidiary that makes online multiplayer games for computers and the PlayStation 3 . The Sony division took its Web services offline Monday . That shutdown came 12 days after Sony Computer Entertainment disconnected the PlayStation console game network and Sony Network Entertainment shut down Qriocity media streaming services . Sony said last week that it expected to start restoring some services this week , but they remain offline . Sony disclosed the first breach on April 22 , and then on April 27 , the company announced that personal info and perhaps credit card numbers had been stolen for as many as 77 million accounts . With the PC game network also compromised , Sony adds 24.6 million accounts to the pot . Some popular games maintained by Sony 's online division include "  EverQuest , " "  DC Universe Online " and "  Free Realms . " This additional network was targeted on April 16 and April 17 , the same days the other networks were hacked . While the infrastructures are separate , "  There 's a degree of architecture that overlaps " among Sony 's many networks , said Michele Sturdivant , a spokeswoman for Sony Online Entertainment . "  Initially , we believed that data was not stolen , " she said , but then the company uncovered evidence to the contrary during its ongoing investigation . "  They used very sophisticated means to access the data , and they used sophisticated means to cover their tracks . " The information hackers took from Sony Online Entertainment 's system included users ' names , home addresses , e-mail addresses , phone numbers , login names , encrypted passwords , birth dates and genders . Unlike the last breach , hackers did n't get the answers to security questions or have access to most people 's financial information . However , information from an additional 12,700 users stored on a database that was retired in 2007 was also compromised , Sony said . The data there included credit and debit-card numbers and expiration dates , but not security codes , for non-United States residents , as well as direct-debit banking records for some customers in Austria , Germany , the Netherlands and Spain . Sony apologized for the security lapse and outages on Sunday . The company plans to offer PlayStation account holders a 30-day voucher for the PlayStation Plus service , which lets gamers download free and exclusive games . Current Plus subscribers will get an extra 30 days added to their accounts . Similarly , Sony Online Entertainment will add 30 days to customers ' accounts , along with additional play time for each day the service is down . The company also says it is in the process of outlining how it will recompense gamers who own its PlayStation 3 games . Additionally , Sony will offer complimentary assistance for customers who want to enroll in identity theft protection programs . Sony says it 's working with the Federal Bureau of Investigation to make sense of the security breach . On Monday , PlayStation spokesman Patrick Seybold denied a report that said the hacker group offered to sell Sony a list of credit card numbers stolen from its systems .	Sony says its online-game services were also targeted in the hack This adds 24.6 million accounts to the 77 million that were already reported Sony shut down the networks for "  EverQuest " and "  DC Universe Online " on Monday
CNN  -- A former defense lawyer imprisoned for aiding a convicted terrorist 's communication from prison to his terrorist group was released from prison Tuesday evening , after a judge ordered the "  compassionate release . " U.S. District Judge John Koeltl granted a motion filed by federal prosecutors and the Federal Bureau of Prisons to reduce the sentence of outspoken lawyer Lynne Stewart , who was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2010 . Stewart 's "  terminal medical condition and very limited life expectancy constitute extraordinary and compelling reasons that warrant the requested reduction , " Koeltl wrote in his order . " ... It is further ordered that the defendant shall be released from the custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons as soon as her medical condition permits , the release plan is implemented and travel arrangements can be made . " Stewart arrived in New York early Wednesday afternoon and is with her son and his family in Brooklyn , according to her lawyer , Jill Shellow . "  I know that she is very happy to be home , " said Shellow . "  I believe her immediate plan is to seek medical attention at Sloan Kettering Cancer Center . " Stewart , who is 74 and has breast cancer , was known for representing poor and sometimes unpopular clients as a defense attorney . In 1995 , she represented the blind cleric Sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman , who was convicted of a long list of terrorist activities , including his part in a plot to blow up American military installations . Abdel-Rahman is serving life in prison . The motion filed Tuesday asked the court to release Stewart from a Texas prison because her cancer has metastasized to the lung and bone , and oncologists estimate her life expectancy to be less than 18 months . The filing said her medical condition was "  terminal and incurable " and cited the "  relatively limited risk " of recidivism and danger to the community from her release . Shellow told CNN her client 's supporters were "  overjoyed that she will spend her remaining days with her family . " In 2000 , Stewart broke her agreement to abide by measures set by the Department of Justice and Bureau of Prisons . Those measures stipulated that Abdel-Rahman not be permitted any contact with his organization , Islamic Group . After visiting Abdel-Rahman in prison , Stewart passed on a message from him to his Islamic Group followers : that Islamic Group should reconsider a cease-fire in attacks against the Egyptian government . Stewart was disbarred in 2007 and began serving her 28-month sentence in November 2009 . In 2010 , Koeltl revised his initial sentencing of Stewart from 28 months to 10 years in prison . Wearing navy blue prison garb and handcuffs , Stewart entered a crowded courtroom to a standing ovation . "  The pain is overwhelming " said Stewart , who paused to compose herself several times while speaking . "  Prison has diminished me . " CNN 's Morgan Winsor and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Lynne Stewart is released from jail after a judge 's order Stewart was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 2010 She aided a convicted terrorist 's communication from prison to his terrorist group She is 74 years old and has a terminal , incurable illness
CNN  -- Colombian military forces killed 18 leftist guerrillas Friday in two operations , the National Defense Ministry said . Another 13 members of the Colombian Revolutionary Armed Forces  FARC  were captured and two more were "  demobilized " in the attacks by the air force and special forces troops , which took place in a rural area of Vista Hermosa in the central department , or administrative district , of Meta . There , air force jets bombarded encampments capable of housing 200 people and belonging to Gang 43 of FARC , the ministry said in a posting on its Web site . After the bombing , special forces troops surrounded the camp and began fighting with the FARC forces . They found 25 rifles , explosives and "  information of interest to military intelligence , " the posting said . Friday 's actions are part of an offensive against FARC in Meta and the southern department of Caqueta to find those people responsible for the death of Gov. Luis Francisco Cuellar , who was kidnapped and killed December 22 in Florence , Colombia , by FARC members , the posting said . "  The successes confirm that , in spite of cowardly and sporadic terrorist acts of this organization , the state continues landing serious blows and dismantling what remains of the terrorist structure , " Defense Minister Gabriel Silva said . On Wednesday , the army seized 1 3/4 tons of cocaine in Puerto Escondido in the department of Cordoba , it said . During 2009 , the Ministry of Defense reported capturing more than 200 tons of cocaine worth $ 5 billion . For its part , the national army reported in its annual report that during 2009 it was involved in 1,200 fights that "  permitted the neutralization of 1,348 terrorist actions and the occupation and destruction of 1,172 encampments , many of which were used as laboratories to process cocaine . FARC has been at war with the Colombian government for more than 40 years . Although the government says the FARC 's military force has been severely compromised in recent months , authorities still accuse it of trafficking huge quantities of cocaine to finance its insurgency . Security analysts say FARC has about 9,000 to 12,000 armed guerillas and several thousand supporters , mostly in rural areas . The guerrilla group was established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party . The guerrillas operate mostly in Colombia but have carried out extortion , kidnappings and other activities in Venezuela , Panama and Ecuador , according to the Federation of American Scientists Intelligence Resource Program .	Colombian military : 18 leftist guerrillas killed in two operations Air force and special forces attacked FARC in Meta department , military says Military : 1 3/4 tons of cocaine seized Wednesday in Cordoba department More than 200 tons of cocaine worth $ 5 billion seized in 2009 , military reports
The news that Yahoo knowingly chose a pregnant woman as its new CEO has rightly been heralded by working women and their allies as another hole in the glass ceiling . Marissa Mayer , until now a top executive at Google , reports that when she told Yahoo 's board of directors that she and her husband are expecting their first child in October , no one expressed any second thoughts about hiring her . The lack of reaction "  showed their evolved thinking , " she said . But Mayer 's next sentence immediately squashed any illusions that her presence at Yahoo foreshadows any change in corporate America 's 24/7 work culture . "  My maternity leave , " she told reporters , "  will be a few weeks long , and I 'll work throughout it . " Mayer 's assurance that having a child will require so little adjustment in her work schedule has led many women to worry that she is naive about the physical and emotional price she will pay for taking so little time to recuperate and bond with her new baby . Others express concern that her child will suffer for her decision . Tech : 11 fun facts about Mayer These worries are mostly groundless . The real problem with Mayer 's pledge to take only a few weeks off and work right through it has little to do with her own welfare or her child 's . It is the message this sends to her employees about the expected work culture at Yahoo . Mayer will probably do just fine returning to work so early . Top executives have much more flexibility than the lower-level employees they rely on to be at the office bright and early , set things up for the day , reschedule appointments when necessary , run errands and deliver needed papers if they are working off-site . They can also afford to hire live-in nannies so that they never need to scramble to cover gaps or breakdowns in child care coverage . Mayer 's husband , a tech investor , has similar flexibility . Mayer 's son is also likely to turn out fine , assuming that she and her husband are even moderately competent parents . On average , while very short maternity leaves do increase the risk of insecure attachment between mother and child , most mothers bond successfully , even with short leaves . Psychologists Philip and Carolyn Cowan , authors of "  When Partners Become Parents " and leading experts in what makes for effective child outcomes , note that kids of working mothers do well when women are happy with their jobs , have good child care arrangements , and fathers actively participate in making these work-family choices . Tech : Six life lessons from Yahoo CEO In fact , a major predictor of whether a woman will be warm and responsive to her child , avoiding the bouts of depression that are one of the most serious threats to effective parenting , is whether she is happy about the work choices she makes . A woman with Mayer 's work ethic would probably be a less effective parent if she felt compelled to stay home when she wanted to work . But Mayer 's insistence that she will get back to work so quickly sets a bad precedent for Yahoo 's lower-level employees , mothers and fathers , who do not have the job flexibility and can not afford the extensive social support and backup systems that Mayer and her husband will be able to construct . Ellen Galinsky , president of the Families and Work Institute , argues that the personal work-life choices of top leaders in a workplace are as important as their formal work-life programs and policies in shaping expectations about what is and is not acceptable . Leaders who take little time off for family create a work culture that inhibits lower-level employees from asking for any work-family rearrangements they may need . Tech : The internet just wants Mayer to fix Flickr It 's great that corporate leaders no longer assume a high-powered female employee will lose her brain , drive and work commitment when she gets pregnant . And I admire Mayer for feeling free to set a high priority upon her work commitments without succumbing to the guilt that weighs down so many working moms . But it might be better for the rest of us working parents , who do n't have the same resources and support systems , if she would take a longer leave and maintain a dignified silence about just how many work hours she puts in during it . How do you balance career and family ? Let us know on CNN iReport .	Yahoo has chosen Marissa Mayer , who is pregnant , as its new CEO Stephanie Coontz : Mayer 's pledge of a short maternity leave sets a bad precedent for others She says Mayer will do well , but Yahoo 's lower-level employees with kids may feel inhibited Coontz : Leaders who take little time off create a work culture that may be less family friendly
Mortar fire hammered a college in Syria 's capital , the government and rebels said , killing at least 10 people . Shells hit the Architecture College at the University of Damascus . State media earlier said 15 people were killed but eventually changed the toll to 10 dead in mortar fire by "  terrorists " -- the name the government uses to describe anti-government groups . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said a shell struck the cafeteria of the architectural engineering faculty . Mohammad Amer al-Mardini , the university rector , is quoted by SANA as saying that along with the 10 dead , 29 were wounded . "  No one , in any position in the world , can imagine there is an act more criminal than this one , " al-Mardini is quoted as saying . "  If the aim behind this criminal act was to close the University of Damascus , with its history and deep-rootedness , then we stress that it wo n't shut down in defiance of the enemies . " The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said 10 civilians were killed by mortar shells at the architecture college and that the number of dead was likely to rise . It said several shells fell inside the campus . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said 12 people died in the incident . They were among at least 107 killed in warfare across the nation Thursday , the group said . The crisis in Syria began two years ago when the government of Bashar al-Assad cracked down on peaceful protesters . That clampdown morphed into a full-blown civil war . More than 70,000 people are believed to have been killed , the United Nations estimates . The warfare has spawned a vast humanitarian and displacement crisis . Time for a no-fly zone ? International diplomacy has failed to forge peace as the warring rages daily . Syrian rebels have been obtaining weapons from entities outside the country and have seized arms from the well-stocked military . But Western nations have been reluctant to arm factions opposing the Assad government . One official who helped a failed effort to bring about a cease-fire in Syria says it 's time for a bit of a change . Norwegian Maj. Gen. Robert Mood , former head of the U.N. monitoring team in Syria , told the BBC on Wednesday that it 's time for the world to consider imposing a no-fly zone , an area over which aircraft are not allowed to fly . Al-Assad 's government regularly has used its aircraft to attack rebel positions . "  To level the playing field now in the military terms would be to consider no-fly zones , to consider whether the Patriots in Turkey could have a role also in taking on some responsibility for the northern part of Syria , " he said . Patriots , which are surface-to-air missiles , have been deployed to Turkey to protect the country . The U.N. Security Council imposed a no-fly zone in Libya in 2011 to halt the violence by the Moammar Gadhafi government . That effort helped rebels there topple Gadhafi . No-fly zones were also imposed by Western nations in Iraq during the rule of Saddam Hussein . A no-fly zone would help an interim government take hold in territory that rebels have seized from the Syrian military . The opposition has chosen Ghassan Hitto , a Syrian-American , to be the prime minister of that government . Mood said a no-fly zone should be accompanied by planning for a transition . "  The next thing to argue is incredibly important . It is useless to discuss or to consider a no-fly zone unless you are thinking beyond it , unless you are already then starting to plan . " If the government should quickly collapse , he asks , "  what next then ? " He also says the world must look at how international diplomacy can be used to "  achieve results with military means that strengthen the moderates inside Syria . " The world must also think about reconstruction after the war is ended and getting humanitarian aid "  to the women and children and the suffering Syrian population . "	The death toll now stands at 10 , the government and an opposition group say More than 100 killed in warfare across Syria on Thursday , opposition group says Many people are wounded in the shelling The former head of U.N. peacekeepers in Syria suggests a no-fly zone
CNN  -- On Wednesday night , an estimated 50 million Americans will watch the first presidential debate live , as President Barack Obama and GOP nominee Mitt Romney face off for 90 minutes in Denver . The odds are that many of those watching will have more than their TVs on as they do so : Millions are also likely to be glancing at their laptops or mobile phones , scanning the live conversation about the debates that will unfold over social networks and chiming in with their own comments . But while this burst of online chatter will undoubtedly affect the coverage and analysis of the debates , the bipartisan Commission on Presidential Debates has , unfortunately , taken only the most modest of steps to channel all of this public participation into something more meaningful than a digital water-cooler conversation . Despite all kinds of interesting experiments during the primaries , including questions from the audience via Twitter and inviting real-time feedback that moderators occasionally inserted into the live debate conversation , the commission is rolling out a quasi-interactive online tool that is bound to leave the public wanting much more . Opinion : Debate advice -- Obama , light a cig ; Romney , throw deep A week ago , the debate commission announced "  The Voice Of ... , " a digital platform that will be deployed on special landing pages hosted by Google , Yahoo and AOL to "  give people throughout the country the opportunity to share their voice . " Now , a day before the first debate , I 've gotten a peek at the dashboard they 're delivering , from the Yahoo page that has just gone live  the others are still placeholders  . "  The Voice Of " landing page offers three options : explore the issues , voice your view and watch the debates . Of those , the second choice is the most intriguing , because it gives participants the ability to not just say where they stand on topics like health care , energy , regulation , education , foreign affairs , terrorism , jobs , taxes and federal spending but to then see how they compare with other participants in the aggregate . A dynamic counter will then also show how many people have "  shared their voice . " This is very nice , and it will certainly be interesting to see how the live debate affects the results on "  The Voice Of ... " dashboards . But it barely scratches the surface of what the Internet could do to open up the debates , engage the public and allow for a more robust and accountable discussion of key issues by the candidates . It 's kind of like if the debate commission got itself a synthesizer but just decided to use it to play "  Chopsticks . " To most people , "  sharing your voice " means actually getting a sense that you are being listened to . Otherwise , what is the point of having a voice ? Unlike broadcast television , the Internet is an arena of abundance . You do n't need to speak in soundbites online or conduct pnly one-way , top-down conversations . Opinion : How will debates sway the undecideds ? Instead of just creating an online playpen for a parallel but essentially disconnected national conversation about the debates , the commission could have built on work done during the primaries to capture and reflect public responses to the actual candidate responses , in real time . Or , as McCurry and Fahrenkopf promised in a little-noticed news release in July , they could also be using the Internet to enable the public to "  share their input with the debate moderators in advance of the debates . " There 's still time for the commission to rethink this approach , but I 'm not holding my breath . After all , the dirty little secret about the Commission on Presidential Debates is that is essentially a creature of the two major parties that views its job as managing an orderly joint television appearance that both major presidential campaigns will agree to . The real details of how these debates are run are actually hammered out in secret negotiations between top lawyers from both sides , as George Farah of the advocacy group OpenDebates.org has documented in detail . A whistle-blower leaked him the 2004 contract between the Bush and Kerry campaigns that showed that both sides had agreed that the two men would not ask each other direct questions , for example . In the town-hall-style debate , they also agreed that "  Audience members shall not ask follow-up questions or otherwise participate in the extended discussion , and the audience members ' microphone shall be turned off after he or she completes asking the question . " If the presidential campaigns can go so far as to prohibit a live audience member in a town-hall-style debate from even asking a follow-up question , which is something that would happen naturally if it was a genuine town hall , then it 's understandable why the commission 's approach to the Internet is so compartmentalized and limited . This is a shame . But as a new generation of Americans who use social media naturally enters public life , this artificial wall between the voters and our would-be leaders will eventually come down . Opinion : Candidates , stop vying to be debate underdog The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Micah Sifry .	Wednesday 's presidential debate will feature limited online interaction Commission on Presidential Debates created "  The Voice Of ... " for viewers Tool lets users "  share their voice " but not with candidates
New York  CNN  -- Fashion models have often been accused of being beautiful , but plastic . On one block in the heart of Manhattan , they really are . A stretch of Broadway has been transformed into a "  Sidewalk Catwalk " -- 32 life-sized synthetic models on pedestals seeming to strut their stuff through New York City 's fashion district . From Hilfiger to Von Furstenberg , the latest trends and brand image from 32 designers are on display . "  What makes this experience really fantastic is all these fashions are really meant to make a statement about why this area is so important , why this area has to be zoned and -LSB- to -RSB- keep it for fashion , " Geoffry Gertz , a professor of fashion at Parsons School of Design , said . Historically , New York fashion designers manufactured and produced their product in the city . In recent years , Gertz said about 90 percent of fashion goods production has been shipped overseas , where labor and materials are less expensive to mass produce . "  I think it 's key to all of this , is how to inspire the youth ? How do we protect an industry where they can come and buy fabric , buy trim , buy threads , find a factory to make it all ? " said the fashion professor . The show was created by the Fashion Center Business Improvement District , and is aimed at showing tourists and New Yorkers the historical and artistic representation of the industry . "  It 's just beautiful to see , to walk down Broadway and see all these things , " said Ben Issacs , who works near the display . "  I hope to see a lot more of these beautiful things in the future . " "  The way the designers present themselves to the consumer is in retail -- we wanted to give them a way to present themselves creatively as artists , " said Barbara Randall , executive director of the Fashion Center Business Improvement District . "  Giving them a public place for art is a way to do that , rather than presenting themselves commercially . " Designers protected the dummies from the elements by wrapping the mannequins in materials . They face extreme heat in the summer in the city and prodding and poking tourists , though on one weekday morning , the models stood quietly while tourists and locals sat reading and eating nearby . To build the models , designers used metals , sequins , glass , paint , hemp and stone -- and in the case of designer Yeohle Teng , brick and cement to enclose a mannequin with a wall . "  The mannequins are so different from each other , there 's no main theme at all , and the people are just as diverse as the mannequins , " Randall said . Designs ranged from Victor Alfaro 's mannequin , draped in tailored parts of a real parachute , to Diane von Furstenberg 's mannequin covered in leopard print and the personally painted insignia "  love is life , " to Betsy Johnson 's streetwalking pink and platinum doll drawn in black and covered in sunflowers . Tommy Hilfiger recreated the American flag much as Jimi Hendrix recreated the national anthem at Woodstock in ' 69 , with a mannequin walking through a torn waving plastic American flag . Similar to Los Angeles 's street angels , and New York City 's former cows and bulls statues , the mannequins are being auctioned off to private donors . These mannequins have been posted on eBay , with starting bids of $ 500 -- all proceeds will go toward the Material for the Arts organization -- the biggest contributor of materials to public schools and charities in New York City . Randall said she has received offers from one individual donor who may purchase a series of mannequins , and put them on private display in another city . The unique fashion show runs until September 3 , on Broadway between Times Square and Herald Square . CNN 's Gabriella Casanas and Richard Roth contributed to this report	"  Sidewalk Catalk " is a unique display of 32 synthetic models in New York 's fashion district The street show makes a statement about why the area is vital to its industry Prominent designers created diverse displays that are attracting tourists and locals
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri has claimed responsibility for the capture in August of a 70-year-old U.S. citizen in Pakistan , according to a number of radical websites known for carrying militants ' messages . In the eighth episode of a series called "  A Message of hope and glad tidings to our people in Egypt , " the speaker sent a "  message of support and encouragement " to members of al Qaeda and the Taliban as well as to "  our female oppressed prisoners . " "  We did not forget you and we will not forget you , God willing , and therefore in order to release you , we have been successful , thanks to God almighty , to capture an American Jew called Warren Weinstein , " he said . He described the captive as "  a former employee and a current contractor working with the U.S. government in its aid program to Pakistan , which aims to fight the jihad in Pakistan and Afghanistan , and just like the Americans arrest any suspect linked to al Qaeda and the Taliban , even if they were far related . " The speaker then listed eight demands that he said , if met , would result in Weinstein 's release . They included the lifting of the blockade on movement of people and trade between Egypt and Gaza ; an end to bombing by the United States and its allies in Pakistan , Afghanistan , Yemen , Somalia and Gaza ; the release of anyone arrested on charges of belonging to al Qaeda and the Taliban ; the release of all prisoners in Guantanamo and American secret prisons and the closure of Guantanamo and the other prisons ; the release of terrorists convicted in the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center ; and the release of relatives of Osama bin Laden , the founder of al Qaeda who was killed in May in Pakistan . "  Your government is torturing our prisoners , and we have never tortured your prisoner , " he added . "  Your government signed the Geneva Conventions , and then threw it in the rubbish bin , and even though we did not sign the Geneva Conventions , we are honoring your prisoner . " The speaker said Weinstein 's fate lies with U.S. President Barack Obama . "  I warn you of Obama 's lies and deceit because he hopes that this man gets killed so he does n't have to worry about his problem . Obama is a liar . He lies , lies and will lie . He may say to you , ' I sought the release of your relative but al Qaeda got stubborn , ' so do not believe him . And he may say to you , ' I tried to contact them , but they did not answer , ' so do not believe him . He may tell you , ' I do everything in my power to release your relative , ' but again do not believe him . " He urged Weinstein 's relatives to pressure Obama to accede to his demands "  if you want to bring back your relative . " A U.S. official said the circumstances surrounding Weinstein 's disappearance have been murky , but added , "  It 's entirely possible that al Qaeda or one of its militant allies may be holding Mr. Weinstein and the statement by Zawahiri supports this conclusion . " The official said that , based on the materials found in the raid on Osama bin Laden 's compound , al Qaeda 's involvement with a kidnapping would not be surprising . "  The documents from bin Laden 's hideout show his frustrated deputies were considering kidnapping and other criminal enterprises as a means of striking from their weakened state , " said the official , pointing to the terrorist groups ' failure to conduct big attacks against Western targets . Reached Thursday at her home in Rockville , Maryland , Weinstein 's wife , Elaine , said , "  I just found out myself two minutes ago when somebody told me . I have nothing to add and no information for you . " Weinstein was abducted from his home in Lahore on August 13 . As his three security guards prepared for the meal before the Ramadan fast , three men knocked at the front gate and offered food for the meal -- a traditional practice among Muslims during the holy month of Ramadan , Lahore police said . Once the gate was opened , the three men forced their way in , while five others entered the house from the back , tied up the guards and duct-taped their mouths , according to police . They pistol-whipped the driver and forced him to take them to Weinstein 's room , where they hit Weinstein on the head with a pistol and forced him out of the house and into a waiting car , police said . A police official said August 23 that three suspects had been arrested in Weinstein 's kidnapping . Weinstein works for J.E. Austin Associates Inc. , a consulting firm based in Arlington , Virginia . He is a development expert , according to the company 's website . The company did not immediately respond to a call and an e-mail seeking reaction . CNN 's Eric Fiegel , Pam Benson and Saad Abedine contributed to this story	NEW : Al Qaeda 's involvement with a kidnapping would not be surprising , U.S. official says Warren Weinstein is a former U.S. Agency for International Development worker The 70-year-old was abducted August 13 from his home in Lahore , police said
VATICAN CITY , Vatican  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI called for peace in the Middle East and an end to the exploitation of children in the homily he delivered early Thursday during the annual Christmas Eve Midnight Mass in St. Peter 's Basilica . Pope Benedict XVI calls for a "  conversion of hearts " to help children . He later delivered the traditional Christmas address in St. Peter 's Square , sending Christmas greetings in languages including English , Spanish , Lithuanian , Ukrainian , Slovak and many others . The address is known as "  Urbi et Orbi " -- Latin for "  To the City and the World . " Benedict , 81 , called for the faithful to pray for peace to come to "  the land in which Jesus lived , and which he loved so deeply . " "  Let us pray for mutual understanding , that hearts will be opened , so that borders can be opened , " he said . The pontiff also called for special consideration for suffering children who are homeless , forced to serve as soldiers or exploited in pornography "  and every other appalling form of abuse . " "  The Child of Bethlehem summons us once again to do everything in our power to put an end to the suffering of these children ; to do everything possible to make the light of Bethlehem touch the heart of every man and woman , " he said . Watch Pope Benedict deliver his message during midnight Mass " "  Only through the conversion of hearts , only through a change in the depths of our hearts can the cause of all this evil be overcome . " Thousands heard the pope , in white and gold robes , speak inside the basilica at St. Peter 's -- although Vatican cameras captured some sleeping children who had been unable to stay awake for the late ceremony . Those who could not get inside watched on giant television screens outside in the square . As Benedict was leaving down the main aisle , someone wearing red jumped the barrier . The person was swiftly tackled by security . The pope appeared to slow his step momentarily and take a slight step back as the action took place , but he quickly resumed the processional , waving to the audience . Watch as security steps in " Vatican spokesperson Father Federico Lombardi told CNN she did not appear to pose any risk .	Pope Benedict XVI also calls for an end to exploitation of children Pope seeks end to violence in to "  the land in which Jesus lived " Person jumps barrier as Pope leaves ; security quickly tackles person
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Thursday that North Korea 's new leader , Kim Jung Un , "  has a choice to make " -- become a "  transformative leader " or continue the Communist nation 's existing policies , which she predicted would lead to its demise . "  He can continue the model of the past and eventually North Korea will change , because at some point people can not live under such oppressive conditions -- starving to death , being put into gulags and having their basic human rights denied , " she said . "  We are hoping that he will chart a different course for his people . " The 29-year-old Kim Jong Un became North Korea 's most powerful figure about six months ago , following the death of his father Kim Jong Il . He has only made two public speeches since rising to power -- the first coming at a ceremony marking the 100th anniversary of the birth of North Korea 's founder and his grandfather Kim Il Sung , and more recently in June in a speech to about 20,000 children . Referring to Kim Jong Un , Clinton expressed "  hope that the new leadership in Pyongyang will live up to its agreements , will not engage in threats and provocations  and  will put the North Korean people first . " "  Rather than spending money on implements of war , feed your people , provide education and health care , and lift your people out of poverty and isolation , " she advised North Korea 's new leader . The comments followed a meeting in Washington -- referred to by both sides as the "  2-plus-2 " talks -- involving Clinton , U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and South Korea 's foreign and defense ministers . Afterward , the United States and South Korea released a joint statement reaffirming their cooperation on security matters , an alliance they called "  a linchpin of stability , security , and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region and increasingly around the world . " That cooperation was evident in crisis management and "  intelligence sharing " before , during and after North Korea 's failed long-range rocket launch in April , South Korean Defense Minister Kim Kwan-jin said Thursday . Some expressed concerns that launch , which the U.N. Security Council condemned as a "  serious violation " of previous council resolutions , might signal Pyongyang 's intentions to fire nuclear weapons on its foes . Foreign Minister Kim Sung Hwan promised that South Korea and the United States "  will show a decisive response " if North Korea moves to "  provoke again . " Yet he also opened the door for talks . "  The road to dialogue and cooperation is open should North Korea stop its provocation , " he said . A few years after the Korean peninsula was divided after World War II , U.S. forces joined South Korea in the Korean War -- a conflict that ended in a cease-fire , but no peace treaty . North Korea 's nuclear weapons capabilities have further heightened tensions in recent years . This week 's meeting in Washington showed the strength of the partnership between two of North Korea 's staunchest foes . In addition to a continued focus on Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile programs , the two parties announced a joint defense initiative focused on "  evolving threats , such as in space , the maritime domain , and cyberspace , " according to the joint statement . "  Working together , we can improve the security of our government , military and commercial infrastructure and better protect against cyber attacks , " Clinton said .	NEW : "  Rather than spending money on implements of war , feed your people , " Clinton says the U.S. Secretary of State hopes North Korea 's Kim Jung Un "  will chart a different course " The foreign and defense ministers of the U.S. and South Korea meet in Washington They jointly affirm their alliance , calling it a "  linchpin " to assuring security in South Asia
Vilseck , Germany  CNN  -- The wives of three Army sergeants in prison for premeditated murder say their husbands are war heroes who should not be in prison . "  I can sympathize with them that they felt like there was nothing else they could do , " said Jamie Leahy , wife of Sgt. Michael Leahy , a 28-year-old medic . She said her husband and the other two sergeants were heroes for protecting other soldiers . Leahy , 1st Sgt. John Hatley and Sgt. 1st Class Joseph Mayo killed four Iraqi men whom they had taken into custody at a canal in Baghdad , Iraq . During the investigation of the killings , Leahy told Army investigators that the same men they had captured would be shooting at them again if they had released them . "  It 's like somebody keeps coming and breaking into your house , and you told the cops , ` This is who it is , I saw them , they were in my house , ' " Jamie Leahy told CNN 's "  AC 360 ° . " "  And that 's not enough , and they are able to keep coming in and breaking into your house . "  I know it 's more severe than that , but I mean if somebody kept coming in and breaking into your house , I think that the person would either want to get a gun or something to protect themselves because you feel like in your own home , you ca n't even be safe . " Earlier this year , Leahy , Hatley and Mayo were convicted of premeditated murder and conspiracy to commit premeditated murder in the killings of the four Iraqi detainees in March 2007 . Documents obtained by CNN , as well as Army interrogation tapes , reveal that Hatley believed that if the men were taken to a detainee holding area , they would be released because there was not enough evidence to hold them . "  It 's like you 're letting somebody go so they can come back and terrorize you again and try and kill you and maybe be successful next time , " Jaime Leahy said . Kim Hatley made a video in a field in Schweinfurt , Germany , where she and her husband lived before he was sent to the U.S. military prison at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas . In the video , she holds up cards asking for help in freeing "  three American heroes . " "  They served their country , and they 've been through a lot , and so have the family members , " she told CNN . "  But , in life , with any challenge , you ca n't just look at one incident . This does not define who these soldiers are . " Kim Hatley says her husband is a "  good man . " "  I do n't think my husband should have gone to prison , " she said . "  I do n't think that was fair . I do n't think any of our soldiers should have gone to prison . " And Johana Mayo said her husband has been punished enough . "  I think that he 's given and sacrificed a lot , " she said . "  I think he 's a war hero . He 's not a criminal and he 's ... being treated as a criminal , and he should n't be . " The Mayos have three children , ages 15 months , 6 and 11 . Johana Mayo is legally blind and can not drive . "  I was used to relying on my husband for everything , " she said . "  You know , and he was the one that drove the kids around . He was the one that took care of their homework and anything -- grocery shopping -- everything . I relied on him for everything , and now I feel like I have to turn to my daughter a lot , and she 's only 11 . " All three wives have set up Web sites to support their husbands : defendjohnhatley.com , defendjosephmayo.com and supportsgtleahy.com . Hatley , who was sentenced to life imprisonment , got clemency with his sentence reduced to 40 years . Both Leahy , who also received a life sentence , and Mayo , who got 35 years , had their sentences reduced to 20 years . All three sergeants were reduced in rank to private and sent to Fort Leavenworth . "  I think that what happened was done to protect the soldiers , to keep our soldiers safe from getting harmed or killed , " Johana Mayo said .	Wives say three Army sergeants convicted of murder should not be in prison They say their husbands were heroes for protecting other soldiers in Iraq All three wives have set up Web sites to support their husbands Watch Saturday , Sunday at 8 and 11 p.m. ET ; read blog posts : Abbie Boudreau ; Scott Zamost
CNN  -- Faced with the threat of arrest , fans of an English soccer club defied police Sunday by chanting an anti-Semitic term which they claim to have appropriated in a positive manner . A section of Tottenham Hotspur supporters chanted "  Yid Army " and "  We 'll sing what we want " at the home Premier League match against London rival West Ham -- a fixture which last season saw one of the visiting fans banned for life for performing a Nazi-style salute . Just one man was arrested this time , the UK Press Association reported , as he was taken aside by police at halftime and held on suspicion of committing a public order offense in the East Stand at White Hart Lane . Spurs fans greeted their players ' entrance onto the pitch with their customary "  Yiddo " greeting , PA reported , and sang "  Jermain Defoe , he 's a Yiddo " for the club 's former West Ham striker . While last season some West Ham fans chanted "  Adolf Hitler is coming for you " and mimicked the sound of gas chambers , this time they responded to the call of "  Yids " with humor , replying with "  Racists ! Racists " according to PA. . Tottenham 's fanbase has a large Jewish contingent , and they originally called themselves "  Yid Army " in response to anti-Semitic abuse from rival supporters . However , the use of sensitive words has sparked intense debate -- police said before the match they would arrest any offenders , but British Prime Minister David Cameron defended the Tottenham fans ' chanting . "  There 's a difference between Spurs fans self-describing themselves as Yids and someone calling someone a Yid as an insult , " Cameron told the UK-based Jewish Chronicle newspaper . "  You have to be motivated by hate . Hate speech should be prosecuted -- but only when it 's motivated by hate . " But Cameron 's views have been dismissed as "  ludicrous " by Race for Sport , a group which prides itself on "  promoting fairness , justice and equality within all sports . " David Neita , a spokesperson for the group and a member of the Society of Black Lawyers , says the attempt by Tottenham fans to suggest they have reclaimed the word "  is an insult to anybody 's intelligence . " While Tottenham 's fans may have seemingly won this battle with the police , on the pitch the club 's title hopes were hit by a 3-0 defeat -- Spurs ' first home reverse this season . New Zealand international defender Winston Reid scored the Hammers ' first away goal of the 2013-14 campaign before Ricardo Vaz Te and Ravel Morrison , with a solo breakaway , moved their club out of the bottom three . Tottenham dropped to sixth place , three points adrift of north London rival Arsenal -- which returned to the top on goal difference above Liverpool after being held 1-1 by West Brom . Claudio Yacob headed a first-half opener , but Jack Wilshere -- criticized in midweek by manager Arsene Wenger after being seen smoking outside a nightclub -- rescued Arsenal with a deflected 63rd-minute equalizer . Chelsea , the fourth London club in action Sunday , claimed third place with a 3-1 victory at Norwich thanks to late goals from substitutes Eden Hazard and Willian . Oscar had put the Blues ahead in the fourth minute after combining with striker Demba Ba , but Anthony Pilkington gave Norwich hope with a second-half equalizer . Southampton moved into the top four after a 2-0 win at home to Swansea , with a goal in either half from winger Adam Lallana and substitute Jay Rodriguez .	Tottenham fans ignore threat of arrest after police 's "  Y-word " warning London club 's supporters chant "  Yid Army " during home match with West Ham The same fixture last season was marred by visiting fans ' anti-Semitic abuse Spurs suffer shock defeat Sunday as London rival Arsenal returns to top of EPL table
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani government officials announced Monday an agreement with the Taliban to allow strict Islamic law , or sharia , to be implemented in parts of North West Frontier Province . Delegation members of pro-Taliban leader Soofi Mohammad at a meeting in Peshawar Monday . It marks a major concession by the Pakistani government in its attempt to hold off Taliban militants who have terrorized the region with beheadings , kidnappings , and the destruction of girls ' schools . The government will recognize sharia for the entire Malakand Division , which includes the Swat district -- a two-hour drive from Pakistan 's capital , Islamabad -- the chief minister of North West Frontier Province Amir Haider Hoti announced Monday in a news conference . Islamic law is already being practiced in the area , where the Taliban have control . Hoti said the people of the region want sharia which will fill the "  vacuum " left by a lack of access to Pakistan 's judicial system . He said he hoped it would bring peace to the region , where Pakistani forces have battled militants aligned with the Taliban . "  Those who chose to take the path of violence because of this decision , I appeal to all of them to work for the sake of peace now , " Hoti said . "  There is no accounting for the sacrifice of all the people of Swat and the Malakand division . How many children have been orphaned ? How many parents have lost their children ? How many young people have been martyred ? In my mind , I do n't think that anyone can take this any more . " Watch Pakistan 's foreign minister discuss negotiating with the Taliban " He also stressed that the recognition of Islamic law in the region "  is n't something that has n't happened before . " He said previous agreements have been made regarding sharia , but were never implemented . He also said that the Islamic law will not go against basic civil liberties , although he did not explain how the government would make sure that provision would be upheld . Watch the implications of the concessions to the Taliban " Sharia is defined as Islamic law but is interpreted with wide differences depending on the various sects of both Sunni and Shia Islam . So far , the Pakistani Taliban 's interpretation of sharia has included banning girls from school , forcing women inside and outlawing forms of entertainment . The agreement comes amid negotiations between Pakistani provincial officials and Taliban representatives , led by Sufi Mohammed . The Taliban on Sunday declared a 10-day cease-fire in Swat Valley , which Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan said was a gesture of good will towards the government . The Taliban 's control of Swat is believed to be the deepest advance by militants into Pakistan 's settled areas -- meaning areas outside its federally administered tribal region along the border with Afghanistan . The negotiations in North West Frontier Province are the latest attempt by Pakistan 's civilian government -- which took power last year -- to achieve peace through diplomacy in areas where Taliban and al Qaeda leaders are believed to have free rein . But analysts as well as critics within the establishment have warned that Pakistan 's previous dealings with the Taliban have only given the fundamentalist Islamic militia time to regroup and gain more ground . Khadim Hussain , a professor Bahria University in Islamabad who studies Pakistani politics , said the government has effectively surrendered the areas to the Taliban , thereby setting the stage for two contradictory , parallel states in North West Frontier Province . "  If you leave them like that and you give ... a semblance of peace in a particular area , what does that mean ? " Hussain said . "  It means you 're capitulating . It means you 're surrendering the state to them . It means your submitting the state authority to them because they are running a parallel state . " He said the government 's decision amounts to a marriage of convenience made under duress . Swat has been overrun by forces loyal to Maulana Fazlullah 's banned hardline Islamic group , Tehreek Nifaz-e-Shariat Mohammadi  TNSM  which has allied itself with Taliban fighters . TNSM was once led by Sufi Mohammed , Fazlullah 's father-in-law who is leading the latest negotiations . Sufi Mohammed was released from jail last year by Pakistani authorities after he agreed to cooperate with the government . He was jailed in 2002 after recruiting thousands of fighters to battle U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Fazlullah took over TNSM during Sufi Mohammed 's jail stint and vowed to continue his fight to impose fundamentalist Islamic law in the region . Last May , Pakistan 's government announced it reached a peace deal with militants in Swat Valley . In the months that have followed , the Taliban have seized control of the region and carried out a violent campaign against government officials , including local politicians . The head of the Awami National Party -- which represents the region -- was forced to flee to Islamabad amid death threats from the Taliban . Pakistan is under enormous pressure to control the militants within its borders , blamed for launching attacks in neighboring Afghanistan where U.S. and NATO forces are fighting militants . The deal with the Taliban comes on the heels of a visit by U.S. special envoy Richard Holbrooke , who is now meeting with leaders in neighboring India . He said he is awaiting more details of Monday 's agreement , but said it underlines the challenge of dealing with the rise of the Taliban . The United States -- using unmanned drones -- has carried out several airstrikes inside Pakistan on suspected militant targets , including one on Monday that killed at least 15 people , Pakistani sources said . Such airstrikes , which sometimes result in civilian casualties , have aggravated tensions between the U.S. and Pakistan . Pakistan 's military operation in the region is unpopular among Pakistanis , but efforts to deal diplomatically with militants have not worked in the past . Pakistan 's previous leader , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , reached a cease-fire deal with militants in South Waziristan in 2006 which was widely blamed for giving al Qaeda and Taliban a stronger foothold in the region .	Pakistani Taliban 's interpretation of sharia includes banning girls from school Deal with the Taliban comes after a visit by U.S. special envoy Richard Holbrooke Taliban : 10-day cease-fire in Swat Valley is good-will gesture towards government Critics warn that previous dealings with the Taliban have allowed it to regroup
CNN  -- Spanish golfer Sergio Garcia captured his first U.S. PGA Tour title in four years on Monday , earning himself a place in Europe 's team for next month 's Ryder Cup . He overcame a rain delay which put a halt to Sunday 's play to win the Wyndham Championship , beating South African Tim Clark by two strokes in Greensboro , North Carolina . A victory was essential to push the 32-year-old into the top-10 ranked European players who automatically qualify for the team to face the United States . He now stands in sixth place and can not be pushed out of those spots . Rory McIlroy , Justin Rose , Graeme McDowell , Paul Lawrie , Francesco Molinari , Luke Donald , Lee Westwood and Peter Hanson were already in the team to travel to Medinah at the end of September . European team captain Jose Maria Olazabal also has two wildcard picks for the tournament , with Ian Poulter expected to take one of those places . "  We 'll see when the team comes out , but I think my chances are a little better now , " Garcia said . Garcia was one of 38 players who had to return to the course to complete their final round on Monday . He had a less than solid restart when a bogey dropped him into a tie with Clark , who was cheered on by a partisan local crowd who supported him because he once attended the local university . But Garcia came back in style . He birdied four holes out of five to put some space between him and the field . At the 13th hole it looked like he was on course for the victory . A chip to within a foot of the hole left him an easy put for another birdie . An impressive bunker shot got him out of trouble and kept him on track for the win at the 15th . Not even a bogey on the 18th could spoil the celebrations , even though it meant he had slipped a shot to card a final-round 66 for an 18-under-par total of 262 . Clark finished one shot clear of Bud Cauley in third , while there was a three-way tie for fourth between Americans Chad Campbell and Jimmy Walker and Sweden 's Carl Petterson on 14 under . Garcia 's victory was his first on U.S. soil since he won the 2008 Players Championship , and eighth overall . It also helped bury some ghosts of his previous visit to the Wyndham Championship in 2009 , when he held a share of the third-round lead but eventually finished fourth . It doubled his prize money this season on the PGA Tour to $ 1.8 million from 13 starts , and lifted him up 69 places to 33rd in the FedEx Cup standings ahead of this week 's opening playoff event , The Barclays . Clark also continued his climb , up to 54th from 109 . The top 30 players qualify for the Tour Championship finale . Jason Dufner finished the regular season second behind Tiger Woods after his seventh-placing at Greensboro , with PGA Championship winner Rory McIlroy third . Garcia used a local caddy after parting with his usual bagman after this month 's PGA Championship , where he missed the cut . "  Caddies are great , but sometimes I feel like I depend too much on them , " Garcia said . "  Instead of making a decision myself , I would wait for the caddy to make a decision for me and then maybe I do n't feel comfortable with that and still try to do it . "  I wanted to start making decisions for myself , right and wrong . Not all my decisions were good this week . But at least I was pretty much 100 % committed to most of my decisions , and that was nice to see . "	Spanish golfer is guaranteed a place in the European team to play at Medinah , Illinois The 2008 Players Championship was the last time Garcia had won in the US before today South African Tim Clark shared the lead at one stage but finished two shots behind Rain forced an extra day 's play for 38 golfers at final round of the Wyndham Championship
CNN  -- The sudden death of Academy Award-winning actor and comedian Robin Williams has sent shock waves throughout the world . The 63-year-old was not only known for bringing laughter to so many throughout his career but for bringing compassion to his philanthropic causes as well . Impact Your World remembers Williams ' generosity by looking at some charities with which he worked . Robin Williams ' legacy : A big heart for charity The United Service Organization  USO  was a perfect fit for the comedian . The goal of the organization is to lift the spirits of American troops , and that 's exactly what Williams did . During his USO tours , the "  Good Morning , Vietnam " star traveled to war zones entertaining troops from Afghanistan to Kuwait . The Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation , which is dedicated to curing spinal cord injuries , tweeted : The entertainer and Christopher Reeve were very close friends . They formed an inseparable bond as roommates while studying at New York 's Julliard School . Williams was the first to bring a smile to his college buddy 's face after Reeve 's 1995 horseback riding accident left him paralyzed from the neck down . In Reeve 's autobiography "  Still Me , " he wrote how Williams made a surprise hospital visit impersonating a Russian proctologist and was going to perform an exam on him ! The comedic actor was a friend to people of all ages . Just like his "  Patch Adams " character , Williams brought smiles and laughter to sick children . He visited kids battling cancer one-on-one and signed autographs at St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital . In 2006 , the father of three was honored with the Muhammad Ali Humanitarian Award at Celebrity Fight Night . The annual event raises money primarily for the Muhammad Ali Parkinson Center in Phoenix . Reba McEntire has emceed the benefit dinner and auction for the past nine years and recalled her favorite memory of Williams . She added , "  I will miss Robin so much , as we all will . Thank God we have so many wonderful memories of him , his wit , talent , big heart and generosity . " The late actor was also involved with Comic Relief to raise money for those in need , especially America 's homeless . He hosted a series of HBO TV specials with comedian friends Billy Crystal and Whoopi Goldberg . Comic Relief founder Bob Zmuda remembered Williams ' generosity on CNN 's "  New Day " : "  Robin was the one from the get-go that was really insistent that we would raise funds for the homeless community . Robin was kind of born with a silver spoon in his mouth . ... I think he felt that he was given so much and that he needed to give back and he truly did . " Complete coverage of Robin Williams Videos : The world according to Robin Williams	Robin Williams was involved in several charitable causes He toured with the USO and volunteered with St. Jude Children 's Hospital The comedian also served on the board of The Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- College senior Kyla Berry was looking forward to voting in her first presidential election , even carrying her voter registration card in her wallet . "  Vote suppression is real . It does sometimes happen , " said Daniel P. Tokaji , a law professor at Ohio State University . But about two weeks ago , Berry got disturbing news from local election officials . "  This office has received notification from the state of Georgia indicating that you are not a citizen of the United States and therefore , not eligible to vote , " a letter from the Fulton County Department of Registration and Elections said . But Berry is a U.S. citizen , born in Boston , Massachusetts . She has a passport and a birth certificate to prove it . Watch some of the concerns of voting experts " The letter , which was dated October 2 , gave her a week from the time it was dated to prove her citizenship . There was a problem , though -- the letter was postmarked October 9 . "  It was the most bizarre thing . I immediately called my mother and asked her to send me my birth certificate , and then I was like , ` It 's too late , apparently , ' " Berry said . Berry is one of more than 50,000 registered Georgia voters who have been "  flagged " because of a computer mismatch in their personal identification information . At least 4,500 of those people are having their citizenship questioned and the burden is on them to prove eligibility to vote . Experts say lists of people with mismatches are often systematically cut , or "  purged , " from voter rolls . It 's a scenario that 's being repeated all across the country , with cases like Berry 's raising fears of potential vote suppression in crucial swing states . "  What most people do n't know is that every year , elections officials strike millions of names from the voter rolls using processes that are secret , prone to error and vulnerable to manipulation , " said Wendy Weiser , an elections expert with New York University 's Brennan Center for Justice . "  That means that lots and lots of eligible voters could get knocked off the voter rolls without any notice and , in many cases , without any opportunity to correct it before Election Day . " Weiser acknowledged that "  purging done well and with proper accountability " is necessary to remove people who have died or moved out of state . "  But the problem is it 's not necessary to do inaccurate purges that catch up thousands of eligible voters without any notice or any opportunity to fix it before Election Day and really without any public scrutiny at all , " she said . Such allegations have flared up across the United States during this election cycle , most notably in Ohio , where a recent lawsuit has already gone to the U.S. Supreme Court . There , the state Republican Party sued Ohio 's Democratic secretary of state in an effort to make her generate a list of people who had mismatched information . But Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner said generating such a list would create numerous problems too close to the election and possibly disenfranchise hundreds of thousands of voters . The Supreme Court last week ruled against the GOP on appeal of a lower court order directing Brunner to prepare the list . In Florida , election officials found that 75 percent of about 20,000 voter registration applications from a three-week period in September were mismatched due to typographical and administrative errors . Florida 's Republican secretary of state ordered the computer match system implemented in early September . In Wisconsin , Republican Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen sued the state 's election board after it voted against a proposal to implement a "  no-match " policy . The board conducted an audit of its voter rolls and found a 22 percent match failure rate -- including for four of the six members of the board . The Brennan Center has also documented cases across the country of possible illegal purging , impediments to college student voting and difficulties accessing voter registration . A lawsuit has been filed over Georgia 's mismatch system , and the state is also under fire for requesting Social Security records for verification checks on about 2 million voters -- more requests than any other state . One of the lawyers involved in the lawsuit says Georgia is violating a federal law that prohibits widespread voter purges within 90 days of the election , arguing that the letters were sent out too close to the election date . "  They are systematically using these lists and matching them and using those matches to send these letters out to voters , " said McDonald , director of the ACLU Voting Rights Project in Georgia . "  It 's not , you know , an individualized notion of people maybe not being citizens or not being residents . They 're using a systematic purging procedure that 's expressly prohibited by federal laws . " Asked if he believed that eligible voters were purged in Georgia , McDonald said , "  If people who are properly eligible , are getting improperly challenged and purged , the answer would be ` Yes , ' " he said . Elise Shore , regional counsel for the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , said letters like those sent to Berry appear to violate two federal laws against voter purging within 90 days of the election . "  People are being targeted , and people are being told they are non-citizens , including both naturalized citizens and U.S.-born citizens , " said Shore , another plaintiff in the Georgia lawsuit . "  They 're being told they 're not eligible to vote , based on information in a database that has n't been checked and approved by the Department of Justice , and that we know has flaws in it . " Georgia 's Secretary of State Karen Handel , a Republican who began working on purging voter rolls since she was elected in 2006 , said that wo n't happen . If there are errors , she said , there is still plenty of time to resolve the problems . iReport.com : Are you voting early ? Handel says she is not worried the verification process will prevent eligible voters from casting a ballot . "  In this state and all states , there 's a process to ensure that a voter who comes in -- even if there 's a question about their status -- that they will vote either provisional or challenge ballot , which is a paper ballot , " she said . "  So then the voter has ample opportunity to clarify any issues or address them , " Handel added . "  And I think that 's a really important process . " Handel denied the efforts to verify the vote are suppression . "  This is about ensuring the integrity of our elections , " she said . "  It is imperative to have checks and balances on the front end , during the processes and on the back end . That 's what the verification process is about . " So someone like Kyla Berry will be allowed to cast a provisional ballot when she votes , but it 's up to county election officials whether those ballots would actually count . Berry says she will try to vote , but she 's not confident it will count . "  I know this happens , but I can not believe it 's happening to me , " she said . "  If I were n't allowed to vote , I would just feel like that would be ... like the worst thing ever -- a travesty . "	Kyla Berry got a letter saying to vote , she must prove she 's a U.S. citizen She and others like her have been flagged for mismatched information Experts say lists of people with mismatches are being purged from voter rolls Cases like Berry 's raise fears of potential vote suppression in crucial swing states
The first significant new museum of American art in nearly half a century debuted in 2011 . But to view Crystal Bridges ' collection -- from a Gilbert Stuart portrait of George Washington to Jackson Pollock canvases -- you do n't travel to New York , Los Angeles or Chicago . You head down a forested ravine in a town in northwestern Arkansas . As museum founder and Walmart heiress Alice Walton scooped up tens of millions of dollars ' worth of art from across the country , thinly veiled snobbish rhetoric began to trickle out from the coasts . Most notably , when she purchased Asher B. Durand 's 1849 Kindred Spirits from the New York Public Library for $ 35 million , some culturati bristled at the thought that this famed Hudson River School landscape would be leaving for Bentonville . The controversy raised the question : Who deserves access to great art ? Yet a small town is precisely the kind of place where a stellar art collection fits in . After all , coastal hamlets , mountaintop villages and desert whistle-stops have inspired American artists for generations , among them , the Impressionists of Connecticut 's Old Lyme Colony and the minimalist installation artists who more recently gentrified Marfa . Where else can you find the mix of affordable rents , access to inspiring natural vistas and enough peace and quiet to actually get work done ? Many small towns also offer detour-worthy museums , some housed in spectacular historic spaces -- old factories , former army bases , Beaux-Arts estates , Victorian mansions -- and others built from scratch by internationally renowned architects like Zaha Hadid and Swiss firm Herzog & de Meuron . And with works inside just as varied , from landscape paintings at the Taos Art Museum to minimalist installations at Dia : Beacon to American folk art at the Shelburne , you 're sure to find a small-town art museum to suit any artistic taste . Travel + Leisure : America 's best ice cream shops Hill-Stead Museum , Farmington , Connecticut When iron industrialist Alfred A. Pope began buying French Impressionist masterpieces , the movement was still stirring outrage across Europe for its radical departure from tradition . But you 'd never know it from the intimate , even cozy , atmosphere at the Hill-Stead Museum , which places these works in the same context in which Pope would have enjoyed them -- surrounded by antiques and period Federal - , Chippendale - and Empire-style furnishings in his hilltop estate outside of Hartford . Like the works you 'll find inside , by Edgar Degas , Claude Monet , Mary Cassatt and Édouard Manet , the house itself now seems lovely and genteel . But it also comes with a radical back story : the Colonial Revival mansion , completed in 1901 , was designed by Pope 's own daughter , only the fourth registered female architect in American history . $ 15 ; hillstead.org . Ohr-O'Keefe Museum , Biloxi , Mississippi Biloxi 's Ohr-O'Keefe Museum raises many questions . You might wonder what an avant-garde museum is doing in a Gulf Coast beach town known for its casinos and sunshine . Or how starchitect Frank Gehry got involved in a project dedicated to obscure 19th-century ceramicist George Ohr . Or how this place is even still standing . During construction , Hurricane Katrina slammed an unmoored casino barge directly into the unfinished buildings . Any lack of logic seems appropriate in honoring Ohr , a true eccentric who dubbed himself the Mad Potter of Biloxi and was known for his delightfully misshapen , brightly colored pottery . Opened in 2010 in a thicket of live oaks , the museum encompasses brick-and-steel pavilions , twisted egg-shaped pods and examples of 19th-century vernacular architecture , with galleries on African American art , ceramics and Gulf Coast history . $ 10 ; georgeohr.org . The Huntington , San Marino , California San Marino is named for the tiny republic on the Italian peninsula . And it 's an appropriate connection for the Huntington , where the vibe is distinctly European , thanks to 120 manicured acres  reserve ahead for the Tea Room , surrounded by a rose garden  and a collection skewed to Old World classics . The Huntington Art Gallery has the largest collection of 18th - and 19th-century British art outside of London -- including works by Thomas Gainsborough and John Constable . Other galleries within this Beaux-Arts estate cover Renaissance paintings and 18th-century sculpture as well as the furniture of Frank Lloyd Wright and paintings by Mary Cassatt and Edward Hopper . A Gutenberg Bible from the 1450s and an illuminated manuscript of Chaucer 's Canterbury Tales are among the library 's gems . $ 20 . Travel + Leisure : The best apps and websites for travelers Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum , East Lansing , Michigan College towns offer more than beautiful campuses , tradition-rich bars and football . Many can also brag about world-class art collections . Case in point : Michigan State University 's new Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum . It 's the first-ever university building designed by Pritzker Prize -- winner Zaha Hadid and only her second project in North America . The corrugated stainless steel and glass facade juts sharply like a ship -- or perhaps more accurately a spaceship -- run aground . While the collection is primarily contemporary , the curators included some classic works to better contextualize the newer acquisitions . So you can expect Old Master paintings , 19th-century American paintings and 20th-century sculpture , along with artifacts from ancient Greece , Rome and the pre-Columbian Americas . Free ; broadmuseum.msu.edu . Parrish Art Museum , Water Mill , New York Low-slung and shedlike , with its corrugated tin roof and parallel 615-foot slabs of poured concrete , Eastern Long Island 's newest art museum features a style that might be called Modern Agricultural . Surrounded by a meadow of tall grasses on the long road to Montauk , the museum is a minimalist stunner that 's perfectly suited to its surroundings : The long horizontal space speaks both to the uninterrupted horizons of the region 's famed beaches and to the unfussy simplicity that first attracted artists like Jackson Pollock , Lee Krasner and Willem de Kooning . Inside , under an ever-changing glow from skylights above , the collection honors the generations of artists who called this area home , such as American Impressionist William Merritt Chase and mid-century realist Fairfield Porter . In 2014 , it won Swiss firm Herzog & de Meuron a T+L Design Award for best museum . $ 10 ; parrishart.org . Shelburne Museum , Shelburne , Vermont Most art collectors limit purchases to what they can hang on the walls or set on their mantelpieces . But sugar heiress Electra Havemeyer Webb had grander plans . After amassing Hudson River School landscapes , quirky folk art , quilts , decoys , toys and circus posters , Webb decided she needed somewhere to put it all . So she set out doing what she did best : collecting . From across New England and New York , Webb gathered 18th - and 19th-century structures -- houses , barns , a schoolhouse , a jail , a general store , a lighthouse and a steamboat -- and set them up on 45 acres of farmland near Lake Champlain , where she founded the Shelburne Museum in 1947 . More than 150,000 pieces are on display and more accessible than ever ; The 2013 opening of the Pizzagalli Center for Art and Education allowed the formerly seasonal Shelburne to stay open year-round . $ 22 . Chinati Foundation , Marfa , Texas The Chinati Foundation is massive by design . Fed up with the cramped galleries of New York City and the need to constantly rotate exhibits , minimalist sculptor Donald Judd decamped to this tiny former railroad stop in the Chihuahuan Desert in 1971 . Nearly 200 miles from an airport and surrounded on all sides by scrub grasslands , Marfa is blessed , above all else , with space . Judd teamed with the Dia Foundation to transform a decommissioned army base into the 340-acre arts compound . Here and in a number of buildings downtown , works are given room to breathe . A hundred of Judd 's trademark aluminum boxes fill two old brick artillery sheds ; Dan Flavin 's light installations occupy six barracks ; Richard Long 's volcanic stone pieces sit on an old tennis court ; and John Chamberlain 's painted steel sculptures are in the Marfa Wool and Mohair Building . $ 25 , full collection tour . Travel + Leisure : The world 's coolest museum gift shops Bainbridge Island Museum of Art , Bainbridge Island , Washington Opened in June 2013 in the waterfront town of Bainbridge Island , BIMA is just a five-minute walk from the ferry terminal that brings passengers across Puget Sound from Seattle . But BIMA 's curators are n't concerned with any big-city competition . They 've honed in with a laser-like focus on contemporary fine arts and crafts from a very small radius : the Kitsap and Olympic peninsulas and the Western Puget Sound region . It 's all on view in a dazzling glass building that reflects the region 's eco-friendly spirit . With its rooftop garden , recycled-denim insulation , solar panels , geothermal wells and sustainable tigerwood siding , BIMA is on track to become the first LEED Gold -- certified museum in the state -- and among the first in the nation . Free ; biartmuseum.org . Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art , Bentonville , Arkansas Casting her curatorial net  and considerable wealth  far and wide , Alice Walton gathered centuries of exceptional American art , from the Colonial era up to the present . The works by Gilbert Stuart , John Singer Sargent , Andy Warhol and Jackson Pollock , to name just a few , would make any big city proud . But Walton set her project in a place critically underserved by cultural institutions , the Ozarks town of Bentonville , where Sam Walton opened his first five and dime . Designed by Israeli-American architect Moshe Safdie with an eye toward connecting with the landscape , the museum is made up of eight interconnected galleries built in and around spring-fed pools , surrounded by forests , ravines and miles of hiking trails . It helped inspire the opening of 21c , a nearby art-filled boutique hotel with a locavore restaurant . Free ; crystalbridges.org . Mass MoCA , North Adams , Massachusetts The repurposed 19th-century brick buildings that make up Mass MoCA 's 13-acre campus are forever linked with northwestern Massachusetts ' industrial heritage . These buildings housed textile manufacturers , then Sprague Electric Company , which produced parts for the atomic bomb and the Gemini spacecraft . When Sprague left in 1985 , the site was historically significant but unwieldy -- a superfund contamination site also listed on the National Register of Historic Places . The director of the Williams College Museum of Art came looking for a raw space for larger-than-life installations . After more than a decade of renovations , Mass MoCA opened in 1999 . Now artist residencies mean that works of art -- visual , music , dance , film , theater -- are being created on the very same floors where forward-thinking advances have been developed for 150 years . $ 15 . See more of America 's best small town museums here .	Small towns are the very places that have inspired generations of artists Enjoy their art in museums located in small towns around the country An avant-garde museum calls a Gulf Coast beach town home Repurposed 19th-century brick buildings now display art in Massachusetts
CNN  -- Despite the steady drum-beat of economic news , therapists say money is still one of the most taboo subjects for American families . Keli Lauric , 30 , and her grandmother , Evelyn Gloer , 79 , view money based on life experience . "  It 's easier to talk about sex than it is to talk about money in our societies , " says Dr. Nancy Molitor , a psychologist in Illinois . And that 's too bad , because all of us have something to learn from each other , says Molitor . Often , generations seem like they 're speaking different languages when it comes to saving and spending money . Older people tend to save , while younger generations wrestle with the fallout from overspending . Experts say people 's spending habits often reflect the environment in which they grew up . To find out how families view money during the economic recession , CNN.com sat down with two multigenerational families . The four-generation Merriweather family worries its younger members may have been spoiled by the economic high tide of the 1990s and early 2000s . Marvin Merriweather , 65 , says a person 's spending habits are derived from life experience . If your life was hard , you save ; if you 've got it made , you tend to spend , he says . Watch the Merriweather family talk about money " "  I think a lot of the fault falls to us as the older generation by not teaching -LSB- financial skills -RSB- , because we try so hard to make it better for our children . " The three-generation Gloer family says families need to remember to lean on each other during the hard times . "  Life 's what you make it . I still say that , " says Evelyn Gloer , 79 . "  I mean , you do n't have to be rich to have a happy home . " Olivia Mellon , a money coach who organizes multigenerational family retreats to talk about spending , says older generations are more inclined to hoard money because they 've lived through difficult times . Now , "  we have a culture of addictive overspenders , " she says . But , with the recession , there are signs spending habits are trending back toward the Depression era , she says . "  Some people are getting much more frugal and much more risk-averse , " Mellon says . Keli Lauric , Gloer 's 30-year-old granddaughter , says she spent her money freely in her 20s , living in New York . Now in Atlanta , Georgia , she owns two houses because she ca n't find a way to sell or rent one of them . Like many people , she 's had to cut back . The recession has "  made everyone realize you have to live on a budget all the time , even when times are good , " she said . Dr. April Benson , a psychologist and author of books on compulsive spending , said this is a good time for families to bond over experiences instead of purchases . Molitor , the family therapist , said many Baby Boomers grew up with a sense of entitlement about money . Now , many of them are terrified because they may have to put off retirement because their savings accounts dwindled as markets fell . Older generations tend to save more , she said . Many avoid credit because they remember hard times after the Great Depression . iReport.com : What have you learned from past generations ? Families can use the economic recession as a chance to band together and learn from each other , she says . "  This is an opportunity . As much as this is very painful , many people are actually using this as a challenge and they 're actually rising above this , " she says . Molitor said children should be involved in financial planning from an early age . At about age 8 , they should be able to understand if the family is under financial stress , so it 's best to see what they can contribute . Dr. Barbara Lips , on the other hand , says children should be involved in financial planning , but should not be made aware of family money problems at a young age . "  If -LSB- children -RSB- have a sense that mom and dad are OK then they are OK , " says Lips , a psychologist in Iowa . "  Mom and dad being OK really is their sense of security . " Molitor says she 's seen a wave of families come to her to talk about money and the stress it 's causing them . Often , what they need is to talk to each other , says Molitor . The Gloer family agrees . Melanie Burns , Evelyn 's 53-year-old daughter , says families should band together in hard times . "  That 's what family 's for ... We 're here to support each other if we need it . " "  Right , when somebody falls down we pick them up , " Evelyn Gloer responded .	Therapists say money is still more taboo in American families than sex Generational differences and life experiences can shade a person 's view of money Older generations tend to save more ; younger people tend to rely on credit Experts say generations can learn from each other during recession
CNN  -- It 's a big day at track and field , topped by the always exciting men 's 1,500-meter final . In other notable events , several athletes say farewell to the London Games while others look for one more shot at glory . Here are five things to look for Tuesday at the 2012 London Games : 1 . Women 's gymnastics floor : Wieber 's last chance Jordyn Wieber of the United States did n't have a chance for an all-around gold , but Tuesday she could medal in her last event of these Games . She takes part in the floor competition , where she scored a 15.000 during the team competition . Her teammate Aly Raisman also has podium hopes and comes into the event having scored the best marks in the event at the London Olympics . Phelps : "  I 'm done with swimming " Event begins at 4:23 p.m. London time  11:23 a.m. ET 2 . Men 's 1,500 meters : Could be a Kenyan sweep Kenyan Asbel Kiprop , who won the 1,000 meters in Beijing at age 19 , has run the best time in the world this year , but will be tested by countrymen Silas Kiplagat and Nixon Chebseba . Also keep an eye on Algeria 's Taoufik Makhloufi , who was reinstated after the governing body of track and field originally had expelled him from the Games for failing to race hard in his 800-meter heat . A doctor 's note convinced the IAAF that Makhloufi has a knee injury . From war child to Olympics star Event begins at 9:15 p.m. London time  4:15 p.m. ET 3 . Men 's soccer : Final four time One Japanese team is already in a football final , now the men hope to equal the women 's side , with a win over Mexico in the Olympic semifinals . Giovani dos Santos is the top offensive threat for Mexico , which entered the tournament as one of the medal favorites . Brazil faces South Korea in the other match . Brazil has scored three goals in each of its four wins , and is led by Neymar , one of the most exciting young players in the world . Dramatic win for U.S. women in soccer Mexico plays Japan at 5 p.m. London time  noon ET  while the South Korea-Brazil match starts at 7:45 p.m. London time  2:45 p.m. ET 4 . Beach volleyball : Can top-ranked team spring an upset ? Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh Jennings made news at this tournament when they lost a set . Not a match , a set . The two-time defending champs face Zhang Xi and Xue Chen of China , the top-ranked team in the world , in one contest . Despite the Chinese pair 's ranking , most experts are picking the U.S. greats to win . In the other match , Brazil 's Juliana and Larissa , second in the world ratings , will play Americans April Ross and Jennifer Kessy . Women 's semifinals begin at 6 p.m. London time  1 p.m. ET 5 . Men 's Cycling : Keirin on Chris Hoy of Great Britain wants to wrap up his Olympic track cycling career by defending his title in the keirin and breaking a British mark for golds . Hoy is tied with rower Steve Redgrave for a Team GB record five gold medals . Keirin events feature six racers being paced for 5 1/2 laps then sprinting for 2 1/2 laps on the velodrome track . Crashes in final curve are not uncommon as the pack heads for the finish line . The final is scheduled for 5:57 p.m. London time  12:57 p.m. ET	Gymnastics has four finals , including the women 's floor competition Any one of three Kenyan men could take 1,500-meter final Neymar seeks to add to growing fame , lead Brazil to men 's football final Chris Hoy aims to become Britain 's top gold medal winner of all time
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Chiquita Brands International faces a $ 7.86 billion lawsuit filed Wednesday on behalf of nearly 400 Colombian families who say the company should be held responsible for the "  torture and murder " of their loved ones . With a map of alleged victims , Jonathan Reiter makes his case Wednesday at a New York news conference . Attorney Jonathan Reiter said his clients are seeking "  damages for terrorism , war crimes ... and wrongful death . " The plaintiffs are asking for $ 10 million in compensatory damages and $ 10 million in punitive damages for each of the 393 victims named in the suit . Earlier this year , Chiquita , as part of a plea agreement , admitted that what it called protection payments had been given to Autodefensas Unidas de Colombia , or AUC . AUC was named a terrorist organization by the United States in 2002 , making it a crime to give them money . The lawsuit alleges Chiquita 's interaction with the paramilitary group went further than the payments -- it accuses the company of facilitating shipments of arms to the group . "  They conspired with the AUC , aided and abetted them in a far-reaching conspiracy and plan to control every aspect of banana growing , distribution and sale , " Reiter said . The attorney said one couple refused to sell their banana farm "  for pennies " and were killed by AUC in 2001 , and other murder victims had been directed to "  sell their bananas only to Chiquita . " The families filing the suit will remain anonymous because of fear of reprisals in their home country , he said . "  The principle upon which this lawsuit is brought is that when you put money into the hands of terrorists , when you put guns into the hands of terrorists , then you are legally responsible for the atrocities , the murders and the tortures that those terrorists commit , " Reiter said . Responding to the allegations Wednesday afternoon , the company said , "  Chiquita Brands International categorically denies the allegations made by these attorneys . We reiterate that Chiquita and its employees were victims and that the actions taken by the company were always motivated to protect the lives of our employees and their families . " Chiquita 's director of communications , Michael Mitchell , went on to say , "  Our company had been forced to make protection payments to safeguard our workforce . It is absolutely untrue for anyone to suggest that these payments were made for any other purpose . " Mitchell said the company will fight the allegations . "  Chiquita has already been the victim of extortion in Colombia . We will not allow ourselves to become extortion victims in the United States . " In the March plea agreement , Chiquita Brands International agreed to pay a $ 25 million fine for the payments made by the company 's former banana-producing subsidiary in Colombia . During a government investigation , the company admitted to making payments to AUC even after outside counsel told the company those payments were illegal and should stop immediately . E-mail to a friend	Attorney : Clients allege terrorism , war crimes , wrongful death , seek $ 7.86 billion Plaintiffs want $ 20 million in damages for each of 393 victims named in suit Chiquita admits paying a group that the U.S. labeled a terrorist organization Company "  categorically denies " attorneys ' allegations , says it will fight them
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- New clashes erupted in eastern Ukraine as the divided country prepared for presidential elections this weekend , raising the question of whether pro-Russian forces sought to disrupt the vote in a move that the United States and its European allies say would trigger tougher sanctions on Moscow . Russian President Vladimir Putin said Friday that his government would respect the will of the Ukrainian people in Sunday 's vote , but added Russia would closely monitor events . In a speech to an international economic forum in Saint Petersburg , Putin also warned of a "  dangerous civil war " underway in Ukraine following what he called a "  state coup " carried out "  with support of the West , the United States " that ousted the country 's pro-Russian leader earlier this year . Latest fighting At least 32 people were killed and 44 injured in clashes between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian separatists in the Luhansk region , according to the country 's anti-terror office spokesman , Vladislav Seleznev . The clashes took place Thursday afternoon and lasted for a few hours , Seleznev told CNN on Friday . A total of 30 pro-Russian separatists and two Ukrainian soldiers were among the dead , while the injured included 37 separatists and seven Ukrainian soldiers , Seleznev said . Ukraine 's defense ministry reported on its website that 20 separatists died in the Luhansk clash , with more than 30 wounded . The reports could not be independently confirmed , and some previous casualty claims by Ukrainian sources have proven unreliable . On Friday , pro-Ukrainian militias heading to shut down a pro-Russian checkpoint in Donetsk region came under attack , according to a regional Ukrainian authority and the chief of staff of one of the groups called the Right Sector . The Donetsk regional authority said one person died and nine were wounded , while the Right Sector official said four pro-Ukrainian fighters got trapped and may have been killed or captured . There were no further details on the affiliations of the casualties , and the reports also could not be independently confirmed . Sunday 's election will choose a successor for ousted pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych in the country riven by Russia 's takeover of the Crimea Peninsula and aggression blamed on pro-Russian factions in some eastern regions of the country that have ethnic Russian populations . Valentyn Nalyvaychenko , the head of Ukraine 's security service , said Friday that no military operations were planned for the election . But alternative secure voting places would be arranged for some people in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions because of the separatist threat . Showdown The Ukraine crisis has created a showdown between Putin and Western allies over what U.S. President Barack Obama calls Russia 's illegal expansionist moves . Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel recently said disruption of the Ukraine vote by Russia would bring further sanctions targeting specific sectors of the Russian economy . So far , U.S. and European sanctions have targeted individuals and some banks and other entities . On Friday , Putin reiterated Russia 's assertion that according to Ukraine 's Constitution , the ousted Yanukovych remains the nation 's legitimate president . He also questioned whether the election should be held now , given the current violence in eastern Ukraine . According to Russian state media , Deputy Foreign Minister Alexei Meshkov said Friday that Russia would decide whether or not to recognize the Ukraine vote only after it takes place . "  Let 's wait for the elections first . Naturally , when Russia considers this issue  on legitimacy  we will take into account all factors , " the official ITAR-Tass news agency quoted Meshkov as saying . The latest violence extended increased unrest in recent weeks in eastern Ukraine , which includes areas with ethnic Russian populations loyal to Moscow instead of the Ukrainian government in Kiev . After the Russian takeover of Crimea , Putin massed an estimated 40,000 or more Russian troops near the border with eastern Ukraine . This week , he said those forces were starting to withdraw , as called for by Obama and NATO allies . On Friday , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said the United States has seen small numbers of Russian troops withdrawing back to their garrisons or home bases from the border region . Kirby described those numbers as "  not great " and said tens of thousands of Russian troops remained near the border . According to Kirby , it was "  too soon for us to say this is the wholesale withdrawal " of troops that Putin indicated he had ordered . Donetsk violence The Donetsk violence on Friday involved an effort by pro-Ukrainian militias to take down a pro-Russian checkpoint near Karlivka , according to Right Sector Chief of Staff Andriy Denysenko . The pro-Ukrainian forces came under attack by separatists and were forced back to a Ukrainian military checkpoint , Denysenko told CNN . Four of the pro-Ukrainian militia fighters got trapped in a cafe and were presumed by pro-Ukrainian militias to be dead or captured , he said . According to the Donetsk state administration , the battle left one person dead and nine injured . Disturbances also were reported Friday in Slovyansk , a stronghold for the separatists in the eastern Donetsk region . A CNN team in Slovyansk heard about 10 explosions in what sounded like the outskirts of the town , following shelling overnight around a militant barricade . The self-declared mayor of Slovyansk , Vyacheslav Ponomaryov , has said that anyone who tries to vote in the presidential election will be arrested . On Friday , Ponomaryov showed a CNN crew missile launchers known as man-portable air defense systems  MANPADS  that he said were obtained on the black market in the 1990s and now could be used on Ukrainian military aircraft in the event of civil war . Matt Schroeder from the Small Arms Survey , an independent expert who saw CNN images of the weapons , confirmed they were for use with surface-to-air , shoulder-launched , heat-seeking missiles . However , Schroeder said he was unable to tell from the images what model they were and if they were functional . In another indication of the heightened tensions , Ukraine 's Border Service said Friday that its guards had thwarted another attempt by armed men to illegally bring weapons and ammunition over the border from Russia . Attacks on media Meanwhile , the Organization for Cooperation and Security in Europe released a report Friday that detailed a deterioration of media freedom in Ukraine . Dunja Mijatovic , the group 's representative on media freedom , said she was "  alarmed by the rapidly deteriorating conditions and climate for the media . " The 14-page report on events from last November 28 until Friday cited more than 300 cases of attacks on journalists including killings , kidnappings , detentions and acts of intimidation , as well as cases of equipment being confiscated and destroyed . "  The on-going attacks on journalists are nothing short of gross and severe violations of fundamental human rights , " Mijatovic said . "  Journalists are deliberately targeted for doing their job , trying to tell the outside world of the events that is taking place in Ukraine . " In his remarks to business leaders , Putin said he was "  optimistic " the crisis in Ukraine could be resolved . He defended Moscow 's recent disputed annexation of Crimea , saying its action had prevented violence there and ensured the "  possibility of free will for the people " who chose to join Russia in a democratic referendum . The United States and its European allies have refused to recognize the Crimea annexation , saying it remains an unresolved issue in their demand for Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity to be respected . Unpaid gas bill Putin also said Russia had tried to help Ukraine in its difficult economic situation , but that Kiev must pay off the hefty arrears owed to Russian energy giant Gazprom for natural gas . "  The risks today of delivery of the gas supply are not our fault but quite honestly , everyone understands that this is because of the transit country Ukraine , which has abused its situation , " he said . "  We provided Ukraine with 10 billion cubic meters of gas for free , " he added . "  This is not sensible ; this is really stupid , and we must have limits . " Asked if he could work with a Ukrainian government led by Petro Poroshenko , a billionaire businessman and seasoned politician seen as a front-runner in Sunday 's election , Putin joked that he could -- if Ukraine pays the $ 3.5 billion it owes . Kiev and European Union leaders have urged Russia not to use the energy supply as a weapon . Putin also called for dialogue between Russia and the United States over the crisis in Ukraine , suggesting Washington had not taken Russia 's interests into account until now . He was critical of the sanctions imposed on Russia by the West , warning that they would have a "  boomerang " effect and hurt the United States and the European Union . The Russian President also suggested the U.S. sanctions could be a ploy to give American companies a competitive advantage in Europe . Some Russian troops at Ukraine border may be ` packing up ' Prince Charles draws fire for reportedly comparing Putin to Hitler Journalist Victoria Butenko and CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Jim Sciutto and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report , which was written by CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark in London and Tom Cohen in Washington .	NEW : Pentagon official says small number of Russian troops pulling back from border Clashes reported in eastern Ukraine as election approaches Russia 's President warns of civil war in Ukraine ; says he will respect voters ' will Separatists and pro-Ukrainian militants clash near town of Karlivka
CNN  -- It 's hard to believe , but TV veteran Bob Newhart has just snagged his very first Emmy . Newhart , 84 , has been nominated seven times throughout his 52-year career , and on Sunday night he finally won at the Primetime Creative Arts Emmys . He was named Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series for his work on CBS ' "  The Big Bang Theory . " He appeared as Professor Proton , the former host of a kids ' science show , on an episode in May . "  They wrote an awful good script , " Newhart said of his "  Big Bang Theory " colleagues . "  They gave me a lot of hanging curveballs and I kept swinging at them . " The swinging paid off . When he was honored on Sunday with his first Emmy statue , Newhart humbly told reporters backstage that he "  was totally unprepared for that , " according to Entertainment Weekly . Given the breadth and impact of his career -- from "  The Bob Newhart Show " of the early '60s and '70s to "  Newhart " in the '80s and the short-lived "  Bob " in the '90s -- it 's curious how Newhart managed to go this long without a prior win . "  The best answer to that really is whenever I was nominated , there were better people in the category than me , " the star told Entertainment Weekly . "  That 's the truth . The best person wins . That 's the way it is . " The Primetime Creative Arts Emmys usually honor the people behind the shows in addition to talent like guest stars ahead of the televised Primetime Emmy Awards ceremony . "  The great thing about  the honor  is that you 're voted on by your peers , and that 's very important , " Newhart told CNN on Sunday , moments before his big win . As for what 's next , Newhart is working on reprising his "  Big Bang Theory " role this season and , if he can help it , a number of gigs after that . "  I 'm trying to drop dead on a soundstage , " the 84-year-old told CNN . "  That 's really my ultimate goal -- to just keel over in the middle of a show . " The 2013 Creative Arts Emmys will air on September 21 at 8 p.m. PT on FXX , followed by the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards on September 22 at 8 p.m. ET on CBS . CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Bob Newhart won his first Emmy on Sunday The TV veteran earned it for his work on "  The Big Bang Theory " He complimented the comedy 's writers for "  an awful good script " The "  great thing " about the award is that it 's peer-voted , Newhart said
CNN  -- A November 10 execution date was set Wednesday for John Allen Muhammad , convicted in a series of sniper-style shootings that terrorized the Washington area in 2002 . John Allen Muhammad , pictured in 2004 , was convicted in the 2002 murder of Dean Harold Meyers . Prince William County , Virginia , Circuit Judge Mary Grace O'Brien set the date at a teleconference hearing Wednesday , according to the Web site of Muhammad 's attorney , Jonathan Sheldon . Prosecutors had requested a November 9 execution date . That date is a Monday , Sheldon wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  I pointed out that while I did not necessarily object to Monday , Nov. 9 , executions are usually scheduled for Thursdays , and that often unpredictable events occur the day before an execution requiring action by the courts or governor , or others , " he wrote . "  I asked that the execution be on a Tuesday so that government offices would be open the day prior to the execution . The -LSB- attorney general -RSB- did not object to this and the judge stated that it was a good idea . " On the Web site , Sheldon said he will file an appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court in October and ask Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine for clemency . Muhammad , 48 , was convicted in the murder of Dean Harold Meyers at a Manassas , Virginia , gas station . Meyers was killed by a single bullet , which became the signature of the two-person sniper team . During a three-week period in October 2002 , Muhammad and his young protege , Lee Boyd Malvo , shot 13 people , killing 10 of them , police said . The two also are suspected in other shootings , including ones in Tacoma , Washington ; Montgomery , Alabama ; and elsewhere in the Washington metro area . Muhammad was convicted in the Meyers killing and in a murder in Maryland . Prosecutors called the second conviction "  insurance " in case the Virginia conviction was overturned . Malvo was convicted in one of the Virginia shootings and sentenced to life in prison . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Defense lawyer : Judge sets November 10 execution date for John Allen Muhammad Attorney says he 'll file appeal for convicted sniper with U.S. Supreme Court in October Muhammad and protege Lee Boyd Malvo killed 10 people in 2002 , police say Muhammad faces execution in Virginia death , also convicted in Maryland killing
CNN  -- A top U.S. evangelical leader is accusing Sen. Barack Obama of deliberately distorting the Bible and taking a "  fruitcake interpretation " of the U.S. Constitution . James Dobson says Barack Obama is distorting bibical teachings to fit "  his own confused theology . " In comments aired on his radio show Tuesday , Focus on the Family founder James Dobson criticized the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee for comments he made in a June 2006 speech to the liberal Christian group Call to Renewal . In the speech , Obama suggested that it would be impractical to govern based solely on the word of the Bible , noting that some passages suggest slavery is permissible and eating shellfish is disgraceful . "  Which passages of scripture should guide our public policy ? " Obama asked in the speech . "  Should we go with Leviticus , which suggests slavery is OK and that eating shellfish is an abomination ? Or we could go with Deuteronomy , which suggests stoning your child if he strays from the faith ? Or should we just stick to the Sermon on the Mount ? "  So before we get carried away , let 's read our Bible now , " Obama said , to cheers . "  Folks have n't been reading their Bible . " He also called Jesus ' Sermon on the Mount "  a passage that is so radical that it 's doubtful that our Defense Department would survive its application . " In the comments aired Tuesday , Dobson said Obama should not be referencing antiquated dietary codes and passages from the Old Testament that are no longer relevant to the teachings of the New Testament . Listen to Dobson blast Obama 's biblical interpretations " "  I think he 's deliberately distorting the traditional understanding of the Bible to fit his own world view , his own confused theology , " Dobson said , adding that Obama is "  dragging biblical understanding through the gutter . " Responding to Dobson 's comments Tuesday evening , Obama sharply disputed the suggestion he was distorting the Bible . "  Someone would be pretty hard pressed to make that argument , " he told reporters aboard his campaign plane . "  It is a speech that affirms the role of faith not just in my life but in the life of the American people , that suggests that we make a mistake by trying to push faith out of the public square . " "  I do make the argument that it 's important for folks like myself , who think faith is important , that we try to translate some of our concerns into universal language so we can have open and vigorous debate rather than having religion divide us , " Obama said . "  And I do suggest that the separation of church and state is important . But there 's no , no theological work being done in that speech in terms of the Bible . " Joshua DuBois , Obama 's national director of religious affairs , said the Illinois senator is "  committed to reaching out to people of faith and standing up for American families . " "  A full reading of his 2006 Call to Renewal speech shows just that , " DuBois said . "  Obama is proud to have the support of millions of Americans of faith and looks forward to working across religious lines to bring our country together . " DuBois had earlier called Focus on the Family to suggest a meeting with the group ahead of the Democratic Party 's convention in late August , according to Tom Minnery , the organization 's senior vice president for government and public policy . Minnery would n't say whether any such meeting is planned but said the group is open to it . Dobson also takes aim at Obama for suggesting in the speech that those motivated by religion should attempt to appeal to broader segments of the population by not just framing their arguments around religious precepts . "  Democracy demands that the religiously motivated translate their concerns into universal rather than religion-specific values , " Obama said . "  It requires their proposals be subject to argument and amenable to reason . " Dobson said the suggestion is an attempt to lead by the "  lowest common denominator of morality . " "  Am I required in a democracy to conform my efforts in the political arena to his bloody notion of what is right with regard to the lives of tiny babies ? " he asked . "  What he 's trying to say here is , unless everybody agrees , we have no right to fight for what we believe . "  What the senator is saying there , in essence , is that ' I ca n't seek to pass legislation , for example , that bans partial-birth abortion , because there are people in the culture who do n't see that as a moral issue , ' " Dobson said . "  And if I ca n't get everyone to agree with me , than it is undemocratic to try to pass legislation that I find offensive to the Scripture . Now , that is a fruitcake interpretation of the Constitution . " According to Minnery , Dobson was particularly offended by a portion of the speech in which Obama mentioned evangelical leader and the Rev. Al Sharpton . In the speech , Obama said , "  Even if we did have only Christians in our midst , if we expelled every non-Christian from the United States of America , whose Christianity would we teach in the schools ? Would we go with James Dobson 's or Al Sharpton 's ? " In response , Minnery said , "  Many people have called -LSB- Sharpton -RSB- a black racist , and -LSB- Obama -RSB- is somehow equating -LSB- Dobson -RSB- with that and racial bigotry . " Dobson 's comments follow the Obama campaign 's recent efforts to increase its appeal among evangelicals , many of whom have expressed reservations about supporting Sen. John McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee . Dobson himself has said he will not vote for the Arizona senator . Minnery said he does n't expect Obama to make inroads into the reliably Republican voting bloc . "  Evangelicals are people who take Bible interpretation very seriously , and the sort of speech he gave shows that he is worlds away in the views of evangelicals , " he said . Minnery also said Dobson will probably continue his criticism of Obama . "  Given our fact that religion seems to be such a relevant topic in this election again , we will defend the evangelical view vigorously , " he said .	NEW : Obama fires back at Dobson , clarifies what he said in speech Obama camp offers to meet with Focus on the Family Dobson says Sen. Obama is "  dragging biblical understanding through the gutter " Obama has "  a fruitcake interpretation of the Constitution , " Dobson says
CNN  -- Rick Garlick could n't get his hotel Internet to work for more than an hour on Monday night . And Garlick is well aware that he 's not alone in experiencing frustration with hotel Internet service . The quality of Internet service remains the top problem experienced by hotel guests , and it has the biggest impact on customer satisfaction , according to the J.D. Power 2013 North America Hotel Guest Satisfaction Index Study released Wednesday . Garlick is J.D. Power 's global travel and hospitality practice lead , and he needed the Internet to work on the study . "  The Internet is the modern day hotelier 's biggest challenge without question , " said Garlick . "  Lots of hotels do n't offer good Internet connectivity . " Of the 20 % of guests who had a problem with their hotel stay , nearly one-third reported a problem with the Internet . If a guest experienced problems connecting to the Internet -- regardless of whether they were charged separately or it was included in the price of their rooms -- that guest 's hotel satisfaction dropped an average of 133 points . Despite complaints about the Internet or other issues , hotel guests are happier than they 've been in years . Some 80 % of guests do n't complain at all , the study shows , and hotel guest satisfaction increased to the highest levels in seven years , an average of 777 on a 1,000-point scale . That 's up 20 points from 2012 . And the top rated airline is ... The study ranks eight hotel categories by seven factors . The Ritz-Carlton came in first place among luxury brands , while Kimpton Hotels ranked highest in the "  upper upscale " category . Hyatt Place ranked tops in the "  upscale " category . Holiday Inn  midscale full service  , Drury Hotels  midscale  , Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham  economy/budget  , Homewood Suites  upper extended stay  and TownePlace Suites  extended stay  each came in first place in their categories . Airports where the architecture soars Focus on the personal touch A hotel 's personal touch also counts , said Garlick . Guests who interact with four or more different types of staff  excluding check-in  report the highest overall satisfaction  856 on a 1,000 point scale  . Satisfaction drops to 724 points -- 53 points below the industry average -- when guests did n't interact with anyone besides check-in staff . "  With self-service check in and mobile check-in , there 's a presumption that if you can avoid people and the interaction , you 're creating a better experience , " said Garlick . "  Overall , we see that 's not the case . The more interactions you have on property , the better you feel about the experience . " Check in : World 's best airport hotels What can guests do ? Think about what you want and need in a hotel and do online research to figure out which hotels will satisfy those wants and needs . It turns out the most satisfied guests , just 7 % in this study , turn out to be those who research their trips using online hotel review sites and use information to seek out hotels they like . Those folks -- categorized in the study as scrutinizers -- report guest satisfaction at 114 points above the industry average , according to the study . For guests who chose a hotel primarily because of price , satisfaction is significantly lower -- 59 points below average satisfaction . Now in its 17th year , the J.D. Power study measures overall guest satisfaction using these seven factors : reservation ; check-in/check-out ; guest room ; food and beverage  not in the upper extended stay  ; hotel services ; hotel facilities ; and cost and fees . What do you need and want from your hotel ? What is your preferred North American hotel chain ?	Problems with hotel Internet are top concerns Customers who interact with hotel staff report high satisfaction Guests who research their stays ahead of time also enjoy their hotels more
CNN  -- The golf community is rallying around Jason Day after it emerged the Australian lost eight members of his family during the devastation wreaked by Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines . Day , whose mother moved from the Philippines to Australia over 30 years ago , is reported to have lost his grandmother , his uncle and six cousins during the typhoon , which has so far claimed 3,976 lives according to authorities . "  I am deeply saddened to confirm that multiple members of my family lost their lives as the victims of Typhoon Haiyan , " said the world No. 18 in a statement released by the PGA Tour . "  My family and I are thankful for all who have reached out with their prayers and concern . We feel devastated for all who have been affected by this horrific tragedy . " The typhoon struck earlier this month , with 1,598 still unaccounted for across the Philippines . "  While I understand the media 's interest in this matter and hope that any coverage can spread awareness to assist with the relief efforts that continue in the Philippines , I hope that all will respect my family 's privacy during this difficult time , " added Day . "  I will have no further public comments at this time . Please pray for all who have suffered loss . Thank you . " Day is scheduled to play in the World Cup of Golf alongside compatriot Adam Scott , an event which gets underway on Thursday in Melbourne . The duo were practicing at the Royal Melbourne course on Monday and the 26-year old is due to hold a press conference alongside world No. 2 Scott on Wednesday . Day 's mother , Denning , migrated from the Philippines to Australia 30 years ago , with a PGA Tour article reporting she had family in the city of Tacloban , capital of the ravaged Leyte province .	Golfer Jason Day lost eight relatives during Typhoon Haiyan Day reportedly lost his grandmother , his uncle and six cousins during the typhoon The Australian 's mother emigrated from the Philippines over 30 years ago Authorities say typhoon has so far claimed 3,976 lives
CNN  -- A sharp-witted impala in South Africa 's Kruger National Park evaded almost certain death when it came up with a novel escape plan . In the midst of being hotly pursued by a pair of cheetahs , the impala leaped though the open window of an SUV filled with safari tourists . The thrilling chase and bold escape were captured on video by a South African tourist in a companion vehicle . "  We started freaking out , going crazy ; we could n't believe it , we were absolutely dumbstruck , " said 20-year-old Samantha Pittendrigh , who shot the video on July 5 . "  All of a sudden we saw the impala jump out of the bushes and then someone started screaming , ` It is in the car ! It is in the car ! ' "  People in other cars screamed ` Open the door ! Open the door ! ' " One of the passengers in the vehicle did just that . The impala calmly exited the opposite side of the car within seconds of jumping into it . The mystified cheetahs , meanwhile , abandoned the hunt as soon as their prey had bounded into the vehicle . They watched passively from the bushes as the crafty impala bolted to safety in the brush . "  My family are so jealous , " said Pittendrigh . "  In all the years my parents have been going to Kruger Park they have never seen anything like it and we do go regularly . "  It really is a once-in-a-lifetime thing and we managed to be in the right place at the right time . " Read more : School boy 's wildlife-tracking website helps tourists spot big beasts	Quick-witted impala in South Africa evades cheetahs by leaping into an SUV full of tourists Event captured on video by safari tourist Tourist : "  We saw the impala jump out of the bushes then someone started screaming , ` It is in the car ! "
Venice , Italy  CNN  -- Their stare is blank and unblinking ; they stand rigid and dumb . Passers-by look on bemused as a child attempts to clamber up one of their backs . It 's no harm , they are after all just a pair of concrete cows , painted white with cute little black spots . The question is : what do these rock-solid ungulates have to do with the future of architecture ? The answer : more than you imagine . The setting is Venice . I 'm here for the 14th Architecture Biennale , directed on this occasion by Rem Koolhaas -- the Dutch , Pritzker prize-winning powerhouse who , over 40 years , has built notable structures everywhere from Texas to Taipei . This , while maintaining a side-line in serious academia , publishing , journalism and , for good measure , a place on Time magazine 's list of the world 's 100 most influential people . We meet under dappled light in a quiet corner of the Giardini -- a sloping , lovingly tended park , split by a canal and dotted with "  national pavilions " -- miniature exhibition spaces built by each participating country at various intervals since 1893 . Sat in a fresh white shirt without so much as a bead of sweat on his tanned , furrow-less brow , Koolhaas appears remarkably calm for a man who 's just spent the last four years managing this colossal undertaking , often referred to as the "  Olympics of Architecture . " "  What 's unique about the Biennale is that it 's based around these national pavilions ... so you end up with a global tour of ideas , " he says . There are 65 contributing nations this year -- a jump from 55 in 2012 -- including a refreshing dose of non-western first-timers like Mozambique , the Dominican Republic and Morocco . But what are they showing , exactly ? "  Architecture should be open to everything . My whole life has been dedicated to expanding the boundaries of architecture - never considering it a single entity ... Events like the Biennale help to open new possibilities precisely by showing us something other than buildings alone , " explains Koolhaas , whose slim , long physique is at odds with the weighty seriousness of his character . Read more : Astonishing origami exhibit displays dance of art and science This brings us back to those concrete cows . Guarding the entrance to the neoclassic British pavilion , like quaint , toothless lions , the cows are on loan from Milton Keynes -- the last of the post-war British New Towns -- where they 've been serving as unofficial mascots since the mid-70s . They 're the opening gambit of an exhibition that includes a poem by William Blake , a portion of a David Hockney painting and snippets from Stanley Kubrick 's A Clockwork Orange ; much of it infused around electric indigo depictions of the UK 's most iconic housing estates . For a sentimental Brit like me , it 's an exhilarating kaleidoscope of cultural reference points . To echo Koolhaas , it 's also a bold reminder that architecture is -- or at least should be - about a great deal more than blueprints , digital renderings and scale models . "  We must accept that it 's part of a broader culture , " says Dutch architectural historian Wouter Vanstiphout , who co-curated the exhibit alongside British architect Sam Jacob . The pair contend that culture -- from the romantic traditions of the late 19th century , to the sci-fi visions and imagined utopias popular right through the 20th -- has had a significant influence on British architecture over the last 100 years . Read more : 7 of the world 's most beguiling bus stops "  These images and ideas have shaped the way we live . So what we 've really made is an argument -- an argument that the world is something you can change with a fired-up imagination , " says Jacob , in what for a moment feels like a rousing call-to-arms . Like all the national pavilions , the British exhibit is a response to a specific theme , set by Koolhaas , titled "  Absorbing Modernity , 1914-2014 . " Explaining the idea behind this theme , Koolhaas argues  in fact , he tells me it 's more of a "  provocation "  that modern forces -- particularly those of globalism and advancing technology -- have led to a uniform "  international " architecture  glass towers , square blocks and so on  at the expense of more distinctive , traditional styles worldwide . And so it is that as you stroll from pavilion to pavilion , you encounter all manner of colorful explorations riffing on this idea -- mostly characterized , in fact , by each nation 's attempt to show how they are the exception to the rule . Outside the Romanian pavilion , for instance , a small plantation of old-fashioned alarm clocks stand like black sunflowers on long , rigid stalks . It 's an eerily surreal reference to factory life , the clockwork operations of workers , and a precursor to an exploration of the factory as the distinguishing symbol of modernity in Romania . Over in the Dominican Republic , the floor is smothered in a brilliant bright , multi-colored carpet -- conjuring a sense of the Caribbean nation 's vibrant spirit . In contrast , the thrust of the exhibit dwells on the pre-eminence of concrete which , after the catastrophic San Zenon hurricane of 1930 , was obligatory for all new construction . Read more : World 's most stylish supercars take a luxury road trip In this sense , a natural disaster thrust a new mode of architecture onto the island . The result , claim curators Laboratorio de Arquitectura Dominicana , was a distinctive form of modernism -- adapted to the tropical climate with a healthy twist of Dominican flair . Inside the German pavilion there 's a full-size partial replica of the Kanzlerbungalow  Chancellor 's Bungalow  in Bonn -- built by architect Sep Ruf in 1964 . The Kanzlerbungalow was ubiquitous in the West German media during the tenure of the Bonn Republic , and functioned as the "  nation 's living room . " Its airy , forward-looking 60s modernism is worlds apart from the formal grandeur of the pavilion itself , which was built during the era of the German Reich . The result is not only a visceral dialogue between two generations of German architectural history , but a statement about the role of politics in shaping the country 's national style . A hop , skip and jump and we 're in the Russian pavilion -- where the curators have turned the ornate building into a spoof international trade fair . In a playful , tongue-in-cheek turn , 20 fictional companies have set up shop across rows of mock sales stands -- most with a dedicated agent -- offering commercial , distinctly Russian-themed solutions to the problems of contemporary architecture . Read more : Inside the world 's biggest furniture fair A man from "  Estetika Ltd " tries to sell me some ornamental gold decorations -- with an unmistakably Russian diagonal lattice shape - to fix on the front of my building , making it "  instantly Russian . " Nearby there 's "  PrefabCorp " - a hypothetical merger of all existing Russian prefabricated housing suppliers , and "  Ark-Stroy " -- a booth selling above-ground bunkers based on Russian social housing blocks , designed for post-apocalyptic living . "  Trade fairs are the ultimate symbol of modernity " explains co-curator Anton Kalgaev , as he guides me past a series of garish corporate logos . "  They all look exactly the same -- they operate by the most universal language you can imagine . " There 's a great sense of theater here , and underneath is a well-considered comment on both the state of modern architecture and the means by which new ideas are communicated and sold . As Kalgaev says , "  the advantage of using this commercial language to display our exhibit is that it explains complicated things in a very easy way . " The Russian pavilion is perhaps the most direct response to Koolhaas ' theme -- distilling key aspects of the country 's architectural identity into discreet elements . By transforming them into commodities , they also show how facets of our past must be repackaged in a commercial framework in order to survive modernity . Looking back to when he first conceived the idea for this Biennale , Koolhaas says that he was struck by how easy it was , when looking at a series of buildings from a 100 years ago , to identify them by nation . Read more : China 's crop of outrageous new hotel designs Looking at a series of glass towers from around the world today , he says , "  Everyone would agree that there are enormous similarities between them and that it would be reasonably hard to identify any of these in terms of national architecture . " If we are to succeed in finding an antidote to the generic , then looking to our own societies must surely be a critical first step . The Biennale succeeds because it places people -- our history , culture and even our bodies -- at the very heart of its thinking . It may not have all the answers , but it 's certainly asking all the right questions .	The Venice Biennale has been described as the Olympics of Architecture 65 nations have contributed to this year 's showcase Director Rem Koolhaas has dedicated his life to expanding the boundaries of architecture
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia is re-establishing its diplomatic presence in Egypt after tensions briefly spurred the kingdom to pull its envoys and shutter its missions , Egyptian and Saudi state news agencies said Friday . Ambassador Ahmad Kattan is returning to his post in Cairo , and Saudi Arabia 's embassy and consulate will reopen by Sunday , the agencies said . Saudi Arabia called back Kattan and closed its embassy and consulates last Sunday after raucous protests in Cairo over the imprisonment of Ahmed Mohammed el-Gezawi , an Egyptian human rights lawyer . Throngs of Egyptians had gathered in front of the Saudi Embassy last week , calling for the release of el-Gezawi . The decision to pull out Saudi diplomats came after protesters ' "  attempts to storm and threaten the security and safety of its  embassy  employees , " the Saudi Press Agency said . Saudi officials say el-Gezawi is accused of trying to smuggle thousands of pills into the country . The Egyptian Organization for Human Rights say el-Gezawi had been traveling during Umrah , a minor pilgrimage to Mecca , when he was detained . "  What has happened in the recent days of repercussions in the relationship between the two countries is painful to every honorable Saudi and Egyptian citizen , and our decision to recall the ambassador and the closure of the embassy were only to protect its employees from other situations that could have developed with dire consequences , " the Saudi Press Agency said , quoting King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz . "  We will not allow this incidental crisis to prolong . " The protests and the Saudi reaction appear to have again ratcheted up long-standing tensions between the two Middle Eastern nations . The strains can be traced back to 1979 , when the kingdom broke off diplomatic relations after Egypt inked a peace deal with Israel based on the Camp David Accords . The ties were restored in November 1987 . Egypt , the most populous Arab country , has often engaged in "  a subtle competition " with its Saudi counterparts "  over this question of regional leadership , " Cook said . Egypt erupted in protest last year during 18 days of demonstrations in Cairo 's Tahrir Square after similar uprisings in neighboring Tunisia , ultimately ousting Egypt 's longtime president Hosni Mubarak after nearly three decades in power . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report	Saudi Ambassador Ahmad Kattan is returning to Egypt "  We will not allow this incident crisis to prolong , " King Abdullah says The ambassador was pulled after protests in front of the Saudi Embassy
CNN  -- The Bolivian government expelled an Iranian minister to avoid a diplomatic rift with Argentina , the country 's foreign minister said . Iranian Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi is wanted in Argentina for his alleged role in planning the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires in 1994 that killed 85 people . Interpol has issued a "  red notice " for Vahidi , which seeks other governments ' help in detaining him for possible extradition . An Argentine umbrella organization for the Jewish community , DAIA , demanded that the Bolivians arrest Vahidi once they learned of his official visit . Bolivia opted to ask him to immediately leave the country instead . In a letter to his Argentine counterpart , Bolivian Foreign Minister David Choquehuanca said that Bolivia was "  unfortunately unaware " of Vahidi 's history . Bolivia values its relations with Argentina , and acted for that reason , he wrote . Bolivia asked Vahidi "  to immediately abandon Bolivian territory and in this way demonstrate with clarity that Bolivia does not wish to interfere with any legal proceedings that could exist . " The letter did n't address the Interpol notice and why the country had not acted upon it and arrested Vahidi . Vahidi was in Bolivia at the invitation of the country 's defense ministry to attend the inauguration of a military academy for members of the Bolivarian Alternative for the Peoples of Our Americas , or ALBA . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and his allies founded the group a few years ago in an attempt , they said , to counterbalance United States influence in Latin America . Bolivian President Evo Morales also was present at the event . In remarks during his visit to Bolivia , Vahidi said that Iran is prepared to "  deliver a firm response " to any provocations from the United States , the state-run Press TV reported .	Iranian Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi was on an official visit to Bolivia Argentina has an arrest warrant for him He is wanted in connection with a bombing that killed 85 people
CNN  -- A troubled youth who reported inappropriate sexual conduct by a counselor at The Citadel 's now-defunct summer camp told a school lawyer that several other campers had similar encounters , documents released by the military college show . "  It only happened to me one time . I know there are about five other kids that experienced it a few times , " the former camper , whose name is redacted in the documents , told The Citadel 's general counsel Mark Brandenburg in a 2007 interview . In that interview , the then-19-year old described how counselor Louis Neal "  Skip " ReVille had shown boys pornography , masturbated in front of them and pressured them to join him during a summer five years before . The former camper said he gave in to the pressure , only to feel "  completely violated " immediately afterward . "  After that incident , I kind of crossed over to the dark side , " he said , according to a transcript released by The Citadel this week . "  I started doing horribly in school . It led to drug use and you know -- cigarettes , alcohol ... and for the longest time , you know , I just thought it was my fault . " ReVille was arrested in October on charges of molesting at least five children in alleged incidents in the Charleston area , unrelated to The Citadel accusations . According to court documents , he has admitted guilt in at least three cases involving incidents between November 2010 and October 2011 . ReVille 's attorney , Craig Jones Jr. , has said his client is sorry for what he did , according to CNN affiliate WCBD . "  Hopefully the way he 's cooperated , that 's one way he can hopefully show ... do what he can to help the victims to whatever extent he can , " Jones said . "  There 's no way that , obviously , he can repair the damage that 's been done . " The Citadel is now facing questions about why it did n't bring the allegations against him to police at the time the former camper 's family approached school officials with his story . "  I do n't want him to do to another kid what he did to me , " the camper told Brandenburg in 2007 , according to the documents . The school 's president , retired Air Force Lt. Gen. John Rosa , said Monday that the university is "  profoundly sorry " for the way it handled the matter . "  When the family did not pursue the matter , we did not either . We should have , " Rosa said . "  Regardless of whether the law said we were supposed to report or not , we should have reported this . We should have taken more action . " Ex-Citadel counselor long worked with kids And in a written statement , Rosa said Brandenburg tried to contact other people the former camper identified , without success . "  After initial communications were not returned , it was understood they did not want to speak with us , " Rosa said in a written statement . "  However , we should have more aggressively sought out individuals able to shed light on the incident . " Mullins McLeod , a lawyer for the boy 's family , said the family had believed the school would report the allegation to police . "  The father looked up online and saw there was a requirement , he believed , that the institution report it to local local law enforcement , " McLeod said . "  He 's a Citadel alumnus , and he went straight to the president of the college . " The transcript was among hundreds of pages of documents released by The Citadel this week in response to a public-records request . The story has attracted national attention in the wake of the Penn State child sex abuse scandal , which led to the ouster of that university 's president and legendary head football coach Joe Paterno . The Citadel has said a review of ReVille 's records in 2007 revealed no other complaints , and his file included a clean background check . He was a highly respected cadet and denied the accusation , the college said . The former camper came forward a year after the 165-year-old military academy paid $ 3.8 million to settle a lawsuit involving another camp counselor . That counselor , Marine Capt. Michael Arpaio , later served 15 months in prison for sexual abuse . In the Arpaio case , The Citadel said it "  acted immediately to investigate the report " and remove him . Rosa said Monday the school has hired a New York-based security consulting firm to review its handling of the ReVille case and recommend improvements . The former camper said his life had gone into a downward spiral after his encounter with ReVille -- but at the time of his interview , he had earned a high-school diploma , was working a steady job and was considering joining the military . "  I was put in a hole because of what happened . I 've been trying really hard to get myself out of this hole , " he said . According to documents released by The Citadel , when Brandenburg asked him whether he had reported the abuse to police , he replied , "  Well , I 've talked to you . " Brandenburg told him , "  I 'm not a law-enforcement official . I do n't have a badge or anything like that . And my job is to look out after the day-to-day legal well-being , so to speak , of the school . " The Citadel approached ReVille with the allegation , and ReVille denied it , according to an August 2007 memo from Brandenburg . However , Brandenburg noted a previous counselor accused of sexual misconduct had denied allegations against him in an "  equally forceful " manner , and that denial "  ultimately proved false . " The university sent letters to two former cadets who served as camp counselors the same year , but there was no indication in the records that they responded . The Citadel closed the file on the matter in November 2007 , four months after the interview with the former camper . Rosa said the school has shared all information the school had with the Charleston police department , and asked anyone who had other information regarding ReVille to step forward .	NEW : "  I was put in a hole because of what happened , " the former camper said NEW : "  I do n't want him to do to another kid what he did to me , " he told The Citadel 's lawyer A former camp counselor faces at least six criminal counts in another case "  We should have done more , " says Citadel President Lt. Gen. John Rosa
For more than two weeks , satellites , planes and ships have been deployed to scour huge swathes of ocean for clues relating to the mysterious disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 and the 239 people on board . So far , an area covering 2.97 million square miles -- almost the size of the United States -- has yielded some leads but no proof of where the Boeing 777-200 is or what happened to it . In the past week , the spotlight has shifted to an expanse of the Indian Ocean more than 1,500 miles  2,400 kilometers  southwest of Australia , triggered by satellite images showing "  suspicious " objects floating in the water . Chinese plane spots ` suspicious objects ' We look at some of the hardware involved in this difficult search of one of the most inhospitable corners of the planet . Satellites China has had satellite assets deployed in the search for the missing airliner from the early stages of its disappearance -- including the optical earth observation satellite "  Gaofen-1 , " which is responsible for the latest images of "  suspect objects " floating in the southern Indian Ocean . The current southern corridor search was triggered by images from another commercial satellite obtained and analyzed by Australian authorities , but identification by aircraft dispatched to identify the objects turned up nothing . World listens for fading pings NASA has said it will also deploy space-based assets over the Indian Ocean such as the Earth-Observing-1  EO-1  satellite and the remote-controlled ISERV camera on the International Space Station to acquire images of possible crash sites . The resolution of these images could be used to identify objects of about 98 feet  30 meters  or larger . The space-sourced information includes more than images : In the past few days France said data from satellite-generated radar echoes "  identified some debris that could be from the Malaysia Airlines plane . " Radar echoes are electronic signals that are sent out and bounce back if contact is made with an object on the surface . Aircraft Reconnaissance aircraft from Australia , New Zealand , the United States and China are currently involved in the search for , and identification of , this ocean-based debris . P-3 Orion Initially deployed as a Cold War-era submarine hunter in the 1960s , Lockheed 's P-3 Orion is a mainstay of many modern air forces . A number of upgraded variants are being used in the search for MH370 , including the P-3C  U.S. Navy  AP-3C Orion  Royal Australian Air force  , P-3K2 Orion  New Zealand Air Force  and P-3J Orion  Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force The P-3 's long-range , long-loiter capability -- it can remain in the air for up to 16 hours -- has made it the benchmark for maritime patrol aircraft -- and perfect for this type of search . Sophisticated sensors on board the aircraft can detect sound 1,000 feet  304 meters  below the water 's surface , while it can fly just 200 feet  60 meters  above the water . P-8A Poseidon A new addition to the U.S. Navy 's arsenal , the P-8A from Boeing is arguably the world 's most sophisticated anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare aircraft . It is being phased in as the replacement for the P-3 Orion in the U.S. Navy . Built on the reliable Boeing 737 airframe , the Poseidon has a maximum speed of 490 knots , can fly up to 41,000 feet  12,496 meters  and can cover more than 1,200 nautical miles in four hours , according to the U.S. Navy . For the MH370 search , the P-8 will typically fly at 5,000 feet  1,524 meters  , dipping to 1,000 feet to get a closer visual look at objects , the U.S. Navy said . They will typically fly at a speed of 250-270 knots , with a search time of eight to nine hours depending on the distance to the search area . According to the U.S. Navy , the P-8 's advanced radar capabilities allow its crew to recognize and investigate small contacts on the water 's surface . The crew can also use an onboard camera system , as well as a multitude of sensors , to investigate contacts . Ilyushin Il-76 The Chinese Air Force has deployed two Russian-made Il-76 aircraft to join the search . The four-engine , medium-range giant can be used as a commercial freighter or military transporter , able to carry heavy payloads such as vehicles and other outsized cargo via its ramp . It has a maximum speed of 458 knots and a ceiling of 39,370 feet  12,000 meters  . The II-76 also has an Aerial-Delivery System  ADS  for dropping cargo and other equipment while in flight -- something that may be useful if a crash site is found . Get up to speed Surface ships and equipment A Chinese icebreaker -- which was involved in the rescue of a Russian research vessel stuck in the Antarctic ice earlier this year -- has now changed course and is steaming towards the location where the latest debris has been spotted in the southern Indian Ocean . The helicopter-carrying Xuelong -- or Snow Dragon -- is expected to arrive in the search area on Tuesday , and has a "  good knowledge " of the area , Qin Weijia , deputy director of the State Oceanic Administration 's polar expedition office , told China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . Britain 's Royal Navy has also dispatched a coastal survey ship , HMS Echo , to join the search . Launched in 2002 , Echo was designed to carry out a wide range of survey work , including support to submarine and amphibious operations , through the collection of oceanographic and bathymetric -- analysis of the ocean , its salinity and sound profile -- data , according to the Royal Navy . The U.S. Navy 's 7th Fleet has been a major contributor to the search from the get-go , providing ships , aircraft and considerable technical know-how . In addition to air operations , the fleet has deployed surface ships equipped with sophisticated search capabilities . As a precautionary measure in case a debris field is located , the fleet is moving a "  black box " locator into the region -- which would provide a significant advantage in locating the missing aircraft 's own flight data recorder , according to Commander William J. Marks , spokesperson for the 7th Fleet . According to Marks , the "  TPL-25 Towed Pinger Locator System " is able to locate black boxes on downed Navy and commercial aircraft down to a maximum depth of 20,000 feet  6,096 meters  anywhere in the world . The Pinger Locator is towed behind a vessel at slow speeds , generally from 1-5 knots depending on the depth . The tow "  fish " carries a passive listening device for detecting pingers that automatically transmit an acoustic pulse .	The more than two-week search for MH370 has covered an area the size of the U.S. Satellites have been providing images of "  suspicious " surface objects A number of nations have sent reconnaissance aircraft to southern Indian Ocean The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 "  vanished " on March 8 with 239 people on board
CNN  -- The Great Gatsby , the film based on F. Scott Fitzgerald 's 1925 novel , shows the glamorous and decadent lifestyles of fashionable , high society Americans of the Roaring Twenties . Set in the prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922 , the novel portrays the so-called "  flapper " culture , fun-loving young women who wore their hair and their skirts short , listened to jazz music , drank and smoked in public , and were far more sexually liberated than previous generations . Watch : ` The Great Gatsby ' hits Cannes But who were the real women of the Great Gatsby era ? CNN asked actresses Carey Mulligan , Isla Fisher and Elizabeth Debicki , the female stars of Baz Luhrmann 's film , to tell us who gave them inspiration for their characters . Ginevra King A wealthy debutante and Fitzgerald 's first love , Ginevra King is widely believed to be the inspiration for Daisy Buchanan , James Gatsby 's love interest . Fitzgerald met King in 1915 in his hometown of St Paul , Minnesota , when he was a 19-year-old Princeton student home for Christmas vacation and she was a 16-year-old boarding school pupil . Though they dated for two years before both going on to marry other people , Fitzgerald never forgot his first love , who is often described as his muse . In 2003 , Princeton University acquired the letters to Fitzgerald from King 's family , allowing biographers to learn details of their relationship for the first time . Carey Mulligan , who played Daisy Buchanan in "  The Great Gatsby " film , went to Princeton to study the letters while researching her character . "  The way that she writes is absolutely incredible , " Mulligan told CNN . "  Her way with language is so reminiscent of the way that Daisy speaks . She came from a very wealthy family and shared so many biographical -LSB- details -RSB- . " Zelda Sayre Fitzgerald Letters between Fitzgerald and his wife Zelda Sayre Fitzgerald also provided rich material for Mulligan 's research . "  One of my favorite parts of the whole experience was the time just before we started shooting when I got to look at the people who inspired Fitzgerald , " said Mulligan . "  It was amazing to go to Princeton and to get to read letters between Zelda and Scott , and between Ginerva King and Scott , and see where he 'd directly drawn parts of Daisy to put her together . " Zelda , a Southern belle , met Fitzgerald at a country club dance , but was unimpressed with his wealth and status and refused to marry him until his first novel , "  The Side of Paradise " , was published in 1920 . The newly-wed Fitzgeralds became a celebrity couple , known for their partying lifestyle . However , the party was short-lived and in 1930 -- with their marriage crumbling and Fitzgerald suffering from alcoholism -- Zelda was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and admitted to hospital , where she wrote a semi-biographical novel , "  Save Me the Waltz " . Clara Bow Silent film actress Clara Bow was known as the "  it " girl of the Roaring Twenties , after her most famous movie "  It " of 1927 . Despite a poor and unhappy childhood , Bow starred in 38 silent movies . Bow provided inspiration for Gatsby actress Isla Fisher , for her character Myrtle , who has an extramarital affair with Daisy Buchanan 's husband , Tom . "  I was inspired by Clara Bow for Myrtle because I think that 's who she would have wanted to be , " Fisher told CNN . "  Myrtle would  have  loved to have been an actress and she would never have -LSB- had -RSB- the opportunity because of her status . "  I feel like Myrtle is living in her own theatrical world where she 's the star when she is with Tom Buchanan , even though her life is so sad without him . " Louise Brooks Louise Brooks was another great actress of the silent movie era , best known for her films "  Pandora 's Box " and "  Diary of a Lost Girl " , both filmed in Germany in 1929 . Among the first to sport a bobbed haircut , it was Brooks who inspired the Australian actress Elizabeth Debicki , playing "  The Great Gatsby " character Jordan Baker in the film . "  She is just fierce , wonderful , intelligent , and I read a lot about her , " said Debicki . "  She really typified that woman who appeared in the 1920s , completely independent and , like Gatsby , she built herself up , created the image she wanted . "  I had photos of her in my kitchen , everywhere . When I woke up in the morning I would look at Louise Brooks . "	The Great Gatsby portrays glamorous , decadent women of 1920s American society Who were the real women of "  The Great Gatsby " era ? Carey Mulligan , Isla Fisher & Elizabeth Debicki tell CNN who inspired their characters
CNN  -- The Consumer Product Safety Commission is suing the maker of popular high-powered magnet "  desk toys " to get them to stop selling their products , an agency spokesman said Wednesday . The magnets can pierce holes in the intestines , and some children have needed multiple surgeries and lengthy hospitalizations . Since 2009 , there have been at least a dozen ingestions of the magnets in Buckyballs toys . Powerful magnets in toys raise risks from swallowing The commission asked the makers of Buckyballs and Buckycubes to stop selling their products , but they refused , according Scott Wolfson , a spokesman for the federal agency . "  We 're doing this to keep children safe , " Wolfson said . "  We want to prevent future surgeries . " A spokesman for Maxfield & Oberton , the maker of Buckyballs and Buckycubes , said the company "  will fight this vigorously . " "  There are half a billion magnets out there , and unfortunately there are some people who have misused the product , " said Andrew Frank . "  We market these products to adults age 14 and above , and there are warning labels on the product . " There are warning labels to keep the magnets away from children on five places on each box , and in accompanying instructions . A public awareness campaign about magnet safety with videos distributed by the government and a special website  www.magnetsafety.com  was launched several months ago , with the full cooperation of the Consumer Product Safety Commission , the company said . The company 's website also has warnings posted next to the images of the products . "  Obviously the bureaucrats see danger everywhere , and those responsible people -- like our company who have vigorously promoted safety and appropriate use of our products -- gets put out of business by an unfair and arbitrary process , " said Craig Zucker , founder and CEO of Maxfield and Oberton . "  I do n't understand how and why they did this without following their own rules before allowing us to make our case . It almost seems like they simply wanted to put our products and industry out of business . " Magnetic stress relievers called health danger for kids On Friday , Maxfield and Oberton launched a video campaign to help educate consumers about ongoing safety efforts , as well as "  protest the actions of the Consumer Product Safety Commission , " it said in a statement . The video can be viewed on the company 's website as well as the campaign website . Since 2008 , the Consumer Product Safety Commission has received 200 reports of ingestion of magnets of all kinds , Wolfson said . The analysis released Wednesday showed more than 20 ingestions were of high-powered , "  rare earth " magnets . In June , pediatric gastroenterologists met with the Consumer Product Safety Commission and shared the results of an informal survey . Thirty-four physicians reported 82 cases of high-powered magnet ingestions , most in children under age five . Surgery was required in 26 cases to remove the magnets and nearly all required some type of endoscopy procedure . "  We have worked with the company over the years , " Wolfson said . "  We did a recall with them in 2010 . Yet the injuries still happened . In 2011 we worked with them on the education of consumers . Incidents still happened . So we 've reached a point where we really do need to take stronger action , which we 're doing . We 're filing a lawsuit . " Several retailers , including Amazon and Brookstone , have agreed to stop selling the magnets . The Consumer Product Safety Commission rarely files such administrative complaints -- the last time it did was 11 years ago against the maker of BB guns , Wolfson said . "  So many parents do n't know about this hazard , " Wolfson said . "  They buy the products for themselves . Maybe their child gets access to it . Maybe they give it to their child . "  And the parents just need to know that two or more magnets are swallowed by a child , even a teenager -- we 've had incidents with both young children and teenagers -- it can get caught in the small intestine , form an infection and then emergency surgery is needed . We want to avoid that . " Wolfson added that the agency is continuing to look at the safety of other brands of small , high-powered "  rare earth " magnets . Meaghin Jordan , whose son swallowed high-powered magnets , said she was "  relieved " to hear about the complaint . When he was almost 2 years old , her son Braylon swallowed eight magnets and spent two months in the hospital , most of that time in intensive care . "  This is wonderful , " she said . "  I 'm very glad they 're taking action . If they ca n't sell them , then no one else can get hurt . " Mattel CEO : ` Rigorous standards ' after massive toy recall CNN 's Karen Caifa contributed to this report .	The CPSC is suing the makers of Buckyballs and Buckycubes Millions of the high-powered magnets have been sold , the company says It 's an unusual move : The CPSC last sued a company 11 years ago The magnets can cause holes in the intestines if ingested
CNN  It was 3:30 in the morning when Robert Alan Black was escorted into Khalifa jail . An American in Abu Dhabi , he found himself frightened even though the other prisoners were sleeping . Movie scenes from "  Midnight Express " and "  Brubaker " swirled through his head . He sat at a table in the common area , waiting for the others to wake , not knowing what the reaction would be to his presence . Black , who has a degree in architecture , three master 's degrees and a doctorate in educational psychology , was in Abu Dhabi , the capital of United Arab Emirates , for October 's Creative Thinkers Conference . He was to present a workshop and emcee the event . On a Tuesday morning , the 70-year-old got up early to take a walk in the neighborhoods near his hotel . An avid photographer , Black took his camera to snap photos of houses and a couple of the mosques he passed . When he left the second mosque , he was approached by a man in uniform . He motioned Black to get into a camouflaged truck . "  I had no idea what he wanted , " Black said , "  but never felt threatened so I got in . " He was driven a short distance to a building with a sign out front that read "  Reception . " He waited about an hour before he was guided back outside and told , "  Do not photograph security areas . " Black asked for clarification , but he was waved away with no further explanation , he said . He decided to continue his walk . A few blocks away , he came upon a sign on a lamppost that said in English , "  Photography Forbidden . " Thinking a photo of the sign would make for a novel Facebook post , he snapped an image . After crossing the road , he was approached by two other uniformed men in a second camouflaged truck and waved into the backseat . He was driven back to "  Reception , " which Black believes was a police station , where his passport , camera and cell phone were seized . Black tried to keep his composure . He was questioned and moved to different rooms , waiting for hours at a time , but the process was civil , he said . No one harmed him in any way . After eight or nine hours at the police station , a man came in and asked him to stand . His hands and feet were shackled and a hood was put over his head . He was escorted to an SUV where his wrists were chained to the floor . After hours more of interrogation , he was driven to the Khalifa jail . When the sun rose that morning , Black was relieved to be greeted with smiles from the other inmates . A few prisoners from the Philippines spoke English . Their conversation revolved around why Black was there and the daily routine at the jail . Later in the day , police took him back to his hotel and allowed him to retrieve his belongings and check out of the hotel . Concerned friends and family called the hotel but could n't obtain any information on his whereabouts . After Black spent about a week in jail , a translator for the prosecutor 's office felt bad about his plight and Googled his name , Black later learned . The translator contacted some of his associates , which is how friends and family members learned what had happened to him . He was quickly transferred to al-Wathba prison , where he met a Syrian in his mid-30s named Kousai . "  All of those who could speak any English were very supportive and helpful " in both the prison and the jail , Black recalled , but Kousai made the most concerted effort . Well-educated , he had a master 's degree in business administration from Florida State University and spoke fluent English . Black called him the cell blocks 's "  den mother . " He was always trying to help and facilitate the needs of the prisoners who came from countries such as Oman , Yemen , Nigeria and Egypt -- all of them foreign workers . Kousai himself had been in prison for six months on an immigration violation . When Black first walked in , Kousai and his roommate , a massive man everyone called "  The Foreman , " offered him an orange drink and crackers . "  The Foreman " did n't speak much English , Black said , but seemed to be in charge of the cell block . Kousai helped Black settle into the facility , making sure he had snacks and arranging for Black to have his prison clothes laundered . In one act of kindness , Kousai was chatting with his wife on the prison phone and asked Black if there was anyone he wanted to contact . Kousai 's wife called Black 's daughter on her cell phone and connected the two on the same phone line . It was the first time that Black had been able to talk to someone outside of the prison or jail . His family finally knew first-hand where he was and what had happened to him . As the weeks dragged on , Black became immersed in prison life . He walked the cell block halls to pass time , often recalling humorous episodes of "  M * A * S * H " and "  Frasier " to buoy his spirits . He and the other prisoners told jokes or talked about funny movies to help inject humor in their otherwise serious world . When he got down about his situation , many of the prisoners would ask him to join their conversations , share cookies and boxed drinks they had bought from the canteen or offer food they had cooked in their cells . If the prisoner did n't speak English , a simple smile or thumbs up was offered . Black was grateful for the acts of friendship , and he made an effort to reciprocate , he said . Meanwhile , Black 's family , friends and colleagues were raising money to hire an Abu Dhabi attorney and working official channels to get Black released . They called themselves FAB , Friends of Alan Black . The U.S. Embassy sent representatives to meet with Black several times while he was at al-Wathba . Many of the prisoners and guards told him he would be out soon , but the days dragged on . He continued to endure the daily routines of incarceration while waiting for his case to go before a judge . Black was the only Westerner in his cell block , though he believes he saw a few others in the prison , he said . Besides a Nigerian man , he was the only Christian . The rest , if they had religious beliefs , were Muslim . Five times a day , the devout would roll out their prayer mats . Black never spoke much about religion with the other inmates , he said , and he never felt any animosity aimed toward him for being a Christian . He had no biases against Muslims , and they had no predispositions about him . In fact , many of the inmates told Black they prayed he would be released soon , he said . On November 17 , almost a month after his arrest , a lawyer pleaded Black 's case before the superior court 's three-judge panel . "  He was very passionate and forceful , " Black said . "  He told the judges that he thought the case was an embarrassment and that I should have been fined and released the first day . " The judges agreed and ruled Black "  not guilty , no intent to do harm . " He was fined 500 dirham , around $ 135 dollars , the minimum fine allowed by the court system . It was later waived because of time served . It took about 28 hours to get fully processed , and Black immediately made his way to the airport and flew back home to Athens , Georgia . Black was grateful about how quickly his case was ultimately resolved , he said . Some of the prisoners he met had been in prison for years , and many still had n't seen their case presented in court . The support of his family and friends was important , Black said , but he considered prisoners such as Kousai his "  angels . " It was their generosity of spirit , humor and kindness that made a bad situation tolerable . The episode reinforced Black 's belief that while differences exist among cultures , in the end "  we are all human beings . " "  Sometimes it takes something like this to show you people will reach out when you need it , " he said . "  It 's important to be open to your emotions and know people care . " Black plans to keep in touch with some of the men he met in prison , he said , and has already Skyped with Kousai , who was recently released and is back in Damascus .	Robert Alan Black was imprisoned in October for taking a photograph in Abu Dhabi At first , he was frightened , but prisoners , most of them Muslim , made him feel welcome One prisoner had his wife call Black 's daughter , so Black could speak to her from prison
Washington  CNN  -- A government agency long associated with efforts to mediate and diffuse tense situations in communities helped organize rallies over the killing of Florida teen Trayvon Martin last year , a conservative leaning legal advocacy group claims . Judicial Watch circulated a press release and accompanying documents on Wednesday asserting that the Community Relations Service , a division of the Justice Department , sent a "  secret team " of "  peacekeepers " to Sanford , Florida , last March and April to work marches , demonstrations and rallies related to the explosive case that is now the subject of a murder trial . Timeline of early events in Trayvon Martin case The Justice Department did not respond to a request for comment . It instead pointed CNN to the 45-year record of CRS , which was created by a provision included in the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . The CRS website describes itself as "  the only federal agency dedicated to assist state and local units of government , private and public organizations , and community groups with preventing and resolving racial and ethnic tensions , incidents , and civil disorders , and in restoring racial stability and harmony . " CRS conciliators are frequently seen at large marches and rallies , and have been present at countless protests , including those that occur every four years at the Democratic and Republican political conventions . Conservative groups have complained that the conciliators are secretive and do not talk to the media . Ex-Sanford police chief : Zimmerman probe ` taken away from us ' The service maintains that it does not choose sides and "  uses impartial mediation practices and conflict resolution procedures to help local leaders resolve problems and restore stability . " Zimmerman , 29 , is accused of second-degree murder in the February 26 , 2012 , death of Martin , 17 . Defense attorneys argue Zimmerman shot Martin in self-defense after the Miami teenager charged him . Prosecutors argue he followed Martin through his neighborhood and shot him without provocation . Martin supporters argued Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , took advantage of what they considered loose Florida gun laws to racially profile and shoot an unarmed African-American teenager without provocation . The incident , inflamed by a lengthy delay before charges were filed against Zimmerman , provoked protests nationwide . Opinion : What about Martin 's right to ` stand his ground ' ?	Justice Department unit worked rallies over Trayvon Martin shooting , Judicial Watch says The Community Relations Service sent a "  secret team " or "  peacekeepers " to Florida , group says CRS long associated with efforts to mediate and difuse tense situations in communities Man accused of shooting Martin in 2012 , George Zimmerman , on trial in Florida
CNN  -- We 're just four months away from the London Olympics and the city is nearly ready to greet thousands of athletes and millions of visitors . As part of CNN 's coverage of London 2012 , World Sport presenter Don Riddell will be presenting a live webcast on CNN.com and CNN iPhone and iPad apps on Wednesday at 5.30 pm GMT , 6.30 pm CET , 1.30 pm ET . Living and working in London , Don has reported on the Games since the British capital won the vote to stage the sporting showpiece in 2005 . What do you want to ask him ? Is London ready ? Will the city cope ? Are there any spare tickets ? Can anyone beat Usain Bolt in the 100 meters ? Will the Thorpedo make a triumphant return to the pool ? Send your questions about the 2012 Olympics via Twitter to @donriddellcnn or leave your queries in the Comments section at the bottom of this page . Watch the webcast here or on CNN.com International .	2012 Summer Olympics in London just four months away Pose your questions on the Games to CNN World Sport 's Don Riddell Riddell hosts a live webcast on CNN.com , CNN iPhone and iPad apps Wednesday
When Pieter Franken visited Hong Kong one of the first things he did was measure the level of radiation in his hotel room . A Geiger counter is not usually packed by a business traveller , but well as having a banking industry day job Franken is part of a Tokyo-based citizen action group set up to map the radiation levels of cities across the world . Called Safecast , the group was founded as a response to the dearth of accurate , comprehensive data on the radioactive fall-out from Fukushima 's stricken nuclear reactors . Read more about Japan 's recovery from the Fukushima nuclear disaster "  The whole idea is to measure everything  rather than only performing spot checks  , " said Franken . Hong Kong lies just 50 kilometers from a nuclear power station located in Daya Bay in Guangdong province , but its 12 permanent radiation monitoring stations are not in heavily populated urban areas . On a six-hour drive around the city 's major commercial and residential , Franken mapped radiation levels with a portable monitoring kit devised by Safecast . All the data is publicly viewable as interactive heat maps on Safecast 's website . The drive revealed that Hong Kong had a constant level of radiation that hovered around 0.2 microsievert per hour for an annualized dose of 2 millisieverts . This was slightly higher than the 0.1 microsievert per hour that Safecast mapped in the major urban centres of Tokyo and Beijing . One millisievert per year is an internationally-recognized nuclear factory guideline for exposure to radiation by the general public , according to Dr. John Leung , radiation expert and physics professor at the University of Hong Kong . "  Your risk of having cancer is increased for 4 to 5 % per sievert of radiation your body absorbs , " explained Leung . "  The way to control it is to receive as little as possible . " On his drive around Hong Kong Franken wanted to see how localized the radiation was , "  but it seems to be all over , " he said . "  In Tokyo , you will come across hotspots , sudden spikes in readings , but here you do n't have that kind of concentrated source . " More on Rebuilding Japan Much of the radiation we are exposed to everyday is naturally-occurring -- produced by the sun , soil , water and rock . The World Health Organization estimates that on average , people are exposed to 2.4 millisieverts per year from natural background radiation . However this natural background radiation did not explain the uniformity of Safecast 's Hong Kong findings or the spikes in radioactivity in tunnels . It led Franken to believe that the common denominator throughout the city , concrete , was a key source of the radiation . Or more specifically , the locally-sourced granite aggregates used in place of pricier cement to make the concrete . "  Hong Kong is lying on a high-background radiation level because the radionuclide content in the granite in this region of the country is a bit higher than the world average , " said Leung . "  There is more uranium and thorium in our granite . It 's natural . " A study conducted by Leung and his colleagues in 1990 found that the gamma radiation dose rate of local soil to be 1.8 times the world average . Hong Kong 's concrete infrastructure poses no immediate harm to residents ' health , but some wonder if more attention should be given to how buildings are made in the city . "  When we make concrete , we do n't pay attention to the mineral content of the rock , so long as it is strong enough , " said University of Hong Kong structural engineering professor , Albert Kwan . "  If it 's really is the case  that local granite has elevated radioactivity  , perhaps we should import our granite from elsewhere . " The everyday doses of radiation we encounter are far from being fatal in one shot , but it is the accumulated exposure that may be cause for concern . According to the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation  UNSCEAR  , there is no direct evidence of ill effects on human health up to an accumulated dose of 10 millisieverts . For comparison , a typical dose from a one-hour flight is 0.003 millisieverts per hour , while a 10-second chest X-ray would expose you to 0.05 millisieverts . An accumulated exposure of 10 to 1000 millisieverts may result in an "  increased incidence of certain types of cancer , years to decades later ... The incidence of cancer in a population increases with the radiation dose received , " according to UNSCEAR . In 2006 , the World Health Organization estimated that up to 4,000 cancer deaths would occur among over 500,000 clean-up workers , evacuees , and residents remaining in highly-contaminated areas near Chernobyl , many of whom were exposed to doses exceeding 100 millisieverts . To reduce everyday levels of radiation Safecast suggests opening doors and windows to ventilate rooms . This minimizes the accumulation of radon - a radioactive gas produced by the decay of naturally occurring uranium and thorium . Inhaling radon - one of the leading sources of human exposure to natural radiation - in the home and workplace causes tens of thousands of deaths from lung cancer annually , according to the World Health Organization . "  What Safecast is doing provides a context for people to understand radiation , " said Franken , producing two photos he planned to contribute to an online photography magazine . One was of a snow-covered Kyoto and the other of his seven-year-old daughter . "  The first photo shows where my family went after the crisis hit Tokyo , and the second shows the purpose of what we 're doing all this for . "	Hong Kong 's natural background radiation comes from local granite Rock aggregate used in cement for local buildings Radiation was monitored by Tokyo-based citizen action group Levels of radiation in city are not harmful
OPRAH.com  -- Lasting wealth is not found in the numbers flickering from the ATM screen . It 's built on the foundation of who you are , how you act , and what you believe in . Follow these steps over the next 10 years to ensure financial security : 1 . Take an oath of financial honesty . A crushing credit card balance caused by your need to impress others is a costly lie . Living within your means is living honestly . Find ways to save $ 25 a week and you 'll free up $ 100 a month . Invest it and in 25 years you could have $ 80,000 . 2 . Stop settling for what the world offers . You need to be your own best advocate . If there 's no raise this year because of the economy , meet with your boss to determine grounds for a raise next year . If you 're self-employed and have n't increased your rates in years , I have to ask , why are you putting yourself on sale ? I say it 's fear . Recognize that this fear is keeping you from having more in your life . Oprah.com : 9 small financial steps that will pay off big 3 . Avoid debt bondage . Yes , debt is necessary ; it 's how you own a home or get a college degree , but the trick is to respect it . Take on only what you can afford . Have a credit card balance ? Use the $ 100 from step one to increase your minimum payment on a $ 10,000 balance that charges 18 percent interest and you could save almost $ 24,000 in interest fees . 4 . Make your financial life work within the new normal . The best move you can make today is to let go of what was and focus on what has been dubbed the new normal : a period of more moderate growth . That means , for instance , you need to expect that your house will appreciate at roughly the rate of inflation . 5 . Get in great credit shape . I 've always said a high FICO score is a key component to security -- but it 's even more important now that lenders are so circumspect about making loans . A FICO score of at least 700 is your best defense . And if you find yourself in the job-hunting pool , a good score could distinguish you from others .  Yes , many employers check FICO scores . It 's considered an insight into your sense of responsibility . 6 . Remember that every no leads you that much closer to a yes . The pain and anxiety of shocks like layoffs or divorce are unquestionably destabilizing . But you make things worse when you see these events as major setbacks , instead of starting points for you to re-imagine and reclaim your life . I also believe you can reduce the pain by adopting a "  hope for the best , plan for the worst " mind-set  i.e. , have an emergency fund  . Oprah.com : Suze 's easy financial to-do list 7 . Open up . Most people in financial trouble hold tightly to what they have . To put yourself in position to receive more in life , you must first open your hands -- and your heart -- by giving to others today . If you want to learn about a specific charity , check out the free service CharityNavigator.org . 8 . Save for indulgences . Assuming you 're on track with your retirement savings , have no credit card debt , and have an emergency savings fund , I 'm not going to deny you fun -- so long as you 've saved up for it . If you want to have $ 5,000 for a milestone birthday trip in two years , you 'll need to put away about $ 200 a month now , given today 's low bank rates . 9 . Eliminate the "  I shoulds . " Take care of every major must-have document this year -- a will , a healthcare power of attorney , etc. -- you 've sworn for years that you 'd get to . 10 . Choose your legacy . This is all about the deathbed test . Will loved ones describe you in terms of what you bought for yourself , or will they talk about who you were and how fiercely you loved ? Make that question your guidepost , and I will 100 percent guarantee that life will be richer than you can imagine . Oprah.com : Money plan to keep you safe for 30 years By Suze Orman from O , The Oprah Magazine © 2010 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Suze Orman has 10 steps to make your financial future worry free Take on only the debt you can afford ; pay debt down quick to save on interest Aim for FICO score of 700 ; remember potential employers may check score Save up for your indulgences ; share your abundance with others
DEPARTURES.com  -- A trip to Nashville , Tennessee , and Florence , Alabama , unearths a bounty of Southern-made artisanal luxuries . One day , while standing on a street corner in Vienna in the late summer , designer Natalie Chanin realized suddenly that August should really mean sunshine and fresh tomatoes . The Alabama native was a successful , Paris-based stylist working on a film set in Austria at the time , living out of a suitcase and wondering if she had packed enough winter clothes . That realization led to an overhaul and reconfiguration of her life , culminating several years later when she returned to her hometown of Florence , Alabama , to launch her sustainable-clothing label , Project Alabama . Now in its second evolution as Alabama Chanin , the award-winning line is still based in a warehouse just north of Florence . What about the South pulled her back and continues to do so for others ? We flew down to find out . The South of the northern imagination -- that memorialized by William Faulkner , Flannery O'Connor , Harper Lee and Robert Penn Warren -- is afflicted by its past and lost in the present . Ironic , then , that much of this decade 's Southern renaissance is built on the foundations of old traditions : quilting , work clothes , garden kitchens , comfort food . We once mistook this elegant clarity for oversimplification . But in today 's hyper-communicative , superfast , deeply insecure culture , tradition has been reanimated into a new worldly form . Florence , with a population of 39,000 , sits on the Tennessee River in Alabama 's northwestern corner , a two-hour drive from any of the nearest three airports . It calls itself "  Alabama 's Renaissance City " and has more clothing labels than restaurants .  Visit one of Alabama Chanin 's monthly retreats and take a tour of the studio .  To fill that void , we flew into Nashville first -- an old metropolis of the New South -- for the food alone . The longtime music capital has always been home to the creative and the cosmopolitan , but the new two-feet-on-the-ground sophistication of the cooking has attracted the attention of a much wider audience , and the city is having a moment . Areas outside the city center , like 12th Avenue South and East Nashville , are being reengineered from the inside out . An old gas station has been converted into a store for tailored denim by the label Imogene + Willie ; an 18th-century factory building houses City House , one of the best restaurants in town ; and an old trailer is the mobile vintage-clothing store High Class Hillbilly . We crave the locally made finds that have the simplicity of an heirloom tomato . And right now , it 's all about returning to roots -- something the South most definitely provides . Here are our 10 new reasons to love the old South . © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The trip through Nashville and Florence is lined with one-of-a-kind American treasures The creative heritage of the Old South is alive and thriving in Tennessee and Alabama Evocative products like denim and peaches reach couturish heights in the modern South
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration says that Pakistan was not involved or given advance warning about the operation that killed Osama bin Laden , but top U.S. officials said the al Qaeda leader never would have been found and killed without the counterterrorism cooperation between the two countries over the past few years . "  Pakistan has contributed greatly to our efforts to dismantle al Qaeda . And in fact , cooperation with Pakistan helped lead U.S. to bin Laden and the compound in which he was hiding , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . "  We 're committed to this partnership . We think it is in the best interest of the security and safety of the United States . " Officials maintain that the relationship with Islamabad is complicated , fraught with difficulties and mistrust , but the fact that Pakistan has allowed the U.S. counterterrorism operative to operate on its soil , albeit with only a tacit endorsement , is critical to the type of operations that led to finding bin Laden . "  The relationship is complicated and their cooperation is mixed at best and going forward it 's going to be bumpy , but there is no way to do this sort of thing without this partnership , " one senior official said . "  The idea that this would have happened if they would n't have let our guys in the country is not possible . " Officials said they do believe that while a few members of the Pakistani intelligence service ISI might have known about bin Laden 's location , they do n't think it was broadly known that he was there . But they acknowledge that Pakistan does have some explaining to do about how bin Laden was hiding in plain sight just miles from the country 's main military academy for close to a year . The U.S. never told Pakistan about its suspicions that bin Laden was hiding out at the compound , officials said . "  Pakistan has never been and never will be the hotbed of fanaticism that is often described by the media , " Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari wrote in a Washington Post column Monday . "  And for me , justice against bin Laden was not just political ; it was also personal , as the terrorists murdered our greatest leader , the mother of my children . "  Some in the U.S. press have suggested that Pakistan lacked vitality in its pursuit of terrorism , or worse yet that we were disingenuous and actually protected the terrorists we claimed to be pursuing . Such baseless speculation may make exciting cable news , but it does n't reflect fact . " Husain Haqqani , Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , insisted his government had no knowledge of bin Laden 's whereabouts at any point over the last several years . He did n't rule out the possibility that some in Pakistan who were sympathetic to bin Laden 's views provided him sanctuary . "  Pakistan is a nation of 180 million . There are people in Pakistan , unfortunately , who have sympathies with Osama bin Laden and obviously some of them had protected for him while he was there , " he said . "  If we had really known where bin Laden was , we would have got him . " Despite being left in the dark , the Pakistani envoy spoke positively about the bin Laden mission . "  They had superior intelligence , they had superior technology , and we are grateful to them and to God for having given us this opportunity to bring this chapter to an end , " Haqqani told CNN . In addition to President Barack Obama 's phone call with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , administration officials will continue to engage the government "  as we learn more about the compound and whatever type of support system bin Laden had , " White House counterterrorism advisor John Brennan told reporters Monday . The hope , officials said , is that the attack will inspire the Pakistani government to cooperate more fully with the United States . Several officials predict Pakistan will go through a period of soul-searching about the fact bin Laden was hiding in their country in plain sight as well as the fact the U.S. killed him on their soil . "  The top four al Qaeda leaders were killed or captured in Pakistan ; it 's ridiculous to say this is not their problem , " a second U.S. official said . "  And any claims that we violated their sovereignty wo n't resonate because the target on the other end was Osama bin Laden . " Anthony Cordesman of the Center for Strategic and International Studies said Pakistan 's initial reaction to the news suggested reason for cautious optimism about the relationship going forward . "  They did n't attack us for entering Pakistan . They did n't condemn us for being in Pakistan . Those are positive signs , " he said . But he added , "  They do n't tell us , however , what 's happening in the Pakistani military or ISI or the people who in the past have supported the Taliban or tolerated al Qaeda . " Officials said the U.S. is going to be treating Pakistan gingerly over the next few days as they weigh how the attack will affect the relationship . Marc Grossman , special representative for Afghanistan/Pakistan , is in Islamabad on Monday for talks with Pakistani officials . "  We still need Pakistan 's cooperation , and we need to see how we can move forward , " the second official said . "  We need to give them some credit for what they have done , which did lead to this day . We ca n't focus excessively on the negative . " Brennan pointed out that despite the "  differences of view " between the U.S. and Pakistan on counterterrorism cooperation , Pakistan has been responsible for killing and capturing more terrorists on its soil than any other country "  by a wide margin . " "  There have been many , many brave Pakistani soldiers , security officials , as well as citizens , who have given their lives because of the terrorism scourge in that country , " Brennan said , calling the partnership with Pakistan "  critically important to breaking the back of al Qaeda and eventually prevailing over al Qaeda as well as associated terrorist groups . " But Seth Jones of the RAND Corp. warns that bin Laden 's death does not resolve the big-ticket issues between Washington and Islamabad , namely Pakistan 's support for the Taliban and other insurgent groups battling U.S. forces in Afghanistan , such as the Haqqani network . "  As long as many of those issues continue to exist , and they have very different interests , and they have very different strategic goals in the area , then some level of conflict will likely persist , " Jones said . Officials said they hope the U.S. can get Pakistan on board to support a political process in Afghanistan with reconciliation between the Taliban and the Afghan government -- and they believe bin Laden 's death presents an opportunity for progress . Officials do believe that al Qaeda in Pakistan has suffered a huge disruption , having lost a charasmatic leader such as bin Laden . But they also are bracing for members of al Qaeda to avenge his death and believe the United States will see a period of increased threat , where attacks will likely be planned against U.S. interests .	Some in U.S. hope for more cooperation with Pakistan Pakistan given credit for allowing operation on its soil Others skeptical Pakistan did n't know Osama bin Laden was near military academy
CNN  -- The European Union on Wednesday agreed to pay 210 million euros  $ 307 million  to farmers who suffered losses due to the E.coli outbreak that has killed at least 25 people , mostly in Germany . The figure is up considerably from the 150 million euros EU agriculture officials proposed Tuesday , and Dacion Ciolos , the EU 's agriculture commissioner , said that figure may change again . "  This envelope will enable us to respond to the compensation requests for the period from the 26th of May through to the end of June , " Ciolos said . "  We will then take stock of the situation and see whether we need to adjust these figures . " Farmers in several European countries are seeking to be paid back for losses they suffered after being wrongly blamed for the outbreak . Farmers who grow cucumbers , tomatoes , peppers , zucchini and lettuce will be eligible to receive up to 50 percent of the average market price they would have received , based on figures from 2008-2010 , the EU said . Some producers could get up to 70 percent of market prices when funds from EU-supported producer organizations are included , Ciolos said . The planned settlement still needs to be accepted by EU member states on June 14 , Ciolos said . Spain alone has sought more than 400 million euros  $ 600 million  in lost farm exports of cucumbers , tomatoes and other produce from the past few weeks , and farmers in Belgium , France , Holland and even Germany say they have millions in losses , too . The death toll from the outbreak rose to 25 on Wednesday as German health authorities confirmed two more E.coli fatalities there . All but one of the 25 were in Germany , while the remaining victim died in Sweden after a having visited Germany . Local officials in the German state of Lower Saxony said another man , aged 73 , also died , but he had other health problems as well , so they are not certain his death was due to E. coli . There are a total 2,648 cases of E. coli infection in Germany , according to the Robert Koch Institute , Germany 's top health authority . But Health Minister Daniel Bahr said Wednesday the number of new cases of infection has been falling significantly . There have also been a handful of infections in a dozen other European countries , but they appear to be linked to northern Germany . The cause of the 10-day-old crisis still has not been conclusively identified . There was no trace of E. coli in a pack of bean sprouts in a household in Hamburg , where a man had become infected , health authorities there told CNN Tuesday . The sprouts came from the farm which officials believe could be the source of the outbreak . But initial tests showed no sign of E. coli there , agriculture officials in the German state of Lower Saxony said Monday . But authorities said that does not mean their suspicions were wrong ; they would not expect to find evidence of E. coli if the tainted sprouts were no longer in the supply chain . And Wednesday , Lower Saxony agriculture officials said three workers at the suspect farm had diarrhea in early May and at least one has been diagnosed with the dangerous strain of E.coli . Authorities have also found that a cafeteria in the town of Cuxhaven , where 18 people came down with the infection , had also received sprouts from the farm in question , said Natascha Manski , a spokeswoman for the state agriculture ministry . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin and David Wilkinson in London contributed to this report .	NEW : EU agrees to 210 million euros to compensate farmers The outbreak has killed 25 people , all but one of them in Germany Germany 's health minister says the rate of infection is falling Bean sprouts are suspected of being the source but tests have not proven it
CNN  -- Luxury hotels and resorts conjure images of sunny skies , designer furnishings , lavish restaurants and the well-to-do milling about in grand fashion . But all that can change in rapid time , leaving decay and squalor in its place . War , weather , financial foul-ups and man-made catastrophes have all contributed to many of these former pleasure palaces being left to ruin . Here are a few of the most celebrated empty hotels . 1 . Sheraton Rarotonga , Cook Islands This sprawling almost-resort along the coast road on Rarotonga , one of the Cook Islands , is still shown on Google maps even though it has never hosted a single guest . Called the "  Heartbreak Hotel " by islanders , the project nearly bankrupted the tiny Pacific nation . The 200 rooms were tiled , plumbed , wired and fitted with air-conditioning . Some were carpeted and furnished -- but now the only residents are a few squatters and local gangs . Construction began in the late 1980s but , when it was almost complete , the backers pulled out amid lurid allegations of misappropriated funds . Location : http://goo.gl/maps/unZ4j 2 . Sofitel Heiva , Huahine , French Polynesia Ideally located on a secluded spit of land on the French Polynesian island of Huahine , the over-water bungalows here still appear alluring and the botanic garden-like grounds are still meticulously maintained . Closer inspection reveals a totally derelict property , battered by the elements and stripped of all fittings , with gaping holes in the bungalow roofs and many of them in danger of collapse . It 's been a decade since the last guest checked out and the former Sofitel stands as a somber monument to the dramatic downturn in this onetime holiday paradise . Location : http://goo.gl/maps/tu3om 3 . Lee Plaza , Detroit , United States As the city of Detroit appears to descend into a post-apocalyptic nightmare , so too many of the beleaguered metropolis 's great buildings are crumbling into dust . Already the grand Statler , Tuller and Madison-Lenox hotels are gone , leaving this stately 1929 art-deco high-rise the sole unoccupied survivor of heritage status . Closed for two decades , the Charles Noble-designed 15-floor structure is , however , deteriorating badly despite a preservation order and inclusion on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places . Images from inside reveal its former grandeur and serve as a tragic indictment of this once great city 's spectacular fall from prominence . Location : 2240 West Grand Boulevard , Detroit , Michigan 42 ° 21 ′ 34 ″ N 83 ° 6 ′ 6 ″ W 4 . Ryugyong Hotel , Pyongyang , North Korea Is this hotel the world 's greatest construction folly ? Many say yes . Begun in 1987 as a monument to North Korea 's eternal leader , Kim Il-sung , what was conceived as an attempt to create the world 's tallest hotel has turned into the secretive Stalinist state 's greatest visible embarrassment . Just last April , the swank Kempinski chain back-peddled from its earlier management announcement that slated the 330-meter , 3,000-room , 105-story monstrosity to open as early as 2014 . " ... -LSB- M -RSB- arket entry is not currently possible , " Kempinski told CNN . In September 2012 , the North Korean state-owned tour company , Koryo Tours , released the first ever images from inside the very empty structure . Location : http://goo.gl/maps/YrbBs 5 . Hotel Renakse , Phnom Penh , Cambodia This historic hotel is a well-known landmark opposite the Royal Palace on the waterfront at the Tonle Sap and Mekong junction . It began as part of the Royal Court of Justice and , in 1979 , housed the first post-Khmer Rouge government . The century-old French colonial style hotel is owned by the Cambodian People 's Party -- or was . In a controversial transaction that broke the leaseholder 's contract , it was sold to a private development company with ties to the ruling party . Phnom Penh residents and other concerned persons launched a petition to save it from demolition , but its future remains uncertain . Location : http://goo.gl/maps/RIvVw 6 . Varosha , Famagusta , Cyprus The once flourishing resort district of Varosha in the Cypriot city of Famagusta was once frequented by the likes of Elizabeth Taylor and Brigitte Bardot . Some regarded it as the most famous seaside resort in the world . When Turkey invaded Cyprus in 1974 , Varosha saw bloody fighting on its streets and , since partition of the island , the once hedonistic enclave is now a forbidden , fenced-off no man 's land . Not one , but dozens of hotels are slowly falling apart as the urge to resettle this region has long diminished . The Argo , Grecian , Asterias , Florida and King George are just some of the luxury hotels that will probably never see another guest . Location : http://goo.gl/maps/O9tN0 7 . Igloo City , Alaska , United States If you 're driving out along the George Parks Highway in Alaska , keep your eyes peeled for the bizarre Igloo Hotel near Cantwell . At first glance you might think it was some forgotten Cold War installation or spaceship , but it was started in the 1970s and contravened so many building codes it could n't ever be opened . It 's served variously as a souvenir stand and gas station over the years but is now all but derelict . Open to vandals , wild animals and the savage Alaskan elements , enter at your own risk . Location : http://goo.gl/maps/XIFSh 8 . El Hotel del Salto , Colombia Overlooking the stunning Tequendama Falls on the Bogota River 30 kilometers southwest of the Colombian capital , this hotel sat empty and forlorn for two decades . Scenic beauty regardless , the river powering the falls is one of the most polluted in the world and , coupled with the hotel 's "  most haunted " reputation , soon put overnight guests off . The popularity of the falls for suicides also helped to doom this ornate little hotel . Built as a mansion in 1928 for the Colombian elite , it will never host another guest even if they did want to stay -- it 's become a Museum of Biodiversity and Culture . Location : http://goo.gl/maps/788QM 9 . Hotel Polissya , Pripyat , Ukraine This then 10-year-old , eight-storey hotel , along with the entire city of 50,000 residents , was hurriedly evacuated in April 1986 after the catastrophic explosion of the nearby Chernobyl nuclear reactor . One of the tallest structures in the abandoned city , Hotel Polissya serves as a prominent and sad reminder of that fateful day . The new wave of disaster tourists make a beeline for the building for a rooftop view over the desolate urban wasteland . The hotel , along with a ghostly amusement park , high school and stadium , make of Pripyat an altogether unsettling experience . Location : http://goo.gl/maps/NnR2W 10 . Unknown hotel , Vientiane , Laos Just as many abandoned hotels are famous for their once lavish accouterments and celebrity guests , others are notable for their anonymity . This forlorn , riverside pension still has a couple of ground level occupants but is largely abandoned . Clearly of French colonial origin , it probably dates from the 1920s or 1930s -- no definitive written or other record remains to confirm it . On the corner of Rue Sibouaban and Quai Fa Ngum , who knows what stories these vacant walls and empty rooms could tell ? Location : http://goo.gl/maps/klWZ2	North Korea 's "  Hotel of Doom " remains the tallest unoccupied building in the world Cyprus 's Varosha lost its tourism appeal after the Turkish invasion in 1974 Ukraine 's Hotel Polissya was evacuated in 1986 after the catastrophic explosion of the nearby Chernobyl nuclear reactor
CNN  -- Convicted Beltway sniper John Allen Muhammad is scheduled to be executed by lethal injection November 10 , a Virginia corrections official said Tuesday . "  Inmate John Muhammad was offered a choice in method of execution , and he declined , " Larry Traylor said . "  Under the code , if the inmate declines to choose , it defaults to lethal injection . " Muhammad was convicted of killing Dean Harold Meyers , one of several victims in a series of sniper-style shootings that terrorized the Washington area in October 2002 . During a three-week period , Muhammad and his young protege , Lee Boyd Malvo , shot 13 people , killing 10 of them , police said . The two also are suspected in other shootings , including in Tacoma , Washington ; Montgomery , Alabama ; and elsewhere in the Washington metro area . Attorneys for Muhammad argued last week that he should be given clemency on the grounds that he has a severe mental illness that worsened while he served in the Persian Gulf War . Attorney Jonathan Sheldon said he and other attorneys presented Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine 's representatives with audio interviews with attorneys , mental health experts and witnesses rather than a written document . They said they plan to file an appeal with the U.S. Supreme Court on November 3 . Kaine 's office said that any information on the clemency request would come in the form of a news release at a later date . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	Attorneys for John Allen Muhammad say he has severe mental illness He is to die by lethal injection November 10 Muhammad was offered choice in method of execution ; he declined Muhammad and Lee Boyd Malvo shot 13 people , killing 10 , police said
EW.com  -- And then there were  probably  two . Multiple reports have surfaced on the web today that filmmakers Francis Lawrence and Bennett Miller are the final two contenders for the director of "  The Hunger Games " sequel "  Catching Fire . "  The Los Angeles Times appears to have first broke the story . The choice for the replacement of "  Hunger Games ' " Gary Ross -- who bowed out of the "  Catching Fire " gig last week , citing the tight production schedule -- are pretty stark . Lawrence has extensive experience with visual effects-driven action sequences from his first two films , 2005â $ ² s supernatural thriller "  Constantine " and 2007â $ ² s post-apocalyptic thriller "  I Am Legend " -- which shares a similarly bleak tone to "  Catching Fire . " But his latest effort , the 2011 period drama "  Water for Elephants , " fizzled at the box office , and landed mixed reviews for its handling of the star-crossed romance between Robert Pattinson and Reese Witherspoon . Many complained that the weakest part of "  Hunger Games " was the romance between Katniss  Jennifer Lawrence , no relation  , and Peeta  Josh Hutcherson  , and the romantic angle is far more front-and-center for "  Catching Fire . " Miller , by contrast , has practically no first-hand experience with CG-effects-heavy action scenes , and "  Catching Fire " features more exotic locations that would likely call for extensive green-screen and effects work . Miller does , however , have an Academy Award nomination to his name for his debut feature , the 2005 biopic "  Capote , " and last year 's "  Moneyball " won Miller wide acclaim . He could bring an actor-friendly pedigree to the franchise , and it would certainly be a high-profile boost to his career trajectory . But Miller has another film , the true-life drama "  Foxcatcher , " that 's aiming to start production this fall , with Steve Carell and Channing Tatum attached and Mark Ruffalo in talks to join . That project would almost certainly need to be put on hold ; it seems unlikely that Lionsgate would be willing to delay production on "  Catching Fire " until after Jennifer Lawrence finished shooting the "  X-Men : First Class " sequel next spring , especially since they did n't do it for Ross . Lionsgate reportedly may have their decision made by the end of this week . A rep for the studio declined to comment when reached by EW . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The choices for the replacement of "  Hunger Games ' " Gary Ross might be Francis Lawrence and Bennett Miller Lawrence has extensive experience with visual effects-driven action sequences Miller does have an Academy Award nomination to his name for his debut feature
CNN  -- In a letter to the NCAA disclosed Wednesday , the Justice Department said it has received several requests for an antitrust investigation into the current Bowl Championship Series system , and it wants information to help it decide what to do . That controversial system makes it very difficult for teams in some athletic conferences to qualify for major bowl games , potentially costing millions of dollars in revenue to those not chosen . "  Serious questions continue to arise suggesting that the current BCS system may not be conducted consistent with the competition principles expressed in federal antitrust laws , " Assistant Attorney General Christine Varney told NCAA President Mark Emmert . The decision to release the letter came hours after Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , a major opponent of the current system , demanded further consideration of the issue in a face-to-face appearance with Attorney General Eric Holder at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing . Holder responded by disclosing the Justice Department had sent a letter to the NCAA on the issue Tuesday . In her letter , Varney asked Emmert to explain why college football does not have a playoff when so many other college sports do . She also asked what steps , if any , the NCAA has taken to create a playoff , and whether the NCAA has determined that there are aspects of the BCS system that do not serve interests of fans , colleges , universities , and players . Officials acknowledge the NCAA is not legally required to respond , although lawyers following the case expect the association to do so . Antitrust lawyers have been watching the debate grow for more than two years , to see whether the Justice Department will jump into the case . One antitrust expert who declares himself neutral in the case says he doubts Justice will launch a probe because it has a full plate of more pressing issues . "  There is a problem , but not an antitrust problem , " said Gordon Schnell of the New York firm Constantine Cannon . A court could never require a football playoff , but they could break up the current BCS system , he said . Currently , the BCS system limits automatic bids to the winners of the Big Ten , Big East , Big 12 , Atlantic Coast Conference , Pac 10 and the Southeast Conference , thereby leaving out other conferences , including almost all schools in the Rocky Mountain Region . Only two remaining at-large spots are available to all other colleges and universities . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report	The Bowl Championship Series system makes it hard for some college teams to qualify Millions of dollars in revenue are at stake in the football bowl selection process Assistant Attorney General Varney seeks an explanation
EW.com  -- Proving the old adage that those who cough up 10 bucks to see history are doomed to repeat it , we now get a sequel of sorts to Zack Snyder 's razzle-dazzle Spartan bloodfest , "  300 . " I was n't a huge fan of the original . It felt like a Joe Weider bodybuilding magazine turned into an ultraviolent videogame . But the film 's visual artistry was undeniable . In "  300 : Rise of an Empire , "  director Noam Murro uses 3-D to up the wow factor even further . There 's so much crimson gore flying off the screen you feel as if you should be wearing a tarp like the folks in the front row of a Gallagher show . Xerxes , the pierced and waxy-smooth Persian king played by Rodrigo Santoro , is out to avenge the death of his father at the hands of strapping Athenian he-man Themistokles  Sullivan Stapleton  . Egged on by his sultry adviser Artemisia  Eva Green  , Xerxes and his men square off against the outnumbered Greek forces â $ " this time on the high seas . The Aegean setting is a nice excuse to stage clever naval gambits that turn into slo-mo orgies of impaling and limb-hacking . But really , the film belongs to Green â $ " maybe the only actress ever to "  graduate " from being a Bertolucci muse to a bloodthirsty action-flick dominatrix . With her raven hair , smoky voice , and leather fetish wear , she gooses the repetitive carnage into something deliciously sinister . In the movie 's best scene , she and her enemy Themistokles turn a discussion of surrender into a rough-sex brawl . Henry Kissinger she 's not . Grade : B CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	New film is the sequel to "  300 " This time it 's in 3-D Reviewer says Eva Green steals the film
CNN  -- A letter written by a Louisiana State University student leader and published Monday in a New Hampshire newspaper is taking Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal to task for his out-of-state travels . The letter in New Hampshire 's Keene Sentinel tells readers : "  Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is spending more time in your state than the one he was elected to represent . I read almost daily about his trips to other states , which makes me believe that he is more interested in running for president than running the state of Louisiana . " J Hudson , the letter 's author , is a 21-year-old political science and communications major as well as LSU 's student body president . The reason he wrote the letter , he said , is because he tried through traditional means of arranging a meeting to discuss education cuts with Jindal -- but to no avail . "  We tried to set up meetings with Governor Jindal . We got an e-mail sent back to us from his executive assistant , telling us that his schedule was very tight , " Hudson said . "  But a few days after that , I started reading he was in Florida , New Hampshire , New York , Wisconsin . No wonder he has no time , he 's all over the United States and not in Louisiana . " Jindal was in New Hampshire on October 14 and in several other states recently to attend political fundraising events . Kyle Plotkin , Jindal 's press secretary said in a statement Monday : "  The Governor has spent over 90 percent of the days since taking office in Louisiana , traveling to every parish multiple times . It 's good for Louisiana for the Governor to share with business and other leaders across the country our success in outperforming the national economy . " In the letter , Hudson said he wanted to ask the governor "  why he 's imposing devastating budget cuts that will result in the firing of one-third of the university 's faculty and reduce enrollment by 8,000 . " LSU , the victim of numerous budget cuts in recent years , is bracing for as much as a $ 62 million reduction in the future due to the state 's financial crisis . Hudson said it 's that crisis facing his school that has him trying to track down the governor . "  Governor Jindal , Louisiana higher education is about to be devastated . It will take a generation for our universities to recover . On behalf of the students whose hopes for a brighter future will soon be crushed , I beg you to return to Louisiana and fix your state 's serious problems . You 've neglected your constituents long enough , " Hudson said in the letter . Plotkin said the governor 's chief of staff and policy director have already met with Hudson to discuss education funding . "  It 's great he and other students are getting involved in the political process and we hope they continue to be part of the conversation . We have an open dialogue with the higher education community about the state 's budget challenges and we 're working to mitigate reductions to classrooms , " Plotkin said . "  The reality though is that higher education officials are not delivering the value our students deserve . That 's why we 've encouraged higher education administrative officials to prioritize reductions so that they come mainly from administrative overhead , not teaching and research . " Hudson said he believed legislators should change state policy to better protect higher education and perhaps find other areas to make budget cuts in . Despite taking the meeting request to the public stage , Hudson said the governor 's been doing a good job and he bears no ill will towards him . "  I 'm very satisfied with his role . He can really speak for the people and protect the interests of the citizens of our state , with our natural disasters and the Gulf oil spill , " he said . "  All I 'm asking is just for a meeting , a 30-minute meeting on how to protect the flagship institution of our state . " Hudson said he would consider voting for Jindal if he should run for president , if he spends more time at home . "  We need him in this state . Look , I 'm not saying he would n't be a great presidential candidate if he ever went into something like that , but take care of your home first , and then you can move on to whatever presidential aspirations you have . "	A university student leader thinks Gov. Bobby Jindal should spend more time at home The student wrote a letter published in a New Hamshire newspaper The letter says Jindal "  is spending more time in your state " than his home state A spokesman for the governor says he 's spent 90 percent of his time in Louisiana
CNN  -- She 's petite , she 's middle-aged , she 's bookish , and if she gets a chance , she 'll knock you on your keister . Beth Hollis , second from left , is a librarian who 's become a MegaBeth , a roller derby dynamo . By day , she 's Beth Hollis , a 53-year-old reference librarian in Akron , Ohio . By night , she 's MegaBeth , an ageless dynamo on the roller derby rink . "  All my life , when I tell people I 'm a librarian , they say , ` You do n't look like a librarian , ' " Hollis said . "  And now that I 'm a roller derby girl , they say , ` You do n't look like a roller derby girl , either . ' So I do n't know where I fit in . " Hollis has been fitting in at the Akron-Summit County Library for 27 years . "  She 's my hero , " said Diane Barton , 48 , who has worked with Hollis at the library for 18 years . "  I just think it 's so cool she 's doing something so different and so active and so aggressive . You know how we are . We 're librarians , so we tend to have that meek and mild stereotype . " Watch her in action as Beth and MegaBeth " Before discovering roller derby , Hollis had been casting about for a hobby . "  I tried knitting and literally got kicked out of the knitting class for just not being able to get the hang of it , " she chortled . "  I guess it was just too soon for me to try knitting . I needed something that maybe was a little bit more physical for a hobby . " Boy howdy . She visited a Rubber City Rollergirls practice last winter after telling her husband , Warren , a retired high school math teacher , that she was going to an audition . "  At that point , I just said , ' I do n't care that I have an AARP card in my wallet ; I 'm going to go for this , ' " she said . Roller derby is a real sport , having ditched the campy , WWE-like spectacle seen on TV in the early 1970s . The Rubber City squad practices six hours a week and competes against teams in Ohio , Michigan , Indiana , Pennsylvania and Kentucky . A roller derby match , called a bout , consists of two 30-minute halves . Each team has four blockers and one player called a jammer , whose job is to get past the other team 's blockers on a 235-foot oval flat track and lap them to score points . Both teams are on offense and defense simultaneously , and the action is fast and rough . "  I think she 's awesome , " coach Brian "  Coachise " Phillips said . "  She is 53 , so she is our oldest girl on the team , but she works every bit as hard as every other girl on the team , and she is in as good a shape if not better than every other girl on the team . " And she 's an inspiration to the other players . "  It makes me actually excited to think that I could play ... for another 30 years , and that 's awesome for me , because this is like my favorite thing to do , " said Barb "  Barbonic Plague " Brown , who at 21 is the youngest player on the team . Hollis has earned the respect of her team captain , too . "  She 's so tiny -- she 's probably like 5 feet 4 and maybe 110 pounds or so -- but when she 's out there , she 's MegaBeth , " said Tracy "  Eighty-SixHer " Soulsby , 40 . "  I would n't say she 's a very hard hitter , but she 's a good blocker . Her strength is getting in people 's way and then keeping them behind her , not letting them get around her . " The MegaBeth legend grew during a June bout with the Glass City Roller Girls , a team from Toledo , Ohio . Hollis found herself contending with a 6-foot-1 , 220-pound foe who goes by the name Pamazon . "  Out of the corner of my eye , I saw her just take out this one girl , and I remember , the crowd just went wild . It was fantastic ! " Brown recalled . "  I think that might be the highlight of her season , " Phillips said . For her part , Pamazon -- aka Pamela Keppler -- said she 's never been knocked down in a bout . "  To be completely honest , I do n't remember MegaBeth that well from the bout , " she said . "  I do remember talking with her at the after-party . We were all pretty surprised by her age , and I remember her saying that I knocked the snot out of her . " The team draws capacity crowds of 500 to 600 at its bouts , where admission costs $ 8.50 to $ 12.50 and concessions are sold . "  It really makes it exciting when you 've got all those people cheering , " Hollis said . "  And as we progress through the season , it 's obvious that we 've gotten better ... and the fan support has just gotten louder . " But the glory comes at a cost . Two Rubber City Rollergirls have suffered broken legs -- in practice ! -- and one is about to return after breaking her shoulder and nose in a bout . "  It 's inevitable that you 're going to get scrapes ; you get rink rash and bruises , " said Hollis , who wears number 796.21 -- the Dewey Decimal library index number for skating . "  I took a pretty tough fall to my hip that had me a little concerned . As I said to my teammates , at my age when you break a hip , it 's the beginning of the end . " Asked whether she has hurt anyone else , the mother of two college graduates replied furtively : "  I hope so . " Librarian Hollis is n't the only player smashing stereotypes . Among her teammates are teachers , a Starbucks manager , an accountant , a nurse practitioner , a barmaid and a couple of waitresses , most of whom are on the small side , Soulsby said . "  It 's not just rough-and-tough , big , burly gals out on parole , " Hollis said . Perhaps just to keep it real , the team does include one former repo driver  Valcano  and a heavy-equipment operator  BulldozeHer Bo  . Barton , her fellow librarian , says there 's something different about Hollis since she laced up her skates . "  It may just be my imagination , but she seems more confident in a way , " Barton said . "  It has to empower you somehow . " Hollis says it 's good for people to test themselves with change . "  I encourage people to pursue things -- something like this -- that they think might be fun , and not to let stereotypes get in the way of whether or not they think they 're going to fit in , " she said . "  Because you never know . "	Librarian Beth Hollis breaks stereotypes and , occasionally , bones After failing at knitting , she tries her hand  and elbows  at roller derby "  MegaBeth , " age 53 , is among the fittest players on the team , coach says
Former Arkansas Governor and presidential hopeful Mike Huckabee sparked outrage across the country this week for his offensive remarks about women and birth control . But the real problem is n't what he says -- it 's what he and too many other politicians believe , and it 's the policies they would advance if they have the chance . In a speech to the Republican National Committee , Huckabee said that it was wrong to give women access to no-co-pay birth control under the Affordable Care Act -- that by doing so , women were being told "  they are helpless without Uncle Sugar coming in and providing for them a prescription each month for birth control because they can not control their libido or their reproductive system without the help of government . " Of the thousands of types of medical care covered by insurance companies -- somehow he and a lot of other politicians have focused like a laser on birth control -- on taking coverage away from women . Indeed , Huckabee 's remarks were no "  gaffe , " as too many pundits have called them . This is a speech he 's made before , and his remarks are a look inside the playbook of politicians who appear to have no idea how birth control works and why it 's so important to millions of women as a basic , preventive health care . They ignore the fact that women use birth control for a whole host of medical reasons -- and that 's their business , not Mike Huckabee 's . In Huckabee 's vision , every boss in America would be empowered to decide whether his or her female employees should have access to birth control the way they do for any other prescription medication . Huckabee is joining a battle being waged cross the country . Over 40 for-profit companies have filed lawsuits against the birth control benefit of the Affordable Care Act , and the Supreme Court will hear arguments in two of those cases in March . If the court rules in favor of the for-profit companies , employers for the first time ever could have the right to dictate to their employees the type of health care they may have access to . Meanwhile , 20 state legislatures have moved to exempt certain employers and insurers from allowing their employees access to birth control without a co-pay . In Kansas , pharmacists are allowed to refuse to fill a prescription for birth control if they have a moral objection -- even if there 's no other pharmacist in the area that a woman can go to instead . And while the states are individually waging separate battles , on the national front the U.S. House of Representatives approved an amendment a few months ago to roll back the birth control benefit . The politicians behind these moves disregard how important birth control is for women and families . It allows women to take control of their health and economic security and to take personal responsibility for their family planning decisions . Many women also need birth control for medical reasons . For example , it can help relieve painful menstrual cramps , and help avert infertility by addressing the symptoms of endometriosis . Access to birth control is also an economic issue . Until now , the cost has been expensive , with many women paying an average of $ 600 a year -- but sometimes much more -- for contraceptive protection . The Affordable Care Act enables 27 million women to receive their prescription birth control without a co-pay . Birth control also allows women , who make up nearly two-thirds of minimum-wage workers , to remain in the labor force . For a woman working for minimum wage at a retail store , or for tips at a restaurant , the birth control benefit is tremendously important . For many women , it means the difference between taking birth control regularly and not being able to -- between getting pregnant and not getting pregnant . As we look toward the midterm elections later this year , it 's increasingly clear that access to birth control will be on the ballot . Mike Huckabee 's remarks this week underscore what 's at stake -- and why women will not allow out-of-touch politicians to take us back to the 1950s .	Cecile Richards : Mike Huckabee caused uproar with clueless comments about birth control He said women told they need goverrnment "  Uncle Sugar " to pay for their birth control Richards : His words show political agenda to deny women contraceptive coverage Richards : Birth control key in women 's lives , health . Next election , issue will be in balance
CNN  -- I was sitting in a wheelchair in an elevator of a hospital when the aide pushing me lay a binder on my lap . My medical record ! It was heavy , hundreds of pages charting all I had endured since a runaway truck in Jerusalem broke my neck months before on May 16 , 1990 . I knew that medical charts were off-limits to patients . But I was 19 and hemiplegic  the left half of me paralyzed  and curious . And so , I opened it with my one good hand and read what a droll psychologist at Mount Sinai had somehow gleaned from our occasional games of chess : "  Joshua appears compliant and motivated and expressed good insight into the nature and course of his disability . " I closed the binder quickly , my mind at ease . Patients no longer have to resort to stolen glances . Ever since 1996 , when Congress passed the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act , all of us  save a small number of people with severe mental health disorders  have had the right to read our records . But only a tiny percentage of patients do -- "  at most , 1 percent , " says Tom Delbanco , a professor at Harvard Medical School who has long called for hospitals to offer patients easy and full access to their records . That patients ignore their medical records is understandable . Records are largely dry data : test results , medications , vital signs , physical examinations . But ultimately , they are accounts of lives and deaths . And when I recently read my own record -- a thousand-odd pages written over four months in three hospitals in two languages -- I learned a lot , felt in the know . Prager : Is our suffering God 's will ? That feeling of empowerment , it turns out , is typical . Starting in 2010 , Delbanco and Jan Walker , a researcher at Harvard Medical School with a background in nursing , surveyed 20,000 patients at three hospitals who were invited by e-mail to read the notes their doctors had written of them . Great majorities of the patients who then read their records felt more in control of their care  81 %  and were better at taking their medicines  69 %  too . All but 1 % wanted to continue to read their records . Doctors , meantime , were by and large reluctant participants in the study only to then concede that their worries had been unfounded .  "  My fears : Longer notes , more questions , and messages from patients , " wrote one doctor . "  In reality , it was not a big deal . "  Not one of the 105 doctors in the study chose to stop inviting patients to read their notes . A second study published two months ago and conducted by Dr. Susan Woods , an internist at the Portland VA Medical Center , also concluded that transparency greatly benefits patients .  This study did not assess its effect on doctors .  And so , 17 years after HIPAA , its ramifications are finally being understood . Perhaps it is no surprise then that more hospitals are reaching out to patients . In the last year , the Veterans Health Administration and the Mayo Clinic began programs that grant patients easy and full access to their records online , the records just a click away for more than a million patients . And as more patients read their records , a second revolution in medical records may very well begin : caregivers writing them in collaboration with their patients . Here 's why : In recent years , hospitals have digitized patient records . This has prompted many doctors to cut and paste text from one section of a medical record to another which in turn has led to billing abuses and also to the replication of mistakes . And so Delbanco and Woods predict that as more patients read their records online , they will begin to monitor and share them and , eventually , amend and comment upon them too -- much as the public does an entry on Wikipedia . This amended record will not simply be more accurate ; it will be truer -- and truer and truer the more caregiver and patient collaborate . Doctors will no doubt shudder at the thought of collaborative records . But so did those doctors surveyed about granting patients access to their records only to then find that transparency bred trust , not lawsuits or even extra work . All agree that the goal of medical records is to improve patient care . And so , the question is simple : Would allowing patients to comment upon their own records improve their care ? Well , how could it not ? If doctors consult the ancient histories of patients to know them better , how could written responses from patients about their care , in real time , not be as valuable ? Back in 1990 , I would have loved to collaborate with my caretakers , to comment daily upon dosages and treatments and them too -- my saintly nurses Mary and Patrice , my patient doctors Frank and Tom , my skilled and kind therapists Katie and Beth . And , yes , there were a few horrible white coats to write of too who made us blue gowns pay for the audacity of independence and disagreement and minirebellion . Would my words have made a difference ? I do n't know . But now that access is here , collaboration is coming . It will arrive much sooner , patients , if you read your records . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joshua Prager .	Joshua Prager : Reading my medical record , I learned a lot about myself He says all patients have the right to examine their records but only tiny minority do so Studies find that access to records helps patients and improves care Letting patients contribute to the records is the next logical step , Prager says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When Hong Kong announced the start of the world 's largest ivory destruction project , one would expect a massive pyre , with flames engulfing the tusks . That did not happen . Instead , the tusk fragments were crushed into small chunks , placed in fiber drums and incinerated at a temperature over 1,800 degree Fahrenheit at a waste treatment center . The process may have been uninspiring , but it signals a significant move by one of the world 's largest markets for smuggled ivory to curb wildlife trade . The ceremonial burning marked the first stage of the government 's plans to destroy the 28-ton stockpile of ivory it has confiscated over the years . Ivory bracelets and carved figurines were incinerated along with elephant tusks . The fine dark grey ash left after incineration will be later dumped into a landfill . The government expects to finish destroying the entire stockpile by the middle of next year . Around one metric ton will be kept aside for educational or scientific purposes such as museum displays , according to Hong Kong government officials . Hong Kong follows recent initiatives by several countries , including France , Philippines and the U.S. to crackdown on ivory trade . In January , over six tons of illegal ivory was chipped and ground into powder in the Chinese city of Guangzhou . The top business leaders in China have also pledged not to purchase or gift ivory . After experimenting with several methods , the Hong Kong Agriculture , Fisheries and Conservation department decided to incinerate the ivory to remove any risk of their re-entry into the black market . Burning does n't completely destroy the ivory , it only chars the exterior . Hammering it into small pieces and burning it at high temperatures are to ensure total obliteration . Speaking at the event , John E. Scanlon , secretary-general of Geneva-based CITES  Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora  , an international wildlife protection treaty , said that the destruction "  does not negate the cultural heritage of historic ivory carvings , nor will in itself put an end to the illegal trade . " The effort is expected to gradually reduce the supply of ivory . In a bid to reduce its availability , three of the Hong Kong 's largest ivory retailers announced earlier this month that they would no longer sell ivory products . But , conservationists say there is also a need to curb consumers ' growing appetite for ivory . To reduce demand , many groups such as the World Wildlife Fund have been urging the government to legislate a permanent ban on ivory sales .	Hong Kong burned one ton of the 28-ton stockpile of ivory the government has seized in the last few years The government crushed and incinerated elephant tusks It will take a year to destroy stock of confiscated ivory , according to government officials
London  CNN  -- A Europe-wide scandal over horse meat in products labeled beef spread still further Friday , as UK authorities revealed the results of DNA testing on beef products and raided the premises of three more UK food firms . Of 2,501 tests carried out on beef products across the industry by noon Friday , 2,472 found no horse meat content above 1 % , the UK Food Standards Agency said . The 29 positive tests involved seven products sold by five suppliers , according to the Food Standards Agency . Another 962 tests are still under way , the agency said at a news conference . Fifteen of the positive tests were for the lasagna products sold by frozen food giant Findus that first triggered the horse meat alert last week . The others concerned beef products sold by supermarket chains Tesco , Aldi and The Co-operative , and burgers made by catering supplier Rangeland . Tesco , Asda and Aldi all issued statements saying they are boosting testing on meat products to protect customers , restore confidence and ensure product quality . Jim Smith , group technical director for Tesco , said the company will "  no longer work with the suppliers who fell below our very high standards . " The Food Standards Agency declined to give details of the names or location of the three food premises raided Friday . Investigations are ongoing , but authorities can not rule out the possibility of arrests , it said . The latest raids come a day after UK authorities arrested three workers at two meat plants , Farmbox Meats near Aberystywth and Peter Boddy Slaughterhouse in Todmorden , West Yorkshire . Inspectors toured the plants Tuesday and suspended their permits to operate Wednesday , the agency said . Meanwhile , authorities in northern England confirmed Friday that a dish had been pulled from 47 school kitchens after tests revealed horse DNA . The ready-made cottage pie , or shepherd 's pie , came from an external supplier , the Lancashire County Council said . "  This does not appear to be a food safety issue but I 've no doubt parents will agree we need to take a very firm line with suppliers , " councilor Susie Charles said in a prepared statement . Authorities across Europe have been scrambling to get a grip on the crisis over rogue horse meat in beef products . Fears of mislabeled meat also spread to the sky , where companies that provide in-flight catering in Europe initiated reviews of their suppliers . LSG Sky Chefs said it has contacted all its meat suppliers in Europe and has asked for written confirmation that their products do not contain horse meat . Another major caterer , Gate Gourmet , is doing the same with its suppliers . The European Union intends to begin testing meat across all 27 member states , it confirmed Friday . It called for testing 10 to 150 samples per country and at least five tests per country for the presence of the drug phenylbutazone , also known as bute , which is approved for horses but is not allowed to enter the food chain because it can be harmful to humans . Over the past week , unauthorized horse meat has been discovered in a variety of products labeled as beef that were sold in supermarkets in countries including Britain , France , Sweden , Switzerland , Germany and Ireland . In the UK , catering giant Compass Group and Whitbread , which owns hotels , coffee shops and restaurants , were the latest to say Friday that they had found horse DNA in certain beef products . Whitbread said it was removing a meat lasagna and a beef burger from its menus and would work with the Food Standards Agency to implement a robust future testing regime . "  We are shocked and disappointed at this failure of the processed meat supply chain , " it said in a written statement . Compass Group said an affected burger from Rangeland Foods had been provided to some sites in Ireland and Northern Ireland where it holds the catering contract . It promised DNA testing across processed meat products in future . NorgesGruppen in Norway also confirmed to CNN on Friday that horse meat had been found in frozen lasagna dishes in its stores . "  The analysis tells us that the lasagnas contained 60 % or more horse meat , " a spokeswoman said . "  We have withdrawn up to 8,000 products last week . We are in talks with the factory , the French company Comigel . " Comigel was one of two French firms whose role in the scandal was highlighted at a news conference held by French authorities Thursday . The other firm , Spanghero , should have known that the meat it labeled as beef was actually horse , French Consumer Affairs Minister Benoit Hamon said . Spanghero was the first company to label the meat as beef , the minister said , adding that 750 tons of horse meat were involved over a period of at least six months . Spanghero should have identified the meat as horse from its Romanian customs code , as well as its appearance , smell and price , he said . Comigel also should have noticed anomalies in labeling of the meat it received , Hamon said . A Spanghero representative told CNN the company had acted in good faith . "  The company has never ordered horse meat and we never knowingly sold horse meat , " the representative said . The affair has been passed to the Paris prosecutor to be investigated as fraud , Hamon said . The offense is punishable by up to two years in prison and fines of up to â ‚ ¬ 187,500 for the companies involved . Hamon said there is no reason to doubt that the Romanian abattoir that supplied the horse meat was acting in good faith . In another twist , UK inspectors said Thursday that horse carcasses contaminated with the equine painkiller bute may have entered the food chain in France . UK and French authorities are working to trace the horse meat , the Food Standards Agency said . The meat industry was first thrust into the spotlight last month when Irish investigators found horse and pig DNA in hamburger products . The discovery of pig DNA in beef products is of particular concern to Jews and Muslims , whose dietary laws forbid the consumption of pork products . Jewish dietary laws also ban the eating of horse meat . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza , Kendra Wates and Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	UK inspectors report 29 beef products test positive for horse meat out of 2,501 sampled Food inspectors and police raid three more UK food premises Horse DNA is found in dinners supplied to 47 schools in northern England The discovery of horse meat in beef products has put Europe 's meat industry in disarray
CNN  -- Sumo grand champion Asashoryu held a tear-filled press conference to announce his retirement on Thursday in the wake of allegations about his drunken assault on a man outside a Tokyo nightclub last month . The 29-year-old , who became the first Mongolian to earn the highest ranking in Japan 's most revered sport in 2003 and only the third non-Japanese , apologized in a statement broadcast on television . "  I am taking responsibility for having caused so much trouble , " he said . "  I have caused a lot of trouble for so many people . I decided to step down to bring this to a closure . "  I have no regrets about sumo . There was a big difference about what was reported in the media about the incident and what actually happened . " Asashoryu , real name Dagvadorj Dolgorsuren , is the third most successful wrestler in sumo 's 2,000-year history but also one of the most controversial . He won his 25th Emperor 's Cup title last month but during that tournament he allegedly attacked a man in the early hours of January 16 after a night of drinking , leaving him with a broken nose and other facial injuries according to Japanese media reports . In 2007 he became the first grand champion , or Yokozuna , to be suspended after pulling out of a tournament due to a cited injury and then being filmed playing in a charity soccer match . Asashoryu , who divorced from his wife last year , was also the first Yokozuna to be disqualified from a bout after he pulled the top knot of an opponent in 2003 . Police have yet to indicate whether they will take action over the latest incident , which initially saw one of Asashoryu 's managers say he had been the victim before an unnamed nightclub worker came forward . Japan Today 's Web site reported that the two parties had reached a settlement and made a report to the police on Tuesday . The Japan Sumo Association met on Monday to investigate the incident . " He felt compelled to resign for misconduct which was inexcusable , and the board accepted it , " its chairman Musashigawa said in a statement . "  I want to apologize to all of the fans and to the person injured in the incident . We will work together to make sure there is no recurrence of this . " Sumo wrestlers are seen as almost God-like figures in Japan , but the sport 's image has been hit recently . In 2008 , Russian wrestler Wakanoho was arrested for possessing the illegal drug marijuana and three others were taken away by police over allegations they beat a 17-year-old trainee to death .	Sumo grand champion Asashoryu announces his retirement at tear-filled news conference The 29-year-old apologizes in wake of allegations about a drunken assault on a man He is first Mongolian to become grand champion and third-most successful sumo Japan 's most revered sport has suffered from a series of scandals in recent years
CNN  -- Marin Cilic has fought many battles on the court but the Croatian star may face his biggest fight in the court when he appeals against his nine month doping ban . Currently ranked 24th in the world , Cilic tested positive for the stimulant nikethamide at the Munich Open in Germany last April and will not return to action until February 1 , 2014 . The 24-year-old , who has had the ban backdated to May 1 this year , told an independent tribunal that the nikethamide had entered his system after he took Coramine glucose tablets which had been purchased on his behalf . Cilic will now appeal against the decision by taking his case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport , claiming he was not aware that the Coramine tablets contained a banned substance . "  The substance in question originated from a glucose tablet purchased at a pharmacy in France , " Cilic said in a statement Monday . "  Unbeknownst to me , the glucose tablets contained a substance that is banned in competition . "  I wish to emphasize that I have never knowingly or deliberately taken any banned substances in my life and that I am opposed to any use of performance enhancing substances in sport . " The tribunal accepted that Cilic "  did not intend to enhance his performance " by taking the substance , and ruled he will instead serve a reduced ban of nine months . Cilic , who has not competed since withdrawing from Wimbledon citing a knee injury , has had his results at the Munich Open expunged and has forfeited both the prize money and rankings points from the event . The Croatian reached a career high of No. 9 in the world in 2010 after reaching the semifinals of that year 's Australian Open . Cilic is the fourth tennis player to be hit with a ban for drug violations in 2013 . Serbia 's Viktor Troicki was suspended by the ITF for 18 months in July after being found guilty of failing to provide a blood sample during April 's Monte Carlo 's Masters . But Serbian Troicki has vowed to appeal the decision after alleging the doctor conducting the blood test allowed him to miss the procedure . In May , Brazil 's Fernando Romboli tested positive for diuretics , furosemide and hydrochlorothiazide which resulted in him being handed an eight-and-a-half month ban . In February , Czech player Barbora Zahlavova Strycova received a six month ban after testing positive for sibutramine , a substance which is often found in weight loss products . The ITF has stepped up its fight against drugs cheats since announcing its plan to introduce biological passports in March . Each player will have an individual electronic biological profile and be tested more regularly to monitor their levels and alert the authorities to possible drug use .	Marin Cilic has been hit with a nine-month ban after testing positive for banned substance Traces of Nikethamide found in Croatian 's urine sample taken last April Suspension backdated to May 1 which means he can return on February 1 2014 Cilic will take case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport
CNN  -- Record-setting rains in parts of the Midwest have caused hundreds of flight cancellations and flooding , with one northern Illinois hospital evacuating patients due to rising floodwaters . Forty-four patients were removed Thursday from Morris Hospital in Morris , Illinois , due to the threat of rising floodwaters from the nearby Illinois River that had already soaked the two-story facility 's ground floor , said hospital spokeswoman Janet Long . Of those , 27 were transferred to other hospitals and 17 ended up going home or back to their nursing homes . The evacuation was precautionary , Long said , adding that the hospital 's emergency department will remain open Friday -- when the Illinois River is expected to crest around 7 a.m. Along the same river about 25 miles west in Ottawa , a voluntary evacuation order has been issued for residents in the eastern part of that city , said LaSalle County emergency management official Connie Brooks . Some 100 people have already left two mobile home parks 10 miles farther west in Utica , she added . Rising rivers are just one of the headaches tied to torrential rains in recent days . Back streets and highways have also been inundated by flash floods around Illinois , Indiana and elsewhere , while thousands of would-be air travelers have found themselves stranded . In one 24-hour span reported Thursday afternoon -- at a time when heavy rain was continuing to fall -- some spots in the Chicago metropolitan area had seen nearly 7 inches of rain , according to the National Weather Service . To put that in perspective , the city averages 3.38 inches of precipitation for the entire month of April . Wednesday was the sixth-wettest April day recorded at O'Hare International Airport . But that was just a taste : By 7 a.m. , morning rain had already made Thursday the rainiest April day ever for Chicago . WGN : Sinkhole swallows three cars By Thursday night , most flash flood warnings for the region had been canceled . But parts of seven states had flood warnings , some of which extend until next week , due to concerns about creeks and rivers overflowing their banks . The North Skunk River in Sigourney , Iowa , for example , was at 22.1 feet and rising at 7:30 p.m.  8:30 p.m. ET  Thursday -- well above the flood stage of 16 feet . "  About half the town " of London Mills -- which equates to about 200 people in the central Illinois community some 35 miles west of Peoria -- was evacuated Thursday as the Spoon River continues to rise well above flood stage , said the village 's police Chief Scott Keithley . At least seven structures are flooded , and parts of Illinois Route 116 are underwater . "  This is the worst flooding I 've seen , " Keithley said . And in Chicago , the Chicago River set a record when it crested at 8.57 feet , smashing the record of 7.86 feet set in 2008 , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The weather has also put a damper on many people 's travel plans . Storm damages Oklahoma tire plant The Chicago Department of Aviation reported at one point Thursday that more than 600 flights had been canceled . The situation had improved somewhat by night 's end , though , at which time the Federal Aviation Administration -- for seemingly the first time in days -- was n't reporting significant delays at the city 's O'Hare Airport . American Airlines spokesman Matt Miller said severe weather is affecting its hubs not only in Chicago but also in Dallas/Fort Worth . American and American Eagle have canceled 413 flights on Thursday because of weather , he said . And Southwest Airlines spokesman Chris Mainz cited delays and cancellations because of weather in Chicago and storms in other parts of the Midwest . Video : What is dark lightning , and how dangerous is it ? Testing planes to withstand wild weather CNN 's Dave Hennen and Brandon Miller contributed to this report .	NEW : "  About half " of London Mills , Illinois , or 200 people , is evacuated , a police chief says Flood warnings are in effect for parts of seven states as rivers and creeks rise More than 600 flights are canceled in Chicago , which had its rainiest ever April day A northern Illinois hospital , 2 mobile home parks in Illinois evacuated , an official says
"  Made in America " is a phrase rarely seen in the apparel industry . And while many clothing companies rely on retailers to distribute their products , one apparel company is steering clear of store fronts and selling their American-made clothing direct to consumers . Smart Business meets Bayard Winthrop , founder of San Francisco-based American Giant . CNN : American Giant has no stores or marketing campaigns , and is sold strictly online . How do you compete with other manufacturers ? Bayard Winthrop : One of the big , dirty secrets in the apparel industry is that so much of the cost of what we pay for in our shirts and our pants is chewed up in distribution costs and big traditional marketing budgets . We 're entering into a time where consumers are caring less and less about the corner store , the mall store and big traditional marketing budgets . What American Giant is trying to do is not invest in those things and invest much more in the things that matter to customers and putting a lot of money into materials and into craftsmanship and into American-made products , so it really is looking at trying to be a part of this whole new wave of e-commerce . CNN : More than 97 % of apparel sold in the US Is made in other countries , and eight out of 10 shoes bought in the US are made in China . Why is this ? BW : One of the great misconceptions about the cost of American-made manufacturing versus the cost of manufacturing overseas is that I can pay a worker overseas something less than what I could pay an American worker . And that 's true . But what 's lost in that very blunt analysis is if you think about what it takes to manufacture well overseas , there 's a lot of distance , a lot of language barriers , a lot of time differentials , a lot of quality controlling that you 're doing online or on the phone that you 're not doing in person . If you actually monetize all of those things , I think that the difference between manufacturing overseas and manufacturing domestic is actually a lot less than most people think . CNN : What benefits do you see by having your entire manufacture-base in the US ? BW : By having our supply chain domestic it means that we can very easily be in very close contact with the people that are growing our cotton , spinning our yarn and making our garments . CNN : What are the challenges of having an online-only store ? BW : One thing that traditional retail does pretty well is having a whole bunch of stores out there , which gets the word out easier . It 's a vehicle to get the brand messaging out there . We rely on word of mouth . We rely on selling a sweat shirt to somebody that thinks it 's of such high quality and we 're standing for something that matters to them that they in turn will talk about it and become a fan and be loyal . We fundamentally believe that at the end of the day , it comes down to the product , and if you build a great product , customers are going to say : ` I 'm gon na pick up the banner and talk about the brand and talk about the business . '	Manufacturers American Giant produce all of their clothing in the United States Founder Bayard Winthrop believes that having an American-based manufacturing force is key to product quality American Giant shuns traditional marketing campaigns for an online store
CNN  -- Brandt Snedeker stepped up his bid to win the FedEx Cup playoffs with a superb six-under 64 at East Lakes Saturday to share the third round lead with England 's Justin Rose at the Tour Championship . Ryder Cup wildcard pick Snedeker was one of five players , standings leader Rory McIlroy , Tiger Woods , Phil Mickelson and Nick Watney the others , who came to Atlanta knowing that the $ 10 million bonus payout was theirs with victory come Sunday . World No. 1 McIlroy carded a battling 68 to share fourth place on five-under with halfway leader Jim Furyk and Masters champion Bubba Watson . The Northern Irishman made a crucial par saving putt on the 18th to stay in touch with the leaders going into the last day . "  I wanted to make it because I did n't want to give a shot away right at the end , " he told Sky Sports . "  It 's one of those courses where I do n't think anyone is really going that low . I might need one and hopefully I have saved it for the last day . " Ryan Moore was alone in third on six-under , while Woods kept his chances of overall glory alive with a 67 to trail by four shots . Last year 's U.S. money list winner Luke Donald of England was a further shot behind after holing his second shot to the 14th for a spectacular eagle two . Furyk , who won the FedEx Cup two years ago , looked set to share the lead with Snedeker and the consistent Rose , but ran up a triple bogey on the 18th after finding the water . Snedeker , who has fought back after a poor opening round , was delighted with his efforts . He told the official PGA Tour website : "  My first goal for this week is achieved , and that is to have a chance going into Sunday . " Rose , who has virtually no hope of claiming the top prize , is concentrating on capping his season with the Tour Championship title . "  It 's not an easy golf course . Things can happen out there . But for me , it 's about one tournament . "  I wish I would be in the situation that Brandt 's in . I would trade him , but obviously that 's the position I 'm in . "	Brandt Snedeker and Justin Rose share third round lead in Atlanta Snedeker in contention for $ 10 million FedEx Cup playoff title World No. 1 Rory McIlroy three off the pace in Tour Championship Tiger Woods four back at East Lakes
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Bedraggled , hungry and dazed , the refugees arrived on the shores of Thailand after fleeing one of the most repressive governments in the world -- the hard-line military regime in Myanmar , also known as Burma . This picture provided to CNN is said to show refugees being towed out to sea by the Thai army . But a CNN investigation has uncovered evidence that for hundreds of Rohingya refugees -- members of a Muslim minority group -- abuse and abandonment at sea were what awaited them in Thailand , at the hands of Thai authorities . Extraordinary photos obtained by CNN from someone directly involved in the Thai operation show refugees on their rickety boats being towed out to sea , cut loose and abandoned . One photo shows the Thai army towing a boatload of some 190 refugees far out to sea . Watch the backstory on the investigation " For days , accusations have been carried in several regional papers that the Thai army has been systematically towing boat-loads of Rohingya refugees far out to sea and setting them adrift . The army denied it , and the Thai government has launched an inquiry . CNN 's investigation -- based on accounts from tourists , sources in Thailand and a Rohingya refugee who said he was on a boat towed back out to sea -- helps to piece together a picture of survival thwarted by an organized effort not just to repel arriving refugees , but to hold them prisoner on shore , drag them in flimsy boats far out to sea and then abandon them . Watch CNN 's investigation into reports of refugees being set adrift " Three tourists recently voiced concern to CNN over what they had seen -- and in some cases photographed -- near Thailand 's tourist areas . One tourist provided CNN with photos last week of refugees detained by Thai authorities on a beach near a tourist site , with the refugees prone on the sun-bleached sand while guards stood nearby . "  Whenever someone raised their head or moved , they -LSB- guards -RSB- would strike them with a whip , " said Australian tourist Andrew Catton . A CNN crew traveled to a remote stretch of the Thai coast four hours north of the tourist island of Phuket to investigate the growing reports that the Thai military was secretly detaining Rohingya refugees before towing them out to sea and setting them adrift . In an isolated beach area , debris including sandals and campfire remnants indicated that large numbers of people had been there but were nowhere to be seen . The crew then traveled to a nearby island , where residents reported that refugees who had escaped were living in the jungle . In one hamlet , villagers had captured a Rohingya man they believed had been living in the jungle for days . The refugee , who identified himself as Iqbal Hussain , told CNN he was on one of six boats in a makeshift refugee fleet that arrived in Thailand in December . He said all six boats with their refugee cargo were towed back out to sea in January , and five of the six boats sank . His boat made it back to shore , and he hid in the jungle for days until nearby villagers captured him . In broken English and using sign language and drawings , he described what happened to the other men on the boats : "  All men dead , " he said , putting the number of dead at several hundred . The Rohingya , a persecuted minority in Myanmar , have been fleeing their country in rickety boats for years , in search of a better life . In Thailand , many instead have found deprivation and the possibility of desertion far off shore , according to the CNN investigation . The source who provided CNN with photos of refugees in a boat being towed out to sea stressed that the Thai army had given the refugees food and water , but he also confirmed that the boats had been pulled for more than two days into international waters before they were set adrift . His account directly contradicts briefings by senior Thai army sources who denied any such operation was undertaken . A source in the Thai military , after extensive questioning , did confirm to CNN that the Thai army was operating a dump-at-sea policy . But the source defended it , insisting that each boatload of refugees was always given sufficient supplies of food and water . That source claimed local villagers had become afraid of the hundreds of Rohingya arriving each month , and that they were accusing the refugees of stealing their property and threatening them . CNN asked the government for comment and was told that an investigation was being launched and that Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva has plans to call an emergency meeting once the country 's foreign minister returns from Cambodia . Panitan Wattanayagorn , a government spokesman , gave no timeline for the foreign minister 's return or the emergency meeting . He did say the government is taking the matter very seriously .	CNN finds evidence hundreds of Rohingya refugees abandoned at sea by Thai army Photos show refugees on their rickety boats being towed out to sea , cut loose The army denies setting refugees adrift ; Thai government has launched an inquiry Rohingya have been fleeing persecution of the hard-line military regime in Myanmar
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Misha Di Bono zips around town in her Infiniti sport-utility vehicle , breezy and unconcerned about the price of gas . Misha Di Bono says people used to make fun of her rolling billboard . She gets $ 500 a month and free gas . That 's because she gets $ 500 a month -- plus free gas -- for turning her car into a rolling billboard for Jobing.com , the online recruiting company she works for . "  People used to tease me about the ` Jobing ' mobile , and now they 're like , ` Oh , we 'll get Misha to drive , ' " she said , standing next to her decal-covered car . Jobing.com might be the most extreme example of how companies are helping employees during the current gas crunch . But with gas averaging more than $ 4 a gallon , more and more companies are trying to figure out incentives to help ease the pain at the pump for their employees . Watch a rolling billboard for your company " "  There 's no question companies are feeling the pinch , " said John Challenger , the chief executive officer of global outplacement company Challenger , Gray and Christmas . "  It 's an important issue because no company wants to lose its people . " His firm recently surveyed about 100 human resources executives at white-collar and blue-collar companies . The survey found that 57 percent of the companies offer programs to help ease commutes . The most popular option was reducing the work week from five eight-hour days to four 10-hour days . Twenty-three percent of the companies polled have such an option , Challenger said . Calculator : How much do you need to work to pay your gas ? " "  We 're at a watershed time of how people go to work , " he said . "  Maybe the gas crisis will be the real trigger . " Other incentives : Twenty percent of the companies offer carpools , and 18 percent pay for the cost of public transportation . Only 14 percent of the companies offer telecommuting options , the poll found . The survey reports that companies had seen a recent jump in carpooling of 43 percent and a 23 percent increase in the use of public transportation . Still , 31 percent of the companies saw no increase in their employees ' commuting behaviors . See gas prices around the country " Some of the companies have had the incentives for years , but it 's taken the soaring gas prices for employees to look more closely at the programs . "  It 's something that is much more important than two years ago , " Challenger said . "  It 's hard to get away from , because you 're constantly going back to the gas station . " He added , "  It 's hitting people 's radar screens now . " One company offering generous commuting benefits is online giant Yahoo , which rewards employees who organize carpools , ride bikes to work and take company shuttles to and from offices . Yahoo rewards these green-conscious commuters with free movie tickets , lunches , massages and other benefits . iReport : How is your company helping you The company recently hired an "  employee transportation coordinator " to help devise even more incentives . "  We 've really been listening to our employees to make sure we help them find ways to make the cost of the commute a little less excessive , " said Barbary Brunner , a Yahoo vice president . But it is the Jobing.com vehicle that is most eye-popping . Company spokesman Joe Cockrell says the company started the rolling billboard cars in 2001 , but only three executives took part in it . But now , 60 percent of its 270 employees nationwide drive the cars . Watch a shift from marketing ploy to employee benefit " "  This year , for the first time , we 've had a long waiting list for our wrap , " Cockrell says . "  It 's basically a huge sticker that goes on your car and should last in theory about three to four years . " It costs the company about $ 3,000 to $ 4,000 to turn the cars into rolling billboards . They do have rules : The car ca n't be older than three years , and employees must take a driving safety course and have clean driving records . Once the cars are wrapped , employees should n't flip the bird at other drivers . The company did have to "  unwrap " one employee 's car because he got too many speeding tickets . Cockrell says the program has proved to be a huge win-win . "  These are mobile billboards , and wherever our employees go , so does that billboard . " Di Bono , who works in community relations , says she loves it , too . She says the cost of filling her tank has doubled in recent years . Now , her company pays her to drive her car . "  They pay for everything , " she said . "  They pay for me to go to all my appointments and anything I want to do on my own time . " She added , "  You 'd be a fool not to take advantage of it . " Although many people across the nation are seeking help from their offices , an iReporter in West Virginia recently stopped using his company car and began using his old clunker again . Maurice Alouf 's company paid for his V-8 Chrysler sedan , but he says it guzzled gas on his 80-mile round-trip commute . The company did n't offer a gas allowance , and it was costing him more than $ 60 a week to fill up . So he dusted off his 50-mile-per-gallon Geo Metro . "  It 's not fun , " he said . "  I 'd like to keep driving -LSB- the Chrysler -RSB- , but I ca n't . "	Woman gets paid $ 500 extra a month , plus free gas , for turning car into billboard "  People used to tease me , " says Misha Di Bono Survey finds companies are looking at ways to help ease commuting costs CEO : "  We 're at a watershed time of how people go to work "
CNN  -- Perhaps money ca n't buy happiness . A recent Gallup report shows that Singapore 's wealthy population is the unhappiest -- less happy than the populations of Iraq , Haiti , Afghanistan , and Syria . Singaporeans were least likely to report having positive emotions -- despite the fact that they enjoy one of the highest per capita GDP values in the world . The international pollster measured "  positive emotions . " Carried out last year in 148 countries , the survey asked around 1,000 persons in each country five questions about what positive experiences people had had the day before : if they had been well-rested , treated with respect , if they smiled or laughed a lot , and whether they 'd done or learnt something interesting . In Singapore , only 46 % of the interviewed answered "  yes " to these questions , compared with 55 % reported from people in Haiti and Afghanistan . Even in Syria , where the uprisings that later developed into a civil war took place in 2011 , 60 % of the people asked answered yes to the survey 's questions . Economists in the United States have found that domestically , income only affects daily happiness when earning up to $ 75,000 annually . A higher income than that does n't make much of a difference for American citizens ' well-being , Gallup wrote . The population that reported the most positive emotions was Panama , a country with a per capita GDP ranking 90th in the world . In fact , eight out of the 10 happiest countries in the survey are located in Latin America . As for Singapore , this is not the first time it has come in last in a Gallup poll . Last month , Singapore ranked as the least emotional country , which measured the daily emotions of people in 150 countries during a three-year period . Top 10 happy countries Panama  85 % Paraguay  85 % El Salvador  84 % Venezuela  84 % Trinidad and Tobago  83 % Thailand  83 % Guatemala  82 % Philippines  82 % Ecuador  81 % Costa Rica  81 % 10 least happy countries Singapore  46 % Armenia  49 % Iraq  50 % Georgia  52 % Yemen  52 % Serbia  52 % Belarus  53 % Lithuania  54 % Madagascar  54 % Afghanistan  55 % Read more : Urban farming looking up in Singapore Read more : Best place to buy property in Asia	A Gallup survey shows that Singaporeans are least likely to report positive emotions Singapore has one of the highest per capita GDPs globally U.S. economists have found that income only affects happiness up to a certain amount Panama is the world 's happiest place
Paris  CNN  -- Citing "  unsanitary and unsecure living conditions , " French Interior Minister Manuel Valls ordered police early Monday to dismantle a Roma camp set up along suburban railway tracks in Evry , south of Paris , and expel 72 inhabitants , including 19 children . It is a controversial decision for President Francois Hollande 's Socialist Party , which attacked former President Nicolas Sarkozy when his party dismantled Roma camps around France in 2010 . Since the beginning of August , five camps have been dismantled under Valls ' directive . "  I can not support -- not just as interior minister , but as a citizen , as a militant member of the left -- these shantytowns , these huts where people live in conditions that are totally unbearable , " Valls said in an interview with Europe1 radio . Without giving details , he said the people will be housed elsewhere and will not be deported . However , he rejected the idea of housing all the Roma inhabitants in one building . "  It is necessary to fight against these mafias , these networks who maintain delinquency , who maintain also a criminality notably through the exploitation of minors , " he said of the Roma , who also are called Gypsies . Serge Guichard , of the Roma Europe support group , told CNN that his association was "  shocked and furious " about the dismantling of the camp . "  We 're talking about putting them in the care of the Red Cross . But after one week or two weeks , what happens to them ? They return to the streets ? Those who had a job will be unemployed , and children who were in school will no longer be educated , " he said . "  It is unacceptable that in this country , human rights are not respected , " he said , lamenting the "  incapacity of those elected to see Roma as humans and not objects . " During his presidential campaign this year , Hollande sent a letter to Roma support groups saying that when camps were dismantled , alternative solutions would be proposed . The European Commission investigated Sarkozy 's government for abuses after the dismantling and destruction of Roma camps in 2010 . At the time , Roma who voluntarily left France were given 300 euros in cash per adult and 150 euros per child . Last week , the government sought to appease criticism by easing up on work restrictions for Romanian and Bulgarian nationals . Valls said he will accompany the French minister for European affairs to Romania and Bulgaria to address the question of the Roma encampments in mid-September . Roma are a group of people who live mainly in southern and eastern Europe , often in poverty . They tend to live in camps , caravans or informal settlements and have been the target of persecution throughout history . According to the nonprofit organization Doctors of the World , or Medecins du Monde , around 15,000 Roma people live in makeshift camps across France .	Interior minister 's action means expulsion of 72 inhabitants , including 19 children He says they will be housed elsewhere and will not be deported Move is controversial : Socialist Party attacked party that dismantled Roma camps in 2010 Roma Europe support group says it 's "  shocked and furious " about the dismantling
CNN  -- There are several reasons why Yann Martel 's Man Booker prize-winning novel "  Life of Pi " was considered unfilmable when it was published in 2001 . That most of the story takes place on a lifeboat in the middle of the Pacific Ocean surely did n't help . That the shipwrecked hero , a young Indian boy named Piscine Molitor Patel -- "  Pi " for short -- did n't have another human soul to talk to for 200 days presented another significant challenge . But the most glaring problem facing any aspiring filmmaker would have to be Richard Parker , the full-grown 450-pound Bengal tiger who shares the lifeboat with Pi . Well , it 's amazing what they can do with special effects these days : Richard Parker is such a fabulous and fully realized creation , perhaps nothing is unfilmable now ? We do n't usually think of "  Brokeback Mountain " director Ang Lee as an effects filmmaker , but he gave us the romantic swordplay above swaying bamboo forests in "  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon " and , less happily , "  Hulk " bouncing across the desert like a rubber ball . Here he 's embraced 3-D , and it 's a masterstroke . The slightly artificial quality that comes with this technology -- even wearing the spectacles puts a barrier between the movie and reality -- complements Pi 's magical realist yarn , and Claudio Miranda 's luminous , glossy , color-saturated cinematography gives the movie a picture book look . No surprise , really , that 3-D is ideally suited to lunging tigers and pitching sea . But it 's more than that . In this story Pi must remain acutely aware of distance : the distance between him and the big cat , the restricted space of the lifeboat , and the overwhelming open horizons of the ocean all around him . Underneath , too . Some of the loveliest , most magical images plunge beneath the surface to reveal the myriad marine creatures separated from Pi by nothing more than an inch or two of wood . And , at night , the water reflecting the deep glimmering stars . This is stereoscopic CGI image-making as pure visual poetry , a demonstration of what the medium can do in the right hands that is worthy of comparison with "  Avatar " and "  Hugo . " So how does Pi find himself in this unusual predicament ? That 's prosaic in comparison , and the first act is not quite as nimble as it might have been  there 's a necessary framing device , but also a redundant romantic interlude concocted by screenwriter David Magee for reasons that have more to do with conventional Hollywood wisdom than the demands of this particular tale  . It 's only when Pi 's world is turned upside down that the film really finds its sea legs . Interesting to note that the movie revises and pretty much demolishes the tiger-taming tips Martel came up with -- worth bearing in mind should you ever find yourself in close proximity to a man-eater for a prolonged period of time . The movie 's Pi  Suraj Sharma  is considerably more circumspect than the novel 's , and understandably so -- Richard Parker is more ferocious in the flesh than he was on the page . The tension is welcome and also a discreet approach to violence which should make the movie accessible to children . Even then , to his credit , Ang Lee is never tempted to domesticate this cat , except briefly , when both boy and beast are starving and at death 's door . It 's at this point that the movie conjures its most surreal and outlandish episode , an alluring strange interlude on a floating island that does n't quite catch the horror in the novel 's description . If this climax feels a shade hurried , the poignant coda is written and acted with immense delicacy by Irrfan Khan and Rafe Spall . This transcendent fable carries a real sting in its tail . Ang Lee has made a bold and wondrous movie , one of his best .	"  Life of Pi " is based on Yann Martel 's Man Booker prize-winning novel The story centers on a young Indian boy named Piscine Molitor Patel and a tiger The film is directed by Ang Lee
CNN  -- An 80-year old Austrian man is being investigated for allegedly sexually abusing his wife and his two mentally disabled daughters for more than 40 years , police and a prosecutor said Thursday . The man 's wife died three years ago , investigators said , but the daughters still lived with their father in the northwestern town of Braunau . They slept on a wooden bench and were threatened by their father with a pitchfork , authorities said . "  He isolated the two women from the outside world for all the time , " said Ernestine Heger , one of the prosecutors in the case . Police freed the two sisters in May 2011 , they said . The man is in a nursing home in Braunau while the case is being investigated , authorities said . Prosecutors now have to decide if they will order pretrial detention for the suspect . Austrian police discovered the abuse case by accident , they said . When the 80-year-old man fell on the floor in May , he was unable to get up . His daughters refused to help him for two days . They then entrusted themselves to a social worker , who informed police about their allegations . The two daughters have not yet been questioned by prosecutors . According to Austrian law , they can refuse to testify . In 2008 , Austrian Josef Fritzl was arrested after having imprisoned and raped his daughter for 24 years . He was convicted on charges of incest , rape , false imprisonment , assault and murder and sentenced to life in prison in 2009 . The murder charge was for allowing one of the babies he fathered with his daughter to die shortly after birth . Heger said that in contrast to the Fritzl case , the sisters in Braunau "  were not really imprisoned . "  Although they could not move where they wanted , neighbors have seen them several times throughout the years , " she explained . The two sisters are now in psychological care , officials said .	NEW : The case was discovered through a social worker The 80-year-old man allegedly raped his daughters for 4 decades In a similar case in 2008 , Josef Fritzl imprisoned and raped his daughter Fritzl was sentenced to life in prison
CNN  As controversy continues over underinflated footballs used in Sunday 's game against the Indianapolis Colts , New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick insisted Saturday that the Patriots organization had done nothing wrong . The coach of the Super Bowl-bound Patriots also described simulations the organization conducted that suggest cold weather may cause the air pressure in footballs to drop . "  We feel like we followed the rules of the game to the letter in our preparations , in our procedures and in the way we handle every game that we competitively play in as it relates to this matter , " Belichick said at a news conference called on short notice . "  We try to do everything right . We err on the side of caution . " On Friday , the NFL said the footballs used by the Patriots on Sunday did n't meet league air pressure specifications in the first half of the AFC title game , which the Patriots won 45-7 . A ball with lower inflation is supposedly easier to grip and may give the passer a competitive advantage . The team conducted game-day simulations to find out what might have happened , Belichick told reporters . He said the balls ' were inflated to 12.5 pounds per square inch in a controlled , indoor environment . Regulation pressure is 12.5-13 .5 per square inch . "  We found out once the footballs were on the field for an extended period of time , in other words , they were adjusted to the climatic conditions ... they were down approximately 1.5 pounds per square inch , " he said . The balls were remeasured in a controlled environment , and the air pressure rose about half a pound per square inch , he said . "  The net of one and a half , back to a half , is approximately one pound per square inch " of lower air pressure , Belichick said . "  Once the balls reached its equilibrium state , it was down to 11.5 , " he said . Belichick compared the situation to starting a car on a cold morning and finding a dashboard light showing low tire pressure . When the car warms up after being driven a few minutes , the tire pressure light goes out , he said . Belichick also said losing a pound of air pressure in a football is hardly noticeable and that the feel of the ball is more important . "  When I feel a football , I can tell the difference between slippery and tacky , " the coach said . "  I can tell you from handling all the footballs over the last week that I ca n't tell the difference if there 's a one pound difference or a half a pound difference in any of the footballs , " he said . Eleven of the 12 game balls the Patriots provided for the AFC title game were underinflated by about 2 pounds per square inch each , ESPN reported . Temperatures were in the 50s for the game played in Massachusetts . On Friday , the league confirmed that the Patriots used underinflated balls . "  While the evidence thus far supports the conclusion that footballs that were underinflated were used by the Patriots in the first half , the footballs were properly inflated for the second half and confirmed at the conclusion of the game to have remained properly inflated , " an NFL statement said . The statement said the NFL wants to know "  specifically whether any noncompliance was the result of deliberate action . We have not made any judgments on these points and will not do so until we have concluded our investigation and considered all of the relevant evidence . " Internet reacts to Brady 's news conference Forty interviews have been conducted , the NFL said , but it did n't say whether investigators had talked to star quarterback Tom Brady or Belichick . Brady , the central figure in the controversy , said Thursday that nobody from the NFL had talked to him . He and the coach said they do n't know how the balls became underinflated . Brady and Belichick have taken fire from NFL icons . Speaking Thursday morning on CNN affiliate KTCK Sports Radio , former Dallas Cowboys quarterback Troy Aikman said , "  It 's obvious Tom Brady had something to do with this . For the balls to have been deflated , that does n't happen until the quarterback wants that to happen , I can assure you of that . " Hall of Fame coach John Madden told The Sports Xchange he believed Belichick was clueless about the ball pressure , but "  I can see -- and you hate to make examples of what you can see because that sounds like you are accusing someone -- but I can see that being between the quarterback and the equipment guy . " Some people are suspicious of the Patriots because of a 2007 cheating incident , called Spygate , in which the team stole defensive signals from the New York Jets . Belichick was fined $ 500,000 , and the NFL took away a first-round draft pick . Roxanne Jones , a founder of ESPN The Magazine , wrote in a CNN opinion piece that the NFL should go ahead and disqualify the Patriots from the Super Bowl , strip the team of its AFC title and suspend and fine Belichick and perhaps Brady . At the end of the Saturday news conference , Belichick said he 's tired of talking about the subject as he prepares to face the Seattle Seahawks in the Super Bowl on February 1 . "  I 'm not a scientist , I 'm not an expert on footballs , I 'm not an expert in football measurements . I just telling you what I know , " he said . "  This is the end of this subject for me for a long time . " What the heck is Deflategate ? NFL Executive Vice President Jeff Pash and Ted Wells of the law firm Paul , Weiss are leading the NFL 's investigation , the statement said . Renaissance Associates , an investigatory firm , has been hired to assist in reviewing electronic and video information . The investigation started "  promptly on Sunday night , " the statement said , " and so far has included 40 interviews with "  Patriots personnel , game officials , and third parties with relevant information and expertise . " The inquiry started after Indianapolis Colts linebacker D'Qwell Jackson intercepted a Brady pass in the first half . The Patriots beat the Colts 45-7 . According to Newsday , he took the ball to his team 's equipment staff , who then informed head coach Chuck Pagano , who told general manager Ryan Grigson , who told NFL director of football operations Mike Kensil , who told the officials on the field . However , on Thursday at Pro Bowl practice , Jackson said he did n't say he thought the ball was flat . "  I made a great play on a great player , and I wanted to keep it as a souvenir , " Jackson said in an interview with CNN affiliate KNXV . "  So I handed it off . "  The next thing I know I 'm in the middle of Deflategate , so I do n't know how that happened , and I was just doing my job , and I seem to be in the middle of everything . But I 've got a ton of respect for that organization , New England . They outright beat us hands down , and that 's pretty much all I can say about it . " The Patriots will face the Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX on February 1 in Phoenix . Opinion : Throw the Patriots out of the Super Bowl CNN 's Greg Botelho , Jason Hanna and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Bill Belichick : "  We try to do everything right . We err on the side of caution " Coach says simulations showed footballs lose air pressure in cold weather
CNN  -- Jordan Belfi has a great job : He plays Adam Davies on the HBO show "  Entourage , " a comedy series that takes a look at the life of a young actor , Vincent Chase , and the old friends who surround him in Hollywood . Jordan Belfi arrives at the premiere of "  Entourage " season six in Los Angeles , California . Davies is one of the few characters on the show who has the ability to shake one of the central figures : the unshakeable agent Ari Gold . Belfi has been around since the early days of "  Entourage " and remembers the humble beginnings of his character 's career as an agent under Gold 's direction . Since that first season , Davies has risen to become Ari 's chief rival on the show . Belfi believes conveying the tension between him and Ari is easy , based on the great material he 's given . "  It 's a testament to the writing by Doug Ellin , the creator of the show . It 's just on the page , " Belfi said . "  When you get setups and writing and dialogue and scenes that good , it makes your job that much easier . " CNN talked to Belfi , who 's also in the movie "  Surrogates "  opening Friday  , about his experiences on the show and his inspiration for the role . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : A lot of fans really missed that rivalry between you and Ari Gold . Talk a little about how you and Jeremy Piven kind of prepare for that and try to make that real on screen . Belfi : Adam Davies has become ... one of the few characters on the show that really knows how to get under Ari 's skin and push his buttons . Ari is an entertaining character , and it 's fun to watch him go after things , but people really enjoy kind of when Ari 's off balance . That interplay , that back and forth , particularly the sort of thing that 's happening now -LSB- on the show -RSB- , the constantly one-upping each other , is just really fun to watch . It 's entertaining . And I get that response from a lot of the fans of the show . They love Adam Davies for that reason because he just knows how to do it . Jeremy ... -LSB- is -RSB- an actor with so much power and force and impact that you 're sort of forced to up your game . You 're really present in the moment . And when you 're there and you 're really going back and forth , that 's when the sparks really fly . CNN : Talk little bit about the inspiration you draw from to play Adam Davies . Belfi : I started way back on season one in the beginning of the show . And back then , Adam Davies was still in his cubicle . So a lot of the inspiration came from meetings I had when I was starting out -- you know , behavior I experienced from agents and other industry people when I was starting out . I was in a not-too-dissimilar position . ... And I think that 's what people really respond to . There 's an absolute foundation of truth -- almost scary truth -- to the things Adam says , the things Ari does , all that kind of stuff . And it 's why it 's such a visceral experience for people in the industry and fun for people that happen not to be in the industry . CNN : What are your thoughts on Adam Davies as a person ? Belfi : What gives Ari a little bit of his soul , his heart , is that we have all these scenes with his wife and his family , and you really get to see him as a dad . ... -LSB- But -RSB- we have n't gotten to see any of the personal life of Adam Davies . So I do n't know if there 's anything yet to kind of balance out those ruthless qualities he has . But I think he 's the kind of agent that I 'd certainly like to have if you 're that actor trying to go after that job . You want that agent who 's going to beg , borrow and steal to help prove that you 're the guy . So in that respect , it seems like he 's someone you 'd want on your side . And the thing is , I think that 's what made the rivalry between him and Ari so great . You know when he was coming up , he probably did a lot of the same things -LSB- as Ari -RSB- and ran over people in similar kinds of ways . They 're really kind of the same in a lot of ways . So you 're either best friends or mortal enemies when you share that much in common with somebody . CNN : Exempting Davies , who 's your favorite character on the show and why ? Belfi : Ah ! Impossible question ! I have to exempt Adam Davies from the answer ? ... If I absolutely , gun-to-my-head have to choose , there 's a quality about -LSB- Chase 's brother -RSB- Drama that I 've always loved . And it was maybe more prominent in the first couple of seasons than it is now because it 's evolved slightly . The quality that I always found the most entertaining , is that Drama was always this mix of desperation and simultaneous pride . And that 's really funny . You know at the beginning he was just scratching , begging for something , some chunk of the game or to get back in the game . But he simultaneously kind of knows it all . And that mix is a great comedic mix , comedic recipe . It was both funny and heartbreaking . CNN : Of course , our diehard "  Entourage " fans would love to get some scoop on the coming story lines . You 've got ta give us something . Belfi : A little something ? Well , I do n't think I 'd be giving away too much to say that Adam might get Lloyd . In terms of the story line , there 's some stuff that I 'm told with Drama and his going after this role on "  Melrose Place " and the screen test for that role and the ups and downs of that . And also , some big things happen between Eric and Sloane . But in terms of the really exciting stuff between Adam Davies and Ari , I guess I 'll say this : At the end of season two , when Ari is trying to form his coup , to break up the agency , and Adam is the one who rats him out and gets him fired and humiliated and causes that whole thing ... In the amazing way that Doug has constructed it , all that stuff from the end of season two comes full circle . There 's this one thing that happens that will really stand out and that people will talk about . So some fun , exciting stuff to look forward to .	Jordan Belfi plays acting agent Adam Davies on the HBO show "  Entourage " Belfi has played Ari Gold 's nemesis on the show since the first season "  I think he 's the kind of agent that I 'd certainly like to have , " Belfi says of Davies A little something about coming story lines : Belfi says Adam might get Lloyd
CNN  -- In the golf world , springtime means only one thing : the Masters . The opening major of the season is one of sport 's great spectacles , as the best golfers pit their wits against each other and the unique challenges of the Augusta National Golf Club . Despite being the youngest of the major tournaments -- it was co-founded by the legendary Bobby Jones in 1934 -- the Masters is arguably the most revered of all four . The 365 acres of Augusta National seem to throw up drama on an annual basis -- see the above gallery for some of the tournament 's greatest moments . Follow CNN 's Living Golf team on Twitter Last year was no different as South Africa 's Charl Schwartzel claimed his first Green Jacket , but the tournament will be remembered for Rory McIIroy 's capitulation on the back nine on Sunday . He started the final round four shots clear , but walked off the 18th green having carded an 80 to slip into a tie for 15th . "  It was a huge learning experience . I took a lot from it and took some of the things and put them into practice very quickly , " the Northern Irishman said Tuesday . "  The first time I played the back nine last week , I had these memories that come back and memories you do n't want . That 's fine . I got them out of the way . " With Tiger Woods back in form and installed as favorite to claim a fifth title , the 76th edition of the Masters is poised to add another thrilling chapter to the history books .	The Masters Tournament is the opening major of the golfing year Played annually at the prestigious Augusta National Golf Club in Georgia Tournament co-founded by Bobby Jones is one of sport 's great spectacles
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Porn icon Marilyn Chambers was found dead in her Los Angeles home Sunday night , but investigators do not suspect foul play , according to a Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman . Marilyn Chambers rose to fame as an adult-film actress in the 1970s . Chambers began her career in 1970 as a model for Ivory Snow soap , and starred two years later in the porn classic "  Behind the Green Door . " "  She was a really nice girl , " said actor Ron Jeremy , who co-starred with Chambers in adult films starting in the 1970s . Chambers ' death was a "  total shock , " Jeremy said , because they had been scheduled to sign a contract Monday to perform together in an off-Broadway "  tongue-in-cheek " re-enactment of the porn classic "  Deep Throat . " "  What 's strange is that she was at a stage where she was totally happy and totally content with her life , " Jeremy said . "  Her life was falling together , and she was doing really well . " A family member found Chambers , 56 , in the mobile home where she lived in the Canyon Country area and called police Sunday evening , sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitemore said . The death appeared to be from natural causes , although toxicology tests have not been completed , Whitemore said . The coroner 's investigation has not been completed , and no cause of death has been determined , according to a spokesman with the Los Angeles Medical Examiner 's office . Although her career was mostly in X-rated films , Chambers ' fame was boosted by the irony that her face had graced the Ivory Snow box , a soap advertised as "  99 and 44/100 percent pure . " Chambers eventually co-starred with all of the best-known porn actors of the 1970s and 1980s , Jeremy said .	NEW : She had been set to sign contract for off-Broadway show with Ron Jeremy Marilyn Chambers starred in some of the most famous porn movies of '70s Chambers , once a model for Ivory Snow , was in "  Behind the Green Door " Chambers ' body was found Sunday ; investigators do not suspect foul play
The whisky glows like a candle in the bottom of the glass . Its aroma is rich , deep , musky , inviting . But dare I take a sip ? This is the new Balvenie 50-year-old , which carries a price tag of # 25,000  $ 40,800  a bottle . Which means that the single dram I am holding is worth about # 830  $ 1,350  . Slowly , I raise it to my lips . I am standing in the whisky room at the luxurious Cromlix hotel in Dunblaine , Scotland -- which incidentally is owned by local boy tennis star Andy Murray -- along with a select group of journalists . We have been invited to the exclusive launch of the new 50-year-old , which is only the fourth time the distillery has released a whisky of this age . "  A 50-year-old Macallan featured in  the film  Skyfall , but whiskies of this age are extremely unusual , " says Sam Simmons , global brand ambassador for The Balvenie , who is introducing us to the latest release . "  Nobody 50 years ago knew that people would care about Scotch the way they do in 2014 . Nobody planned to leave this whisky for so long . Its existence is a bit of a miracle . " We tilt our glasses . The butter-colored liquid is rich with notes of cloves , summer flowers , dried fruits and marzipan , underpinned by the woody polish of an old gymnasium . "  It tastes like soap , " somebody says . "  You 've eaten soap ? " Simmons replies . There is a pause . "  It reminds me of the inside of a grand piano , " ventures someone else . "  Whisky of this age has a natural alcohol level of below 50 % , " Simmons explains . "  That 's when very unpredictable chemical reactions happen between the spirit and the wood . That 's the magic time . It creates whisky that is unique , quirky and unpredictable . " Whisky collectors are making big money As extraordinary as this whisky is -- it is exceptionally long , with flavor lingering for several minutes after each sip -- one question is in the back of everyone 's mind . Who would pay # 25,000 for a bottle of whisky ? The answer is people like Mahesh Patel , a whisky collector and building tycoon from Atlanta , Georgia , who once bought a Dalmore Trinitas 64-year-old for # 100,000  $ 166,000  . "  I have about 5,000 bottles , including a lot of old , one-off , high-end whiskies , " he says . "  Over the years , I 've spent about $ 2 million on it . The collection is worth about $ 6 million now . I keep it at different locations all over the world , for security reasons . " Patel is one of a breed of whisky collectors that have found that their passion for the drink has led to great financial gains . Distilleries first hit on the idea of limited editions and special releases in the early Nineties , such as the famous Black Bowmore that came in a wooden presentation case . Collectors like Patel bought the bottles largely for the love of them . But over the decades , their value started to appreciate to the extent that unusual bottles started to be seen as cash cows . Fast-forward to 2014 , and the market is booming . According to the Investment Grade Scotch index that is compiled by UK-based Whisky Highland , the top 100 whiskies appreciated by an average of 440 % in the last six years . Last month , a 50-year-old bottle of Japanese Yamazaki single malt sold for # 20,000  $ 33,000  . In January , Sotheby 's sold a six-liter decanter of Macallan M for # 387,000  $ 631,000  . These transactions are becoming relatively frequent , if not commonplace . Indeed , Whisky Highland expect 30,000 bottles to be sold at auction this year , a 50 % increase on the 20,211 that were sold in 2013 . By contrast , the Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index increased by 31 % in the same period , and the Live-ex Fine Wine 100 Index dropped by 2 % . If you 're a drinks investor with money to spend , it is something of a no-brainer . Is whisky for collecting or drinking ? But most people in the whisky world see collecting purely for the sake of investment as something of a taboo . "  You have to start by drinking the product and enjoying the product , " says Patel . "  Buy two bottles , one to drink and one to collect . Otherwise you 're going against the spirit of the industry . " Andy Simpson , the founding director of Whisky Highland , agrees -- but only to a point . "  There are three types of buyers : drinkers , collectors and investors , " he says . "  I know one person , who shall remain nameless , who is teetotal , and buys whisky only to invest . "  Some people think that this is a crime and whisky should be set free . But from my perspective , people can choose how to spend their money . It 's supporting the industry and that 's a good thing . " Simpson , a former corporate banker , is launching a new business called Rare Whisky 101 , which he describes as "  consultants , brokers and valuers " . "  Whisky has always been collectable , but there were no market figures before Whisky Highland came along five years ago , " he says . "  There were no indices , charts , graphs , nothing . Rare Whisky 101 will have the world 's largest online database of whisky auction sales , so investors can accurately follow the market . " This is the latest contribution to the digital revolution that has transformed the secondary whisky market . Physical auction houses like Bonhams and Sotherby 's have traditionally tended to charge 25 % commission , and hold auctions just a few times a year . By contrast , sites like Scotch Whisky , Whisky Online , Just Whisky and Whisky Auctioneer run online auctions regularly , and charge a commission of just 10 % . "  Those sites have added liquidity into a traditionally illiquid market , " says Simpson . "  They are part of the reason why whisky is booming , and the growing value of whisky is starting to usurp the experience of opening and drinking it . " Whisky investment funds : too good to be true ? The market is gradually showing signs of maturity . In June , the world 's first whisky investment fund was set up by Rickesh Kishnano , the CEO of Platinum Wines in Hong Kong ; another has been established in Singapore . But many seasoned collectors -- who themselves have made millions through buying and selling whisky -- are skeptical about whisky funds , and suggest that potential investors tread carefully . "  They worry me because genuine whisky experts are few and far between , and there is nobody credible behind these funds , " says Sukhinder Singh , founder of the Whisky Exchange , who boasts a "  handsome " private collection of 6,000 bottles that he keeps in his boardroom . "  They are run by people from the wine industry , but you need a lot of knowledge specifically about whisky to make good investments . It 's not about just buying old whisky . I 've been collecting for 30 years and I know everyone who is good . How many whiskies have these guys tried ? Fifty ? A hundred ? That 's not enough . " There are lots of hidden pitfalls , he says . For example , if you invest in a whisky that is not "  amazing to drink " , demand may remain low even if it is a limited edition . And while some bottles go up , it is common for others to lose value . For example , the Royal Wedding limited edition Macallan whisky , which marked the marriage between the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge in 2011 , rose from # 150 to # 1,650 by 2013 . These days , however , after the distillery lost many fans by removing age statements from its bottles , it has depreciated to about # 900 . By contrast , however , the iconic Macallan Private Eye whisky , which was released in 1996 to mark the 35th anniversary of the British satirical magazine , has appreciated from # 35 to about # 1,500 , and shows no sign of falling from grace . Telling the difference between these two whiskies requires significant expertise . The importance of loving your whisky According to Singh , when it comes to whisky collecting , there is no substitute for genuine passion . He still vividly remembers the first bottle in his collection . "  I visited a man in Scotland , and noticed a special bottle on his mantelpiece , with a beautiful , intensely colorful label , " he says . "  It was an original bottling from a distillery called Kirkliston , which had closed in the early 1900s . "  I knew I had to have it . It took me half an hour to persuade him to sell it to me , for # 700 , which was a lot of money at the time . It 's worth about # 20,000 now , but I 'll never sell it . " What advice would he offer an aspiring collector or investor ? "  The whisky market is on fire at the moment , it really is , " he says . "  But you ca n't become an expert overnight . "  As a rule of thumb , buy limited edition bottles from iconic distilleries . But most importantly , learn about whisky , meet the experts and talk to them , and drink as much as you can . " Back in the honeyed presence of The Balvenie 50-year-old , Sam Simmons is inclined to agree . "  Ultimately , whisky is about loving the mystery of the drink , conversation and friendship , " he says . "  Whisky is to be drunk and enjoyed . However high the stakes get , you can never lose sight of that . " Battersea Power Station : The life , death and rebirth of a London icon Biodesign : Why the future of our cities is soft and hairy Flying monkeys and winged goats : Photos that make you question reality	A 50-year-old whisky costing # 25,000  $ 40,800  has been released by The Balvenie distillery in Scotland The top 100 whiskies appreciated by an average of 440 % in the last six years Rare whisky is becoming a popular investment Whisky investment funds have been set up , but seasoned collectors urge caution
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Florence Henderson , "  The Brady Bunch " mom , may be one of America 's best-loved mothers . Florence Henderson is often asked for hugs by complete strangers . As Henderson travels the United States with her one-woman road show , "  All the Lives of Me , " fans respond as if they grew up in her 1970s TV family . "  Every day , I 'm asked ` Can I have a hug ? ' " Henderson said . "  And I do . I hug a lot of people . " And on Mother 's Day every year , her mailbox fills with cards from people she does n't know but who think of her as Mom . "  I get mail from all over the world , 122 countries , " she said . Henderson is using her fame as the iconic TV mother to help other moms who suffer from "  lackus appreciatus , " which she says is "  a condition caused by years of under-appreciation and neglect " of mothers by their kids . Her role as spokeswoman for the "  Center for Lackus Appreciatus Prevention " is part of a tongue-in-cheek campaign sponsored by Kodak to promote an online service where Mother 's Day cards can be sent for free . A video posted on YouTube points to the Mom-a-thon . com Web site , which aims to close the "  appreciation deficit " between what your mom does for you and what you do for your mom . Although just five seasons of "  The Brady Bunch " were produced , starting in the fall of 1969 , children still grow up with the Bradys in syndication . "  It 's never been off the air in the United States , " she said . Henderson said she sometimes encounters mothers who tell her "  You know , I really did n't like you when my kids were small , because they preferred you to me . " She knows the power of her motherly voice , using it to make a reporter feel special with a scolding : "  Do n't play ball in the house ! " For a moment , the interviewer feels like a Brady .	Florence Henderson touring with one-woman show Henderson most famous as mom on "  The Brady Bunch " Show has kept her in public eye , made her symbol for mothers
Cunning wolf ? Working class hero ? Or bland Beijing loyalist ? C.Y. Leung , the Hong Kong leader whose resignation has become a rallying cry for the protesters that have filled the city 's streets this week , was a relative unknown before he took the top job in 2012 . As the son of a policeman who has used the same briefcase since his student days , his supporters said he would improve the lot of ordinary people in a city that has one of the world 's widest wealth gaps . "  He wanted to present himself as someone from the grassroots , not linked to the tycoons ... but people have been terribly disappointed , " says Joseph Cheng , a professor of political science at City University of Hong Kong . It 's Leung 's failure to make progress on the universal suffrage that was promised to the city under the terms of its 1997 handover to China that has rankled Hong Kongers most , bringing tens of thousands of them onto the streets in recent days . Beijing lackey ? One of his nicknames is "  689 " -- a sarcastic reference to the number of votes he obtained from the city 's 1,200-strong election committee , a group of people selected from the largely pro-Beijing elite . And Leung , a former surveyor and real estate consultant , has done little to dispel the prevailing view that he is Beijing 's lackey . A day after being elected as chief executive he paid a visit to the central government liaison office , Beijing 's outpost in the city and he was the first leader to make his inauguration speech in Mandarin -- rather than the Cantonese that is spoken by most people in this former British colony . "  He is in daily communication with Beijing , " says Willy Lam , an adjunct professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong . "  C.Y. is a very obedient cadre . " Despite this , Leung was not in fact Beijing 's first choice to become chief executive . The early favorite was Henry Tang , a bumbling former financial secretary best known for his penchant for red wine . But revelations that Tang 's home had an enormous basement which had n't been approved for planning permission , dubbed an underground palace , derailed his campaign . However , it was later discovered that Leung 's home in the city 's exclusive Peak neighborhood also had an illegal structure . Leung declared ignorance but it undermined trust in the city 's new leader from the get-go and helped earn him another nickname -- "  wolf . " The moniker sounds similar in Cantonese to his family name but also suggests a cunning political operator . His approval ratings have plummeted since 2012 and a plush toy wolf made by IKEA sold out across the city earlier this year as Hong Kongers , eager to use it as a tongue-in-cheek symbol of protest , snapped it up . A gigantic , enlarged effigy of Leung 's head , replete with lupine fangs , has also been a distinctive sight on the streets during the protests . Villain ? For all his colorful nicknames , Harry Harrison , political cartoonist at the South China Morning Post , the city 's main English-language newspaper , says Leung is a difficult character to portray . "  C.Y. , despite his pantomime villain appearance , has n't really turned out to be all that cartoonable , " he told CNN . "  I 've hardly featured him in any cartoons for months now . " Those that do usually feature Leung sitting in his office with a picture of malevolent panda -- symbolizing China -- behind him . The reason , says Harrison , is that Leung is rarely out and about and has little public presence , coming across as aloof . His unease with ordinary members of the public has been on display this week . Leung has only appeared in public three times ; twice for press conferences and once for a National Day flag-raising ceremony attended by dignitaries . Protest leaders have repeatedly called for him to go and refuse to negotiate with him , preferring a meeting with his number two -- Carrie Lam . While Leung says he will not resign , many observers feel his days are numbered , with protesters setting up a makeshift tomb at the protest site . "  Beijing would ... lose face if they were to sack Leung in the near future , " says Lam at the Chinese University of Hong Kong . But "  it 's a foregone conclusion that C.Y. Leung has to go because he is a very divisive and very unpopular figure . "	C.Y. Leung was relatively unknown before taking Hong Kong 's top job in 2012 Chief Executive portrays himself as a man of people but does not enjoy popular support Many in the city believe he is Beijing 's lackey Protester leaders have demanded that he resign -- a demand as yet unheeded
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- The U.S. State Department is calling on Honduras ' de facto president to immediately rescind an emergency decree that limits constitutional rights such as freedoms of expression , travel and public congregation . Robert Micheletti , de facto president of Honduras , says he 'll repeal an emergency decree , but not immediately . "  The freedoms inherent in the suspended rights are inalienable and can not be limited or restricted without seriously damaging the democratic aspirations of the Honduran people , " said State Department spokesman Ian Kelly in a statement late Monday night . Earlier Monday , Roberto Micheletti announced he would repeal the law , but it would not be immediately . The decree will undergo a legal review , he said . Still , Micheletti 's announcement was an about-face . He had announced the policy less than 24 hours earlier in response to unrest that increased significantly after ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya secretly returned to Honduras on September 20 and took refuge in the Brazilian embassy . The 45-day decree announced Sunday night forbids any unauthorized public gatherings , allows officials to make arrests without a judicial order and lets the government close down news media that threaten "  peace and order . " Micheletti said he would consult with the supreme court to repeal the decree , after a meeting with the leading presidential candidates . "  This decision was made because  Zelaya  was calling for insurrection ... but I 'm going to listen to the other powers of the state and we 're going to make the most wise decision in the interests of Honduras , " Micheletti said , according to the newspaper La Prensa . Monday marked the three-month anniversary of Zelaya 's ouster in a military-led coup on June 28 . In the wake of Micheletti 's decree , Jose Miguel Insulza , secretary general of the OAS , said the Canal 36 TV station and Radio Globo were reported closed . The owner of Canal 36 , Esdras Amado Lopez , told CNN that 60 soldiers entered his station Monday morning to shut it down . They removed all of the equipment , he said . "  They say that we offended the dignity of the president of Honduras , Roberto Micheletti , " Lopez said , adding that he sees his station not as pro-Zelaya , but "  pro-people . " Honduran soldiers were stationed in front of the shuttered TV and radio stations and would not allow anyone to enter . The United Nations , the OAS and the European Union have condemned the coup and demanded that Zelaya be reinstated . Micheletti has vowed that Zelaya will never return to power and has said the deposed president will be arrested if he comes out of the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa , the nation 's capital . Micheletti has accused Zelaya of using the embassy to instigate an insurrection and this weekend gave the Brazilian embassy 10 days to decide the ousted president 's status . Brazil rejected the Honduran ultimatum . On Monday night , Zelaya addressed the United Nations General Assembly via a mobile phone that his foreign minister held up at the podium . A "  serious crime is taking place when the voice of the people is silenced and when the people who are being repressed are likewise silenced , " Zelaya said . CNN 's John Zarrella , Kim Segal and journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	Roberto Micheletti said he would repeal decree but not be immediately Decree clamps down on public gatherings , lets government close news media Jose Manuel Zelaya was ousted as president of Honduras three months ago Zelaya has returned to Tegucigalpa and is holed up in Brazilian Embassy
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- North and South Korea will hold three days of talks on reunions for families torn apart by the Korean War and divisions between the two countries , South Korea 's Unification Ministry said Tuesday . North Korean Yun Young-Seob hugs his South Korean sister Yun Bok-Seob at a 2007 reunion in North Korea . The talks , which begin Wednesday , will be the first on the subject in almost two years . The International Red Cross said it was sending delegates to mediate the talks , which will be held at the Mount Keumgang resort in North Korea . North Korea was also to schedule an early-October reunion for families across the peninsula who where separated in the aftermath of the Korean War , KCNA reported earlier this month . Rapprochement talks between the two sides have hit a wall since conservative South Korean President Lee Myung-bak took office in early 2008 with a tougher stance toward the North than his liberal predecessor , Roh Moo-Hyun . Tuesday 's announcement was the latest sign of potential thawing in the icy relationship between the two Koreas , which have technically remained in conflict since the Korean War ended in 1953 . The Korean conflict ended in a truce , but no formal peace treaty was ever signed . Lee met last week , prior to the funeral of former South Korean President Kim Dai-jung , with a visiting North Korean delegation , who delivered a message from Kim Jong Il expressing hopes for improved relations between the two countries . Although the president reiterated his firm stance on North Korea , South Korean Unification Minister Hyun In Taek met with North Korean unity leader Kim Yang Gon on Saturday . The meetings between officials of the two Koreas are in stark contrast to the tense public statements they made about each other earlier this year . Tensions between the two were heightened in July when North Korea launched seven short-range missiles toward the Sea of Japan . The launches came after North Korea conducted a nuclear test on May 25 and threatened the United States and South Korean ships near its territorial waters . South Korea condemned the action , calling the launches "  provocative " and "  unwise . " South Korea is expected to make a second attempt to launch its first satellite later Tuesday after aborting a launch last week when a piece of equipment malfunctioned minutes before launch . Earlier this month , South Korea responded positively , but cautiously , to a joint agreement announced Monday between North Korea and the South 's Hyundai Group to resume cross-border tourism , ease border controls and facilitate cross-border family reunions . Unification Ministry spokesman Chun Hae-sung said that the two sides needed to reach an agreement through direct talks . A Hyundai subsidiary handles all tourism and business projects between the Koreas . The announcement of the agreement followed a weekend meeting between North Korean leader Kim Jong Il and Hyundai chairwoman Hyun Jeong-eun . Under the agreement , South Korean tourists would again be able to travel north across the border to Mt. Keumgang , a popular resort in the communist nation , North Korea 's state-run KCNA reported . Tours to Keumgang were halted in July 2008 after North Korean soldiers killed a South Korean tourist who strayed into a restricted area . CNN Correspondent Sohn Jie-ae contributed to this report .	North and South Korea to hold three days of talks on reunions for families Families were torn apart by the Korean War and divisions between the two countries Talks to be the first on the subject in almost two years IRC sending delegates to mediate the talks to be held in North Korea
KURUTHU , India  CNN  -- In a single , tragic day , Chandrasekhar Sankurathri lost everything he loved . More than 137,000 cataract surgeries have been performed at Chandrasekhar Sankurathri 's eye hospital . "  Nobody should go through what I 've been through in my life , " he says . Sankurathri 's wife and two young children were flying on Air India Flight 182 from Ottawa , Canada , to Bombay , India  now known as Mumbai  , in 1985 when a bomb exploded , killing everyone on board . "  I used to think maybe they landed someplace . Maybe somebody rescued them , you know , " he says . For three years he stumbled through his daily routine as a biologist in Ottawa , not wanting to believe the truth . "  I was really lost , " he remembers . After considerable soul-searching , Sankurathri made a decision few others might -- to turn his personal pain into an opportunity to help those less fortunate . In 1988 , he quit his job , sold his home and returned to India , where he was born , and where he believed he could do the most good . "  India has so many problems , " says Sankurathri , 64 . Two in particular caught his attention : a lack of school attendance and rampant blindness . With the money he had , Sankurathri created a foundation in his wife 's name , and in turn , built a school and an eye hospital in the small rural village of Kuruthu , not far from his wife 's birthplace . Today , his foundation 's efforts to empower the poor through education and health care are having significant success . Since it 's creation in 1992 , Sarada School -- named for the 4-year-old daughter Sankurathri lost -- has grown from one grade to nine . More than 1,200 students have graduated and many of them have gone on to high school and college . Sankurathri keeps in touch with past students . "  We act like a big family , " he says . In a country where the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization estimates the national primary school dropout rate is more than 50 percent , Sankurathri proudly says that not one of his students has ever dropped out . Watch Sankurathri talk about the school he started in memory of his family " The same buses that pick up students for Sankurathri 's school in the morning are often used later in the day to bring eye care patients from other rural areas to the Srikiran Institute of Ophthalmology , Sankurathri 's eye hospital , named for the 7-year-old son he lost . Since the hospital 's opening in 1993 , more than 137,000 cataract surgeries have been performed , 90 percent of them free . "  We see close to 350 outpatients a day and perform 80 surgeries per day , " he says . "  Our mission is to provide quality eye care with compassion , which is equitable , accessible and affordable to all . " But Sankurathri has found that getting patients the care they need often requires educating the public first . "  In India , people are so ignorant . They think cataract blindness is not curable , " he says . "  They are not aware that it is curable and that it is a simple operation . " In fact , about 75 percent of India 's estimated 15 million blind people could avoid blindness with prevention or medical treatment , according to Vision 2020 India . Sankurathri is amazed and delighted by the transformation that occurs after each cataract surgery . Watch Sankurathri explain how he is helping the blind to see again " "  Just within a few hours , you make their lives totally different , " he says . "  Their whole life changes -- the way they walk , they act , they smile . " The goal , Sankurathri says , is not only to help the blind see again , but also to lead a better life . Sankurathri has been back in India for almost 20 years . He insists his work does not make him special . "  I 'm just an ordinary human being trying to do my best to help others . " Watch Sankurathri explain how he turned his personal grief into the gift of sight for thousands " He also believes his journey to honor those he loved has not been a solitary one . "  I feel very close to my family . I feel they are here with me " he says . "  That gives me a lot of strength . "	Chandrasekhar Sankurathri 's wife and children were killed in an airplane bombing The loss inspired him to help with blindness and education in a rural Indian village More than 1,200 students have gone through a school his foundation built Most of more than 137,000 cataract surgeries at his eye hospital have been free
CNN  -- Chris Pratt is officially capital - "  F " Famous . It 's not just because he 's the star of the No. 1 movie at the box office , "  Guardians of the Galaxy , " or because he 's endlessly charming . And it 's not just his physical transformation or his stories about flashing his "  Parks & Recreation " co-star Amy Poehler , although none of that hurts . ` Guardians of the Galaxy ' scores record-breaking weekend No , it 's when your old high school yearbook photos start having value on the Internet that you know you 've really made it . Thanks to the generosity of Reddit user "  warped_and_bubbling , " Pratt fans -- whose ranks seem to grow by the hour -- have been "  aww ! " - ing at the 35-year-old actor 's senior year pic and a "  slightly less dorky " junior photo , along with a couple of others . The Reddit user recalled Pratt being "  the kind of guy who could crack a joke in class and never get in trouble for it , and one of those students who was popular with everyone , " which sounds a lot like the guy we know today . Before he became famous as the goofy Andy on "  Parks & Rec , " Pratt was better known as "  the class clown , " evidence of which can be seen in one of the yearbook photos . As described in the New York Times , Pratt grew up in Lake Stevens , Washington , an athlete and the youngest of three who was n't averse to performing in school assemblies . According to the paper , Pratt did n't have any big plans after high school graduation , and he eventually found himself in Maui .  As the actor recounted on DJ Whoo Kid 's radio show , that era involved living in a van with a friend , smoking weed daily and listening to Dr. Dre 's "  2001 " so much he can still rap "  Forgot About Dre " lyric for lyric . It was while working as a waiter that Pratt , who 'd done a few plays and a little dinner theater , got his first break into Hollywood : Rae Dawn Chong happened to be dining at the restaurant where he worked , and a spontaneous chat led to a gig in his screen debut , "  Cursed Part 3 . " "  I thought it was the best thing I ever read . It probably was the best thing I ever read . I had n't read a whole lot of anything up to that point , " Pratt joked of the short film . "  It was like one of the famous Hitchcock push-ins . My world changed . I knew it right at that moment . " Obviously , Pratt 's come a long way since "  Cursed Part 3 . " He 's still clowning around , but now it can make millions .	A Reddit user has shared photos of Chris Pratt in high school The user says the "  Guardians of the Galaxy " actor was "  popular with everyone " Now , Pratt is the star of a No. 1 movie
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Wearing a plaid green A-line spring skirt from her new fashion line , paired with a black patent leather belt and black leather gladiator sandal stilettos , "  Sex and the City " actress Kristin Davis is the perfect combination of sweet and fierce when we meet up after her fashion show at the Belk department store in Atlanta , Georgia . Kristin Davis surrounded by models and Belk store official Arlene Goldstein . It 's a look that totally says her character , Charlotte , with a little bit of screen pal Carrie . Davis is so much like her character , adorable and upbeat , I expect Carrie or Samantha to drop in on our conversation and say something to shock her . As any true fan knows ... OK ... as every woman knows , watching "  Sex and the City " was like being front row at a fashion show with a plot . TV show and movie costume designer Patricia Field dressed the characters in haute couture as they skipped down the streets of New York City in $ 600 stilettos . But is this reality ? Most sane women would n't choose to walk even one city block in high heels . And most women certainly ca n't spend a month 's rent on a belt or bag , even if they have a truly fabulous party to wear it to . So , what about us , the fashionistas on a budget ? Are we to be ignored , forced to wear boring clothing and practical shoes ? Luckily , no ; designers are catching on . Target features affordable lines from high-end designers like Alexander McQueen and Isaac Mizrahi . All of the pieces in Sarah Jessica Parker 's clothing line Bitten cost less than $ 20 before the clothing store that carried them went under . Davis is the latest celebrity to jump on the clothing label bandwagon , designing a line for Belk department stores . Will she meet the same fate as Parker ? Davis has the following to be successful . Although her character was by far the most conservatively dressed  Carrie strolling through town in just a bra top , anyone ?  , she had the most wearable wardrobe , and Davis became a fashion icon along with the rest of the ladies . Her favorite piece from her line ? "  I ca n't decide , impossible to choose ! " she says . So I choose for her : definitely the gladiator heels . "  It 's important for women to have a strong shoe , " she says . "  Then you can wear anything on top . With a strong shoe on , you 're good to go . " She admits she did n't have a defined style before meeting Field , who bluntly told her that "  Sexy Secretary " was going to be her look . Davis ' philosophy is a good one : Stick with what works . She takes the look that Field defined for her "  Sex and the City " character . Original it 's not , but everything coming down the runway is something the stylish Charlotte York would definitely wear . Davis is in touch with all of us real women out there , saying , "  I do n't want to make clothing that only skinny actresses could wear . " Her solution ? Dresses , shoes and swimsuits worthy of a "  Sex and the City " episode that you do n't need Park Avenue pockets to afford . It 's versatile enough to look good on every body type . "  Everyone has body issues . I really wanted to create pieces that looked good on different kinds of bodies . I had all of my family members trying on the outfits ! " she says with a laugh . Davis wo n't spill any secrets from the scripts of the "  Sex and the City " movie sequel , which comes out in May 2010 , but she admits it 's a "  happy " movie . She does hint that our famous foursome might have to cut back a little on their clothing expenses as art imitates life . And she 's willing to share some fashion tips : How to look like you stepped out of the wardrobe room on the set of the next "  Sex and the City " movie ? Green . "  It 's THE color " she says . And hey , who does n't need to save some green ? It all works out perfectly . I left the meeting with Davis to check out her displays . Then I skipped out into the streets of Atlanta , in a pair of her new gladiator stiletto sandals . That I got on sale , of course .	"  Sex and the City " actress Kristin Davis says women need strong shoes The actress says her new fashion line fits different types of bodies She says "  Sex " movie sequel will have characters spending less Green will be the hot color in the latest movie , Davis says
Laurel , Maryland  CNN  -- On a late afternoon in early June , undercover police officers circled a one-story highway motel north of Washington . Inside was a 12-year-old girl who told her mother she was being forced to work as a prostitute . According to her mother , the girl had started running away from home earlier this year . She found out her daughter was in the sex trade when she saw her in an adult online classified ad . The girl was advertising herself as a 24-year-old with a bogus name . The next time she ran away , her mother reported her missing . Read the police press release According to police and anti-trafficking advocates , the internet has now become the preferred way to sell women for sex . It 's fast and convenient for the pimps and relatively safe for the men who pay for sex . Instead of trolling the streets , they can now look through hundreds of girls from the safety of their homes or hotels . This time , the girl was lucky . She called home , and the call was traced to a Knight 's Inn in Laurel , Maryland , where police were quickly on the scene . They rescued the girl and arrested a 42-year-old man and charged him with human trafficking . Of all the sites that offer "  adult services , " Craigslist is one of the most popular . The online classified ad site is used regularly by about 50 million Americans for everything from buying used lawn furniture to finding a job or a roommate . It 's also used to sell sex , making Craigslist a prime target of a nationwide campaign against internet prostitution . "  Most of the young women we 've worked with who have been exploited online talk about Craigslist , " said Andrea Powell of the anti-trafficking group The FAIR Fund . "  Craigslist is like the Wal-Mart of online sex trafficking right now in this country . " According to police who investigated the case of the missing 12-year-old , she had previously advertised on Craigslist under a false name and age . Craigslist declined to provide copies of the ad , citing privacy concerns . Craigslist founder Craig Newmark defended his site , saying it is doing more than any other site that hosts adult ads to help filter out underage prostitutes and report them to police . In 2008 , under pressure from state prosecutors , the website raised the fees for posting adult services ads . In 2009 , it started donating portions of the money generated by adult ads to charity . Craigslist also began to manually screen all ads and said it would refer any suspected underage girls to law enforcement . That 's not good enough for anti-trafficking activists . For all its reforms , they say Craigslist still has no way of knowing whether the females being sold are women or girls and is doing too little to help police identify and rescue children who are being sold for sex . A CNN investigation of Craigslist 's "  adult services " section , which replaced "  erotic services ads " two years ago , counted more than 7,000 ads in a single day . Many offered thinly veiled "  services " for anything from $ 50 for a half hour to $ 400 an hour . Many of the ads had photographs attached , and in many of those it was difficult to tell whether the female was an adult or a minor . Ads with words suggestive of youth , like "  young " and "  fresh , " received a flood of responses from men who clearly expected sex in exchange for money . One 20-year-old said it 's the easiest and cheapest way to get customers . A 20-year-old identified only as "  Jessica " works out of low-rent hotels on Washington 's busy Interstate 95 corridor . She posts ads mid-morning for $ 10 and says she earns up to $ 250 from each man who answers and shows up . She told CNN her "  man " -- her pimp -- was good to her , but that the vast majority of the females who post ads are run by pimps who force them to have sex with as many as a dozen men a day . She said many of the prostitutes give everything they earn directly to the pimps . If they do n't , they 're beaten . "  Girls are called ` yes bitches ' and ` no bitches . ' Yes bitches are what the pimps want , " Jessica said after applying makeup to cover bruising on her face . "  My advice is if you 're doing this to be a yes bitch . Otherwise , you 're going to have a very hard time . " Just how many of the ads include children is extremely difficult to establish , but many of the photos that accompany the ads on Craigslist are questionable . A classified posted alongside Jessica 's ad in the Washington market showed an African-American woman in her underwear offering herself for $ 250 an hour . Like dozens of other pictures posted the same week , her face appeared very young . According to internet research firm the AIM Group , Craigslist this year is expected to earn a third of its revenue -- more than $ 36 million -- from its adult services section alone . AIM Group 's summary report on Craigslist Craigslist says any increased revenue is partly because it was required to charge more for adult ads under a 2008 agreement with government officials intended to curb the volume of online adult ads . But the amount it is earning has opened the website up to charges that it 's profiting from the exploitation of women . According to its own rules , Craigslist requires anyone using its adult services section to immediately report any suspicious ads to a national tip-line run by the Center for Missing and Exploited Children . The head of Washington 's Metropolitan Police anti-prostitution unit said Craigslist "  never " reports suspicious ads to his department . "  It does bother us from a law enforcement perspective , because the problem is so rampant that you know to get a handle on it we need all the assistance we can get , " Metropolitan police inspector Brian Bray said . "  If they 're notifying , I 'm not sure if they 're notifying the right people , because we 're not getting a call . " Craigslist spokeswoman Susan MacTavish told CNN in an e-mail that of all the websites that offer adult services ads , Craigslist is the leader in pushing users to report any suspected violation . She said the site cooperates fully with law enforcement , and that fewer than one ad in 10,000 meets the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children 's guidelines for anti-trafficking action . MacTavish also noted that Craigslist requires anyone posting an ad to give the website a phone number , which is verified as being real . She said that because Craigslist follows the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children 's guidelines , the percentage of ads in its adult services section that are in fact children is "  effectively zero . " The head of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children said his group has recently started to get referrals from Craigslist , but that it has no direct say in how Craigslist determines what ads are worth reporting . "  We are not a part of their initial screening and review process , and do n't see exactly what their screeners see or know how they make their determinations as to what is actionable and reportable , " director Ernie Allen wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  We are now getting reports from them regarding suspected violations and that is a good thing . The key question is -- are they doing enough ? " To another national advocacy group , the Rebecca Project , there 's only one answer to Craigslist 's adult services dilemma : Shut it down . The Rebecca Project has published open letters to Newmark from a former underage prostitute who says her pimp forced her to sell her body and used Craigslist to drum up customers . "  We hear this story every single day of girls who are being bought and sold , American girls who are being bought and sold through the internet , " said Malika Saada Saar , executive director of the Rebecca Project . Read Saada Saar 's commentary on CNN.com She believes many Americans are either unaware of just how many girls are being sold on sites like Craigslist or simply chose to ignore the problem . "  I think we have an easier time looking at these girls when they are in India or Thailand and being thoughtful or supportive of those girls , " Sadaa Saar said . "  But when those girls come from Southeast D.C. , or Toledo , Ohio , or Atlanta , Georgia , we are challenged at being able to see them as victims . It 's much easier to call them bad girls or girls acting out , as opposed to recognizing these are girls who are vulnerable , who are being raped and exploited . "	Popular online ad site Craigslist is a target of anti-prostitution activists Founder Craig Newmark says the site does "  more than anyone " to help Site carries more than 7,000 "  adult services " ads in major markets daily Research group says the ads make up a third of Craigslist 's revenue
CNN  -- IBM 's reported plans to lay off thousands of U.S. workers and outsource many of those jobs to India , even as the company angles for billions in stimulus money , does n't sit well with employee rights advocates . Business Week reports that IBM 's workforce increased from 386,558 in 2007 to 398,000 at the end of 2008 . IBM employees are being dealt a double blow , said Lee Conrad , national coordinator for Alliance@IBM, a pro-union group that has been fighting IBM 's outsourcing for years . "  We 're outraged that jobs cuts are happening in the U.S. and the work is being shifted offshore , " Conrad said . "  This comes at the same time IBM has its hand out for stimulus money . This to us is totally unacceptable . " IBM wants a share of the money in President Obama 's American Recovery and Reinvestment Act for projects updating power grids , creating electronic health care records and furthering the use of broadband . "  In the research we 've done working with the transition team , we know that $ 30 billion could create 1 million jobs in the next 12 months , " IBM CEO Sam Palmisano said in January . Watch how IBM hopes to benefit from the stimulus " The problem is where those jobs would be , said Ron Hira , a professor of public policy at the Rochester Institute of Technology . "  This is really a question of policy , " Hira said . "  IBM is doing what 's in its best interest , and in this case it 's not in the best interest of America . And that 's why you need policymakers to step in to ensure that this money gets spent to create American jobs . " Watch the outcry generated by IBM " IBM has not responded to multiple requests for comment from CNN after the Wall Street Journal 's report that the IT giant would be shipping 5,000 U.S. jobs overseas . "  We have no problem with job creation in other countries , " Conrad said . "  We have no problem with global expansion . We realize IBM is a global company and has been for many years . But this is different . This is cutting jobs in the U.S. and shifting the work offshore . This is n't job creation . It 's job shifting . " According to Business Week , IBM has indeed been shifting jobs . The magazine reported that the company 's workforce went up from 386,558 at the end of 2007 to 398,000 at the end of 2008 . But U.S. employment fell from 121,000 to 115,000 during the same time . Hira , author of the book "  Outsourcing America , " said it 's not just IBM moving jobs out of the United States . "  The problem here , though , is that these companies have an inordinate influence over the political process , " he said . "  They have a huge , disproportionate amount of power , political power , and can influence the process . " For that reason , he said , "  you really do need the American public to sort of stand up and say , ` Wait a second . This is just not right . ' ... I certainly hope that there 's a backlash , because there should be . This is bad for America . " CNN 's Mary Snow , Jennifer Rizzo and Vivienne Foley contributed to this report .	IBM criticized for plans to shift U.S. jobs to India while seeking stimulus money IBM CEO has said $ 30 billion could create 1 million jobs in next 12 months Plan shows conflicting interests between IBM and U.S. , analyst says American public needs to stand up and say , ` This is just not right , ' analyst says
CNN  -- A Marine accused of killing his soldier wife was advised of murder and arson charges against him in a brief hearing before a judge on Tuesday . Lance Cpl. Kyle Alden , left , and Marine Cpl. John Wimunc are accused in the death of Holley Wimunc . Marine Cpl. John Wimunc was charged with first-degree murder and arson for the death of Army 2nd Lt. Holley Wimunc , 24 , who went missing after her home was set ablaze last week . Another Marine , Lance Cpl. Kyle Alden , was charged with arson and felony accessory after the fact to first-degree murder . The case has drawn national attention , but John Wimunc 's lawyer cautioned the public Tuesday against forming an opinion on the case . "  He is to be presumed innocent , " attorney D.W. Bray said outside the courtroom . "  We have soldiers fighting all over to preserve that right . He should not be tried in the media . " A judge scheduled Wimunc 's next court hearing for August 5 . Wimunc and Alden were stationed at Camp Lejeune , and Holley Wimunc was stationed at nearby Fort Bragg . Joe Lenczyk , resident agent-in-charge for the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said Holley Wimunc and her husband were estranged and lived apart . Authorities began searching for the missing soldier after her Fayetteville , North Carolina , apartment was torched July 10 . On Sunday , a witness found a charred body in a wooded area , but Fayetteville Police Detective Jeff Locklear said police were still awaiting a positive identification from the medical examiner . Watch Nancy Grace report on the missing soldier " However , the lieutenant 's father released a statement Monday saying his daughter , a mother of two and nurse at a military hospital , was dead . Wimunc is the second female soldier from Fort Bragg to die under suspicious circumstances in recent weeks . Spc. Megan Lynn Touma , 23 , was seven months pregnant when she was found dead in a bathtub at a hotel in June , authorities said . Investigators say they are treating that death as a homicide . Camp Lejeune also had a homicide case involving a female service member this year . The charred body of Marine Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach , 20 , was found in January in the backyard of another Marine stationed at the base . She was eight months pregnant when she died . Marine Cpl. Cesar Laurean has been charged with first-degree murder in connection with the case . He was arrested in Mexico in April , but because he holds citizenship in the United States and Mexico , he can not be immediately deported and must go through the extradition process . If he chooses to fight extradition , it could take two years to return him to North Carolina , authorities said .	Marine Cpl. John Wimunc accused of first-degree murder and arson for wife 's death Lance Cpl. Kyle Alden accused of arson and accessory after the fact to murder Authorities awaiting identification of charred remains found on Sunday
CNN  -- As part of a scheme to encourage reading , 50 benches designed in the style of popular novels or kids ' stories have been scattered around London . Visitors to the city can find the book benches , which mainly celebrate London 's rich literary heritage , by following a series of trails around areas with strong links to writing and writers . Several prominent artists -- including Ralph Steadman , the surreal cartoonist and one-time sidekick of Hunter S. Thompson -- have been involved in creating benches that feature enduring characters such as Paddington Bear , Mary Poppins , Sherlock Holmes and James Bond . The "  Books about Town " trails , launched by two UK charities , the National Literacy Trust and Wild in Art , can be found in London 's Bloomsbury , Greenwich , Riverside and City areas until mid-September 2014 . For those who ca n't get enough of literature-themed loungers , the benches will be auctioned off in October with proceeds going to help fight illiteracy .	Fifty benches celebrating popular London-linked fiction have been scattered about London Paddington Bear , Sherlock Holmes and Mary Poppins among literary creations celebrated by the benches Seating trails will be in place until September after which the benches will be auctioned for charity
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama called Wednesday for a series of steps to help Americans conserve and get in touch with nature , including full funding of the $ 900 million Land and Water Conservation Fund for only the third time in its existence . At a White House event , Obama also proposed creating a Conservation Service Corps to help young people find work in the outdoors , and extending the tax deduction for donating private land for conservation . The proposals are part of an action plan by the America 's Great Outdoors Initiative , which Obama launched last year to promote community conservation efforts to protect the nation 's natural heritage and help people experience it . "  These are the right steps to take for our environment , but they 're also the right steps to take for our country , " Obama said , citing job creation and economic growth , scientific research and helping American kids experience nature . The action plan calls for creating more urban parks , restoring rivers and creating recreational "  blueways " -- river trails designed to generate economic activity , and increasing support for protecting rural landscapes . Mindful of the budget battle in Washington , Obama noted that existing government revenue from oil and gas extraction would pay to fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fun , which was created in 1965 to help purchase land and water property for conservation . It would be only the third time in history that the fund reached its maximum level of $ 900 million , Obama said to applause , adding that "  our attitude is if you take something out of the Earth , you have a responsibility to give a little bit back to the Earth . " The Conservation Service Corps would be roughly modeled on the Civilian Conservation Corps of the 1930s to help young Americans find work involving nature and conservation . "  To encourage young people to put down the remote and video games and go outside , we 're going to establish a new Conservation Service Corps so they can build a lifelong relationship with their national heritage , " Obama said to more applause . Every year , America loses about 1.6 million acres of its working farms , ranches and forests to development , according to a report by the U.S. Department of Agriculture . CNN 's Sarah Jones contributed to this story .	President calls for creating a 21st-century conservation ethic The plan includes fully funding the Land and Water Conservation Fund A new Conservation Service Corps would provide outdoor jobs for young people
