CNN  -- In a scene from NBC 's "  Parenthood , " two parents are attempting to get their 8-year-old son ready for school . The child insists on wearing a pirate costume to class , again . His father asks him to take it off so he wo n't get teased . His mother says it 's OK , mainly so she can get him out the door on time . It could be a scene from any prime-time comedy . But its context in "  Parenthood " is unusual . The 8-year-old boy , the son of main characters Adam and Kristina Braverman , has been diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome , an autism spectrum disorder . What is Asperger 's syndrome ? Perhaps because tackling a sensitive issue such as living with a child with special needs can take a deft touch from the writers , producers and actors , a storyline dealing with autism spectrum disorders is n't something that 's been portrayed often in Hollywood . The most recent regular prime-time character with Asperger 's was Jerry Espenson on ABC 's "  Boston Legal . " The character 's run lasted from 2005 until the show ended in 2008 . Another ABC show , "  Grey 's Anatomy , " introduced a short term character during the 2008-2009 seasons . Dr. Virginia Dixon appeared in a three-episode arc . "  Parenthood " is one of the few shows that have included a regular character with Asperger 's from the beginning . The show has gotten good reviews in general and favorable comments from people affected by the disorder . One CNN.com reader named Dani , who has an 8-year-old with Asperger 's , wrote , "  Overall I think it 's been really true to the behavior our Aspie kids display -- which is often confused for being naughty or a lack of discipline . Thanks for doing your homework NBC ! " Because the show has received good reviews and positive feedback from families affected by the disorder , it may seem apparent that including a character with Asperger 's was a good move . Executive Producer Jason Katims says it was n't so clear at the beginning . "  I think there were moments everybody had of whether to do it , including myself , " he said . "  I felt like it was a big thing to take on . It 's a very personal thing to me . " He 's not exaggerating . He has a son with the disorder , and though he had an intimate knowledge of dealing with Asperger 's , he sought out experts to help shape the characters and the stories . "  When I decided to take this on , I felt an enormous responsibility to make this as real as possible , " he says . The show consults with psychologists , teachers and other parents "  to make the depiction of both this character and his parents as accurate as possible . " A behavioral therapist consultant works with Max Burkholder , the actor who plays Max Braverman , and with Monica Potter and Peter Krause , the actors who play Max 's parents , Kristina and Adam Braverman . The consultant also works with other cast members whose characters interact with Max and with the show 's directors . NBC has been very supportive , Katims adds . He said there was a conversation with the network , not about whether to introduce the storyline , but how quickly . Peter Bell , the executive vice president of Autism Speaks , the country 's largest autism science and advocacy organization , said his group had n't worked with "  Parenthood " on scripts , but Bell was on set recently to be a part of the May 18th episode . He had a chance to talk with the actors and production staff . Bell called the cast and crew "  thirsty " for information about Asperger 's and autism . "  I was really struck by how wonderful they all were and how interested in the topic they are . " The work the cast and crew has put into the show seems to have drawn the audience 's interest . The day after the episode in which Max was diagnosed , Asperger 's was one of the most searched subjects on Google . That pleased Katims . He says a character like Max can help take the mystery out of Asperger 's , which is important for people who are dealing with the disorder . Not everyone has been pleased with "  Parenthood 's " treatment of autism . CherieT commented on CNN 's Marquee blog that the show "  misses the mark sometimes on Asperger 's traits . " She says while she 's glad to see a show trying , "  Parenthood " gets more things wrong than right . Blogher.com writer Angela Timpone , the owner of a business that supports families with autism and the mother of a boy who was diagnosed with autism five years ago , has taken issue with how the writers are handling Max 's education . In an early episode , Adam and Kristina meet with a teacher at Max 's public school , who says Max does n't fit there . Max is almost immediately moved to a private school . In her post , Timpone notes laws require public schools to provide an education to all students , even if the schools must make accommodations for special needs students . She said the writers could have drawn some good stories from showing Kristina and Adam advocating for Max in the public school . "  I know the drama of it all was captivating . There 's also drama in the fact -LSB- parents of autistic kids -RSB- have trouble with the public school system , " she said . She also thinks the show has n't delved deeply enough into the financial and emotional strains an autism diagnosis can put on a family . She understands the show can only do so much , but "  I wish maybe they had dialogue about how this costs so much money , " and how making changes in a child 's care and education can change the family dynamic . Katims expected criticism . "  I would be critical because I know what it 's like , " he says . "  You want to be truthful to the situation , but you 're also storytellers . " Timpone says she enjoys the show , and through her Facebook page , she 's heard from other moms of autistic children who liked the depiction of what Kristina Braverman goes through . She says it 's great more people are hearing about autism , "  but it 's not the regular autism family story . "	NBC 's "  Parenthood " portrays a family in which the son has Asperger 's syndrome Autism in its various types is n't often depicted in prime-time television Producers use consultants to keep the storyline as accurate as possible The show has faced some criticism over lack of realism
Washington  CNN  -- Army Secretary John McHugh ordered a new investigation into poor record keeping and other problems at Arlington National Cemetery even as a separate investigation ended without an absolute answer to who is buried in a grave marked "  Unknown . " "  As the final resting place of our nation 's heroes , any questions about the integrity or accountability of its operations should be examined in a manner befitting their service and sacrifice , " McHugh said in a statement after signing the order directing the Army 's Inspector General to begin an investigation into allegations regarding cemetery operations . The Army IG is already in the middle of an investigation ordered by the previous secretary of the Army to review management of the cemetery . In recent years , the cemetery -- where President Kennedy and thousands of fallen U.S. soldiers , sailors , airmen and Marines are buried -- has had a number of embarrassing problems . In 2008 , the cemetery discovered that workers inadvertently buried cremated remains at a grave site already in use . Those remains were moved to another grave site . In 2003 , as workers were digging a grave for a new burial , they discovered a casket already buried there . There was no headstone or grave marker to indicate who . Only recently , after a report by a journalist at Salon.com , did the Army take action on the problem . Over the summer , the cemetery put up a headstone on the mystery grave that reads "  Unknown . " As McHugh ordered the new investigation , the Army released results of a separate investigation of problems at the cemetery . That investigation focused on the discovery of the "  Unknown " grave . A spokesman for the Military District of Washington , which conducted the review , said "  Cemetery records , the MDW investigation , and the non-invasive geophysical analysis of the grave sites strongly indicate that a husband and wife , who died years apart and should have been buried in the same grave site , were instead buried in adjacent graves . " A DNA test of the remains in the two adjacent graves could prove conclusively that is what happened , but the family of the husband and wife did not wish for their remains to be disturbed . The MDW said the Army will abide by the family 's wishes and has ordered a headstone to properly mark the wife 's grave . One of the problems discovered by the MDW investigation was a possible lack of adequate staffing at the cemetery . Last year Arlington conducted 4,377 burials , up more than 21 percent over the past 10 years . During that same period the number of civilian staff members has dropped nearly 19 percent . Currently the cemetery has four employees to schedule 135 to 150 funerals a week as well as maintain all grave records . Arlington , which sits on a hill across the Potomac River from the Lincoln Memorial , has been the final resting place for America 's military heroes since the Civil War , when the Union seized the estate from the family of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee . McHugh hopes this new investigation will "  ensure America 's confidence in the operation of its most hallowed ground . "	Army Secretary John McHugh orders inquiry into poor record keeping Previous investigation sought to identify remains in grave marked "  Unknown " In recent years , the cemetery has had a number of embarrassing problems
Kung fu movie star Jackie Chan says he "  takes responsibility " for the drug charges laid against his son , 32-year-old Jaycee Chan , in Beijing . Police detained the junior Chan , who is originally from Hong Kong and also an actor , as well as Kai Ko , a 23-year-old Taiwanese actor , during a raid on August 14 in Dongcheng district , Beijing , state media said . Both men tested positive for marijuana . Jackie Chan publicly addressed the incident for the first time on Wednesday evening , through messages posted on his account on Weibo , a Chinese microblogging platform . The star of "  Rush Hour " wrote that he felt "  extremely furious " and "  extremely shocked " at the news of his son 's drug woes , adding that Jaycee 's mother is "  heartbroken . " "  I hope that young people will see Jaycee as a cautionary tale and stay away from drugs , " wrote Chan , who once campaigned against drug use and was named an anti-drugs ambassador in China in 2009 . "  I failed to teach my son and I should also bear responsibility . Jaycee and I deeply bow in apology to society , " concluded Chan on his Weibo , which has more than 23 million followers . ` Really sorry ' After detaining the young actors , police searched Jaycee Chan 's apartment and found more than 100 grams of marijuana . He was also accused of "  hosting others to take drugs , " the state-run China Daily said . He could face three years in jail under Chinese law . State broadcaster CCTV aired footage of Chan , his face blurred , showing police where the drugs were hidden at his home , while Ko was shown making a tearful apology . "  I very much regret what happened . I 'm very sorry to those who support me , like me or even know me personally , " he said . "  I just want to tell them I 'm really sorry . I 've set the worst example , which had the most terrible influence . And this is a huge mistake . " Celebrity targets The two actors are being seen as the targets of the capital 's latest anti-drugs campaign , which has snared more than 7,000 people for using drugs since January , a 72 % year-on-year increase , according to China Daily . Celebrities are increasingly in the spotlight , with a number of high-profile arrests over drug-related incidents in recent months , including popular movie actor Zhang Mo and singer Li Daimo , who was sentenced to nine months in jail for hosting a crystal meth party at his home , according to the China Daily . Earlier this month , dozens of management agencies representing performers in the entertainment industry signed an agreement with Beijing authorities banning drug use from the industry and pledging to sack artists who break the law .	Jackie Chan publicly addresses son 's drug bust for the first time "  I 'm extremely furious . His mother is heartbroken . " Police found more than 100 grams of marijuana at son 's Beijing apartment The kung fu star was an anti-drugs ambassador in China
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford , hospitalized this week after the discovery of an abdominal tumor , has decided not to seek re-election . At the advice of his doctors and family , Ford said he will focus on getting better . "  My heart is heavy when I tell you that I 'm unable to continue my campaign for re-election as your mayor , " the controversial politician said in a statement Friday . Ford 's term officially ends December 1 . "  People know me as a guy who faces things head on and never gives up , and as your mayor I have done just that , " Ford said . "  Now I could be facing a battle of my lifetime , and I want the people of Toronto to know that I intend to face this challenge head on , and win . " Ford asked his brother , Doug Ford , to run for mayor in the October 27 balloting . "  He told me that he needed me to take the torch while he focuses on getting better , " Doug Ford said at a press conference Friday evening outside his mother 's home . "  He told me he could n't bear the thought of city hall returning to the old days at the expense of the good , honest , everyday people , " he said . Doug Ford , who has been one of the mayor 's strongest supporters during the controversies that have plagued him , said he is honoring his brother 's request and would have more details next week about his own campaign for mayor . The president of Humber River Hospital said Wednesday that the mayor -- just over two months removed from treatment for substance abuse -- has been admitted to the hospital , where doctors will try to get "  a definitive diagnosis . " "  It is being investigated further and we need to determine exactly what type of tumor it is , and then we can decide on what type of treatment is required , " said Dr. Rueben Devlin , the Toronto hospital 's president . According to Devlin , Ford has been "  complaining of abdominal pains " for over three months that got worse over the last 24 hours . That prompted the mayor to go the hospital , where a CT scan revealed the tumor in his abdomen . It 's not known yet if the tumor is malignant , according to Devlin . The health ailment adds to the list of struggles facing Ford , whose fall from grace began in May 2013 with the release of a cell phone video that appeared to show him smoking crack cocaine . The Toronto city council largely stripped him of his mayoral powers months later over those and other allegations of bad behavior . Ford did n't back down , though , instead vowing "  outright war " on the city council . The mayor apologized for "  a lot of stupid things , " including having used crack cocaine , but he refused to resign or enter rehab . In fact , despite all the criticism and his becoming a punchline for jokes in Canada as well as the United States , Ford launched a bid for re-election . This past spring , after a local newspaper reported on a new video that allegedly shows him smoking crack cocaine , Ford relented on one front : by going into rehab . He returned to work in late June , after a two-month rehab stint , saying he was "  ashamed , embarrassed and humiliated " by some of his past actions . But he refused to resign or refrain from campaigning , saying to the voters of Toronto , "  I look forward to serving you for many , many more years . " ` Ashamed , embarrassed ' Rob Ford returns as Toronto mayor after rehab	Doug Ford says he 's honoring his brother Rob 's request to run for mayor Rob Ford withdraws from mayoral race after tumor is found It 's not known if the tumor is malignant or how it will be treated The mayor has been dogged by his substance abuse
London , England  CNN  -- The debut album by New York rock band The Strokes has been named "  album of the decade " by influential British music magazine , NME . Released in 2001 , "  Is This It " topped the 100 Greatest Albums Of The Decade list compiled by a panel of musicians , producers , writers and record label bosses , according to NME.com . The Libertines ' 2002 debut "  Up the Bracket " was runner-up , with Primal Scream 's "  XTRMNTR " from 2000 in third spot . The Strokes formed in 1999 with a line-up that includes lead vocalist Julian Casablancas , guitarists Nick Valensi and Albert Hammond , Jr. , bassist Nikolai Fraiture , and drummer Fabrizio Moretti . Fans had to wait two years before "  Is This It " was finally released to critical acclaim , with hits such as "  Last Night " and "  Hard to Explain " underlining their Velvet Underground-inspired garage rock sound . However , the album fared better among British fans , reaching number two in the charts compared to 33 in the United States . The band 's second album , "  Room On Fire " , was released in 2003 and again reached number two in the British charts with singles including "  12:51 " and "  Reptilia . " But their third album , "  First Impressions of Earth " , gave the band its first number one success , when it snatched top spot in Britain in 2006 . It also reached the hitherto unknown heights of number four across the Atlantic . On hearing about the NME accolade , frontman Casablancas told the BBC : "  It 's totally crazy ! I thought it was great when I heard . "  But does it mean it 's a good musical decade or a bad musical decade ? I do n't know , I 'm such a bad judge of my own stuff . "	"  Is This It " topped the 100 Greatest Albums Of The Decade list compiled by a panel of musicians , producers , writers Released in 2001 , "  Is This It " was features hits such as "  Last Night " and "  Hard to Explain Libertines ' debut "  Up the Bracket " second and Primal Scream 's "  XTRMNTR " third
CNN  -- Dani Pedrosa mastered wet track conditions at Le Mans to win the French MotoGP Sunday -- the second straight win for the Spaniard in motorcycling 's premier class . Pedrosa has also hit the front in the title race , taking over from compatriot and Repsol Honda teammate Marc Marquez , who battled to the final podium spot after a slow start . Britain 's emerging young star Cal Crutchlow was sandwiched between the two Spaniards , his second place his first podium at this level and a major boost for the Monster Yamaha Tech3 team . The 28-lap race started in treacherous conditions with a number of leading contenders , Italian Valentino Rossi included , coming to grief . He eventually finished back in 12th . Rossi 's factory Yamaha teammate and reigning world champion Jorge Lorenzo also struggled to adapt to conditions and wound up a well-beaten seventh to trail Pedrosa by 17 points in third in the title battle . Pedrosa , who started sixth on the grid , also took his time to pick his way to the front with Ducati 's Andrea Dovisiozo a long-time leader before slipping back to fourth place . Pedrosa , who leads Marquez by six points after four rounds , has finished second , followed by two straight wins since his fourth in the opening round at Qatar . But he acknowledged that in drying conditions he had to be at this best to take the checkered flag . "  When I was in front I made a couple of mistakes and almost ran out twice . I was on the limit , " he told BBC Sport . The 27-year-old Crutchlow , the first genuine contender from his country for a number of years , held off the charging Marquez to hold on to second , despite riding with a small fracture to his shin sustained in a practice crash . "  It 's nice to finally get that podium , " he said . He is up to fourth in the overall standings , leapfrogging Rossi . In a further boost for British motorcycling , Scott Redding secured his first win in the Moto2 class .	Dani Pedrosa wins rain-hit French MotoGP at Le Mans Britain 's Cal Crutchlow claims superb career-best second place Pedrosa takes title lead from Repsol Honda teammate Marc Marquez Marquez pips Ducati 's Andrea Dovisiozo for third place
Financial Times  -- Spanish and Italian bond and stock markets tumbled on Monday , bringing a months-long rally to an abrupt halt as investors pulled back amid a political storm in Madrid and as Silvio Berlusconi staged an electoral fightback in Italy . Yields on Spanish sovereign debt suffered their biggest one-day percentage jump since September as the row over slush fund allegations engulfing Mariano Rajoy , Spanish prime minister , and his party rattled investors . Mr Rajoy over the weekend denied allegations first made in El PaÃs that the prime minister 's centre-right Popular Party operated a slush fund from which it paid money to senior party leaders , including Mr Rajoy himself . But with Spain 's opposition party calling on Mr Rajoy to resign as prime minister over the allegations , the country 's benchmark 10-year bonds on Monday rose 23 basis points to 5.44 per cent . Yields move inversely to prices . The scandal in Spain dominated a joint news briefing in Berlin with Mr Rajoy and his German counterpart , Angela Merkel . The Spanish leader insisted once again that the slush fund allegations were false . Mr Rajoy also sought to dispel fears that his government would be weakened by the scandal -- and may find it harder to push ahead with economic reforms and austerity measures . "  I have the same desire , hope , strength and courage than when I arrived , " he declared . Ms Merkel said the Spanish government had the "  full trust " of Berlin in its effort to end the five-year economic crisis . The unease over Spain rippled across the eurozone , however , with benchmark German Bund yields falling as investors sought havens . Yields on Italian 10-year bonds rose 14bp to 4.47 per cent as nervousness grew over the outcome of Italy 's general election . There was concern over opinion polls showing that Mr Berlusconi 's centre-right coalition was narrowing the gap on the ruling centre-left and that the February 24-25 vote could lead to political instability . Italy 's FTSE MIB stock market tumbled 4.5 per cent as banking stocks came under pressure . Shares in Italy 's largest bank by assets , UniCredit , and Monte dei Paschi di Siena , Italy 's third-largest bank which is at the centre of a widening scandal over the use of derivatives , both fell heavily . Analysts said the re-emergence of Italy 's former prime minister had raised concerns about the outcome of the national elections . Silvio Peruzzo of Nomura said "  the risk of ungovernability remains very high " amid signs that no outright winner could emerge from the February vote . "  This is a recipe for instability and could be a catalyst for uncertainty in the market , " he said . Analysts said news from Spain and Italy had captured investors ' attention and was feeding into underlying concerns over how long the markets rally would last and whether it was due a correction . "  It follows a period where peripherals have been performing well and there has been a level of caution about the extent to which that rally would last , " said Jamie Searle , a fixed-income strategist at Citi . "  The market is looking at the political tension and asking whether this could be the catalyst for a change in direction . " © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Spanish , Italian bond , stock markets tumbled Monday , bringing rally to an abrupt halt Investors pulled back amid a political bribery allegations in Madrid Nervousness in Italy over general elections , as Berlusconi staging electoral comeback
CNN  The International Criminal Court opened an inquiry into attacks in Palestinian territories , paving the way for possible war crimes investigation against Israelis . In a statement Friday , the court 's top prosecutor said the decision follows the Palestinians ' signing of the Rome Statute . In doing so , they officially become ICC members on April 1 , giving the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories . While a preliminary examination is not a formal investigation , it allows the court to review evidence and determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides . "  There are no timelines provided in the Rome Statute for a decision on a preliminary examination , " the ICC said in a statement . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the inquiry as an "  outrage , " saying the court is overstepping its boundaries . "  The Palestinian Authority is not a country and therefore it is not the court 's place , also according to its own rules , to carry out an examination like this , " Netanyahu told the Jerusalem Post . The United States also said it "  strongly " disagreed with the court 's decision . "  As we have said repeatedly , we do not believe that Palestine is a state and therefore we do not believe that it is eligible to join the ICC , " the State Department said in a statement . It urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations . "  We will continue to oppose actions against Israel at the ICC as counterproductive to the cause of peace , " it said . But the ICC begs to differ with the definition of a state for its purposes and refers to the territories as "  Palestine . " "  The Office considers that , since Palestine was granted observer State status in the UN by the UNGA  General Assembly  , it must be considered a "  State " for the purposes of accession to the Rome Statute , " it said in a statement . Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said her office will "  conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality . " The latest war between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza left more than 2,000 people dead last summer . The inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since June . The International Criminal Court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes . As members of the court , Palestinians may be subjected to counter-charges as well .	An inquiry allows the court to review evidence and determine whether to file charges The U.S. calls for negotiations between Palestinian , Israeli officials
CEDAR RAPIDS , Iowa  CNN  -- Floodwaters inundated Iowa City and the University of Iowa arts campus on Sunday despite what one official called a "  Herculean effort " to hold back the water with sandbags . Residents surround Lt. Tobey Harrison at a Cedar Rapids checkpoint as they wait to see their homes Sunday . "  We 've had the -LSB- National Guard -RSB- working next to prisoner inmates , sandbagging , " said David Jackson , the university 's facilities manager . "  Students , faculty and staff , leaders of the university , the president of the university -- out sandbagging . " Some 500 to 600 homes were ordered to evacuate and others faced a voluntary evacuation order through the morning , said Iowa City Mayor Regenia Bailey . The Iowa River in Iowa City crested at 31.5 feet and was expected to remain at that level until Monday , city and state officials said Sunday . Classes at the university have been suspended until next Sunday , according to its Web site . "  All of our theaters , our music building , Clapp Recital Hall , our fine arts building -LSB- the -RSB- new Art Building West designed by Stephen Holl , has taken on significant water as well , " said Sally Mason , president of the university . "  Fortunately we were able to save all the art , " she said . The art was placed in crates shipped out of state last week . "  We anticipated the worst a week ago . " At least 8 feet of water rushed through the campus , officials said . Among the school 's 30,000 students , Ann Barber told CNN she has been sandbagging for nearly seven days . "  It 's very hard to watch the devastation of our university , " she said . This month 's severe weather has trampled towns from North Dakota to Indiana . The Federal Emergency Management Agency says more than 11 million Midwesterners will be affected by flooding and tornadoes . Meanwhile , in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , some of nearly 20,000 displaced residents began to return home Sunday as water there receded . People lined up for about a block in one part of the city waiting for a special wristband to allow them access to their homes . The flooding there caught many people by surprise . "  We did n't think it would get this high , " said Tina Fleischacker , whose Cedar Rapids home was soaked . "  We moved everything upstairs and it 's gone . It 's gone . We left with the clothes on our backs . " About 36,000 Iowans , most in Cedar Rapids , evacuated their homes due to the state-wide flooding . At least 472 people spent Saturday night in 18 shelters set up across the state , according to Dave Miller , the administrator of Iowa Homeland Security and Emergency Management . In Iowa City , the water is expected to drop no more than 3 feet by Saturday , said John Benson , spokesman for Iowa Homeland Security and Emergency Management . "  There 's that moment of ` phew , ' but then there 's that realization that the water will be going down very slowly , " Bailey told reporters . She urged residents to be careful when returning to their homes and businesses , and asked them to abide by a 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. curfew . "  Water flows are still dangerous , " she said . "  We need people to be patient . We will get them into those homes and businesses as soon as possible . " Iowa has been inundated with heavy rains in recent weeks that have caused several major rivers that feed into the Mississippi -- including the Cedar , Des Moines and Iowa Rivers -- to flood their banks . The flooding in the Midwest is "  some of the worst " to hit the United States since Hurricane Katrina inundated the Gulf Coast nearly three years ago , FEMA administrator David Paulison said Sunday on CNN . The scenarios are much different , but "  the aftermath is similar , " he said . "  The fact -LSB- is -RSB- that we have a lot of people whose homes have been destroyed . " The agency has received more than 12,000 disaster assistance applications from the hardest-hit states -- Iowa , Indiana and Wisconsin . Starting Tuesday , the American Red Cross will set up kitchens in Iowa to serve up about 100,000 meals to residents each day . The agency , which is housing 720 flood victims in 30 shelters , plans to spend about $ 15 million on Midwest relief efforts . Iowans are very concerned about how they will afford to rebuild . "  Most of the people here ... do not have flood insurance , " said Steve Doser , director of a shelter in Cedar Rapids . "  A couple people told us ... that they were told they did n't need flood insurance , ` Do n't worry about it , you 're in a 500-year -LSB- plain -RSB- , ' " he said . "  Now they do n't have anything . " Iowa Gov. Chet Culver estimates agricultural damage could reach $ 1 billion , exceeding the costs of the big flood in 1993 . He praised the strength and resilience of the people of Iowa and vowed to rebuild the state , noting that "  will take a long time . " There have been 16 storm-related deaths since May 25 in Iowa , 12 of them from recent tornadoes , Culver said Sunday . Four Boy Scouts were killed last week when a twister touched down at a camp in Iowa . Culver has declared 83 of the state 's 99 counties disaster areas . More than 3,300 Iowa National Guard troops have been deployed to help primarily with sandbagging and staging resources , Maj. Gen. Ron Dardis of the Iowa National Guard said Sunday . That number is expected to rise to 4,000 by Monday , he said . Of those troops , 750 are stationed in Des Moines helping to shore up levees with sandbags along the Des Moines River amid fears that the historic flooding that has hit other parts of the state could soon take its toll on the Iowa capital . Early Saturday , rising waters breached a levee on the Des Moines River , prompting emergency officials to evacuate 270 homes in Des Moines ' Birdland Park neighborhood , a state emergency official said . A high school in the neighborhood was also flooded . CNN 's Jim Acosta and Julian Cummings contributed to this report .	About 500-600 homes evacuated in Iowa City on Sunday Some 36,000 Iowans , most in Cedar Rapids , have been evacuated Agricultural damage estimated at $ 1 billion or more
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- "  Che " the movie met Che the myth in Cuba this weekend , and the lengthy biopic of the Argentinean revolutionary won acclaim from among those who know his story best . Actor Benicio Del Toro stars in "  Che , " which details Che Guevara 's role in the 1950s Cuban revolution . The movie was screened Saturday in the Yara movie theater in central Havana as part of the 30th International Festival of the New Latin American Cinema . "  Che " also played Sunday at Havana 's Karl Marx Theater . "  Che " stars Oscar winner Benicio Del Toro in the title role , for which he won a best actor award at this year 's Cannes Film Festival . But it 's one thing to make a movie about Ernesto "  Che " Guevara and the Cuban revolution and show it in France , quite another to screen it in Cuba . Speaking to CNN outside the Karl Marx Theater , the bilingual Puerto Rican actor admitted some anxiety . "  This is Cuban history , so there 's an audience in there that probably , that could be the biggest critics and the most knowledgeable critics of the historical accuracy of the film , " Del Toro said . Watch Del Toro talk about the movie in Cuba " It appears he need n't have worried . Audiences gave the movie hearty ovations . And Granma , the official mouthpiece of the Cuban government , gave Del Toro a glowing review . "  Del Toro personifies Che in a spectacular manner , not only his physical appearance but also his masterly interpretation , " the state newspaper said . After the showing , Del Toro characterized the public reaction as "  sensational , a shot of adrenaline , " Granma said . "  The dream was to make this movie and to bring it here , where it all began . " The movie has two parts : "  El argentino , " which portrays Guevara 's role in the 1950s Cuban revolution , and "  Guerrilla , " which shows Guevara 's efforts in Africa and Bolivia , where he was killed in 1967 . It was directed by Steven Soderbergh , who also directed Del Toro in the 2000 film "  Traffic , " for which Del Toro won an Oscar . At 4 hours and 17 minutes , "  Che " can test viewers ' stamina . But that was n't a problem in Havana . It 's a story Cubans know by heart . But this time , it 's told by outsiders . Catalina , a history professor who would give only her first name , was a tough critic . "  The movie is well-done . It has good intentions , " she said . "  But in my opinion , in the first part , the scenes in the jungle seemed a bit like a caricature . " Though some debated the details of this story they know so well , most -- like a young Guevara lookalike who identified himself only as Daniel -- were pleased . "  It has captured history to perfection , " he said . "  It has been well thought out and well-created . " Others , like student Susel Paraza , were torn about seeing their history told by others . "  What hurt me a little , " she said , "  is that it was n't us , the Cubans , who thought to make a movie like this but instead a foreign director with foreign actors who have recreated this story very well . " Other foreign actors have played Guevara , most notably Egyptian-born Omar Sharif in a 1969 U.S. production titled "  Che ! " Soderbergh 's "  Che " has been shown at six film festivals worldwide and will have a limited opening in the United States on December 12 . It is scheduled for widespread U.S. distribution starting January 24 . Although many may not know Guevara 's history , his image is recognized worldwide from a photograph taken by Alberto Korda at a Havana memorial service in March 1960 . Titled "  Guerrillero Heroico "  Heroic Guerrilla  , the image of a somber , long-haired and bearded Guevara wearing a beret with a lone star became what the Maryland Institute College of Art called "  the most famous photograph in the world and a symbol of the 20th century . " The image has been emblazoned on everything from T-shirts to posters and even tattoos . "  There is no other image like it . What other image has been sustained in this way ? " Trisha Ziff , the curator of an exhibition on the iconography of Guevara , asked in a 2007 interview with the BBC . "  Che Guevara has become a brand . And the brand 's logo is the image , which represents change . It has becomes the icon of the outside thinker , at whatever level -- whether it is anti-war , pro-green or anti-globalization . " Guevara was 31 years old when the photo was taken . He has been dead for 41 years , longer than he was alive . Jonathan Green , former longtime director of the UCR/California Museum of Photography , has been quoted as saying , "  Korda 's image has worked its way into languages around the world . It has become an alpha-numeric symbol , a hieroglyph , an instant symbol . It mysteriously reappears whenever there 's a conflict . There is n't anything else in history that serves in this way . " CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	"  Che " stars Oscar winner Benicio Del Toro in the title role The official mouthpiece of the Cuban government gives Del Toro a glowing review The movie played Sunday at Havana 's Karl Marx Theater "  Che " will have a limited opening in the United States on Friday
CNN  -- The irony was not lost on most viewers of the Greek Prime Minister 's statements as he replied to the public outcry over the hasty shutdown of ERT , the country 's national broadcaster , with the immediate layoff of over 2,600 employees . Like a wolf in sheep 's clothing , Antonis Samaras was chastising a system that his own New Democracy party had helped to ingrain in Greek society and political life . Speaking at an award ceremony organized by the Athens Chamber Of Commerce And Industry  EVEA  , he labeled ERT a "  symbol of corruption and waste , " and claimed it "  controlled the flow of information without any accountability . " Constantly repeating righteous keywords such as "  transparency , " he tried to justify his decision to pull the plug on ERT 's national and regional TV channels and radio stations around the country , which Greek taxpayers had been paying for for the past 75 years . Newly-unemployed former ERT employees rebutted these attacks by issuing a statement revealing publically what had been common knowledge in Greece 's journalistic circles : the final word always lies with the heads of the organization -- appointed by Mr Samaras . Namely , they pointed out "  it was the General Director of ERT Emilios Liatsos who decided that the anniversary of the Paraskinio newspaper was more newsworthy than the tortures at GADA . " Last October , in an article that led Greek Public Order Minister Nikos Dendrias to threaten the Guardian with legal action , anti-fascist protesters claimed they had been tortured by the police at the Attica General Police Directorate  GADA  . The GADA denied the claims . Back then , the government that now champions transparency , went so far as to suspend ERT 's morning show hosts , Kostas Arvanitis and Marilena Katsimi for criticising Dendrias 's response to the incident . Only after this week 's announcement of ERT 's closure , under a Presidential Decree , did its employees feel free to broadcast uncensored . Only in the final hours before the shutdown was economist and writer Yiannis Varoufakis able to reveal on TV that he had been banned from that very channel for two years , and that on one of his appearances , TV presenter Elli Stai had asked him not to mention the words "  debt restructuring . " Of course , a portion of the public were aware of government-imposed censorship , and some even endorsed Samaras ' recent drastic move . But in a country where unemployment has reached a record 27.4 per cent and cronyism has been the rule of the day for decades , it 's slightly naÃ ¯ ve to believe the coalition government leader 's claims of cleansing and of a will to reinstate transparency . The shutdown was met with mixed feelings , not just among the viewers but also among the journalists themselves , with some complaining about ERT 's lack of support towards the rest of the media world that had been facing layoffs and company closures for more than three years . "  The journalists should have already revolted on behalf of the pensioners , " one commentator said . This attack on freedom of speech , still reverberating in the Greek and international press , has also divided the fragile coalition government itself . The leaders of the other two junior coalition parties , PASOK and Democratic Left , say they oppose Samaras ' decision , but are open to a reasonable compromise . The New Democracy leader needs their support for his decision to become law -- the alternative will render the coalition unsustainable . PASOK leader Evangelos Venizelos said his party "  does n't want elections , but we 're not afraid of them either . " Speculations about an imminent general election is already circulating in the Greek press , but Venizelos and Democratic Left leader Fotis Kouvelis ' need to cling to power is likely to make them go along with Samaras ' decision . They might try to buy time , since at the moment international attention and support for ERT is overwhelming . The absolutist way in which Samaras chose to act on his decision triggered a media revolt which was long overdue , with blogs , websites and EBU streaming ERT 's service online . Reporters Without Borders ' executive director Christophe Deloire deplored the closure , explaining that such media shutdowns are "  usual in dictatorships and rare in democratic countries . " The question of whether Greece , formerly known as the cradle of democracy , still lives up to the title is a persistent one . What is certain is that the current form of democracy is deeply flawed and , unsurprisingly enough , the media and the way they have operated for decades are part of the problem . But switching off the state broadcaster will only exacerbate the problems , derailing democracy . A publicly-funded broadcaster is by definition crucial to media pluralism , simply because it does n't have to make the financial choices privately-funded ones face -- especially in a country where the owners of private media firms are business magnates , whose aim is to influence the political world . Samaras and his coalition partners lack any credibility that would make a cleansing of the organisation possible . The Greek PM might claim he wants to get rid of the "  corrupt " and "  sinful " ERT only to establish a new , efficient organisation with only 1,000 employees , but the question is , given the track record of his party , who believes him ? "  We have a short span memory , we Greeks , " he said last Wednesday . He must surely hope so . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are those of Sophia Ignatidou .	Shutdown of Greek broadcaster ERT sparks protests Sophia Ignatidou says shutdown was met with mixed feelings Democracy is being questioned in the country once deemed its "  cradle " Ignatidou : Switching off state broadcaster will only exacerbate problems
Beijing  CNN  China 's premier on Sunday offered a sobering assessment of the world 's second largest economy amid fears of a sustained slowdown but brushed aside concern that it could face a full-blown economic crisis . "  I do n't deny that the Chinese economy is facing downward pressure and multiple risks , " said Li Keqiang at a nationally televised press conference . "  The key is to find the balance between stable growth and structural adjustments under the new normal  of slower growth  . " "  We have n't adopted the policy of strong short-term stimulus in recent years -- in other words ... we still have plenty of tools in our toolbox , " he offered . Earlier this month , the People 's Bank of China -- the central bank -- cut interest rates to guard against deflation and the country set its lowest growth target in 25 years . Li , the No. 2 leader in China behind President Xi Jinping , also promised a further streamlined government to strengthen the role of free market in the economy . "  The pain of reform is still there , actually the pain is becoming more acute and in more places , " he said . "  During the course of reform , vested interested will be tested -- but this is not nail clipping , this is like cutting off one 's limb with a sword and we have to do it despite the pain . " Li held the highly choreographed annual press conference -- often the only occasion a senior Chinese leader faces the media -- after China 's rubber-stamp parliament approved the government budget and concluded this year 's 10-day session . Li answered questions from pre-selected journalists that focused on the economy and touched on the government 's stance on the anti-corruption campaign , the environment and foreign policy . Before he was ushered out of the ornate room , the premier responded to a question shouted from the audience about Myanmar , whose warplanes reportedly dropped a bomb Friday in a Chinese border town and killed four civilians . "  We have the responsibility and capability to firmly safeguard the stability of the Chinese-Myanmar border -- and will firmly protect the lives and property of our citizens , " Li said to applause from Chinese reporters .	Chinese premier says economy faces multiple risks Reform is like ` cutting off a limb , ' he adds Highly choreographed press conference only time leader faces media
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Federal safety investigators said Tuesday they fear flaws found in Washington 's Metro subway system after a deadly crash this summer may endanger other transit systems , and they sent out an urgent recommendation asking that other rail operators check for similar problems . Investigators are shown at the crash scene in Washington . Nine people were killed in the June 22 wreck . In letters to federal regulators , the National Transportation Safety Board said "  all rail transit operators and railroads should be informed " about system flaws that could cause a track circuit to fail to detect a train . It was not clear how many rail systems have similar train detection systems . Neither the NTSB nor the Federal Transit Administration had a list of systems that use the "  audio frequency track circuits " that are the focus of the probe . But an FTA spokesman said that because it does n't know how many operators use the systems , "  we are sending today 's urgent recommendation to all rail transit operators , and will identify the pertinent operators through a later survey . " Meanwhile , the Federal Railway Administration , which regulates Amtrak and more than a dozen commuter rail systems , said it also will follow the NTSB guidance but believes the number of impacted systems will be "  limited . " Nine people were killed and 52 taken to hospitals June 22 when a southbound Metrorail train struck the rear end of stopped train just north of the Fort Totten station . Investigators say an automatic train protection system did not detect the stopped train , so the moving train did not receive a command to slow or stop . The NTSB said it is continuing its investigation into the precise causes of the crash , but it said the investigation has raised concerns that the track circuit is susceptible to errant signals . In its letter to regulators , the NTSB said it discovered one circumstance in which an unintended signal path could be created , resulting in a track relay remaining energized even though a stopped train was occupying the circuit . "  After only three months , this complex investigation is far from complete , so we are not ready to determine the probable cause of the -LSB- Metro -RSB- accident , " NTSB Chairwoman Deborah A.P. Hersman said . "  However , our findings so far indicate a pressing need to issue these recommendations to immediately address safety glitches we have found that could lead to another tragic accident . " The NTSB sent letters to Metro , the Federal Transit Administration , the Federal Railroad Administration and Alstom Signaling Inc. , which acquired General Railway Signal , the manufacturer of some of the equipment .	NTSB , investigating fatal D.C. train crash , cites flaw in train detection system NTSB tells other transit systems to look for flaw It 's not clear how many rail systems have this type of detection system Causes of June 22 D.C. Metro crash still under investigation
CNN  -- The chilling acts the 15-year-old boy is accused of defy imagination : Pumping his mother , brother and two younger sisters with bullets . Gunning down his dad when he returned home . Texting a picture of his lifeless mother to his 12-year-old girlfriend . Plotting to kill strangers outside a supermarket . But , family members say , Nehemiah Griego is no monster . They ca n't fathom what could have gone so terribly wrong . "  Whether it was a mental breakdown or some deeper undiagnosed psychological issue , we ca n't be sure yet , " his uncle , former New Mexico state Sen. Eric Griego , said . "  What we do know is that none of us , even in our wildest nightmare , could have imagined that he could do something like this . " The family statement describes the boy as a gifted athlete and musician who was active in youth services at church . It said the teen accompanied his father on mission trips to Mexico and wanted to continue a long family history of military service by becoming a soldier . The family disputed any media characterization that the teen was a loner and said he had many friends and was a wrestler in state tournaments . His father was a champion wrestler and coach . The family also said they did not want anyone to use the case in the nation 's unfolding debate about guns . "  To be clear , our family has differing views on gun rights and gun control . What we do agree on is that those who wish to score political points should not use a confused , misguided , 15-year-old boy to make their case , " the family statement said . "  We ask those in the media and those who would use the media to make their political case , to not use Nehemiah as a pawn for ratings or to score political points . He is a troubled young man who made a terrible decision that will haunt him and his family forever . " But authorities painted a far different picture of the teen . Sheriff : Teen planned shootings for at least a week Bernalillo County Sheriff Dan Houston said Griego was "  involved heavily " with violent video games and that he "  was quite excited as he got the opportunity to discuss that with our investigators . " He said that the boy planned the shootings for at least a week . That he told investigators he was frustrated with his mother . That he contemplated killing his girlfriend 's parents . That he hoped to continue his killing spree at a Walmart "  with mass destruction " and die in a shootout with police . The teen 's demeanor , as he shared all this , was "  stern , very unemotional , " Houston said . Now , Griego will stand trial as an adult in the weekend killings , prosecutors announced . He was arrested Saturday night , after deputies found the bodies of his mother , father , brother and two of his sisters in their home on the outskirts of Albuquerque . Opinion : How a boy becomes a killer The tragedy unfolds The tragedy unfolded early Saturday morning , when Griego carried a .22 - caliber rifle to where his mother and 9-year-old brother slept side by side , an arrest affidavit said . The teen fatally shot his mother , waking his younger brother Zephania in the process . When Griego told Zephania that their mother was dead , the younger boy did not believe him , the document stated . "  So Nehemiah picked up his mother 's head to show his brother her bloody face , " the affidavit said . "  Nehemiah stated his brother became upset , so he shot his brother in the head with the same rifle used to kill his mother . " After that , police said , "  Nehemiah stated he lost his sense of conscience . " The boy went on to kill his sisters , 5-year-old Jael and 2-year-old Angelina , before his father Greg came home from a volunteer graveyard shift at a homeless shelter . Authorities believe the father , a former pastor at an Albuquerque church and a chaplain to the city 's fire department , was the last to be gunned down in the home . KRQE : Security officer -- Boy was a ` great kid ' ` Beyond any human reasoning ' Most of the victims were shot with the .22 , but a semiautomatic AR-15 rifle was also used in the killings , sheriff 's Lt. Sid Covington said . Authorities said the weapons appear to have been purchased legally . The Griegos also had five grown children , none of whom lived at home , Covington said . After the slayings , Griego "  spent the majority of the day with his girlfriend , " Houston said . He even sent his girlfriend a picture of his slain mother , Houston said . Authorities arrested the teen after he attended his family 's church with his girlfriend , and a staff member called deputies . Pastor Skip Heitzig said father Greg Griego was also a pastor for a number of years who did prison ministry at the Metropolitan Detention Center and helped to rehabilitate convicts . Greg Griego also helped them re-enter society . "  The news stunned us all , " Heitzig said of the shooting . "  We are doing what we can as a church body to minister to the remaining family members . Only the Lord Jesus Christ can heal this type of pain and heartache , and He is faithful to do so , " he added in a statement . His church , Calvary Albuquerque , is scheduled to hold a prayer vigil Wednesday at 7 p.m. for the Griego family . Griego was scheduled to appear in court Tuesday to face two counts of murder and three counts of child abuse resulting in death , but the hearing was waived , CNN affiliate KOAT reported . The affiliate said Griego 's case will go to a grand jury within 10 days . "  This is beyond any human reasoning or understanding at this time , " the sheriff said . CNN 's Leslie Holland and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Family asks public not to use the incident in national debate on guns NEW : "  To be clear , our family has differing views on gun rights and gun control , " they say Griego will face charges as an adult in the deaths of his parents and three siblings "  This is beyond any human reasoning or understanding at this time , " the sheriff says
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Economic opportunity must be a priority if the revolutions sweeping the Middle East and North Africa are to succeed , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Saturday . "  We are making progress politically but more needs to be done economically , " Clinton told a group of students here . Clinton was on her second visit to Tunisia , the cradle of the Arab Spring which has seen the ouster of long-entrenched leaders in Tunisia , Egypt and Yemen . In meetings with Tunisia 's president , prime minister and young people , Clinton urged patience on economic and political reform and emphasized that the breakdown of economic systems is "  recipe for frustration and instability that can be exploited by extremists and criminals around the world . " In a town hall with Tunisian students , Clinton spoke about the challenges posed by the so-called "  youth bulge " Â in which the demographics of the world are bending toward a younger population . Three billion people are now under the age of 30 -- 90 % of them in the developing world , she noted . She cited estimates that North African and Middle Eastern countries will have to create 50 million jobs over the next decade to meet the needs of young people . "  In every region , responding to the needs and aspirations of young people is a crucial challenge for the future , " Clinton said.Â "  The world ignores you at its peril . " Clinton was in Tunis for a Friends of Syria meeting in which the international community gathered to discuss ways to end President Bashar al-Assad 's bloody crackdown against protesters . She leaves Tunis for Algeria , and then Morocco Clinton said that while the youth are bearing the brunt of the global economic crisis , they can also help with its recovery . "  Just as you led the way in the revolution here in Tunisia so too must young people lead the way in building vibrant economies , " she said . Clinton pledged to put youth issues on the international agenda , just as she did for women 's rights . The United States , she said , would make the concerns and aspirations of young people a factor in its diplomacy and development work . In the wake of the Arab Spring , United States has announced a massive economic package to help the countries in the region in transition , including trade , investment and entrepreneurship programs . Tunisian youth played a key role in the uprising that ousted former President Tunisian President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali with the help of the internet and social media to spread their revolutionary message . She urged the audience to hold Tunisia 's new Islamic government to their word to embrace freedom of religion and equal rights for women . "  You were fearless on the front lines of the revolution , enduring tear gas and beatings , " she said . "  Now you are called to be courageous again as the guardians of your new democracy . "	Hillary Clinton speaks to Tunisian students at a town hall The world needs to pay attention to the needs of young people 90 % of the developing world is younger than 30 , Clinton says Clinton was in Tunis to discuss Syria , and now heads to Algeria and Morocco
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkey 's use of F-16 warplanes to force a Syrian airliner to land and be searched on Wednesday demonstrated a blunt warning to Damascus a week after five Turkish civilians were killed by cross-border artillery fire from Syria . On Thursday , a day after the Syrian passenger plane was forced to land at Ankara 's airport , Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan announced at a news conference that cargo confiscated from the aircraft included "  items ... traveling from Russia 's agency that exports weapons munitions and military supplies to Syria 's defense ministry . " Turkish officials said the use of F-16 's to intercept the plane as it flew from Moscow to Damascus was a show of force , to illustrate Turkey would not tolerate the use of its airspace for weapons shipments to Syria . "  We wanted to show that we are serious , " said a Turkish foreign ministry official who spoke on the condition of anonymity . Ankara delivered a diplomatic note to Damascus denouncing the alleged use of civilian aircraft to carry military equipment , the Turkish diplomat . Turkish officials have still not confirmed exactly what the plane was carrying . Just hours after the plane was forced land , however , Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said that the passenger plane 's cargo violated international civilian aviation regulations . The Syrian Ministry of Information released a statement that said Turkey 's claim "  has no truth in it , " and Erdogan "  needs to show those equipments and ammunition in order to prove that he is truthful at least before his own people . " Turkish officials have still not confirmed exactly what the plane was carrying . Just hours after the plane was forced land , however , Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said that the passenger plane 's cargo violated international civilian aviation regulations . "  This is a matter of principle , " he said on Turkish broadcaster TGRT . "  We are determined to stem the flow of arms to the regime in Syria which so cruelly kills its own people . It is not acceptable that such a thing can be done by using our airspace . " Turkey previously has intercepted Iranian shipments of arms headed to Syria through Turkish territory and airspace over the past year . In those cases , the government remained similarly silent about the exact nature of those shipments , perhaps to avoid embarrassing Iran , a major Turkish trading partner and neighbor . On Wednesday , Turkey 's foreign ministry announced the Syrian plane received a radio message while it was still outside of Turkish airspace , warning that it was suspected of carrying illegal cargo . But the plane 's pilot did not turn back , the Turkish statement continued , and F-16 warplanes escorted it until it landed at Ankara Esenboga Airport at 5:15 local time . The Turkish diplomat said cargo boxes addressed to the Syrian Defense Ministry were found on board , inspected and confiscated . "  This is a clear message from Turkey that it will make it hard for Syria to import arms from outside . If the borders and the airspace are being controlled this tightly we can also assume that the sea lanes , the Mediterranean ports might also be kept an eye on by the Turkish navy , " said Murat Yetkin , editor in chief of the Hurriyet Daily News . Syrian officials accused Turkish security forces of mishandling crew members during the plane 's stay in Ankara . Transportation Minister Mahmoud Said went one step further , calling the forced landing a "  Turkish piracy operation . " "  They raided the plane carrying weapons , they handcuffed us , took us out of the plane and threw us at the ground , " crew member Heitham Kassir told Syrian state TV , showing bruises on an arm . Russian officials also expressed concern over the treatment of the Russian nationals , and alleged that embassy officials were not given information about the situation . According to a Russian Foreign Ministry statement , Russian diplomats and doctors dispatched to the airport in Ankara were denied access to the 17 Russians among the 35 passengers . Turkey 's foreign ministry responded in a statement Thursday , claiming Turkish authorities learned there were Russians on board the plane only shortly before it was allowed to take off and that Russian Embassy officials were then apprised of the situation . "  All the necessary precautions were taken to ensure the safety of the passengers , " said the Turkish statement . Analysts say one of the reasons Ankara has not been forthcoming with what was found on the plane -- although there were initial Turkish media reports that the shipment may have contained missile parts or military-grade communication equipment -- is that neither Turkey nor Russia is looking to weaken their strong bilateral trade relations . "  The Turkish and Russians have agreed to disagree on the Syrian issue and seem to have reached the conclusion that Syrian affairs should not effect Turkish-Russian relations , " Hurriyet Daily editor Yetkin said . The Russian ambassador to Turkey was invited to meetings at the Turkish Foreign Ministry discuss the issue , a Turkish government spokesman told CNN . Once-strong social and trade relations between Turkey and Syria have grown tense over the past year after the Syrian government began a bloody crackdown on anti-government protestors . Ankara backs the anti-government rebels and has called on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down . More recently , the neighboring countries exchanged artillery fire following the death of five civilians killed by a Syrian shell that fell into a Turkish border village . Cave becomes classroom for Syrian kids Other developments in Syria : An explosion occurred near the Syrian Ministry of Education , according to state-run TV network SANA . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group , said the explosive was aimed at a military judiciary headquarters . There were no initial reports of casualties . At least 210 people were killed by Syrian security forces across the country Thursday , including 47 in Idlib , according to the Local Coordination Committees for Syria , a network of opposition activists . CNN ca n't confirm reports of violence or casualty counts as access to the country by international journalists has been severely restricted . For a third day , al-Assad 's forces shelled the city of Homs in western Syria early Thursday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported . Government troops and rebels have battled on and off for control of the city since the start of the conflict . Twenty people were found dead in Homs on Wednesday , the LCC reported . North of Homs , in the city of Saraqib , rebels tried to take over government-held positions . Three rebels and a number of government soldiers were killed , the Syrian Observatory said . Fighting between rebels and regime forces continued in and around the town of Maaret al-Numan in Idlib province , said Abu Abdul Rahaman , who works with an opposition network that documents what the rebels are doing . He spoke to CNN via Skype . The town is strategically important because it 's on an international highway that the government uses to send supplies to Damascus , Idlib , Hama , Homs and Aleppo . Opinion : Syria conflict threatens regional stability U.S. observers to Jordan The United States deployed troops to Jordan to help monitor Syria 's stockpile of chemical weapons and determine what efforts to take if violence spreads to neighboring nations , the U.S. defense chief said . The announcement follows recent news that al-Assad 's forces moved some of the weapons for security reasons . Reports have emerged that rebels are focusing their efforts on capturing some of the storage sites . "  We continue to be concerned about security at those sites , " U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said Wednesday after a meeting of NATO ministers in Brussels , Belgium . "  We want to ensure that security is maintained and we want to be very sure that those  weapons  do not fall into the wrong hands . " Roughly 150 U.S. Army special operations soldiers have been working with Jordanian forces to monitor the chemical and biological weapons sites in Syria while trying to determine how to respond should an issue arise , according to the defense chief . CNN reported in June that U.S. Special Operations Forces were training and advising Jordanian troops on a range of specific military tasks they might need to undertake if unrest in Syria spills into Jordan or poses a threat to that country . That information came from Defense Department officials who did not want to be named . Panetta now has publicly acknowledged the troop deployment . "  We have a group of our forces there , working to help them build a headquarters and to ensure that we make the relationship between the United States and Jordan a strong one so we can deal with all of the possible consequences , " he said . A senior Jordanian military official denied Panetta 's claims , according to the state-run Petra news agency . The American troops are in the country for an annual training exercise , the official from the Jordanian armed forces general command told the news agency . The United States also has been working with Turkey as part of its effort to monitor the weapons sites . Syria is believed to have one of the "  largest and most advanced chemical warfare " programs in the Arab world , said Michael Eisenstadt , director of the military and security studies program at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Yousuf Basil , Talia Kayali , Alla Eshchenko and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : Turkey 's PM says his country is ` determined to stem the flow of arms ' into Syria Syria says Turkey is lying about military cargo on the commercial airliner The U.S. defense chief says 150 troops are in Jordan ; Jordan denies a U.S. presence 210 people across Syria have been killed Thursday , according to rebels
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The United States may have been behind the killing of Neda Agha-Soltan , the 26-year-old Iranian woman whose fatal videotaped shooting Saturday made her a symbol of opposition to the June 12 presidential election results , the country 's ambassador to Mexico said Thursday . Neda Agha-Soltan , 26 , was shot to death in Tehran on Saturday . "  This death of Neda is very suspicious , " Ambassador Mohammad Hassan Ghadiri said . "  My question is , how is it that this Miss Neda is shot from behind , got shot in front of several cameras , and is shot in an area where no significant demonstration was behind held ? " He suggested that the CIA or another intelligence service may have been responsible . "  Well , if the CIA wants to kill some people and attribute that to the government elements , then choosing women is an appropriate choice , because the death of a woman draws more sympathy , " Ghadiri said . In response , CIA spokesman George Little said , "  Any suggestion that the CIA was responsible for the death of this young woman is wrong , absurd and offensive . " Though the video appeared to show that she had been shot in the chest , Ghadiri said that the bullet was found in her head and that it was not of a type used in Iran . "  These are the methods that terrorists , the CIA and spy agencies employ , " he said . "  Naturally , they would like to see blood spilled in these demonstrations , so that they can use it against the Islamic Republic of Iran . This is of the common methods that the CIA employs in various countries . " But , he added , "  I am not saying that now the CIA has done this . There are different groups . It could be the -LSB- work of another -RSB- intelligence service ; it could be the CIA ; it could be the terrorists . Anyway , there are people who employ these types of methods . " Asked about his government 's imposition of restrictions on reporting by international journalists , Ghadiri blamed the reporters themselves . "  Some of the reporters and mass media do not reflect the truth , " he said . For example , he said , international news organizations have lavished coverage on demonstrations by supporters of Mir Hossein Moussavi , whom the government has said lost to the incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad by a landslide . But those same news organizations have not shown "  many , many demonstrations in favor of the winner , " he said . Further , he said , members of the international news media have failed to report on people setting banks and buses afire or attacking other people . "  The only things they show are the reactions of the police , " he said . Because of restrictions on reporting in Iran , CNN has been unable to confirm many of the reports and claims relating to protests . Ghadiri said it is only fair that security forces protect the lives and property of the Iranian people . "  If in America supporters of Mr. McCain had gotten out on the street and tried to burn the banks during the last election , do you think the police would just sit idly by and be a spectator ? " he asked , referring to the GOP presidential candidate who lost the presidential vote in November to Barack Obama . Ghadiri called on backers of Moussavi to "  accept the majority 's victory . " Ahmadinejad 's overwhelming victory was no surprise , Ghadiri said , noting that a poll published in the United States three weeks before the June 12 elections showed Ahmadinejad with a commanding lead . "  Why do n't you show that ? " he asked . Ghadiri also addressed questions about the rapid reporting of the election results , which the opposition has cited as evidence that the ballots were not properly counted . "  It was n't said that only four people counted the 40 million votes , " he said . "  There were tens of thousands of people in Iran who counted these votes . They declared that this is very simple . "	Ambassador to Mexico says CIA or other intelligence service may be to blame CIA spokesman says idea is "  wrong , absurd and offensive " Envoy says foreign forces wanted to use bloodshed against Iranian government Media are n't reporting on pro-Ahmadinejad demonstrations , he says
CNN  -- You would think that fans watching a golf tournament on site would be more susceptible to being hit by an errant ball than a golfer but that was n't the case at the KLM Open in the Netherlands on Thursday . In a rare occurrence , Paraguay 's Fabrizio Zanotti was struck on the head and was taken to hospital as a "  precaution , " the European Tour said . He was receiving treatment but was okay , the Tour added . "  The latest report from hospital is that all neurological tests have come back clear , " the Tour 's tournament director , Miguel Vidaor , told the European Tour 's website . "  We wish Fabrizio a speedy recovery . " The 31-year-old Zanotti -- who earlier this year became the first Paraguayan to win on the European Tour -- was on the 16th fairway when he was hit by Alexandre Kaleka 's shot from the 14th tee . Zanotti was attended to on site by a doctor and paramedic as a concerned Kaleka looked on before an ambulance transported him to hospital . Play had to be suspended but resumed about two hours later . Fellow golfers Felipe Aguilar of Chile and Ricardo Gonzalez of Argentina are staying with Zanotti and have pulled out of the event , the Tour said . Entering Thursday , Zanotti was 27th in the Race to Dubai standings . At No. 94 , he is the second highest-ranked South American golfer in the world behind Argentina 's Angel Cabrera .	Paraguay 's Fabrizio Zanotti goes to hospital after being hit on head by ball He was on the 16th fairway when struck by the shot of France 's Alexandre Kaleka Play had to be suspended in the first round of the KLM Open in the Netherlands Zanotti earlier this year became the first Paraguayan winner on the European Tour
Real Simple  -- October 31 seems to creep up on us every single year . Still set on treating Junior to that one-of-a-kind disguise ? Frightened by the idea of making your own costume from scratch ? Do n't be . Get into the spirit with creative ideas that can be pulled together with cupcake liners , coffee filters , and more household items . Real Simple : Last-minute Halloween costume ideas Race car driver He 'll go from zero to race-ready in a jiffy by decorating an everyday track suit with a few strips of tape  get the how-tos  . Yellow duckling Here 's an idea that 's sure to quack your little one up . A bunch of faux feathers and a pair of bright orange boots will have your lucky duckling ready to waddle around the ` hood . Get the how-tos here . Shark This ferocious guy will be terrorizing the neighborsâ $ " for an extra handful of candy , of course . Only a few supplies are needed to create this shark 's tough skin . Is the suspense killing you ? Get the how-tos here . Strawberry Think strawberry season is long gone ? Think again . This sweet disguise starts with a ripe red shirt and a pair of matching leggings . Complete the fruity look with a stem made from felt , pipe cleaners , and more  get the how-tos  . Real Simple : Delicious pumpkin recipes Bookworm A novel idea for the kid who always has his nose in the books . Pull the disguise together with felt , styrofoam balls , and more  get the how-tos  . Wondering who 's behind those oversized specs ? This cute little dude  who you 've probably spotted on his mom 's blog joined our cast to show off his squiggly  and scholarly  style . Wise owl Whooo needs a last-minute costume idea ? This night owl 's getup starts with brown leggings and shirt and calls for cupcake liners , faux feathers , and more  get the how-tos  . Mermaid Is everything really better down where it 's wetter ? Make a splash out of water with this easy-to-create costume that requires streamers , cupcake liners , and more  get the how-tos  . Our little aquatic friend from nicolephoto.com emerged from under the sea to debut her loveliness on land . Ice cream sundae This costume calls for the works : vanilla ice cream , strawberry syrup , chocolate fudge , and a cherry on top  get the how-tos  . For super sundae cuteness , the littlest lady at Oh Joy ! modeled this sweet disguise .  Cue the screams of delight . Real Simple : Simple Halloween costumes Fairy godmother Once upon a time there was a mommy who wished a Halloween costume could be made with the wave of a wand . Wish granted . This easy and enchanted disguise requires a tutu , star-shaped stickers , and a few more magical accessories  get the how-tos  . Vet The doc is in . And he 'll be mending and repairing the stuffed animals , bath toys , and robots . Getting dressed for surgery requires an oversized button-down shirt , shower cap , and more  get the how-tos  . When this guy is not on-call , you can find him in the playroom spending quality time with his patients . Lamb What 's blaahk , white , and fluffy all over ? This sweet little lamb . To create a fleece as white as snow , you 'll need to dip into the cotton ball stash  get the how-tos  . Flower Mary Mary , quite contrary , how does your garden grow ? With a pipe cleaner stem , petals of felt , and a smile that will make your heart melt  get the how-tos  . Real Simple : DIY Halloween costumes Aviator Prepare for takeoff . Imaginations will soar when your kid steps into this clever disguise made from a sweatshirt , tape , and more  get the how-tos  . Yes , goggles are required . Love bug Hooray for the pink and red lady who just landed in the garden . Her cuteness is off the charts and she 's dressed in a disguise that 's made from tulle and felt hearts  get the how-tos  . Turquoise peacock Spotted on the front lawn : An exotic  and adorable  little birdie with feathers bursting in a bright shade of blue  get the how-tos  . Cobalt peacock Here comes little miss magnificent with her vibrant blue feathers  get the how-tos  and her chipper disposition . Real Simple : Best Halloween movies Rainbow fish One fish , two fish , red fish , rainbow fish ! Create these multicolored scales from that stash of cupcake liners in the pantry  get the how-tos  . Flapper A Roaring Twenties revival : Dancing her way around the neighborhood with a bob cut , strands of pearls , and a hot pink dress that , well , we made for twirling  get the how-tos  . Fisherman This seafarer is sure to reel in compliments  and candy !  with this low-maintenance disguise . There 's no catchâ $ " but there are a few household items required  get the how-tos  . Jailbird Free to hit the streets on Halloween night , this guy 's disguise comes together with faux feathers , white tape , and more  get the how-tos  . Real Simple : Healthier Halloween candy Lightning cloud When Halloween strikes , this fierce dude will bolt from house to house making a serious dent in the neighborhood candy supply . Create the disguise with a few household essentials  get the how-tos  . Skeleton A sweet twist on a classic costume that requires a few frilly strands of ribbon to make those funny bones at home  get the how-tos  . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Make last-minute Halloween costumes from cupcake liners and coffee filters Star-shaped stickers and colored tape can transform regular clothing Never underestimate the power of felt and pipe cleaners on Halloween
CNN  -- From the political unrest in Egypt to why House Majority Leader John Boehner cries , here are some of the best sound bites from the Sunday morning talk shows : On Egypt and President Hosni Mubarak 's future : "  This is going to be up to the Egyptian people . But let 's look at what we have . We have a calendar that already has elections for the next president scheduled , so there is an action-enforcing event that is already on the calendar . " -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , CNN 's "  State of the Union " "  I think it is loud and clear from everybody in Egypt that Mubarak has to leave today , and it is nonnegotiable for every Egyptian . People have been saying or demonstrating for him to leave . Today , the demonstrations say that he should be put to trial . If he wants to save his skin , if he has an iota of patriotism , I would advise him to leave today and save the country . " -- Egyptian opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei , CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " "  I firmly believe it . I think if you listen to the street , they are not asking for democracy , they are not asking for anything except the removal of Mubarak . He 's become a symbol for everything that they find objectionable . It does n't mean it ca n't be a transition as orderly and I certainly hope it is . But he is a symbol now and you 've got to change the symbol . " -- Edward Walker , former U.S. ambassador to Egypt , "  State of the Union " "  So I think what we need to do now is to lay out a plan for Mubarak to lift the state of emergency , announce that elections -- free and fair -- will be held in September , which were already planned , allow an open and free democratic process , which I think we could have some confidence if it was an open process that you would see a free and fair election and that we make sure that the aspirations of the Egyptian people are realized finally . " -- Republican Sen. John McCain , "  State of the Union " "  Not every country can become a democracy at the snap of a finger , but Egypt might well be ready for it . And that would be the best outcome , as I say , of a lot of bad choices . Mubarak can not continue in the long term with the oppressive regime he 's had now . The demonstrators have shown that . " -- Democratic Sen. Charles Schumer , "  State of the Union " "  People in Egypt have shown during this time a great deal of solidarity , a great deal of desire to see their country develop and prosper . And I believe that every loyal Egyptian will continue to undertake his responsibilities and contribute towards the improvement of his homeland . " -- Sameh Shoukry , Egyptian ambassador to the U.S. , ABC 's "  This Week " "  What could be realistic is that Mubarak himself becomes convinced , with outside advice , that it is in his interest , as well as in Egypt 's interests , that he goes , and that he sets in motion a process which facilitates that . I think the alternatives otherwise are much tougher . " -- Zbigniew Brzezinski , national security adviser under President Carter , "  This Week " "  I 'm not speculating about who goes or who stays . And I 'm not prepared to comment on what kind of democratic process the Egyptian people can construct for themselves . But we obviously want to see people who are truly committed to democracy , not to imposing any ideology on Egyptians , and therefore we would like to encourage that people who have been the voice of protests and been the voice of civil society be the ones at the table trying to design what would be an orderly transition to meet the democratic and economic needs of the people . " -- Clinton , CBS 's "  Face the Nation " "  It 's not up to us to give the Egyptians advice about this . You know , hopefully this transition will occur relatively peacefully . And at the end of it all , I hope we still have an important ally in the Middle East . " -- Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , NBC 's "  Meet the Press " On where the U.S. stands : "  We are on the side -- as we have been for more than 30 years -- of a democratic Egypt that provides both political and economic rights to its people , that respects the universal human rights of all Egyptians . And that is the message that every ambassador , whether Republican or Democratic president , everyone has conveyed for over 30 years . " -- Clinton , "  State of the Union " "  What 's important to us is Egypt , it 's not Mubarak . And Mubarak is not Egypt . " -- Walker , "  State of the Union " "  I think that President Mubarak , he knows what 's going on in his own country . It 's up to the United States to be a helpful , assisting but insisting partner . And by the way , we can not afford a Tiananmen Square in Cairo . " -- McCain , "  State of the Union " On U.S. aid to Egypt : "  We have sent a very clear message that we want to see restraint , we do not want to see violence by any security forces , and we continue to convey that message . There is no discussion as of this time about cutting off any aid . We always are looking and reviewing our aid . " -- Clinton , "  This Week " On whether Americans in Egypt should leave : "  We are following the conditions for American citizens extremely closely . This is one of my highest responsibilities . And we have authorized voluntary departure , which means that we will assist American citizens to leave Egypt . We have warned that there should not be any nonessential travel to Egypt . " -- Clinton , "  Fox News Sunday " On addressing the debt ceiling : "  We can come to a reasonable agreement that curbs spending . ... But to just stay in your corner and say , ` It 's my way or I 'm shutting down the government , ' that could lead to terrible , terrible problems . And I would plead with my new Republican colleagues in the House who seem to want to do this , that that is playing with fire . Please do n't do it . " -- Schumer , "  State of the Union " "  The president of the United States is asking us to increase the debt limit . But on Tuesday night , he did n't even address it . And I do n't think the American people will tolerate increasing the debt limit without serious reductions in spending and changes to the budget process , so that we can make sure that this never happens again . The other night , all he did was call for more stimulus spending . I think our team has been listening to the American people . They want to us reduce spending , and there is no limit to the amount of spending we 're willing to cut . " -- House Majority Leader John Boehner , "  Fox News Sunday " "  We have two opportunities to do something important for the country on spending and debt . We ought not to miss this opportunity . The president ought to step up to the plate with us and tackle it together . " -- McConnell , "  Meet the Press " On changing the health care legislation : "  The president has said he 's open to changes to this . He is not open to refighting the entire fight of health care . People have suggestions on how to make it better . But he 's not in favor of refighting this fight . " -- White House chief of staff Bill Daley , "  Face the Nation " On why he cries so much : "  I feel pretty strongly about what I do . I did n't come to Washington to be a congressman . I came here to do something . And I do n't need to be speaker of the House because I need some fancy title . I came here to do something on behalf of the American people . " -- Boehner , "  Fox News Sunday " On why he smokes : "  Oh , why do we bring this up again ? You know , smoking . It 's a bad habit but I have it . And it 's a legal product . I choose to smoke . Leave me alone . " -- Boehner , "  Fox News Sunday "	Egypt 's future "  is going to be up to the Egyptian people , " Clinton says ElBaradei : "  If  Mubarak  has an iota of patriotism , I would advise him to leave today " Obama open to changing health care law , but not refighting the entire fight , Daley says Boehner on crying : "  I feel pretty strongly about what I do "
CNN  -- A Jersey City , New Jersey , police officer shot in the line of duty last week died of his injuries Tuesday , a day before his 38th birthday , a spokeswoman for the city 's mayor announced . Police officers gather at the site of a shootout in Jersey City , New Jersey , on Thursday . Jennifer Morrill said Officer Marc DiNardo , who was wounded last Thursday in a shootout , passed away Tuesday morning . Jersey City Police Chief Thomas Comey told reporters Monday night that DiNardo was not expected to live . DiNardo was one of five officers injured early Thursday as they moved in for a tactical entry into an apartment where a shooting suspect and another person were holed up . Officials say the officers were met with gunfire , and a shootout ensued . Both suspects were killed , and DiNardo suffered two gunshot wounds to the face . Melissa Bartholomew , a family friend and fellow police officer , read a statement Monday from DiNardo 's family , which includes his wife Mary , three young children and his parents . She said DiNardo , whose 38th birthday is Wednesday , had a personality that no one could forget . "  Marc was not a selfish man . He was a moral man ; a man who gave himself for those who could n't care for themselves , " she said . DiNardo 's family plans to donate his organs , said Joe Scott , president of LibertyHealth and its Jersey City Medical Center . "  This unselfish act will live on in the lives that Marc will impact through organ donation . " Officer Michael Camacho , who was also wounded in the shootout , was upgraded from critical to serious condition and moved out of the intensive care unit , Scott said Monday . Camacho was shot in the neck during the gun battle . The other three officers were treated at a hospital and released .	Marc DiNardo was one of five officers injured in New Jersey shootout last week Two suspects were killed in shootout ; DiNardo was shot twice in face DiNardo 's family plans to donate his organs , medical center 's president says
CNN Student News  -- March 16 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day What is better for learning : print or electronic media ? Why ? What works best for you ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . St. Patrick 's Day is a national holiday in what country ? * * 2 . What was the last NASA space shuttle to be built ? * * 3 . What encyclopedia company recently announced it would no longer print its multi-volume sets but will still offer an online version ? * * 4 . Which British leader attended a state dinner at the White House on Wednesday ? * * 5 . What country controls 97 percent of the market for rare earth elements ? * * 6 . What aircraft carrier is the oldest active duty ship in the U.S. Navy ? * * 7 . What African warlord is the subject of a recent viral video campaign ? * * 8 . In what ocean would you find the Mariana Trench ? * * 9 . What U.S. defense secretary visited Afghanistan this week ? * * 10 . What organization had 18 girls attend its first meeting 100 years ago this week ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- It 's a beautiful day to be on the water a few kilometers off the southern coast of Sri Lanka . Within view of shore the spinner dolphins twist and turn energetically , flying fish launch out of the water and cruise for what seems like ages , and a manta ray gracefully glides under my boat . In the safety of my 20-foot research boat . I am the biggest thing on the water . Suddenly , a blue whale emerges close by , and as it breaks the surface , it exhales . This creature is so immense that the vertical tower of mist that escapes from its blowholes is taller than my boat is long . As it calmly swims , it teases me by revealing just parts of its huge self . It is hard to fathom just how large this creature truly is . I am mesmerized by the scene , impressed at how the buoyancy of the ocean has aided this giant to achieve near maximum size . My moment is disrupted when I become aware of the fleet of container ships close by . Each carries thousands of containers , which are on average twice the length of my boat . Welcome to one of the busiest shipping highways in the world . What I see is no different from what I hear when I drop my hydrophone  underwater microphone  in the water . The cacophony of the ships ' propellers drowns out all other sounds in the ocean before , during and often even after we have lost view of them in the distance . These ocean-going monsters are at the beck and call of human needs and their increasing numbers are a reflection of the escalating wants of an ever-growing global population . This morning 's lesson has been about perspective but I soon realize there are many more lessons to be learned . Moments like these concretize my desire to scientifically understand these whales in order to protect them . Moments like these drive me to work harder . Over the years , my research has shown that these whales are different , unorthodox even . Science has often described baleen whales  the group that blue whales belong to  as creatures of habit . They travel to the poles to feed and then migrate to the lower latitudes to mate and calve . But we find that quite incredibly , those within the Northern Indian Ocean choose to remain in tropical waters year-round . These blue whales grow up to 24 meters  78.7 feet  and have incredible energetic requirements so it makes sense for them to exploit the most productive areas of the ocean to ensure their survival . But these waters are often considered less productive than their temperate or polar counterparts , and this anomalous behavior leads me to question why ? How ? The Northern Indian Ocean clearly holds many secrets that we have yet to unravel . What excites me most is that the waters around Sri Lanka , slap-bang in the heart of the Indian Ocean , are home to a resident group of Northern Indian Ocean blues . My research is just beginning to shed light on what sustains this group of the largest animals to ever roam the oceans throughout the year . But besides fulfilling their nutritional needs , Sri Lankan waters provide a safe haven for mothers and calves and have given me the opportunity to observe mesmerizing portrayals of the persistence of males and the pickiness of females engaged in courtship rituals . The Northern Indian Ocean is as unorthodox as the blue whales that live within it . It is the only ocean that is not connected from the North Pole right through to the South Pole . The effects of this geographic isolation are profound , and the differences these blue whales display may be driven in part by this . Unfortunately , this isolation and their dependence on a restricted area for their most fundamental needs -- feeding , breeding and calving makes these blue whales increasingly vulnerable to threats . Very little is known about the causes of natural mortality for blue whales . They are after all , very large . However , human-induced threats abound . Not least , off the south coast of Sri Lanka . Sadly , the overlap between prime blue whale habitat and extremely busy shipping lanes increases the risk of mortality by ship strike . Blue whales do not belong wrapped on the bow of a container ship . They belong swimming freely in the ocean . Available data tells us that commercial shipping densities off the southern coast of Sri Lanka are double those in California 's Santa Barbara Channel where measures are already being taken to mitigate the risk of collisions with blue whales . My mission is to decrease whale mortality by ship strike in the waters off Sri Lanka with the support of a strong network of scientists from around the world . But to achieve this mission , I realize I have to be an unorthodox scientist . I have to ensure that people , not just scientists know of the problems faced by this population . I believe that the more we know , the more we care and the more we feel responsible and subsequently , the greater our chance of success . My dream is to work to protect these whales as best I can to ensure that the immense blue whale skeleton hanging from the ceiling of the Colombo National Museum since 1894 is not the only option for seeing blue whales in the future . -- To find out more about The Sri Lankan Blue Whale Project , please visit here The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Asha de Vos .	Asha de Vos : Northern Indian Ocean is home to unusual population of blue whales She says they choose to stay in tropical waters all year round Whales are threatened by heavy container ship traffic lanes , she says De Vos : My mission is to decrease blue whale deaths caused by ship strikes
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Ex-Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf acknowledged his government secretly signed off on U.S. drone strikes , the first time a top past or present Pakistani official has admitted publicly to such a deal . Pakistani leaders long have openly challenged the drone program and insisted they had no part in it . Musharraf 's admission , though , suggests he and others did play some role , even if they did n't oversee the program or approve every attack . In an interview this week in Islamabad , Musharraf insisted Pakistan 's government signed off on strikes "  only on a few occasions , when a target was absolutely isolated and no chance of collateral damage . " Still , his admission that Pakistani leaders agreed to even a limited number of strikes runs counter to their repeated denunciations of a program they long claimed the United States was operating without their approval . The drone strikes -- which the nonpartisan public policy group New American Foundation estimates have killed at least 1,990 people in Pakistan , including hundreds of civilians -- are unpopular in Pakistan . "  Today , the world superpower is having its own way , without any consent from Pakistan , " former Interior Minister Rehman Malik said last month . Despite such pronouncements , there 's been speculation that the story might have been different behind the scenes . In a cable sent in August 2008 and later posted online by Wikileaks , then-U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan Anne Patterson mentioned a discussion about drones during a meeting that also involved Malik and then-Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani . "  Malik suggested we hold off alleged Predator attacks until after the Bajaur operation , " Patterson wrote . "  The PM brushed aside Rehman 's remarks and said , ' I do n't care if they do it as long as they get the right people . We 'll protest in the National Assembly and then ignore it . ' " Unmanned U.S. drones began launching attacks in Pakistan in 2004 , by which time Musharraf had been president for five years after taking power in a bloodless coup . He said that Pakistani leaders would OK U.S. drone strikes after discussions involving military and intelligence units and only if "  there was no time for our own ... military to act . " This happened "  only rarely , " said Musharraf , who left office in 2008 and spent years in exile before returning to Pakistan last month to launch a political comeback . But sometimes , he said , "  you could n't delay action . " "  These ups and downs kept going , " he said . "  It was a very fluid situation , a vicious enemy , ... mountains , inaccessible areas . " Musharraf said that one of those killed by U.S. drones was Nek Mohammed , a tribal leader accused of harboring al Qaeda militants in Pakistan 's western border region . At the time , in June 2004 , Pakistan intelligence sources said Mohammed died after Pakistani forces launched a missile at a house where he was staying . Anti-drone bill advances in Florida Drones -- by the numbers Pakistani military battles militants near border with Afghanistan CNN 's Nic Robertson reported this story from Pakistan , and Greg Botelho wrote it in Atlanta .	FIRST ON CNN : Musharraf says Pakistan OK 'd U.S. drone strikes "  on a few occasions " He says sometimes "  you could n't delay , " noting the "  enemy " could be elusive and "  vicious " Pakistani officials have long condemned U.S. drone strikes and denied any role in them A drone killed Militant Nek Mohammed , Musharraf says ; Pakistan had credited its military
CNN  -- Oscar-winning filmmaker Roman Polanski has been arrested in Switzerland on a decades-old arrest warrant stemming from a sex charge in California , Swiss police said Sunday . Roman Polanski attends a film premiere in Paris , France , in June 2009 . Polanski , 76 , was taken into custody trying to enter Switzerland on Saturday , Zurich police said . A spokesman for the Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was arrested upon arrival at the airport . He has lived in France for decades to avoid being arrested if he enters the United States and declined to appear in person to collect his Academy Award for Best Director for "  The Pianist " in 2003 . The director pleaded guilty in 1977 to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor , acknowledging he had sex with a 13-year-old girl . But he fled the United States before he could be sentenced , and U.S. authorities have had a warrant for his arrest since 1978 . Watch what happens now for Polanski " Polanski was nominated for best director Oscars for "  Tess " and "  Chinatown , " and for best writing for "  Rosemary 's Baby , " which he also directed . He was en route to the Zurich Film Festival , which is holding a Polanski tribute this year , when he was arrested by Swiss authorities , the festival said . A provisional arrest warrant was issued last week out of Los Angeles , California , after authorities learned Polanski was going to be in Switzerland , Sandi Gibbons , spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney 's office , told CNN on Sunday . There have been repeated attempts to settle the case over the years , but the sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to return to attend hearings . Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man to go free who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child . " The Swiss Justice Ministry said Polanski was put "  in provisional detention . " But whether he can be extradited to the United States "  can be established only after the extradition process judicially has been finalised , " a ministry spokesman said in an e-mail . "  It is possible to appeal at the federal penal court of justice against an arrest warrant in view to extradition as well as against an extradition decision , " the spokesman wrote . "  Their decisions can be taken further to the federal court of justice . " Gibbons said the extradition process will be determined in Switzerland , but said authorities are ready to move forward with Polanski 's sentencing process , depending on what happens in Zurich . Polanski was accused of plying a 13-year-old girl with champagne and a sliver of a quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . He was 43 at the time . Nicholson was not at home , but his girlfriend at the time , actress Anjelica Huston , was . According to a probation report contained in the filing , Huston described the victim as "  sullen . " "  She appeared to be one of those kind of little chicks between -- could be any age up to 25 . She did not look like a 13-year-old scared little thing , " Huston said . She added that Polanski did not strike her as the type of man who would force himself on a young girl . "  I do n't think he 's a bad man , " she said in the report . "  I think he 's an unhappy man . " Polanski pleaded guilty to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor . There have been repeated attempts to settle the case over the years , but the sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to return to attend hearings . Prosecutors have consistently argued that it would be a miscarriage of justice to allow a man to go free who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child . " Polanski 's lawyers tried earlier this year to have the charges thrown out , but a Los Angeles judge rejected the request . In doing so , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski shows up in court . Espinoza also appeared to acknowledge problems with the way Polanski 's case was handled years ago . According to court documents , Polanski , his lawyer and the prosecutor thought they 'd worked out a deal that would spare Polanski from prison and let the young victim avoid a public trial . But the original judge in the case , who is now dead , first sent the director to maximum-security prison for 42 days while he underwent psychological testing . Then , on the eve of his sentencing , the judge told attorneys he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . Polanski fled the United States for France , where he was born . In the February hearing , Espinoza mentioned a documentary film that depicts backroom deals between prosecutors and a media-obsessed judge who was worried his public image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " said Espinoza . But he declined to dismiss the case entirely . Legal experts said such a ruling would have been extremely rare . Polanski 's victim is among those calling for the case to be tossed out . Samantha Geimer filed court papers in January saying , "  I am no longer a 13-year-old child . I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim , have surmounted and surpassed them with one exception . "  Every time this case is brought to the attention of the Court , great focus is made of me , my family , my mother and others . That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety , the continuation of the case . " Geimer , now 45 , married and a mother of three , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . She long ago came forward and made her identity public -- mainly , she said , because she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Following Espinoza 's ruling earlier this year , Geimer 's lawyer , Larry Silver , said he was disappointed and that Espinoza "  did not get to the merits and consider the clear proof of both judicial and prosecutorial corruption . " He argued in court that had "  Mr. Polanski been treated fairly " his client would not still be suffering because of publicity almost 32 years after the crime . Polanski 's arrest Saturday came two days after one of his wife 's killers died . The director 's pregnant wife , actress Sharon Tate , and four others were butchered by members of the Manson "  family " in August 1969 . Polanski was filming in Europe at the time . By her own admission , Susan Atkins held the eight-months-pregnant Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , stabbing the 26-year-old actress 16 times . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Brooke Bowman , Karan Olson and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	In 1977 director Roman Polanski pleaded guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old girl He has lived in France for decades to avoid arrest if he enters the U.S. Oscar winner was arrested en route to Zurich Film Festival , which was honoring him Polanski won Oscar for best director for "  The Pianist ; " did not collect it in person
CNN  -- Ever since his blistering debut as an angry , disenfranchised ghetto kid in "  La Haine " , Vincent Cassel has gained a reputation for giving the kind of performances it 's hard to ignore . Cassel has won plaudits for his virtuoso turn as a French gangster in the movie "  Mesrine . " Angular and athletic with a menacing pout and searing blue eyes , the French actor has made his name playing hard-edged , morally compromised , often unlikeable characters . Away from the onscreen bad boys , he 's one half of France 's most glamorous screen couple . His wife , the Italian actress Monica Belluci is a big name in her own right , and has starred in the last two films of the "  Matrix " trilogy as well as acting alongside Cassel in a number of movies . A huge star at home , Cassel has enjoyed critical success abroad with roles in films like "  Eastern Promises " , David Cronenburg 's 2007 tale about the Russian mafia in London , and is one of only a handful of French male stars to get parts in Hollywood . He has enjoyed cameos in "  Ocean 's Twelve " and "  Ocean 's Thirteen " as well as voicing the character of Monsieur Hood in the "  Shrek " cartoon . That said he 's yet to score a real Hollywood hit in his own right . The moment for that may not be far away , especially after his recent virtuoso turn in the French blockbuster "  Mesrine " . In the film he plays the real-life French gangster Jacques Mesrine . His performance helped make the film a huge hit in France and netted him a best actor César , the French equivalent of the Oscars . "  Cassel  is viewed in France as a very good actor with charisma and intelligence , " Agnes Poirier , a London-based French film critic told CNN . "  Like most intelligent actors , he 's politically aware and does n't mince his words . " France 's most wanted criminal in the seventies , Mesrine is a controversial figure in his native land . A charismatic and psychotic criminal , he courted the press and was known for daring bank heists and prison breaks . He was eventually gunned down by police on the streets of Paris in 1979 . The two-part movie -- released in the UK and the U.S. this month -- is the perfect showcase for Cassel 's muscular brand of acting and pairs him up with the grand old master of French cinema , Gerard Depardieu , who plays the head of Mesrine 's band of hoodlums in the film . "  He 's not yet seen on a par with Depardieu , " said Poirier . "  Not being of a classic beauty , Cassel belongs to the "  gueules cassées "  which literally means "  broken faces "  such as Jean-Paul Belmondo before him . It 's French gallic charm with character . " Cassel 's first movie role was in "  La Haine "  or "  Hate " in English  the 1995 indie hit about a group of youths living on a Paris housing estate . Directed by "  Amelie " star Matthieu Kassovitz , the film stirred controversy because of its stark depiction of racial tensions . In it Cassel plays an angry young boxer with a Robert De Niro obsession . The middle-class son of the popular film actor Jean-Pierre Cassel , he was not an obvious choice to play the part of a disenfranchised street kid . Even so , he made the part his own and still maintains the movie is one of his proudest moments . "  I love that "  La Haine " is still so accurate , but that also horrifies me , " Cassel told London 's Observer newspaper in an interview earlier this year . He told the paper that he did n't think France was a racist place but that the country still had "  many problems with our immigrant past . " The 42-year-old Parisian did n't rest on his laurels following "  La Haine . " He made a string of hard-hitting films , the most controversial of which by far was the 2002 movie "  Irréversible . " The film is told backwards and features an excruciating 10-minute rape scene in which Belluci , his wife , plays the victim . In spite of the raw subject matter , the experience of filming with his wife on "  Irréversible " is something Cassel clearly enjoyed since the two have appeared with each other in eight other movies . The golden couple of the Gallic movie scene have a daughter together but France 's strict privacy laws mean they 're afforded a degree of freedom not always permitted to their Hollywood counterparts . "  The French press is famously respectful of personalities ' private lives especially if those celebrities do n't play with the fire of self-seeking publicity , " said Poirier . "  Mesrine : Killer Instinct " is in UK cinemas now . "  Mesrine : Public Enemy No. 1 " is in UK cinemas 28 August	In his latest role Vincent Cassel plays a famous French gangster For his part in "  Mesrine " Cassel gained nearly 20 kilos The actor has made his name playing screen tough guys He has a daughter with the Italian actress and ex-model Monica Belluci
CNN Student News  -- March 21 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Libya • Japan : Disaster-affected Areas • Haiti Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Military action is underway in the skies over Libya , and the U.S. is one of several countries involved . It 's our first story in the week 's first edition of CNN Student News . First Up : Libya Civil War AZUZ : It 's called "  Operation Odyssey Dawn , " and the goal is to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya . The United Nations Security Council voted for that no-fly zone late last week . The coalition responsible for enforcing it is made up of forces from the U.S. , Great Britain and France , among others . After the Security Council 's vote , Libya 's government declared a cease-fire in its fighting with rebel forces . And it invited representatives from other nations to come to Libya to make sure the cease-fire was real . Coalition forces were convinced that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was not following the rules of the cease-fire . On Saturday , the coalition attacked . You can hear the sounds of gunfire in the capital city of Tripoli . A U.S. commander said missiles landed near the capital and around other cities as part of these attacks . The fighting between Colonel Gadhafi 's forces and rebels raged on in other cities , like Benghazi . Here , you can see a fighter jet that was shot down over Benghazi on Saturday . Admiral Michael Mullen , the chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , said on Sunday that coalition forces had taken out most of Libya 's air defense systems . But Admiral Mullen also said the U.S. role in "  Operation Odyssey Dawn " would be limited , saying "  we 're not going to put any boots on the ground . " Colonel Gadhafi ? He 's harshly criticized the other countries getting involved with the civil war in Libya . He called the coalition forces "  terrorists " and promised a "  long-drawn war . " But Sunday , a spokesman for the Libyan military called for another cease-fire . Soundcheck U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Today , we are both also delivering assistance and support to the Japanese people at their greatest hour of need . The ties that bind our nations to Japan are strong . In the United States , we forged an alliance of more than sixty years . The people of Japan are some of our closest friends , and we will pray with them , and stand with them , and rebuild with them until this crisis has passed . Disaster in Japan AZUZ : We 're starting to see some new effects of the nuclear crisis in Japan that resulted from a tsunami triggered by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake . Yesterday , the government health ministry banned the sale of spinach from the area near the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . Officials made that decision based on radiation levels that were over the government limit . There were already bans on the sale of raw milk and restrictions on produce from the area surrounding the nuclear plant . Workers inside that power plant were starting to see some signs of progress over the weekend in their efforts to cool down these nuclear reactors . But officials say "  even in the best scenario , there will be a lot of bumps ahead . " One they came across Sunday was the possibility that they might need to release radioactive gas into the air . They would do that in order to release some of the pressure that 's building up inside one of the reactors . The tsunami knocked out the plant 's cooling systems , and getting those back online is crucial . Allan Chernoff has a household comparison that helps explain why . ALLAN CHERNOFF , CNN SENIOR CORRESPONDENT , NEW YORK : To get a sense of the challenge confronting the Japanese at the Daiichi nuclear plant , consider this situation in a kitchen : a pot with no water on top of a high flame . Obviously , this dangerous situation could cause a fire in here . Well , stay with me . Those spent nuclear rods can generate tremendous heat , up to 2,100 degrees . Enough to melt them , burn them and send radioactive material into the atmosphere . They have to be kept under water , just like spaghetti when we 're cooking . Now , those rods are normally kept under 30 feet of water , but according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , in at least one of the pools in Japan , the rods are exposed ; there 's virtually no water or no water at all . So , how do we resolve this situation ? Well , if we do n't take the pot off the flame , we add water . And that is exactly what the Japanese are trying to do right now ; any way they can , even dumping it from helicopters . They are trying desperately to get water into that pool to avoid a nuclear disaster . Allan Chernoff , CNN , New York . AZUZ : There was some good news on Sunday when rescue workers found an 80-year-old woman and her 16-year-old grandson . They 'd been trapped in their home for nine days . The news gave hope to other people whose loved ones are still missing . But as Gary Tuchman explains , the search efforts are not easy . BEGIN VIDEO GARY TUCHMAN , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Kesennuma , Japan . The scene behind me here is one of chaos , confusion ; it is surreal . If you see the video we took , you wo n't believe it . At least , we did n't when we saw it in person . So much debris , so much rubble . It 's impenetrable . It is like a canyon . When we went down there , it 's like climbing a mountain . Cars , boats , houses : pushed out of different neighborhoods , pushed out of different areas and blocking fire officials , military officials . They 're looking for survivors , the possibility of survivors , or trying to find bodies . We met a woman today who told us her father was at the second floor of his house , made the decision to stay in the second floor when the tsunami siren sounded . Well , anyway , at this point , they ca n't get to the house . It appears the house is still there , but there 's so much rubble surrounding the house , there 's no way to check if this man survived . It 's just an absolutely incredible scene . It 's hard to imagine what the people here in northeastern Japan are going through . The death toll is rising rapidly . We know it will continue to rise . We ourselves , just myself and my crew , found a body in the back of a car . This is how they 're finding bodies , the officials . There 's so much rubble down there they ca n't get to . It 's very likely that it will be weeks or months before they come anywhere close to knowing what this death toll is . And the aftershocks continue . Last night , while we were sleeping , we felt at least six or seven sizable aftershocks , and that only increases the anxiety that people feel here in northeastern Japan . This is Gary Tuchman , CNN , in Japan . END VIDEO Impact Your World AZUZ : A lot of you have been asking on our Facebook page about how you can help the victims of this crisis . In the Spotlight section on our homepage , that 's CNNStudentNews.com , click on "  Impact Your World . " You 'll get a list of the organizations helping out with relief efforts and learn how you can be part of them . For more information about what 's going on in Japan or about any of the stories we cover in our show , you can always check out the In-Depth section at CNNStudentNews.com . Haiti Elections AZUZ : Haiti : a nation still struggling to recover from a devastating earthquake that hit it more than a year ago . It 's also trying to resolve a presidential election from last November . None of the candidates got enough votes for an outright victory . Yesterday , Haitians headed to the polls to vote in a runoff election . One candidate is a former law professor and first lady . The other is a Haitian entertainer . There were some problems early on at a couple polling locations : missing ballot boxes , and not enough ink to mark who had voted . But officials said those issues were resolved by later in the morning . The final results of the runoff are scheduled to be released in mid-April . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A big Gilles-Sweet Shoutout today is dedicated to Mr. Schulenberg 's class in Fairview Park , Ohio ! Which word best describes the moon 's orbit around the Earth ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Circular , B  Helical , C  Elliptical or D  Square ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The moon moves around the Earth in an elliptical orbit . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Super Moon AZUZ : Well , if you looked outside and thought the moon looked bigger and brighter than usual this weekend , it 's because it was ! Because of that elliptical orbit around the Earth , full moons look different . And this full moon this past Saturday was the closest one to Earth in 18 years . It 's called a super perigee moon . Perigee being the point on the moon 's orbit when it 's closest to Earth . The opposite point -- when it 's at its farthest point from Earth -- is called apogee . If you did n't get a chance to see the special event over the weekend , you 're just gon na have to be patient . The next super perigee moon will show up in the year 2029 . Before We Go AZUZ : We had to do some digging to find today 's Before We Go segment . But it 's nothing compared to what these folks are going through ! It 's the 33rd International Intercollegiate Mining Competition . Three days of hauling , pounding , drilling , all to show off a mastery of mining . 33 teams come from colleges all over the world for the annual event . How do you get through three days of intense , physical competition ? Goodbye AZUZ : It 's simply a case of mine over matter . We 're gon na cart ourselves out of here . But CNN Student News returns tomorrow . You know the drill . We 'll see you then . Bye bye !	Get up to speed on a coalition operation involving airstrikes against Libya Understand the challenges of assessing the toll of a disaster in Japan Gaze up at a moon that appears bigger because it is literally closer to Earth Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  It was news Lois Greste hoped to hear for more than a year . "  I sort of dreamed about it quietly , not daring to think about it too much , " she said Monday , grinning as she described her relief at learning her son was released from prison and safely out of Egypt . Australian Al Jazeera journalist Peter Greste had been behind bars since December 2013 . On Sunday , family members learned he was finally free . "  I 'm ecstatic , you know , I just ca n't say how happy I am about it all , " his mother said . "  I 'm very excited and pleased , and thank goodness this is all over . " But as they thanked government officials , journalists and supporters around the world for helping push for his freedom , the Greste family also told reporters at a press briefing in Australia on Monday that there 's more to be done . "  On a more somber note , we also -- and I know Peter sincerely wanted me to mention this point -- we want to acknowledge that Peter 's two other colleagues are still there , " Andrew Greste said . "  They also deserve to be freed . Peter wo n't rest until they 're released from prison , and we hope that will follow in the very near future . " Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Baher Mohamed , fellow Al Jazeera journalists , remain behind bars . All three were convicted of supporting the banned Muslim Brotherhood , but have maintained their innocence . Al Jazeera demanded their release , as did a chorus of many other international journalists . Egypt 's highest court recently accepted the appeal of the three journalists and granted them a retrial . On Sunday morning , Greste 's family started to hear rumors that something might happen , then checked with their contacts . It seemed like it could be true . "  But Egypt is a very uncertain and unpredictable place , and until he was on that plane , anything could have happened . ... He was n't out of there until he was out of there , " Andrew Greste said . Now Peter Greste is in Cyprus , "  gathering his thoughts , " his brother said . "  He 's safe , healthy and very , very happy to be on his way home . " After his release , family members said he enjoyed a meal of beer and pork . Now , his family members say they 're giving him time to figure out where he 'll go -- and what he 'll do -- next . "  He needs that space to start with , " Lois Greste said , "  but we 're sure he 's going to be fine . " Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said Greste had been released "  unconditionally , " but will need some time to adjust to life outside prison . "  He was somewhat bewildered . He was only given short notice by Egyptian authorities that he was to be released unconditionally . We moved as fast as we could to collect him from the prison and escort him to the airport and make arrangements for his immediate departure , " she said "  He will make his way home , in his own time . I think he wants a little bit of rest and recreation , but he also wants to be reunited with his family and friends as soon as possible . " Greste left Egypt around 4 p.m. local time  9 a.m. ET  Sunday , Egyptian Interior Ministry spokesman Hany Abdel Latif said . But one of Greste 's lawyers suggested there could be more legal issues ahead for Greste . "  According to Egyptian law , this is considered an extradition , " lawyer Amr Eldib , said . "  Peter must be tried in Australia and authorities there must determine if he is guilty or not . " Al Anstey , the managing director of Al Jazeera English , said he spoke with Greste earlier Sunday . The journalist " sounded strong . " "  He sounded immensely relieved -- perhaps not celebratory but immensely relieved , " Anstey told CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " Anstey sought to keep attention on Fahmy and Mohamed . "  It 's very unclear what 's happening to Baher and what 's happening for Mohamed , " he said . "  But we just need to bring this injustice to an end and to get them out . " At the time of their arrest in December 2013 , Egypt was mired in political turmoil surrounding the removal , by coup , of President Mohamed Morsy in his Muslim Brotherhood-backed government . After Morsy was ousted , the longstanding political party was declared a terrorist organization by the military , which had staged the coup . Greste described in a January 2014 letter how he and his colleagues were detained , saying that interior ministry officials burst into a hotel room that he and Fahmy were using . Officials rushed Baher Mohamed 's home , he said . "  I am nervous as I write this , " the letter read . "  I am in my cold prison cell after my first official exercise session -- four glorious hours in the grass yard behind our block and I do n't want that right to be snatched away . " "  That is why I have sought , until now , to fight my imprisonment quietly from within , to make the authorities understand that this is all a terrible mistake , that I 've been caught in the middle of a political struggle that is not my own , " he wrote . "  But after two weeks in prison it is now clear that this is a dangerous decision . It validates an attack not just on me and my two colleagues but on freedom of speech across Egypt . " Read the letter Greste wrote while in prison Amnesty International and other observers have long held that Greste , Fahmy and Mohamed were pawns in a geopolitical dispute between Egypt and Qatar , the small Middle Eastern country that finances Al Jazeera . Qatar has long been perceived as a supporter of the Muslim Brotherhood . Egypt is the sixth leading jailer of journalists in the world , according to a census the non-partisan Committee to Protect Journalists took in December 2014 . The jailing and sentencing of the Al Jazeera journalists generated outrage from colleagues and activists around the world . A campaign led by Al Jazeera declared that "  Journalism is not a crime . " For Egypt , Al Jazeera prisoners were PR disaser amid bigger problems Many tweeted under the hashtag #freeajstaff and journalists , including CNN 's Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour , who held up a sign with the campaign on her show . On Sunday , CPJ called on Egyptian President Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi to "  pardon and release Greste 's Al Jazeera colleagues Mohamed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed , and the other journalists still behind bars for doing their work . " Human Rights Watch did the same . Al Sisi issued a law last November giving him the power to deport foreign defendants . It brought hope to two of the Al Jazeera defendants ' families , but stoked concerns for others . Greste is Australian . Fahmy , who used to work for CNN , has dual nationality , with Egyptian-Canadian citizenship . Mohamed is Egyptian . Some worried that the case would lose its international appeal if Greste and Fahmy were released , leaving the Egyptian defendant behind bars . Jihan Rashed , Baher Mohamed 's wife , told CNN that she could n't believe Greste has been released . Why him and not her Egyptian husband ? "  Because they were all three in the same case , I do n't know  how  only one got released . I do n't know why they released him  Greste  now after a year . What 's special about this timing ? " she demanded . "  Are the foreigners more important in our country ? We used to hear that the three would be pardoned , but does this mean that only foreigners will be released ? " Rashed is worried but optimistic because she 's confident that Greste will tell the world that their imprisonment is unjust , she said . "  No one will be silent . We wo n't be silent , " she said . "  Peter wo n't be silent . " Rashed said that releasing Greste proves that the case is n't about terrorism as the Egyptian government claimed , but about targeting journalists . "  Mohamed  was doing his job , " she said . "  He was relaying news , saying what the Muslim Brotherhood said and what the government said . Do I need to explain what a journalist should do ? " Fahmy 's mother , Wafa Abdel Hamid Bassiouni , appealed to Al Sisi in a statement that an Egyptian news outlet published Sunday , telling the President that her son is ill with Hepatitis C and an injured shoulder . "  As a mother and an Egyptian citizen I appeal to you , Mr. President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi , to pardon my son ... It hurts me to see his health deteriorating while I have little access to him , " she wrote . "  My father and uncles have served in the highest ranks of the police force and the military . They have spent their lives defending Egypt ... It breaks my heart that the son of a patriotic family like ours has been wrongfully framed as a terrorist in a trial that produced no evidence to  support  the accusations . " Read her full letter CNN 's Ian Lee and Sarah Sirgany reported from Cairo , and Ashley Fantz and Catherine E. Shoichet reported and wrote this story in Atlanta . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman , Josh Levs and Brian Stelter also contributed to this report .	Australia 's foreign minister says journalist Peter Greste was released "  unconditionally " Greste is "  safe , healthy and very , very happy to be on his way home , " his brother says He says the Australian Al Jazeera journalist "  wo n't rest " until his colleagues are also freed
Beirut  CNN  -- When all-American Jennifer Grout first stepped on stage to audition , nobody could have anticipated how this 23-year-old from Massachusetts would take the Middle East by storm . Now , she may very well win "  Arabs Got Talent , " one of the biggest televised talent contests in the region . During her debut appearance , she looked so out of place that many thought she 'd flop altogether . "  It was nerve-wracking , " Grout said , "  because I came on stage and I did n't understand . " The show 's judges were questioning her in Arabic , and Grout had great difficulty following , making for some very awkward moments . But then she started strumming her oud , a traditional Arabic musical instrument , and the mood began to shift . She belted out a classic Arabic song . That 's when her life changed . The American novice had chosen to cover an Egyptian diva , legendary songstress Umm Kulthoum , so revered throughout the region that many Arabic singers would be too intimidated to make such an attempt . "  When I 'm performing , I 'm in a different element , " Grout said . "  So at that point , I was n't scared . " To everyone 's surprise , her rendition of the classic "  Baeed Annak  Far From You  " was a huge hit . "  When I finished , everyone was just shocked , " explained Grout . "  Actually , when the judges were giving their comments after my performance , I did n't understand them , either . " She was n't the only one confused . Fans of the show wondered how a young foreigner who barely spoke Arabic could sing it so well . ` Her voice just spoke to me ' It was just three years ago when Grout , who 'd spent most of her life studying classical music and opera , first encountered another grand dame of Arabic music . She was studying at McGill University in Montreal at the time . "  I came across an article online about the famous Lebanese singer Fairouz , and I was just really mesmerized by her singing , " she remembers . "  It was like nothing I had heard before . " Once she discovered Umm Kulthoum , her attention turned eastward . "  Well , her music is the best , and her voice just spoke to me , " Grout said admiringly . "  Her music is just so deep , and it touches my soul . " She began studying Arabic and learning how to play the oud . After college , she moved to Morocco , where she learned local Berber music and began performing in Marrakesh 's Jemaa el Fnaa Square . Now , life is completely different . With her appearances on "  Arabs Got Talent , " Grout 's become very popular -- but she has n't only made fans . Critics have slammed her , asking why an American should be allowed to compete on a reality show for Arabs . Her performance of Syrian singer Asmahan 's "  Ya Toyour  Oh Birds  " got her through to the finals . Famous Lebanese singer Najwa Karam , one of the show 's judges and a supporter of Grout 's , faced criticism when she voted for the American over an Arab group of contestants . Break with tradition Some have even suggested Grout , the first non-Arab contestant to compete on the show , is n't even really American , latching on to her very distinct accent in an attempt to prove it . She laughs off such claims . "  Ever since I was younger , I 've had a different way of speaking , " she said . "  I remember when I was a kid growing up in Boston , my parents had a Vermont accent . I actually tried to pick up a Boston accent at one point because I thought it was cool . And then I came home , and my parents were like , ` why are you speaking like that ? ' " Grout says she 's taking it all in her stride . "  I like my accent . I like the fact that it 's unique , and I think it 's narrow-minded to believe that just because you 're from a certain place , you have to speak a certain way . Because people learn and people change and people travel , and things about them change all the time . Why does that not include accents ? " Grout has become a sensation by singing the most unexpected of songs . It 's not just that she chose traditional songs , it 's also that she broke with tradition when doing so . At a time when more and more Middle Eastern musicians are borrowing Western sounds and styles , this American decided to cross musical cultures and defy cultural expectations . "  I 'm really happy because this music is so special for me , but it does n't really get much acknowledgment in the West , " she said . "  And I feel like I 'm bringing a new audience and almost giving the music the justice it deserves . " The finals take place Saturday night in Beirut , broadcast live by the MBC network . The winner will be announced on the same night -- could it be the singer from Massachusetts ?	Jennifer Grout has won over many fans with her renditions of classic Arabic songs She is through to the finals of Middle East TV reality show "  Arabs Got Talent " The 23-year-old from Massachusetts barely speaks Arabic but can sing it very well "  When I finished , everyone was just shocked , " she says of her debut performance
CNN  A teen couple from Kentucky was arrested Sunday after two weeks on the run following a series of car and gun thefts . Dalton Hayes , 18 , and Cheyenne Phillips , 13 , were arrested in Panama City Beach , Florida , authorities said . The two are suspected of stealing three cars -- two with guns inside -- in various states . They were the subjects of a search that stretched from Kentucky to Georgia . Authorities discovered them asleep in a Toyota Tundra stolen in Georgia , the Grayson County Sheriff 's Office in Kentucky said in a statement . "  The vehicle was surrounded by law enforcement , and both Hayes and Phillips were taken into custody without further incident , " the sheriff 's office said . Officials are trying to get them extradited back to Kentucky to face multiple felony charges . During their time on the run , authorities described the young couple as "  increasingly brazen and dangerous . " "  I know Dalton , and he has a history of making bad , bad decisions , " Sheriff Norman Chaffins said . "  I was the school resource officer before I was elected sheriff . Dalton is known to have disciplinary and defiance issues at the high school with authority . " Hayes was recently charged with burglary and was out on bond , the sheriff said . Cheyenne 's family reported her missing January 3 from Clarkson , Kentucky . Hayes ' relatives said they last heard from him in a text message on January 6 . Chaffins said the couple first stole a truck in Clarkson . Jim McGrew , its owner , told CNN affiliate WAVE the teens took the truck out of his garage and sped down the road before crashing into a fence and fleeing on foot . The wreck caused about $ 7,100 in damage to his truck , he said . An hour later , they stole a Toyota Tacoma pickup truck with a firearm inside , authorities said . That pickup was recovered in Henry County , Georgia , just south of Atlanta . This week , the sheriff 's department said the couple was spotted on security-camera video at a Walmart store in Manning , South Carolina . A Toyota Tundra pickup with a Georgia firefighter license plate was reported stolen from the area around the same time . That truck had two handguns inside -- a .38 - caliber and a .45 - caliber , the sheriff 's department said .	Dalton Hayes and Cheyenne Phillips are suspected of stealing three cars They were the subject of a search that stretched from Kentucky to Georgia
CNN  -- "  Celebrity Apprentice " will stay on the NBC prime-time schedule even if Donald Trump hits the presidential campaign trail , the network 's entertainment chairman said Sunday . The show 's "  big success " is "  due in part " to Trump , Bob Greenblatt said , but he predicts it can go on without him . "  If he decides to run for president and is unavailable to do the show , we will bring the show back and there will be somebody else sitting at the head of the boardroom table , " NBC 's Bob Greenblatt said . "  Who that is , we 're not even going to really entertain because I 'm still hoping we will have Donald in the seat . " Trump , who has flirted with a 2012 presidential bid , is expected to make his intentions known on the final episode of the reality show 's current season . NBC has enjoyed a ratings bump from the Trump presidential buzz , Greenblatt said . "  We could n't be happier , " he said . "  There may be headaches down the road but at the moment we 're feeling really good about it . " While he wants Trump to be available to host "  Celebrity Apprentice , " Greenblatt said , "  It is the right and privilege for every American-born citizen in this country to run for the highest office in the land . "  Nothing would make me happier to see somebody reach that dream , " he said . The show will fill the 8-10 p.m. ET slot on NBC 's Sunday night schedule for the 2011-12 season , he said . CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	NBC renews "  Celebrity Apprentice " despite Donald Trump 's possible White House bid If he runs , somebody else will sit "  at the head of the boardroom table , " NBC 's Bob Greenblatt says Trump says he 'll make his intentions known at the end of the current season
CNN  -- She 's been a comedian , talk-show host and feared red carpet fashion critic . Now you can add winner of "  The Celebrity Apprentice " to Joan Rivers ' lengthy resume . Donald Trump and Joan Rivers attend "  The Celebrity Apprentice " season finale Sunday in New York . After weeks of competition , the 75-year-old dynamo beat out 15 other contestants , including Dennis Rodman , Tom Green and Brian McKnight , to take the top spot in this season 's edition of the reality show hosted by Donald Trump . Rivers went up against poker champion Annie Duke in Sunday night 's finale in which both women were charged with planning a VIP party and silent auction for the last and deciding task . "  They 're both tough , they 're both smart and they both hate each other , " Trump observed at the beginning of the show . The apparent tension between Rivers and Duke continued in the final boardroom , part of which played out in front of a live audience , with both finalists bickering and interrupting each other repeatedly as Trump looked on . In the end , Duke raised far more money at her event , but Rivers was able to attract more celebrities and provide a better overall experience for the guests at her party , and Trump declared her the winner of the competition . "  Your level of energy has been amazing , " he told Rivers . The victory means $ 250,000 for Rivers ' charity : God 's Love We Deliver . If the series thrives on conflict , it got plenty of mileage out of Rivers . She blew up at country singer Clint Black , referred to another contestant as a "  stupid blonde " and smashed a champagne glass out of frustration at one point . But Rivers seemed to be especially infuriated by Duke , calling her a "  despicable human being " -- the tamest of the insults she hurled in Duke 's direction over the course of the series . Rivers even walked out in a huff after her daughter , and fellow contestant , Melissa was fired from the show . The exit , complete with bleeped obscenities , was turned into a cliffhanger of sorts when it seemed like Rivers might not come back , but she returned to the show for the next task . You might think a show that 's best known for the phrase "  You 're fired " might not do so well in a bad economy when thousands of people have heard similar words for real at their workplaces , but the series averaged more than 8 million viewers a week , according to Entertainment Weekly . EW : Did the right one win ? Revived formula "  The Apprentice " made a splash when it debuted in 2004 , making a reality television star out of Trump and contestants such as Omarosa Manigault-Stallworth . For several seasons , the series took ambitious young mogul wannabes , divided them into teams and had them compete in tasks that ranged from selling lemonade to creating advertising campaigns for major corporations . The contestants vied for the chance to run one of Trump 's companies for a year , and Trump fired someone from the losing team each week until he selected an apprentice . Over the years , ratings for the show gradually declined , but the formula was revived in early 2008 with the first season of "  The Celebrity Apprentice . " The tasks , pressure-cooker atmosphere and boardroom bickering stayed the same , but the competition now featured contestants with varying degrees of fame and focused on raising money for charity . The first "  Celebrity Apprentice " top spot went to Piers Morgan , the prickly judge on "  Britain 's Got Talent " who made news this spring when he invited singing sensation Susan Boyle to dinner after her memorable performance on the show . Morgan also made several appearances on this season 's "  Apprentice , " sitting in as Trump 's "  eyes and ears " during one episode and interviewing the final four candidates in another . Morgan 's aggressive questioning seemed to annoy the celebrities , especially Jesse James , who glared icily at Morgan when he kept asking him why he did not turn to his wife , Sandra Bullock , for help in raising money during the various tasks . Perhaps Bullock might be tempted to try competing on the show herself . NBC announced last month it is bringing back "  The Celebrity Apprentice " for another installment in the spring of 2010 , Entertainment Weekly reported .	Joan Rivers wins this season 's "  Celebrity Apprentice " Rivers goes up against poker champion Annie Duke in finale Duke raises more money at her event , but Rivers is able to attract more celebrities The victory means $ 250,000 for Rivers ' charity
The full statement delivered by Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak concerning Malaysia Airlines MH370 Monday : "  This evening I was briefed by representatives from the UK Air Accidents Investigation Branch -- or AAIB . They informed me that Inmarsat , the UK company that provided the satellite data which indicated the northern and southern corridors , has been performing further calculations on the data . Using a type of analysis never before used in an investigation of this sort , they have been able to shed more light on MH370 's flight path . "  Based on their new analysis , Inmarsat and the AAIB have concluded that MH370 flew along the southern corridor , and that its last position was in the middle of the Indian Ocean , west of Perth . This is a remote location , far from any possible landing sites . "  It is therefore with deep sadness and regret that I must inform you that , according to this new data , flight MH370 ended in the southern Indian Ocean . "  We will be holding a press conference tomorrow with further details . In the meantime , we wanted to inform you of this new development at the earliest opportunity . We share this information out of a commitment to openness and respect for the families , two principles which have guided this investigation . "  Malaysia Airlines have already spoken to the families of the passengers and crew to inform them of this development . For them , the past few weeks have been heartbreaking . I know this news must be harder still . I urge the media to respect their privacy , and to allow them the space they need at this difficult time . "	"  With deep sadness ... I must inform you that ... MH370 ended " in Indian Ocean , PM says Najib says Malaysia Airlines has spoken to passengers ' and crews ' families Prime Minister says data came from Inmarsat and British accident investigation board
London  CNN  -- At an age when most of us were still mastering how to tie our shoelaces , Benjamin Grosvenor was working on his piano arpeggios and legato fingers . The British former child prodigy is now barely out of his teens , but already has a reputation as one of the most exciting and distinctive pianists in the world today . Having first hit the headlines at the age of 11 -- as the youngest ever finalist in the UK 's Young Musician of the Year competition -- Grosvenor last year became the youngest musician to sign to the esteemed Decca Classics label , and the first British pianist to do so in almost 60 years . So it 's surprising to learn that the precocious star has only the faintest memory of early childhood encounters with the instrument . "  There was always a piano in our house because my mother was a piano teacher and we had an upright which was there from when I was born . But I do n't have any strong first memory of my interaction with it , " he recalls . More from Human to Hero : Former Olympic rower Matthew Pinsent According to his mother , he says , he "  did n't have any interest in it at all " in the piano aged five and only resumed playing a year later after he discovered that his friends were taking lessons . "  I had no great desire to practice , but then some friends at school started playing and I was spurred on to work by the thought of them catching me up . It was a competition , " he remembers . Grosvenor likes to relay memories of his formative years in competitive terms : He admits that he did n't care much for the music as a child , but rather saw playing the piano as a "  challenge " that needed "  overcoming . " Indeed , such are the physical demands of regular practice that he describes himself as an "  athlete . " But , today , his passion for playing is driven by a profound belief in the power of music . "  The ability it has to communicate emotions to people . I think that is what it 's all about , " he says . Grosvenor 's fans certainly believe in his ability to transmit emotions . A "  romantic pianist , almost from another age ... He jumps inside the music 's soul , " is how British newspaper The Times described him recently . More from Human to Hero : Chinese archer Gao Fangxia Tellingly , Grosvenor says he spends almost as much time developing an emotional bond with a piece of music as he does physically practicing the notes at his piano . "  There are really two sides to playing the piano , I suppose , " he says . "  The ability to just play the notes and the ability to find meaning in them . "  Part of it is physical -- playing the same things over and over again to get them under your fingers and to get them in your muscle memory ... but playing something over and over again does n't necessarily make it better . " Instead , Grosvenor often develops an interpretation of a piece of music in his head , "  away from the piano . " For one so accustomed to regular public performance since childhood , Grosvenor still wrestles with debilitating nerves . "  There are concerts before which you have about half an hour where you feel pretty awful and during that time you are questioning , saying to yourself , ` Why am I doing this to myself again ? Why am I putting myself through this ? "  And then invariably by the end of the concert you look back at that and think , ` How silly , that was quite easy . ' But then by the next time you have forgotten that and you go through the same thing again , " he says . In order to combat performance anxiety , Grosvenor recently conjured an unorthodox mental preparation that he deploys before appearing onstage . More from Human to Hero : Michael Phelps ' photo finish "  I have been trying to picture the contours of an image of a valley I once saw , something completely irrelevant to what I 'm about to do and just to look over it and try and picture all the small details -- and I think that helps to calm me down , " he says . Whatever nerves he may feel inside , it certainly has n't affected his performances as far as everyone else is concerned . Last month alone he played to sold-out concerts at the Sydney Opera House , London 's Royal Albert Hall and the Parc du Chateau de Florans in France . And yet despite this extraordinary ongoing success , Grosvenor -- who just graduated from the Royal Academy of Music in London -- still sometimes wonders if he 's made the right career choice . "  I could be doing a degree in something else or working in a more steady profession I suppose , because as a performer it is not a regular job , it is not something that is guaranteed -- you have to keep up the standard . " It 's a sobering thought , so how does Grosvenor maintain the force of his convictions ? "  It is never playing the piano that is the problem -- it is the outside pressures . It is the pressures of the career and that is something to remember . You go through periods where you feel like all the work is piled on top of you but there is always an end to that and you just have to get through it ... It is usually alright in the end . "	Benjamin Grosvener is regarded as one of the finest concert pianists working today Grosvenor hit the headlines at the age of 11 ; now 20 , he plays sell-out concerts globally Originally spurred on to practice by competition with friends , he now plays for love of music Despite his success he still gets stage fright and wonders if he 's chosen the right career
CNN  -- A tearful Bubba Watson claimed his maiden PGA Tour victory after winning a three-man playoff for the Travelers Championship in Connecticut . Watson came from six behind on the final round to card a 66 as he went into extra holes with fellow Americans Corey Pavin and Scott Verplank as all finished on 14-under-par . Ryder Cup captain Pavin went out at the first sudden death hole and Verplank found trouble at the second , leaving Watson to two-putt for a par on the short 15th . Watson 's father is battling cancer and he was foremost in this thoughts after his triumph . "  I want to thank my dad and mom because without them I would be nothing . My dad is battling cancer now . ` Dad I am praying for you . I love you , " he told gathered reporters . Watson had to survive a double bogey on the 17th in regulation play before he birdied the final hole to make the playoff . "  For me to get into a playoff after shooting four-under was unreal , and to somehow make that par putt to win was unreal , " he said . England 's Justin Rose had a three-stroke lead going into the final round , bidding to follow up his maiden PGA Tour victory at the Memorial . But he fell away on the back nine for a five-over 75 as Watson ended the run of British success on the PGA Tour . Northern Ireland 's Graeme McDowell took last week 's U.S. Open . Previous to that was England 's Lee Westwood at the St.Jude Classic and Rose 's Memorial triumph . On the European Tour , England 's David Horsey also posted a maiden triumph as he shot a five-under-par 67 to come from five shots behind to win the BMW International Open in Munich . The 25-year-old carded birdies in two of the last three holes to finish one shot clear of compatriot Ross Fisher on an 18-under par total of 270 . Bradley Dredge of Wales , who led for the first three days and held a three-shot overnight advantage , finished in a five-way tie for third a further shot back after a two-over par 74 . "  It 's unbelievable and it 's not sunk in yet , " Horsey told the official European Tour website .	Bubba Watson wins three-man playoff to claim the Travelers Championship Watson beats off challenge of fellow Americans Corey Pavin and Scott Verplank David Horsey claims maiden victory on the European Tour in Munich
CNN  -- Syrian tanks stormed the flashpoint city of Hama Sunday in one of several clashes that rights groups said left more than 70 people dead and more than 100 injured nationwide . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported that at least 71 people were killed across the country , with at least 50 killed in Hama . Other human rights organizations offered different assessments of the situation , with some reporting that more than 100 people died in the city of Hama alone . A doctor in Hama said that more than 100 people were killed in the city and its surrounding areas . "  I feel terrible . I am exhausted , psychologically exhausted , the pain . I ca n't imagine a brother is killing his brother . And what for ? For the president ? It 's terrible here . We see a lot of this blood and things -- 115 dead -- it 's too much for one day , " he said . CNN was unable to independently confirm the death tolls . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said security forces were responding to "  armed groups " in Hama who blocked streets with barricades and terrorized citizens by firing from the rooftops of buildings , while human rights groups described the arrival of tanks as a raid on the city . Three members of security forces were killed in clashes in Hama and three members of the military were killed in Deir Ezzour , SANA said . The government-run agency said "  armed terrorist groups " had taken to the streets in Deir Ezzour , attacking police headquarters and stealing weapons . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an affiliation of groups that reports on protests in the nation , reported at least 11 people were killed in Deir Ezzour . In Hama , throngs of residents took to the streets in an attempt to block the tanks , a local activist said . More than 100 were injured in the city , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria . One Hama resident told CNN he was awakened at 4 a.m. by the sounds of bombs , machine guns and yelling . He said hospitals have begun calling people to come donate blood , but security forces have blocked the roads so people can not reach the hospital . "  Security forces and army tanks , whenever they see a car moving , they start shooting at the car , " he said . "  I 'm talking to you from the streets . I have my knife , " he said . The man said he and his neighbors are trying to protect the neighborhood , using only sticks , swords and knives . "  People are not scared here any more , " he said . "  What 's the worst ? The army and security people are already killing people . We are not scared of death at all . We are willing to pay anything -- our souls , anything -- just to get our freedom . " Tanks rolling near the border met fierce resistance from residents , said Omar al Habbal , a member of the committees . "  Hama will be very harsh to them , " said al Habbal , who lives in the city . "  The whole city has decided to resist with stones , not weapons . The army will either join the demonstrators or leave our city . " Gunfire rang through the air for hours , and thick black smoke covered areas where residents reported shelling and civilian casualties , al Habbal said . "  Mosques have been broadcasting repeated chants of ` Allah Akbar ' all morning , and everybody is in the street chanting , ` The people and the army are one hand , ' " al Habbal said . Local residents reported negotiating with the troops , with protesters standing up on the tanks and cheering , "  Syria is united ! " CNN could not independently verify the accuracy of the reports . The raid marks the latest violence as anti-government protesters in the nation have called for a new regime since mid-March . Activists blame the deaths of civilians in demonstrations on security forces , but the government has consistently attributed the violence to "  armed groups . " President Bashar al-Assad has drawn criticism at home and abroad for his tough crackdown on the protesters calling for his ouster . A spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Sunday the United Nations chief was "  deeply concerned " about reports of hundreds of protesters killed and injured . "  He strongly condemns the use of force against the civilian population and calls on the government of Syria to halt this violent offensive at once , " the spokesman said in a statement , referring to Ban . U.S. President Barack Obama said he was "  appalled " and pledged that U.S. officials will increase pressure on the Syrian regime , "  isolate the Assad government and stand with the Syrian people . " "  The reports out of Hama are horrifying and demonstrate the true character of the Syrian regime , " Obama said in a statement . British Foreign Secretary William Hague also condemned the reported attacks . "  The attack appears to be part of a coordinated effort across a number of towns in Syria to deter the Syrian people from protesting in advance of Ramadan . The attacks are all the more shocking on the eve of the Muslim holy month , " he said in a statement . "  President Bashar is mistaken if he believes that oppression and military force will end the crisis in his country . He should stop this assault on his own people now . " Earlier this month , Human Rights Watch said government forces targeted the city . "  Hama is the latest city to fall victim to President Bashar al-Assad 's security forces despite his promises that his government would tolerate peaceful protests , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  Security forces have responded to protests with the brutality that 's become familiar over the past several months . " The humanitarian watchdog said earlier this month that the forces raided homes , opened fire and set up checkpoints in and around the restive city , the site of a deadly military clampdown nearly 30 years ago . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Rima Maktabi and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : A doctor in Hama says more than 100 people were killed in and around the city "  People here are not scared any more , " one resident says U.S. President Barack Obama calls the situation in Hama "  horrifying " State media reports that "  armed groups " are terrorizing citizens
CNN  -- Human activity and climate change have left about 75 % of the world 's coral reefs threatened , putting the livelihoods of many countries that depend on the ocean ecosystems at risk , according to a report released this week . Local threats such as overfishing , coastal development , and watershed - and marine-based pollution are responsible for the immediate and direct threat to more than 60 % of the world 's reefs . Add to that thermal stress from rising ocean temperatures and the number of threatened reefs jumps to 75 % , the World Resources Institute found in the report , titled "  Reefs at Risk , " released Wednesday . "  This report serves as a wake-up call for policy-makers , business leaders , ocean managers , and others about the urgent need for greater protection for coral reefs , " said Jane Lubchenco , administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . "  As the report makes clear , local and global threats , including climate change , are already having significant impacts on coral reefs , putting the future of these beautiful and valuable ecosystems at risk . " The threat is the highest in Southeast Asia where nearly 95 % of the region 's reefs are threatened , mainly due to overfishing and destructive fishing , according to the report . Australia , home to the world 's largest reef system , the Great Barrier Reef , had the lowest threat level at 14 % . The numbers represent an alarming trend : a dramatic increase in the percentage of reefs rated as threatened . According to the report , the level has increased by 30 % in 10 years , mainly due to a rise in overfishing and destructive fishing . The report attributes the rise to the growth in coastal populations in the Pacific and Indian Ocean regions . Similarly , climate change is playing an increasing role in the growing threat levels as the warming atmosphere causes ocean temperatures to rise . As a result , "  mass coral bleaching , a stress response to warming waters , has occurred in every region and is becoming more frequent as higher temperatures recur , " the report says , noting that "  extreme bleaching kills corals outright . " "  Our projections suggest that during the 2030s , roughly half of reefs globally will experience stress sufficient to induce severe bleaching in most years , " the study says . "  During the 2050s , this percentage is expected to grow to more than 95 % . " Many countries , especially small island nations in the Pacific and Caribbean , rely on coral reefs for fishing , tourism and coastal protection , and the report says that "  degradation and loss of reefs will result in significant social and economic impacts . " However , the report also notes that reefs have shown an ability to rebound from "  extreme damage . " In order to help that recovery , "  local threats must be tackled head-on with direct management interventions , while efforts to quickly and significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions are of paramount concern not only for reefs but for nature and humanity as a whole , " the report says . Former Vice President Al Gore cautions in the report 's introduction that if efforts "  fail to address the multiple threats they  reefs  face , we will likely see these precious ecosystems unravel , and with them the numerous benefits that people around the globe derive from these ecological wonders . "	Causes are attributed to human activity and climate change The threat is the highest in Southeast Asia , the report says Threat levels have risen 30 % in 10 years Corals are known to be resilient and have bounced back from "  extreme damage "
CNN  -- Why stay home when there are 195 or 196  depending on whom you ask  countries out there with so much to show off ? Granted , spending January in the middle of Moscow wo n't do your poor circulation much good , and July in New Delhi requires industrial-strength antiperspirant . But for each month there 's a perfect city , and conversely each city can be best enjoyed in a specific month . Here 's a yearlong guide to the when , where and why : January : Tromso or Kirkenes , Norway Why : The chance to shorten your bucket list : specifically , to mark off the northern lights . Although the aurora borealis can be spotted anywhere between latitudes 65 and 72 degrees , Norwegian towns such as Kirkenes , Tromso , Alta and Svalbard offer ringside seats , especially in the winter . Sail Norway 's fiord-lined coasts aboard a Hurtigruten cruise ship , and the crew will provide wake-up calls when viewing is best . If snowmobiling and dog sledding under shimmery green curtains of solar particles colliding with atmospheric gases are n't on your bucket list , you just need better gloves . Weather report : To quote Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen , "  There 's no such thing as bad weather , only inappropriate clothing . " Who should avoid : Anyone dead set on maintaining a year-round suntan . 7 stunning European ski lodges February : Rio de Janeiro Why : If you thought the Brazilians ' costumes were crazy during the Olympics , wait until you see them at Carnival in Rio . Millions jam the streets for exuberant samba dancing , drumming and wild displays of joy . Christ the Redeemer , the world 's largest art-deco statue , watches over it all from Corcovado Mountain . You do n't have to be tall or tan or young or lovely to enjoy Ipanema and Rio 's other famous beaches . But you do need a bikini , the skimpier the better .  Bottom half only for guys . Weather report : Sunny and hot  average 32 degrees Celsius/90 degrees Fahrenheit  , perfect for the beach and revealing outfits . Who should avoid : Prudes who believe women should stick to turtlenecks . Lonely Planet 's top U.S. destinations for 2013 March : New Zealand Why : Art , food , weather ... in addition to the year-round views . Although you 'll want to spend time in the forward-thinking Kiwi city of Auckland -- maybe taking in the 2013 Auckland Arts Festival  March 6-24  -- this is the perfect month to get out in the country , where adorable lambs are everywhere , magically bounding from one beautiful hillside to another . It 's still warm enough for a day at the beach , yet fall colors are starting to erupt . Plus , where else can you take in a food festival that celebrates foraged food ? The Hokitika Wildfoods Festival  March 9  offers such delicacies as huhu grubs , sheep brains , gorse flower wine and wasp larvae ice cream . Weather report : Gorgeous , crisp days with averages in the low 20s C/low 70s F . Who should avoid : Squeamish eaters . Gollum and Sauron . April : Phuket , Thailand Why : Get a jump on your tan . When deciding on which of Phuket 's sandy beaches to put down your blanket , start at the Big Buddha , a 45-meter  148-foot  white jade icon with 360-degree views of Thailand 's biggest island and the Andaman Sea . Just know that arguments are fierce as to which beach is best -- there 's one for every taste from hard-to-find Banana Beach to upscale resorts such as the Amanpuri . Weather report : Monsoons do n't start until next month , so slather on the sunscreen and get comfortable . Who should avoid : The fun-averse . May : Tokyo Why : Cherry blossom photos minus other tourists ' backs and heads . During May 's Golden Week , when everybody flees the city , Japan 's capital is as empty as you 'll ever find it . The city 's 160,000-odd restaurants are practically empty  relatively speaking  , and you might even get a bid in at one of 1,000 stalls in Tsukiji Central Fish Market . Carp streamers known as koinobori are flying , the mountains are a lush green and , by the time everyone returns to the city , you 'll be going the other direction -- to the countryside or Kyoto or Hokkaido , where the cherry blossoms and accompanying hanami parties are just starting to bloom . Weather report : With summer 's crippling humidity still a month or so away , gardens and blossoms are at their height and temperatures in the low 20s C/low 70s F . Who should avoid : Travelers who enjoy being lost in crowds . June : Seoul , South Korea Why : To perfect your golf swing . Ever since 2009 , when Y.E. Yang came from behind to knock out Tiger Woods in the Hazeltine PGA Championship , becoming the first male Asian to win a major  the women have been winning championships since 1998  , golfing in South Korea has taken off like a bottle rocket . With the President 's Cup to be hosted here in 2015 and lots of new , upscale private clubs opening -- many that resemble modern art museums -- South Korea is becoming a legit golf destination . Weather report : Mild temperatures and lots of camellias and azaleas . Who should avoid : Cheapskates . South Korea 's fancy new golf courses require large membership fees . July : Tanzania and Kenya Why : To experience the Great Migration , when thousands of wildebeest and zebras move across the sun-dried landscape of the Serengeti . In July , you can ditch the crowds in the pristine , rarely visited northern Serengeti and more popular Masai Mara Game Reserve . Weather report : Dry with pleasant temps , average high of 28 C/82 F . Who should avoid : City dwellers who hate the outdoors and/or camping . August : Quebec City , Quebec Why : While it 's roasting in the rest of the Northern Hemisphere , this 400-year-old city with cobblestone streets , eclectic cafe culture and nonstop entertainment rings in with perfect temps . A lot of freebie entertainment is available , from Cirque du Soleil shows  tickets in other cities go for $ 100-plus  to fireworks over the St. Lawrence River to the world 's largest movie screen . Weather report : Mostly sunny with an average 25 C/77 F . Who should avoid : Tightwads who dislike tipping -- street performers on every corner pass hats . September : Cape Town , South Africa Why : It 's naturally beautiful throughout the year , but Cape Town is in prime spring form with flowers sprouting everywhere . But because it 's technically off-season , air fare and hotel bargains are available for bargain hunters . Offshore you 'll find magnificent right whales in the process of making more magnificent right whales . Weather report : Temps pleasant with cool evenings . Who should avoid : Claritin addicts . October : Munich , Germany Why : The ultimate party  6 million takers per year  is in full swing . Despite its many imitators , the original Bavarian Oktoberfest , where beer is n't classified as alcohol but as a "  health drink , " is hard to top . It 's so popular no one wants to wait till October to start ; the 2013 event runs from September 21 to October 6 . Men wear lederhosen , women sport boob-accentuating dirndls , oompah bands play and everyone is singing , albeit somewhat poorly . While you might imagine that playing a prost song every seven minutes  that 's the average toasting interval  could lead to a fast descent into chaos , Germans value rules and order , and even when tents are canvas-wall-to-canvas-wall , civility prevails . For those hoping to finance the rest of their year of travel , take note that Oktoberfest workers can earn $ 19,000 in 16 days . Crucial tip : Make a table reservation six months to a year ahead of time -- those who just show up to the party will not be able to find a seat inside any of the tents and wo n't be served . Weather report : Temperatures are crisp and cool  about 16 C/60 F  , and Bavaria 's mountains are in their full autumn glory . Who should avoid : Enochlophobics . November : Sydney , Australia Why : With more than 50 beaches  that 's just those in the city limits  and 300 days of sunshine , there 's no such thing as a bad time to visit this city . But in November , before summer air fares kick in , reasonable flights and hotel rooms can be scored . And even though the Melbourne Cup is run hundreds of miles to the south  on November 5  , the thoroughbred horse race incites a countrywide party . Weather report : Beach weather  mid-20s C/mid -70 s F  without the crowds . Who should avoid : People without sunscreen . December : London Why : Charles Dickens . No sooner did sweaty Olympic bodies pack up their medals and go home than London began unpacking its impressive holiday decorations . The sweet-spirited Cratchits left a legacy that England 's capital does n't take lightly . From the giant Norwegian spruce  given to London by Norway each year  at Trafalgar Square to Hyde Park 's Winter Wonderland to Harrods , Fortnum & Mason 's and other department stores ' extravagant , light-strewn windows , 't is definitely the season to be jolly . Carolers , light displays , ice skating and choirs at Westminster Abbey make this the quintessential place to celebrate Christmas . Not to mention that massive bargains and sales take center stage right after Boxing Day . Weather report : Cold , wet days are perfect for sipping mulled wine in front of cozy , wood-burning fireplaces . Who should avoid : Anyone who uses words like "  bah " and "  humbug . "	See the northern lights in Norway in January , then head to Rio for Carnival Check out the cherry blossoms in Tokyo in May and skip over to South Korea for golfing In December , soak up the holiday spirit in London
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , a former U.S. attorney , said he had no qualms about a possible lawsuit from the recently quarantined nurse in his state . Campaigning Tuesday in Rhode Island for GOP gubernatorial nominee Allan Fung , the straight-talking Republican also hit back at criticism that the nurse was n't treated well enough , arguing she even had internet access and takeout food . "  Whatever , " he said , when pressed by reporters about a potential legal challenge . "  Get in line . I 've been sued lots of times before . Get in line . I 'm happy to take it on . " Obama strikes back at Christie on Ebola Kaci Hickox , a health care worker who returned last week from helping Ebola victims in Sierra Leone , was isolated over the weekend in a tent inside a Newark hospital . Saying she was not symptomatic , she strongly protested the quarantine , hiring legal counsel and drawing the national spotlight to what she described as a violation against her rights . She was released and sent to Maine on Monday . Attorneys for Hickox have raised the possibility of challenging New Jersey 's quarantine policy in court . Christie on Ebola policy : ` We 're not moving an inch ' Facing questions over the condition of tent , Christie said he had no concerns about how she was treated . "  Neither did the -LSB- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention -RSB- , who was on the ground in University Hospital monitoring the conditions she was in . She had access to the internet and we brought her takeout food . " Ebola outbreak : Get up to speed Christie understood why she felt inconvenienced , he said , but argued she had a fever at one point and he did what was right for the general public . "  There 's been all kinds of malarkey ... about this . She was inside the hospital in a climate-controlled area with access to her cell phone , access to the internet , and takeout food from the best restaurants in Newark . She was doing just fine . "	Chris Christie brushed off questions about a potential lawsuit over his handling of Ebola The legal challenge could come from a nurse who was quarantined over the weekend She argued her isolation was a violation of her rights But Christie said she had access to the Internet and takeout food
Mental Floss  -- Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair 's memoir , "  A Journey , " is sparking all sorts of picketing and protesting around the U.K. , so we thought it might be a good time to take a look at a few presidential memoirs from this side of the pond . Here are a few things you might not have known about former presidents ' literary output . Best choice of  possible  ghostwriter Ulysses S. Grant should have been on sound financial footing when he finished his second term in 1877 . He was arguably the world 's most famous war hero , and he had been in the White House for eight years . In reality , though , his finances were anything but stable . Following a two-year trip around the world and a disastrous investment with a swindling banking partner , Grant found himself on the verge of bankruptcy ; he even had to sell his Civil War mementos to pay off debts . He still had access to that great presidential cash cow , the memoir , though . Mark Twain approached Grant about publishing the war hero 's memoirs with a plum deal that would give Grant 75 percent of the profits as royalties . Cash-strapped Grant had little choice but to accept Twain 's offer , and the Civil War-focused "  Personal Memoirs of Ulysses S. Grant " hit stores in 1885 . Mental Floss : 8 U.S. presidents with statues abroad Grant 's memoirs were an instant runaway hit . Twain 's company made the clever choice of employing former Union soldiers in full uniform as salesmen , and the book became one of the best sellers of the 19th century . Today , the book is considered by many to be the best presidential memoir ever written , but there 's some controversy over who actually did the bulk of the writing . Twain always claimed that he had only made slight edits to Grant 's text , but the prose was so strong that many suspected Twain himself had ghostwritten the book . Sadly , Grant did n't get to see the success of his book ; he died shortly after its completion . But his widow Julia banked over $ 400,000 in royalties from the memoir . Worst financial windfall While today 's presidents are financially set for life from publishing and consulting gigs when they leave the Oval Office , just 57 years ago that was n't the case . When Harry Truman 's term ended in 1953 , he did n't have any savings to speak of , and he felt taking a corporate job would cheapen the presidency . His only income was a $ 112-a-month pension from his days in the Army . Mental Floss : 13 unique presidential gifts Truman decided that the best way to drum up some cash was to sell his memoirs , for which he got a $ 670,000 advance . By the time he paid taxes and his assistants , though , Truman only netted a few grand on the two-volume work . Eventually his financial straits grew so dire that Congress passed the Former Presidents Act in 1958 to guarantee annual pensions of $ 25,000 to former presidents . Best use of revisionist history History has judged James Buchanan pretty harshly ; most scholars rank him among the worst presidents we 've ever had . You know who was a bit more sympathetic in his appraisal of the failed Buchanan administration , though ? James Buchanan . In 1866 Buchanan published the first-ever presidential memoir , the magnificently titled "  Mr. Buchanan 's Administration on the Eve of Rebellion . " Mental Floss : Elvis visits the White House In his book , Buchanan tried to set the record straight about his presidency . By the time Buchanan 's memoir came out , the Civil War had ended and Abraham Lincoln had become a national icon , so Buchanan attempted to liken his own policies to Honest Abe 's . Sure , Buchanan had opposed abolitionists and was considered to be a doughface -- a Northerner with Southern sympathies -- but in his mind , he was just like Lincoln and felt history would someday set the record straight . Unfortunately for Mr. Buchanan , it did n't . Most honest use of a ghostwriter Ronald Reagan was quick with a quip , and he dropped one of his best one-liners at the release of his 1990 memoir "  An American Life . " Publisher Simon & Schuster held a press conference for the release of the book , which Reagan had supposedly penned "  with the editorial assistance of Robert Lindsey . " In truth , it sounds like Lindsey may have received only the slightest assistance from Reagan . The Gipper joked at the press conference , "  I hear it 's a terrific book ! One of these days I 'm going to read it myself . " Mental Floss : See Nancy Reagan and Mr. T celebrate Christmas Worst sales loss at the hands of a spouse Poor Gerald Ford just could n't win any respect . When his memoir "  A Time to Heal : The Autobiography of Gerald R. Ford " came out in 1979 , his wife , Betty , also had a memoir on the stands , "  The Times of My Life . " Betty gave her husband a T-shirt that read "  Bet My Book Outsells Yours " for his birthday . To make the crummy gift even worse , she was right . At least Ford was in good company ; Nancy Reagan 's memoirs also outsold her husband 's . Quickest read Calvin Coolidge earned the nickname "  Silent Cal " for being famously taciturn , and his memoirs were n't uncharacteristically verbose . Coolidge takes the prize for the shortest presidential memoir -- "  The Autobiography of Calvin Coolidge " comes in at a tight-lipped 247 pages . Biggest advance Bill Clinton got an astounding $ 15 million advance from Knopf for his 900-page behemoth of a memoir "  My Life . " When Clinton signed the deal , publishing analysts figured the book would have to sell upwards of 800,000 hardcover copies just to break even , but Knopf aggressively ordered a presidential-record-breaking first run of 1.5 million copies . Mental Floss : Where are they now ? Famous photo edition To give you a sense of perspective , Richard Nixon 's memoirs sold 330,000 and were considered a huge hit ; to justify this advance , Bubba was going to have to really move some books . But as of 2008 , Clinton had not just surpassed that monstrous advance ; he had pocketed nearly $ 30 million from sales of "  My Life " and his follow-up , "  Giving : How Each of Us Can Change the World . " Hilary was n't doing so badly for herself in the publishing game , either . Her book "  Living History " made her more than $ 10 million . Longest takedown of FDR Like Buchanan , Herbert Hoover does n't get much love from historians , but he certainly stood up for himself . After leaving office in 1933 after what 's generally agreed was a fairly disastrous stint , Hoover needed 18 years to crank out the first tome of his mammoth three-volume memoir . His main goal ? Explaining why his presidency was n't really a failure and bashing the policies of his successor , Franklin Roosevelt . Mental Floss : Oh , the places your ashes will go ! Among Hoover 's most memorable smears of FDR : "  The effort to crossbreed some features of Fascism and Socialism with our American free system speedily developed in the Roosevelt administration . " Take that , New Deal ! For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	"  A Journey , " Tony Blair 's memoir , is causing protesting around the UK The memoirs of Betty Ford and Nancy Reagan outsold those of their husbands Many suspect that the "  Personal Memoirs of Ulysses S. Grant " was written by Mark Twain
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A judge has ordered the children of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. to meet in their capacity as the sole shareholders of the corporation that manages their iconic father 's estate . Dexter King has denied taking "  substantial funds " from his parents ' estates . King 's children were in Fulton County , Georgia , Superior Court Monday in a dispute over their parents ' estates . Two children of the civil rights icon are suing their brother , accusing him of wrongfully taking money from their parents ' estates . The Rev. Bernice King and Martin Luther King III allege Dexter King took "  substantial funds " out of Coretta Scott King 's estate and "  wrongfully appropriated " money from their father 's estate . Dexter King has publicly denied the accusations . It was unclear what outcome having a shareholder meeting for the Estate of Martin Luther King Jr. , Inc. would have on the dispute . The three siblings have not held such a meeting since 2004 , corporation attorney Luke Lantta said . The removal of Dexter King as the estate 's administrator is unlikely because that would require a meeting of the board of directors . Judge Ural Glanville on Monday also ruled in favor of dismissing some of the allegations against Dexter King , but left the question of whether he failed to act in the best interest of his father 's incorporated estate to a jury . A trial on the allegation of breach of fiduciary duty could happen as early as next month . The lawsuit reveals a very public fissure in an iconic family that has always professed unity , particularly as questions have swirled around some of their financial dealings . Martin Luther King III and Bernice King were in the courtroom Monday , but Dexter King was not . He had been injured in an accident in California and did not make the trip to Georgia . Dexter King had filed a counter claim against his sister , asking the court to force her to hand over to the corporation some items that belonged to Martin Luther King Jr. . In a special hearing Monday , the court ruled that the items , including Martin Luther King Jr. 's Nobel Peace Prize and his love letters to Coretta Scott King will be turned over to the court to hold until a resolution is reached . The courtroom was packed with supporters of the King family . Among those in attendance were the Rev. Joseph Lowery and former Ambassador Andrew Young , friends of Martin Luther King Jr. who worked with him during the civil rights movement . CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Two of King 's children accuse third of wrongfully taking money from estates Dexter King has denied claims by Bernice King , Martin Luther King III Civil rights icons at courthouse to support family
CNN  -- Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi tied the knot Saturday with longtime beau Jionni LaValle in a celebration in New Jersey inspired by the "  Great Gatsby . " The reality TV star from the show "  Jersey Shore " stuck to the theme in a demure wedding dress that was a far cry from the brash animal prints and plunging necklines for which she is known . In a photo posted on her website , she wore an opulent beaded lace dress and a floor-length veil over her bright red hair . She also posted a shot of the couple 's first matrimonial kiss . "  Here is the first picture of me and Jionni as husband and wife ! " she commented . She promised there would be more to come . Polizzi and LaValle have two children together . Lorenzo was born in August 2012 and Giovanna arrived in September . Polizzi 's fans have been following preparations for the nuptials on MTV 's "  Snooki & JWOWW . " She appears on the show with former "  Jersey Store " cast member Jenni "  JWOWW " Farley .	NEW : Snooki promises fans she will post more about her wedding Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi and Jionni LaValle wed in New Jersey The couple has two children together The former "  Jersey Shore " cast member shared a photo of her wedding dress
Watch the full interview with Simon Cowell on Tuesday night . "  Piers Morgan Tonight " airs weeknights on CNN/US at 9 p.m. ET and on CNN International at 0200 GMT  live simulcast  , 1200 GMT and 2000 GMT / HKT 1900 . CNN -- Simon Cowell , gearing up for Wednesday 's premiere of "  The X Factor " on Fox , told CNN 's Piers Morgan , "  It is the biggest moment in my career . " The creator , executive producer , and judge on the new vocal competition series is a guest on Tuesday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Morgan asked Cowell how the American version of "  X Factor " differs from the UK version , which has dominated British television for eight seasons . "  It has its own personality , " said Cowell . "  When I watched it back at this screening we did , I got a real buzz . " Cowell , who also created "  America 's Got Talent " -- for which Morgan serves as a judge -- told Morgan that the talent on "  X Factor " is "  crazily good . " Cowell cautioned , however , that "  there 's a long way to go . And I 've seen people who start off great and then for whatever reason , if you put them on the live show , they 're horrendous . ... But so far , I 'm happy . " When he left "  American Idol " in 2010 after nine seasons as a judge , Cowell also walked away from over $ 100 million he could have been paid for staying put . He also invested a great deal of his own money into "  X Factor . " In addition , the "  X Factor " prize money is an unprecedented $ 5 million recording contract . "  There 's a lot at stake here , is n't there , for you ? " asked Morgan . "  You do n't go into anything contemplating failure , " said Cowell , "  because if you did , you would n't make it . If it did n't work out well , I would be really , really upset , disappointed , because I believe in it . I believe in the show , I 've done the show for a long time , I do think it 's the best one . I actually do . And when it works , it 's fantastic . But you have to be a big boy about these things , you know ? And you 've got to take risks . And part of what I 've loved about doing this is the risk I 've taken . " Cowell told Morgan that put his "  heart and soul " into "  X Factor , " and pointed out some of the program 's other distinguishing characteristics . "  I like the fact that there is n't an age limit , " said Cowell . "  You 're going to see a very different type of contestant . " Cowell told Morgan that when the rules for "  X Factor " were created , they made the minimum audition age 12 and set no upper age limit whatsoever . "  Or you could be in a group , " Cowell pointed out . "  We also kind of said it has to reflect what is happening in the music business , this show . And in the music business , a lot of people who are having hit records , they 've gone through similar issues . They 've had drug problems , alcohol problems , home problems -- you name it , they 've had them . "  And they 've normally used this to sort themselves out . And so I absolutely felt the same way . I did n't want to start putting too many rules on it . It was all about talent . Somebody wants to make their life better , they own up to what they did ; I do n't have an issue with that . And I had no qualms showing it . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Simon Cowell left "  American Idol " in 2010 after nine seasons His new show , the U.S. version of "  The X Factor , " debuts Wednesday on Fox Cowell says he put his "  heart and soul " into "  X Factor , " calls talent "  crazily good " "  X Factor " contestants have no upper age limit ; winner gets $ 5 million record deal
CNN  -- A Somali man was sentenced Thursday to 25 years in prison for armed piracy in an attack on a Danish merchant ship that began in 2008 and lasted for 71 days . Jama Idle Ibrahim , aka Jaamac Ciidle , and other pirates held the vessel , the M/V CEC Future , from November 7 , 2008 , until January 16 , 2009 in the Gulf of Aden . The U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia gave Ibrahim the maximum penalty of five years in prison for the piracy conspiracy charge and the maximum penalty of 20 years for the firearm conspiracy charge . The 39-year-old Somali pleaded guilty last year . This is the first conviction in the District of Columbia for a piracy-related offense . According to the Justice Department , the pirates approached the ship in high-speed boats , firing their weapons . They held the ship , cargo and 13 crew members for ransom and forced the crew to anchor in waters off the Somalia coast . During the takeover , additional pirates boarded . They threatened the crew , controlled their movements and stole money , food and supplies . The M/V CEC Future was released after the ship 's owner , the Clipper Group , paid a $ 1.7 million ransom . "  Modern-day pirates are nothing like the swashbuckling heroes in Hollywood movies , " said U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen in a statement . "  Today 's pirates are ruthless criminals who hold ships and their crews hostage with AK-47s and rocket-propelled grenades . " In November 2010 , Ibrahim was sentenced to 30 years in prison in the Eastern District of Virginia following a guilty plea to charges stemming from an April 10 , 2010 , pirate attack on a U.S. Navy vessel , the USS Ashland , in the Gulf of Aden . The sentence from the District of Columbia is to run concurrently with the sentence from Virginia .	D.C. court rules in 2008 case that involved a Danish vessel Man and rest of crew held ship for 71 days
CNN  -- What if we could use solar energy when the sun has set , or wind energy when the air is calm ? Donald Sadoway is working on a way to make that happen . The professor of materials chemistry at MIT is leading an effort to develop a new kind of battery -- a "  liquid metal battery " -- that would enable the economical storage of energy from solar , wind and other sources so that it could be used when homes and businesses need it . Sadoway 's work landed him on TIME 's list of the world 's 100 most influential people this year and last month he was a guest on the Colbert Report . In March , he described his project in an interview with CNN after giving a talk at the TED conference in Long Beach , California . "  We need to have reliable sources of electricity . And wind and solar in harmony with a battery become reliable 24/7 , " Sadoway said . Watch Donald Sadoway 's TED Talk Describing his group 's work at MIT , he said , "  We think it 's a breakthrough because it addresses all of the uniquely demanding performance requirements of the grid , namely uncommonly high power , long service lifetime , but in addition , meeting the superlow price point of this application . TED.com : Using nature to grow batteries Sadoway explained the importance of the liquid metal battery in his TED Talk this way : "  The electricity powering the lights in this theater was generated just moments ago . Because the way things stand today , electricity demand must be in constant balance with electricity supply . If in the time that it took me to walk out here on this stage , some tens of megawatts of wind power stopped pouring into the grid , the difference would have to be made up from other generators immediately . But coal plants , nuclear plants ca n't respond fast enough . A giant battery could . "  With a giant battery , we 'd be able to address the problem of intermittency that prevents wind and solar from contributing to the grid in the same way that coal , gas and nuclear do today . "  You see , the battery is the key enabling device here . With it , we could draw electricity from the sun even when the sun does n't shine . And that changes everything . Because then renewables such as wind and solar come out from the wings , here to center stage . " TED.com : Using biology to rethink the energy challenge Inspired by the technique developed in the 19th century to produce aluminum at very low cost , Sadoway came up with the idea of using such commonly available materials as magnesium and antimony to create the battery . He co-founded a company , Ambri , to commercialize the technology . In an e-mail interview this month , Sadoway answered some questions about his work : CNN : What makes the liquid metal battery  or LMB  better than other energy storage devices we have now ? Sadoway : LMB is designed to the price point of today 's electricity markets . This means it 's made of earth-abundant elements and is designed to be easy to manufacture . CNN : How would this battery change our society , economically and politically ? Sadoway : LMB would make today 's grid more robust  less vulnerable to power failure  , reduce price volatility , and make better use of existing generating assets  allowing us to install capacity to meet average demand instead of peak demand  . LMB will also allow us to fully use intermittent renewables such as wind and solar . CNN : What are the dimensions of the battery and how much electricity can it store ? And do you expect future generations of the technology to be smaller or to store more power ? Sadoway : We are exploring various cell sizes at the moment to determine which will be most economical to manufacture . The battery  which consists of many cells  will be tailored to specific applications . For example , one variant will be the size of a 40-foot shipping container and hold 2 MWh , enough electricity to meet the daily needs of 200 American households . CNN : What stage is your research at now ? Is the product commercially viable ? Sadoway : Research on campus at MIT proceeds with the search for new chemistries , i.e. , new alloys for the electrodes and new salt mixtures for the electrolyte . At Ambri the focus is on design , construction and testing of a first commercial prototype ready for early 2014 . CNN : Who would market it and when do you think it would be on the market ? Sadoway : With our first commercial prototypes delivered in 2014 , we expect to ramp with partners very rapidly to widespread production and adoption across the globe . CNN : How much would a battery of this type cost ? Sadoway : Ambri is aiming to deliver electricity storage without subsidies . We are focused on delivering value equal to or greater than existing alternatives such as peaking power plants as well as building out transmission lines . CNN : Who would buy it ? Sadoway : We expect that over time we 'll see interest in LMB technology from utilities and conventional as well as renewable project developers . Ultimately , this may extend to also include electricity consumers from large industrials to individual residences . At TED , Sadoway got enthusiastic applause when he told the audience : "  If we 're going to get this country out of its current energy situation , we ca n't just conserve our way out ; we ca n't just drill our way out ; we ca n't bomb our way out . We 're going to do it the old-fashioned American way , we 're going to invent our way out , working together . "	Solar , wind energy ca n't provide reliable 24/7 power without a way to store it Donald Sadoway at MIT is working on a battery that would enable low-cost , mass storage He says if power could be stored , the energy business would be changed forever Sadoway : Answer to our energy issues is n't only conservation or drilling , it 's innovation
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- In his first public appearance since the "  Beer Summit " at the White House , Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates joked about his controversial arrest last month in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and said he likes police Sgt. James Crowley . Sgt. James Crowley and professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. sit for beers with the president and vice president Thursday . "  I offered to get his kids into Harvard if he does n't arrest me anymore , " Gates said . Gates was speaking Sunday at the Martha 's Vineyard Book Festival where he signed copies of his book , "  In Search of our Roots . " The professor said he plans on meeting with Crowley again . "  I offered for the two of us to have lunch together , one-on-one , or go to a Red Sox game , or a Celtics games , or maybe the families can get together for dinner . Why not ? " Gates had a face-to-face meeting and a beer with Crowley at the White House last week , a move orchestrated by President Obama in an attempt to defuse racial tensions that had erupted following Gates ' arrest . Gates called the president 's gesture "  brilliant . " Crowley arrested Gates on July 16 when the officer responded to a call of a possible home break-in at the Cambridge residence . Gates was charged with disorderly conduct for allegedly yelling at the officer and protesting his actions . But Gates , who is black , claimed he never raised his voice and accused Crowley of racial profiling . Charges against the professor were later dropped . The tone at the book fair turned more serious when someone asked Gates how the arrest has affected him . "  I 'm still trying to figure that out and processing it . It was stressful . I was worried about my daughters . " Fortunately , he said , the press was not camped out at his family home like they were at the Cambridge residence , which is owned by the university . He admitted to receiving bomb threats and deaths threats and said the university is encouraging him to move . "  I have n't been back to the Cambridge house since I got arrested so I have to make that decision . " He also said he has had to change his phone numbers and close his public e-mail account . "  I received thousands of fan letters but some of the e-mails were from crazy wacko people who wrote ` You should die , ' ` You 're a racist , ' " Still , Gates said he does n't want to exaggerate the trauma of the arrest . "  A lot of people go through far worse . I was in jail for four hours , not four years or four months or four days , " he said . "  The night before I went to the White House , I had a dream that I got arrested in the White House , " he said . Then he joked , "  But it 's cool ; I was OK . "	Professor on officer who arrested him : We could lunch or go to a Sox game The lighthearted comments came after Gates and officer met at White House Arrest of Harvard professor sparked discussion on race
Health.com  -- A drug widely used to treat mild Alzheimer 's disease appears to provide no benefit to this group of early stage patients , according to a new analysis of previously conducted research . Memantine , also known by its brand name , Namenda , is approved by the Food and Drug Administration only for moderate-to-severe cases of Alzheimer 's , although doctors often prescribe it "  off-label " for milder cases of the disease . "  We conclude that there is a lack of efficacy in mild Alzheimer 's , " says the lead researcher , Lon Schneider , M.D. , a professor of psychiatry , neurology , and gerontology at the University of Southern California , in Los Angeles . "  We think physicians , patients , and caregivers should simply know this . " Pairing memantine with a cholinesterase inhibitor , a type of drug that prevents the breakdown of neurotransmitters involved in memory , has become a standard treatment for mild Alzheimer 's disease , but this study "  clearly flies in the face " of that approach , says William Thies , Ph.D. , the chief medical and scientific officer of the Alzheimer 's Association , a research and advocacy organization based in Chicago . Health.com : 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease People with mild Alzheimer 's have impaired short - and long-term memory and typically experience difficulty with tasks such as paying bills , according to the Alzheimer 's Association . Those with moderate disease may have trouble remembering their address or phone number and can become confused about the day of the week or their whereabouts . In 2003 , the FDA approved memantine for moderate-to-severe Alzheimer 's disease , but two years later the agency rejected an application from the manufacturer , Forest Laboratories , to expand the approval to mild Alzheimer 's . The drug has nevertheless remained popular for that purpose . Nearly one-fifth of all people with mild Alzheimer 's received the drug in 2006 , and the rates may be far higher in some hospitals and practices , according to the study , which appears in the journal Archives of Neurology . Many neurologists -- 40 percent , by one estimate -- even prescribe the drug for mild cognitive impairment , a condition that may or may not progress to full-blown dementia . Health.com : 9 foods that may help save your memory Schneider and his colleagues reanalyzed data from three clinical trials that included 431 patients with mild Alzheimer 's disease and 697 with moderate Alzheimer 's . The trials were originally sponsored by Forest , but the new analysis was funded by grants from the National Institutes of Health and other non-industry sources .  Schneider has served as a consultant for Forest . Patients with mild Alzheimer 's who took memantine showed no improvement in mental function and their ability to handle everyday tasks  such as bathing and dressing  compared with those who took placebo , either within any one trial or when all of the data were combined . The drug did appear to be slightly more effective for moderate Alzheimer 's . Patients taking memantine continued to experience mental decline while on the drug , but less so than patients taking a placebo . Even in this group , however , the evidence for memantine 's effectiveness was "  meager , " the researchers concluded . Health.com : Half of Alzheimer 's cases misdiagnosed "  None of the studies individually showed an effect , " Schneider says . "  It was only when all three studies were added up together that we could see an effect on some outcomes , and -LSB- it was -RSB- very small . " The findings do n't mean that memantine is ineffective for all patients , Thies says . "  There 's a great deal of variation from patient to patient , so whatever you see in a clinical trial is just the average of whatever that is , " he says . Some people may experience "  a robust benefit " from the combination of memantine and a cholinesterase inhibitor , he adds , while "  some get none at all . " There is no cure for Alzheimer 's . Medications sometimes help with symptoms but ca n't actually reverse the course of the disease , which may be why doctors are willing to prescribe drugs even when their effectiveness is unproven , Schneider says . Health.com : Alzheimer 's disease -- should I take medicines ? Patients with mild Alzheimer 's disease who are already taking a cholinesterase inhibitor often ask , "  Is n't there more that can be done ? " Schneider explains . "  Memantine is one other thing that can be done . Part of it is hopefulness . The drug may not be indicated for mild Alzheimer 's , but what 's the cost ? " Memantine has very few side effects , he adds , but Alzheimer 's is devastating . Gary Kennedy , M.D. , the director of geriatric psychiatry at Montefiore Medical Center , in New York City , says that while the new study will "  make people more appropriately cautious , " it is n't likely to change doctors ' prescribing practices . Copyright Health Magazine 2010	Drug widely used to treat mild Alzheimer 's disease appears to provide no benefit Memantine , or Namenda , officially approved for only moderate-to-severe disease Nearly one-fifth of all people with mild Alzheimer 's received the drug in 2006
CNN  -- On June 15 , President Barack Obama described the Gulf oil spill in a prime-time address as "  the worst environmental disaster America has ever faced . " A government report released last week , however , said almost 75 percent of the oil that gushed from BP 's ruptured well into the Gulf of Mexico has been collected , dispersed or evaporated . The rest remains on or just below the surface of the water in the form of a light sheen or weathered tar balls . Much of the remaining oil is "  being degraded and cleaned up on the shore , " said Jane Lubchenco , head of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . "  Many of the doomsday scenarios that were talked about and repeated a lot have not and will not come to fruition , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs has said . So was the oil spill really "  the worst environmental disaster " in U.S. history ? Disasters are hard to rank and tricky to compare , historians say , but they cite several calamities that rival or surpass the Gulf oil spill in terms of lives lost or affected . In 1889 , for example , a poorly maintained dam collapsed , sending a wall of water crashing through Johnstown , Pennsylvania . The flood killed over 2,200 people and destroyed 1,600 homes . Historians also cite what happened in blue-collar community of Love Canal , New York , which was built atop more than 20,000 tons of chemical waste and linked to high rates of cancer and birth defects . Hundreds of families were ultimately forced to flee . In terms of permanently disrupting a way of life for the largest number of Americans , historians say , nothing compares to the 1930s Dust Bowl , a slow-motion disaster sparked by years of shortsighted farming practices and serious drought . Native grasses across the country 's heartland were torn up , leaving little to hold the topsoil in place . When the winds kicked up , dust storms turning the sky black could be seen as far away as New York City . About 2.5 million people fled the Dust Bowl in one of the largest migrations in U.S. history . Families abandoned countless farms . That devastated the region 's agriculture economy . "  The entire way of life of the Great Plains moved away from agriculture for a time , " said Brian Black , an environmental historian at Penn State . Historians do not dispute the enormity of the damage caused by the Gulf oil spill , which killed 11 people , bruised local and regional economies and caused damage that may not be apparent for years . It was "  plainly the greatest oil spill disaster " in American history , according to Wesley Warren , director of programs for the Natural Resources Defense Council , a progressive advocacy group . Black agreed . Nearly 206 million gallons of oil gushed into the Gulf of Mexico after an explosion sank BP 's Deepwater Horizon drilling rig in April , compared with 11 million gallons of crude that seeped from the Exxon Valdez into Alaska 's Prince William Sound in 1989 . The Valdez spill was devastating , Black said . The local ecosystem and fishing communities never fully recovered . Yet "  the use of dispersants , the formation of plumes deep under water , and the unique ecology of the Gulf each make  the BP  spill more disastrous , " he said . The Gulf oil disaster ranks as the largest recorded maritime oil spill in U.S. history -- and the largest accidental oil spill into water in world history , topped only by Iraq 's intentional release of 240 million gallons of oil into the Persian Gulf during the Gulf War . In 1910 and 1911 , though , more oil spilled onto land in California as a result of the Lakeview Gusher , the consequence of a 1910 well explosion in California 's Central Valley . Nearly 380 million gallons are believed to have spilled over nearly a year and a half . That spill , though , directly affected relatively few people and had "  a less complicated ecological impact , " Black said . So how does the Gulf oil spill compare with the infamous 1889 Johnstown Flood , an event memorialized in American songs and books ? The collapse of South Fork Dam sent about 20 million tons of water toward the Pennsylvania steel town , built on a flood plain between two rivers . It 's tough to compare Johnstown 's broken dam with the Gulf 's broken oil well , but they 're similar in the sense that they 're both at least partly the product of a similar sense of ethics -- or lack thereof , Black said . The 19th century robber barons behind the dam -- Andrew Carnegie and Henry Clay Frick -- ignored and did not properly maintain the dam , he said . BP stands similarly accused of placing safety concerns behind financial considerations , an assertion the company has denied . "  That 's a very good illustration of the ethics that predominated then and now , " Black argued . "  At times , big oil 's ethical culture is not too different from Carnegie 's and Frick 's , and it 's allowed to exist that way because we depend so much on big oil . " Of course , the long-term impact of the Gulf spill is still unknown . Local residents can be optimistic because oil is a naturally occurring substance , Black said . That means the region eventually will recover , though recovery may come too late for many businesses . One neighborhood that may never wholly recover : Love Canal -- now a synonym for environmental disaster in the United States . Purchased from the Hooker Chemical Company for $ 1 in 1953 , the community 's contaminated land was linked to unusually high cancer and birth defect rates , among other things . The federal government declared an emergency in the late 1970s as hundreds of families were forced to evacuate . The incident led to the passage of the Superfund Act , designed to make polluters cover the costs of cleaning up contaminated areas . Though the EPA declared Love Canal clean in 2004 , skepticism about its safety has lingered . Fewer people may have been affected by Love Canal than by the Gulf spill , but petroleum is "  not quite as corruptive as the toxins were at Love Canal , " Black said ; chemicals and radioactive materials can pose a potentially greater long term risk . The bottom line : it 's tough to rank environmental calamities . "  We ca n't appreciate the magnitude of  some disasters  until their results and implications have had time to play out , " Black said . "  Grand statements " such as Obama 's "  miss a very important point : This very bad situation resulted from doing business as usual in the petroleum industry . Such events could occur any time the industry pursues such deep water wells as long as regulation is lax . " Warren agreed . "  Once something crosses a threshold of being a disaster , then it 's the worst one of that type in its own way , " he said . "  The lesson should always be how can we prevent it from happening again . "	Obama declared the Gulf oil America 's "  worst environmental disaster " Several calamities may rival or surpass the Gulf spill in certain respects , analysts say 2.5 million people were displaced by the Dust Bowl ; over 2,200 were killed at Johnstown It may be impossible to rank environmental catastrophes , according to experts
CNN  -- A haunting image by American photographer John Stanmeyer of African migrants in Djibouti has won the prestigious World Press Photo of the Year 2013 award . The image "  shows African migrants on the shore of Djibouti city at night , raising their phones in an attempt to capture an inexpensive signal from neighboring Somalia -- a tenuous link to relatives abroad , " the World Press Photo foundation said . The migrants ' phone screens glow against the blue-toned night sky as they raise them toward a bright full moon . Djibouti , in the Horn of Africa , is a common stop for migrants in transit from such countries as Somalia , Ethiopia and Eritrea seeking a better life in Europe and the Middle East , the foundation said . Jury member Jillian Edelstein , a South African-born but UK-based photographer , said , "  It 's a photo that is connected to so many other stories -- it opens up discussions about technology , globalization , migration , poverty , desperation , alienation , humanity . "  It 's a very sophisticated , powerfully nuanced image . It is so subtly done , so poetic , yet instilled with meaning , conveying issues of great gravity and concern in the world today . " U.S. jury member David Guttenfelder said : "  The photo is like a message in a bottle , it is one that will last for all of us . People will bring their own life experiences to it as they stand in front of it . " The photo , which was shot for National Geographic magazine , also won the contemporary issues category at the annual World Press Photo contest . Stanmeyer stands to win 11,500 euros in total  $ 15,750 . The winners in all eight categories , as well as the overall award , were announced in the Netherlands on Friday . First prize in the general news category was claimed by Italian photographer Alessandro Penso , with a photograph of an emergency refugee center in an abandoned school in Sofia , Bulgaria , that is housing about 800 Syrian refugees . French photographer Philippe Lopez won the spot news category with a striking image of survivors of Typhoon Haiyan taking part in a religious procession . American photographer John Tlumacki , a longtime staff photographer for the Boston Globe , won second prize in that category for his image of the devastation on Boylston Street in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombing . The competition is the leading world contest for professional press and documentary photographers .	American photographer John Stanmeyer wins the World Press Photo of the Year 2013 His image shows African migrants in Djibouti as they seek a phone signal "  The photo is like a message in a bottle , it is one that will last for all of us , " jury member says U.S. photographer John Tlumacki recognized for Boston Marathon bombing image
CNN  -- A man who wrote a controversial book considered a "  how-to " guide for pedophiles was booked into a Florida jail Tuesday after defending his book to reporters . Phillip Greaves , who was arrested Monday in Colorado , said "  The Pedophile 's Guide to Love and Pleasure : A Child-Lover 's Code of Conduct " can be used as a guide to rehabilitating pedophiles , and -- instead of teaching them how to avoid arrest -- teaches them to avoid illegal actions . Asked if he is a pedophile , Greaves said , "  I only have sex with grown-ups . " He said he has no children and "  I do n't keep children around my house . " Polk County , Florida , Sheriff Grady Judd has said his detectives were able to establish jurisdiction in the case by conducting an undercover operation , buying the book through the mail . Greaves protested Tuesday he is the target of entrapment , but Judd disagreed . "  He wrote this book , he published this book , he put it on Amazon to sell , " Judd told reporters as Greaves was booked into the Polk County Jail , "  and he freely responded to our desire to purchase it . " Greaves and his book gained national attention this year after Amazon.com defended selling the book despite angry comments and threats of boycotts . The book was removed from the website in November . Officials said the book talks about safe sex and avoiding injury to children , grooming and preparing children for sex and teaching children how to lie to their parents . Judd said Greaves ' book outlines a "  code of ethics " that shows pedophiles how to look for the most vulnerable children . Greaves told reporters Tuesday he wrote the book to exorcise his own childhood . He said he was introduced to sex at age 7 by a 10-year-old friend and began having sex with other children . It continued , he said , until he was about 15 when he stopped and did not have sex again for years . "  Once I got into adolescence , I suppose you could have identified me as an adolescent pedophile , " he said . But now , he said , he is an example of the fact that people can reform . "  I think all speech should be protected , " Greaves said . But "  I was not the one who solicited the material to be sent to Florida . I think Florida law is for Floridians and Colorado law is for Coloradoans . " He told reporters he will not be able to make bond : "  I 'm actually quite poor . " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said on CNN 's "  360 ° " on Monday night that prosecutors may have a hard time convicting Greaves and maintained his arrest was unconstitutional . "  I do n't think they can go forward because the book is clearly protected by the First Amendment , " Toobin said . "  This book , as awful as it is , it is only words . " Judd vehemently disagreed with Toobin 's assessment of the case . "  This has nothing to do with free speech and everything to do with obscenity , " Judd said . "  We had a law in Florida that applied . We only needed jurisdiction . " He said the book violates Florida law . "  There 's too much hand-wringing across the nation . When we ca n't stand together as a nation and say you ca n't write a book with real stories of children being sexually abused , then it 's time to change the law . " Judd said of Greaves : "  Clearly , in our opinion , he 's a pedophile . ... The guy is clearly trying to instruct people how to sexually abuse children , a step-by-step instruction guide with real-life examples . That 's against the obscenity law in Florida , and we 're excited to take it to court . " Referring to Toobin 's comments about the book being just words , he said , "  Words become actions , and words in and of themselves can get you in trouble . If you threaten the president , you 're in trouble . ... There are limits to what you can do . " He said prosecutors and a circuit judge signed off on the arrest . Toobin pointed to a similar case that went to the Supreme Court in 2002 in which cartoons depicting children in acts similar to ones in Greaves ' book were deemed protected by the Constitution . "  Certainly the sheriff and I disagree about the constitutional issue , but I agree with him that the issue of child pornography is a very serious one , and I 'm certainly glad that law enforcement is taking an active stand against it , " Toobin said .	NEW : Phillip Greaves defends his book to reporters NEW : He is booked into jail in Florida NEW : Greaves says he wrote the book to "  exorcise " his childhood NEW : Sheriff says Greaves ' arrest was not entrapment
CNN  -- The headquarters of Mexico 's state oil was evacuated Tuesday night -- but it turned out to be a false alarm , the company said . The Pemex Tower in Mexico City was cleared after an unspecified threat , Pemex said on its Twitter feed . A short time later , the company tweeted , "  It was a false alarm . " In February , a deadly explosion at Pemex headquarters killed at least 37 people . Officials said it was caused by a buildup of gas in the basement . Pemex is Mexico 's powerful and much-criticized state oil monopoly . Thousands of people work at the company 's headquarters , which includes a 54-story building . The annex where the February explosion happened is adjacent to the tower .	Pemex is Mexico 's powerful and much-criticized state oil monopoly . An explosion at Pemex headquarters in February killed 37 people Thousands of people work at the company 's headquarters
CNN  -- "  By blood , I am Albanian . By citizenship , an Indian . By faith , I am a Catholic nun . As to my calling , I belong to the world . " Mother Teresa , pictured in 1997 , lived and worked in Kolkata from 1931 until her death . That 's how Mother Teresa chose to describe herself in life . In death , however , her words will probably do little to settle a diplomatic squabble over her remains . The Albanian government wants to receive her remains before her 100th birthday next year . Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha said his nation plans to open a museum in Mother Teresa 's honor and has planned commemorative events . But more important , Berisha said , Mother Teresa should rest next to her mother and sister , who are buried in a cemetery in the Albanian capital , Tirana . "  She missed them very much all her life , " he said . "  My request is a very human one . "  She told me that she prayed every day for her family and her country . That 's why I think both governments should talk about -LSB- this -RSB- and find a solution , " Berisha said . Then there is Macedonia , the nation where Mother Teresa was born and raised . It , too , may stake a claim on the woman who is well on a path to sainthood . But India , the land where she made her life 's work , has made it clear that Mother Teresa , buried in the heart of Kolkata  formerly known as Calcutta  , will not be leaving her final resting place . "  Mother Teresa was a citizen of India , " said Vishnu Prakash , spokesman for the country 's external affairs ministry . Though she arrived as a foreigner , Mother Teresa came to be cherished in her adopted home . In billboards and booklets , the city of Kolkata proudly claims her as one of its most famous citizens . She was a devout Catholic who transcended religion , inspiring a nation of millions of poor people , mostly Hindus and Muslims . She is buried in the courtyard at the nondescript Missionaries of Charity compound in central Kolkata , a site visited by residents and tourists alike . People stream in from the bustling streets to the serenity of Mother House to pay their respects -- and find strength in her presence . They wander among her order of nuns in their simple blue-bordered white cotton saris . On the second floor is the small and sparse room that belonged to Mother Teresa . "  She has become part and parcel of our national life , " said Father Babu Joseph , spokesman for the Catholic Bishops ' Conference of India . "  She built a strong bond with India , " he said . "  People of all religious groups here rather consider her an inalienable part -LSB- of India -RSB- and therefore we would strongly want the remains to be in India . " Mother Teresa was born as Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu to ethnic Albanian parents in Skopje , Macedonia , on August 26 , 1910 . At 18 , she left home and joined the Sisters of Loreto , arriving in India in 1931 . Moved by staggering poverty and human suffering , she started the Missionaries of Charity , dedicating her life to helping those in need . She became a fixture on the streets of Kolkata , often picking up the sick and hungry , and giving them food , shelter and love . When she accepted her Nobel Peace Prize in 1979 , she asked that the gala dinner be canceled and the money be sent instead to help Kolkata 's destitute . Mother Teresa was 87 when she died in 1997 , the news eclipsed by Princess Diana 's death several days earlier . Pope John Paul II beatified Mother Teresa in 2003 and she could be canonized by her centennial birthday next year -- a saint in the heavens whose resting place on Earth remains a devilish debate .	Mother Teresa lived , worked mostly in Kolkata but was ethnically Albanian Albania wants her body repatriated in time for 100th anniversary of birth in 2010 Mother Teresa currently buried in Missionaries of Charity compound in Kolkata Mother Teresa , who died in 1997 , beatified in 2003 ; could be canonized next year
Tribune Media Services  -- Wearing a green T-shirt under a blue work shirt , I 'm about to depart for Europe . At my farewell breakfast -- one last eggs-any-style -- my stylish , college-aged daughter says to me , "  You look like a scrub . OK if you 're painting a house . " Slim down your suitcase by doing laundry in your room every few days . Scrub or not , my bag is light . As compartmentalized as a TV dinner , it includes a folding board with four shirts and an extra pair of pants ; bags for small garments , such as underwear and five pairs of socks  wear for two days , wash every 10 days  ; a tiny toiletries kit ; electronics  iPod , cell phone , camera , laptop , flash drive , chargers , adapters , and batteries  ; and that miscellaneous bag filled with security-blanket extras I probably wo n't need  spot remover , sewing kit , extra glasses , and so on  . I also throw in a sweater , light jacket , and day bag . All my shoes are on my feet . That 's it . Even when traveling in winter , I pack just about as light . I wear heavier , warmer , high-top , waterproof shoes . I add a warm coat , long johns  quick-drying Capilene or super-light silk  , scarf , gloves , hat , and an extra pair of socks and underwear since things dry more slowly . I layer my clothing for warmth , knowing I 'll be outside in the cold for hours at a time . Do n't pack for the worst-case scenario . For a spring or fall trip , risk shivering for a day rather than taking a heavy coat  or buy a sweater in Europe for a useful , fun souvenir to layer under your jacket  . Whatever time of year you go , minimize the amount of clothing you pack , choose dark clothes that dry quickly , and plan to spend 10 minutes every few nights doing some wash . I bring my luggage onboard , by limiting my load to 20 pounds in a carry-on-size bag  a soft 9-by-22-by-14-inch bag will fit in the overhead bins and under most airplane seats  . With some airlines charging a fee to check even one suitcase , bringing just one carry-on bag can save you money and time . Quick , last-minute changes in flight plans become simpler . When I land in London , I 'm on my way downtown while everyone else stares anxiously at the luggage carousel . When I fly home , I 'm the first guy the dog sniffs . If you 're traveling with only a carry-on , remember not to pack liquids  unless in bottles of 3 ounces or less  . Check www.tsa.gov/travelers for the latest on what you can or ca n't bring on the plane . Packing light helps me be mobile in Europe . I use a convertible backpack/suitcase with zip-away shoulder straps , giving me the best of both worlds -- a suitcase when in town and a backpack when I 'm on the move . I live out of this bag for three months each year -- and I absolutely love it . If you prefer to not have a bag on your back , consider a carry-on-sized suitcase with wheels  this is what my wife and daughter travel with  . Base your decision on the strength of your back . Another advantage of packing light is that you 're unlikely to leave something behind in a hotel . Packing up to check out of a room is a kind of ritual for me . Putting on my socks , I wonder if I really need to wear them again , considering my laundry level like checking a battery or a gas tank . I spread out the cover of my bed so nothing gets lost in a big wrinkle , then corral stuff scattered around the room onto the bed before tucking everything into my bag . For a one - or two-night stop , I do n't use the closet or drawers , so they do n't need to be checked . I carefully survey the electrical outlets to be sure I did n't forget some recharging cord . Most importantly , I physically feel my money belt to confirm that my passport -- the only item easy to feel without opening it -- is in there . A money belt is a small , nylon-zippered pouch that fastens around the waist under your pants or skirt . With a money belt , all of your ca n't - lose items  such as your passport , railpass , credit/debit card , and cash  are on you as securely and thoughtlessly as your underpants . Ever thought about that with underpants ? You put them on in the morning , do n't think about them all day long , and every night they 're exactly where you put them . Wearing a money belt , all my essentials are just as securely out of sight and out of mind . It 's luxurious peace of mind . Remember , packing light is n't just about the flight ; it 's about your traveling lifestyle . With only one bag , you 'll feel lean and in control . After you enjoy that sweet mobility and freedom , you 'll never go any other way . Rick Steves  www.ricksteves.com  writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . © 2009 RICK STEVES DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows His TV series , "  Rick Steves ' Europe , " airs on PBS stations Steves ' company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
CNN  -- It did n't come close to matching last year 's record time but supermaxi Wild Oats XI won a record-tying seventh Rolex Sydney to Hobart yacht race on Saturday . Wild Oats XI coasted home in the 628-nautical mile race in two days , six hours and a fraction over seven minutes , which was well off the 2012 mark of one day , 18 hours and 23 minutes . Still , Wild Oats XI managed to equal the record of Morna , which was later called Kurrewa IV . It bagged its seven titles in the 1940s ,1950 s and 1960 . "  This is one of the best wins you could possible have with a lot of new competition and a lot of anxiety , not knowing how we were going to go against each other , " Wild Oats XI 's skipper , Mark Richards , was quoted as saying by the Sydney Morning Herald . Wild Oats XI took control of the race and did n't relinquish its advantage after passing Perpetual LOYAL on Friday . Wild Oats XI 's billionaire owner , wine maker Bob Oatley , added that more victories could be on the way . "  We 've got a great future , more wins , " he told reporters . "  It 's beautiful , it 's wonderfully built . " Perpetual LOYAL finished second , more than three hours behind Wild Oats XI .	Wild Oats XI wins a record-tying seventh Sydney-Hobart yacht race The 100-foot supermaxi finished in two days , six hours , seven minutes and 27 seconds Wild Oats XI equals the record of Morna , which was later called Kurrewa IV It never looked back after passing Perpetual Loyal on Friday afternoon
CNN  -- He is hoping to be one of the stars of the 2014 World Cup , but an injury blow for Luis Suarez has drawn extreme reaction from Uruguay football fans . Suarez is facing a race against time to be fit for the showpiece tournament in Brazil starting next month , and the player whose challenge required the Liverpool star to have knee surgery has been bombarded with death threats . Paul Dummett , who plays for Newcastle United , was sent off for his challenge on Uruguay 's all-time leading scorer on the final day of the English Premier League season earlier this month . Uruguay has been drawn in the same group as England , and some fans took to Twitter to unleash their fury at the 22-year-old , with many posting violent messages on the social media network . One message read : "  Hi Paul Dummett . I hope some day you come here  Uruguay  to have a nice time with friends . We have things for you , like a bullet in the head . " Another tweeted : "  Hey , Paul Dummett . If SuÃ ¡ rez does n't play against England , you 'll never play again . " The English Football Association rescinded Dummett 's suspension following the May 11 incident , and Suarez was able to join up with his national side for a training camp in Montevideo -- but limped out in a warmup on Wednesday and had a minor operation Thursday . The 27-year-old , who has scored 38 goals in 77 international appearances , is likely to be out of action for a fortnight after damaging his meniscus . Oscar Tabarez 's side begins its World Cup campaign on June 15 against Costa Rica before facing England four days later in Sao Paulo , with a final group-stage match against Italy on June 24 . Suarez left the hospital in a wheelchair following the procedure , but Uruguay 's football association insists "  his participation in the World Cup in Brazil has not been ruled out . " "  He had a magnetic resonance which confirmed a partial lesion of the external meniscus , " it said in a statement . "  In terms of relevant clinical history , to point out that he suffered a blow to his left knee during the last game of the Premier League season with Liverpool , which provoked a pain that subsided with rest following the end of the season . " Suarez , one the world 's most potent strikers , enjoyed a successful season with Liverpool , becoming the first player to score 30 league goals for the club since Ian Rush in 1987 . He was named player of the season but his team missed out on a first English title since 1990 , finishing second behind Manchester City despite leading with three matches to play . Suarez helped Uruguay finish third at the 2010 World Cup but was sent off in the quarterfinal against Ghana after deliberately handling the ball on the goal line . Ghana missed the resulting penalty and Uruguay went on to progress to the semifinals . A year later , he helped Uruguay win its 15th Copa America by scoring in the 3-0 win over Paraguay in the final . Suarez has had a controversial career , twice receiving lengthy suspensions for biting opponents while playing for Liverpool and Dutch club Ajax . He was also banned for eight matches after being found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra in October 2011 .	Luis Suarez facing race against time to be fit for 2014 World Cup Uruguay striker underwent minor surgery on knee Thursday Suarez suffered injury during Liverpool 's final-day victory over Newcastle Newcastle 's Paul Dummett receives death threats on Twitter
Marjah , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Authorities raised the Afghan flag over the battle-scarred enclave of Marjah on Thursday , a ceremony symbolizing the presence of the Afghan government in the Taliban stronghold . The red , black and green banner was hoisted over an area where U.S. and other troops have been fighting the Taliban in Operation Moshtarak -- the biggest offensive of the war . A few hundred people watched the event , attended by Helmand Gov. Gulab Mangal , other provincial and local officials , and military officials . "  I think we 're feeling pretty good about the control of the populated areas , the infrastructure , " said Brig. Gen. Larry Nicholson , commander of U.S. Marines in southern Afghanistan . About 15,000 NATO-led and Afghan forces hope to oust the Taliban and restore Afghan government control to the region in the southern Afghan province of Helmand . They are working to persuade citizens to turn their allegiance away from the militants and toward the Afghan government . More Afghanistan coverage on Afghanistan Crossroads blog Viewing the ceremony with hope , curiosity and skepticism , one local in the crowd said he does n't trust the Afghan government or its security forces . Asked if he thought change will come , Abdul Qader accused the Afghan government of corruption . "  If the foreigners do it , things will change . If the Afghans are in charge , there is no way . " Another citizen , Mohammad Sardar , said the Taliban brought the people security , but not proper services such as schools and roads . He said that while he still fears foreign forces , he hopes they can bring about change . Qader said the foreigners wo n't be able to get rid of the Taliban completely , but the militants "  will put their heads down and fade away on the condition that help is brought , roads are built and security is achieved . " The event took place as NATO 's International Security Assistance Force reported trends that show security is improving and signs of stability are emerging in the region . The offensive has been under way for 13 days and is expected to continue for at least another two to three weeks . Nicholson said there is still "  some fighting to do -- potentially in some areas that we have n't gotten into . " ISAF said in a news release Thursday that security is improving and signs of stability have been emerging despite "  occasional " clashes between militants and soldiers . Haji Zahir , deputy district governor of Nad Ali , told 200 people in Marjah at a shura , or community council , that security conditions have improved and that more Afghan National Police were to be posted there , ISAF said . He "  promised to ensure the opening of shops and clinics , and personally oversaw the distribution of rice , beans , cooking oil and sugar to the gathering . " The NATO-led command said new shops have opened at Marjah bazaars , with telephones , computers and other electronics available . It said there has been a "  significant increase in the number of local residents returning to the area " and "  a decrease in the number of residents registering as internally displaced persons . " CNN 's Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	Security improving in Marjah area , evacuees returning , say U.S. and NATO officials "  We 're feeling pretty good " about towns , infrastructure , Marine commander says Locals watching flag ceremony express hope , curiosity , skepticism Offensive by NATO-led and Afghan troops expected to last two or three more weeks
CNN  -- Driving over a pothole may not be a big deal for most people , but for Jeff Bell , it was a source of endless frustration . Jeff Bell found treatment for OCD very difficult , but says it helped him turn his life around . Afraid that he had injured a person , he would drive back to each pothole again and again to check , and he lost a lot of time in the process . "  I knew that my behaviors made no sense . I knew that my thoughts that were triggering these behaviors made no sense , and yet I felt so helpless to do anything about it , " he said . Bell , a news anchor with KCBS Radio in San Francisco , California , now knows that his condition has a name : obsessive-compulsive disorder . He frequently speaks out about it and has written a memoir called "  Rewind , Replay , Repeat . " Psychologists are debating where OCD belongs in relation to other psychiatric disorders , and whether certain symptoms are actually part of other conditions . The condition affects as many as 4 million Americans , according to the International OCD Foundation , for which Bell is a spokesman . In a class of its own ? Currently , OCD sits with anxiety disorders in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , published by the American Psychiatric Association to help diagnose mental illness . The next edition will be released in 2012 , according to the APA . Many experts , such as Jonathan Abramowitz , professor of psychology at the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill , believe OCD should stay with anxiety disorders . That 's because people with the disorder tend to engage in repetitive behaviors to reduce anxiety . Watch CNN 's Elizabeth Landau talk more about OCD " There is mixed evidence based on brain scans that OCD has a separate biological mechanism , leading some psychiatrists to favor classifying it separately , Abramowitz said . "  We have n't exactly pinned down what might be the problem , " he said . Categorizing related symptoms Checking for evidence of harm done , as in Bell 's case , is one of many manifestations of OCD . Some people are overly afraid of germs , while others are overwhelmed by thoughts of violence or sex , or fear that they have "  sinned , " and still others spend countless hours arranging objects , said Jeff Szymanski , executive director of the International OCD Foundation . There are also people with OCD who repeat behaviors a fixed number of times because "  it will undo the thought or image that came to mind that you did n't want , " he said . Behaviors such as compulsive gambling are in a different category , Abramowitz said . A key difference is that those people enjoy gambling , while a person with OCD does not get pleasure from the behaviors he or she repeats . There is also controversy over whether trichotillomania -- compulsive hair pulling -- falls under OCD , because it is characterized by a repetitive behavior , but not necessarily obsessive thoughts , Szymanski said . Tics and Tourette syndrome also are OCD-related . Most people with OCD realize that their compulsions are irrational , but about 4 percent do not , Abramowitz said . Hoarders , who compulsively acquire objects without throwing anything away , tend to have less "  insight into the senselessness of their symptoms " than others with OCD , he said . This is one of the reasons that hoarding may be distinct from OCD altogether , he said . Hoarders also do not respond as well to traditional treatments . Randy Frost , psychologist at Smith College , said only 5 percent of hoarders have an OCD basis for it ; the rest may have other OCD-related problems or none at all . Treating OCD and hoarding Doctors may prescribe drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for OCD symptoms . But for some people this is only part of the solution , Szymanski said . The other first-line treatment is called exposure and response prevention , which forces people with the condition to confront their fears . This helps some people to stop engaging in behaviors , such as checking potholes , which would normally be their means of escaping those fears . Bell found this treatment so difficult that he initially lied to his therapist about doing the homework she assigned . But once he became serious about the therapy , he felt as if he was turning his life around . He also learned to externalize the force behind intrusive thoughts -- he calls it the "  doubt bully . " "  The key is to find those things in life that motivate us to sit with the discomfort of our anxiety through this treatment process to get better , " he said . Researchers at Hartford Hospital in Connecticut , and Smith College and Boston University in Massachusetts , are collaborating on a new treatment for hoarders . They 've just finished collecting data from 46 participants , Frost said . The treatment targets acquisition , discarding , and disorganization , Frost said . That 's because people who compulsively hoard tend to buy or pick up too many things , keep things rather than throw anything out , and create clutter . To help with "  acquisition , " therapists try to help people understand their attachment to their possessions . For example , the therapist will ask the patient how upset he or she will be if a piece of paper is thrown away , and then test that prediction by throwing it away . Researchers have found that participants who hoard do not get as upset as they anticipated when they dispose of the paper , Frost said . OCD is sometimes as hard on loved ones as on the patients themselves , Bell said . Family members may even become enablers , unintentionally fueling the cycle , he said . "  Often times , it involves family members meeting with a trained therapist who can help give them guidelines as to what is helpful and what 's counterproductive , " he said . For more information , visit the International OCD Foundation or Jeff Bell 's outreach site Beyond the Doubt .	As many as 4 million Americans suffer from obsessive - compulsive disorder There is some debate about whether it is an anxiety disorder or something else Compulsive gambling is not a symptom of OCD Hoarding may be separate from OCD , and there is a new treatment for it
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. government auditors will review a program that allows airlines to avoid penalties for safety problems by self-disclosing them to the Federal Aviation Administration . The Transportation Department 's Office of Inspector General , a watchdog , said on Tuesday that it would examine the voluntary initiative to ensure it is not being misused as happened previously in the case of a major carrier . Congress has requested the review . The FAA established the program in 2006 to increase safety by allowing airlines to spend resources to fix safety problems rather than spending time trying to settle disputes with the agency . Goal : Speedier trip through airport security In a highly critical report two years later , the inspector general 's office said FAA safety inspectors had grown too close with Southwest Airlines . The report said inspectors had allowed the carrier to repeatedly self-disclose violations of FAA repair orders , absolving it of any penalty without ensuring that the company had come up with a solution for the safety issue . The matter involved 46 Boeing 737s that had not been inspected for potential cracks , a problem that could have led to rapid cabin decompression and crashes . When Southwest discovered the lapse , FAA inspectors encouraged the airline to formally self-disclose the problem and allowed it to operate those planes on 1,451 flights for eight days , the inspector general 's report said . Southwest later inspected the planes and found fuselage cracks on five , the report said . The company later was assessed a heavy fine by the FAA . The Voluntary Disclosure Reporting Program is one of at least four self-reporting efforts the FAA has adopted to monitor the industry and its own employees to identify problems and trends and prevent accidents . Safety experts generally applaud voluntary approaches , saying they increase data available to researchers and can make systems safer if trends are found . The inspector general 's office said its review would look at whether the airlines are meeting FAA requirements when filing reports and whether regulators are evaluating the industry 's corrective actions . The FAA created a non-punitive reporting system for air traffic controllers in 2008 and expanded it this year to include employees who maintain radar installations and other systems . The FAA said that system has yielded enormous data and prompted corrective steps . Who 's afraid to fly on September 11 ? Opinion : Airport Wi-Fi and mobile services are lacking Philadelphia man charged over phony flight threat	Watchdog agency to look at system that allows airlines to self-report problems Congress sought review to ensure that voluntary approach not abused by airlines , FAA Previous investigation found that FAA inspectors were too cozy with Southwest Airlines
CNN  -- Germany 's much-loved model train manufacturer , Maerklin , has filed for bankruptcy , leaving fans around the world wondering whether it 's the last stop for the company 's toy business . This Maerklin train has a video in the front so users get a driver 's view . Maerklin has been building toy trains for nearly 150 years and its railroads made their way into countries as far away as Australia and New Zealand . The company said it applied for insolvency proceedings Wednesday after talks to secure credit from banks broke down . Despite intensive negotiations , the commercial banks did not extend their lines of credit , Maerklin said . "  It is sad , " shopper Frank Steen , 39 , said at London 's famous Hamleys toy store . "  With fewer older brands around , all we 're left with is Japanese plastic . " Although Maerklin generated a turnover of around $ 165 million in 2008 , it struggled to obtain a credit extension beyond January 31 , it said . Despite financial difficulties , the company still planned to set up its stall Thursday at the Nuremberg Toy Fair . Railway devotees will have plenty to look forward to after Maerklin boss Dietmar Mundil promised to bring 400 new products to the show .	Maerklin toy train firm files for bankruptcy Company says it failed to secure extension of credit lines from banks Maerklin generated a turnover of around $ 165 million in 2008 Company still plans to attend this week 's Nuremberg Toy Fair
CNN  -- Nearly 2,000 homeowners in New Jersey who had their lives turned upside down by Superstorm Sandy were wrongfully denied recovery funds , according to a new report released Thursday . Four of every five homeowners who appealed denials from the Reconstruction , Rehabilitation , Elevation , and Mitigation  RREM  program and the Resettlement programs in New Jersey had their rejections overturned , according to the Fair Share Housing Center , an organization that advocates for the rights of poor homeowners . The fate of thousands of other homeowners affected by Sandy remains unclear , according to the report . The RREM program provides up to $ 150,000 to cover the cost of rebuilding and elevating a home . Public records obtained by the Fair Share Housing Center show that 3,196 applicants were told by the Christie administration that they were ineligible for the program . Of the 1,033 who appealed the denial , 788 , or 79 percent , were told they were in fact eligible for recovery funds . A similar percentage of residents who were denied up to $ 10,000 to cover non-rebuilding costs also had their rejections overturned in the appeal process , for a total of 1,090 households . Thousands more who were denied funds from either program did not appeal , according to the report . "  We were pretty shocked , " said Adam Gordon , staff attorney at the advocacy group . "  Thousands of people were wrongfully rejected , and it was impacting people all over the state . We were just shocked by the sheer magnitude of it . " The report shows that a majority of the applicants who were denied funds were minority homeowners . "  I think it 's a breach of faith in the basic fairness of government and appalling behavior , especially when it is directed toward people recovering from a disaster , " Gordon said . A statement from the state 's Department of Community Affairs , which administers Sandy recovery programs , said : "  The Fair Share Housing analysis leaves out both significant facts and context . DCA has ensured that anyone initially rejected received a thorough review of their application , resulting in reinstatement of eligibility and the award of recovery funds in every single eligible case . " The agency is placing part of the blame on the federal government . "  Noting the high number of ineligibility determinations , we investigated and learned FEMA provided the State with inaccurate damage assessment data . As a result , we obtained  Department of Housing and Urban Development  approval to allow applicants to demonstrate damage through third party sources , " the statement said . A statement from Gov. Chris Christie 's office released on Monday said that more than 5,100 Sandy-affected homeowners have been preliminarily awarded RREM grants and that approximately 3,000 would be moved off the waitlist . Christie met on Tuesday with a few homeowners impacted by the storm in Keansburg . He acknowledged their frustration with the slow recovery process . But he said things are improving and pointed out that nearly $ 1.2 billion in Sandy recovery funds have either already been distributed or are in the pipeline in New Jersey . "  Half the money is going toward housing . When you had 365,000 homes damaged or destroyed in the storm , this is the longest and most difficult part of trying to deal with the problem , " Christie said . Christie blamed any delays in distributing funds on the process used to decide who gets what . There are two deciding factors : the amount of damage and the level of need based on a family 's economic situation . "  That means you have to get more information to us . That means we have to review more information . That means the federal government will then review more information , " he said . "  And it almost invariably means one of us will ask you for more things . " The Fair Share Housing Center is standing by its findings . "  The Christie administration 's widespread rejection of large numbers of families actually eligible for Sandy aid shows that the Sandy recovery process has been flawed from start to finish , " Gordon said . Concerned by the findings , U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , is calling for more oversight . "  My office is aware of complaints from constituents concerned with discrepancies , long waiting lists and delays in receiving the help they need to rebuild their homes and lives , " he said in a written statement . "  That is why I am calling for Senate hearings to explore ways to expedite relief to so many struggling New Jersey families still recovering more than a year after Superstorm Sandy . " U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell , D-New Jersey , is also calling for greater oversight of Sandy recovery funds . He raised concerns about the firm hired in May to help process applications for funding . Hammerman & Gainer Inc. was fired by the state last month . "  We need a full accounting of the HGI contract , and I urge HUD to require the appointment of an independent monitor before the next round of funding goes out to ensure there is n't further mismanagement , " Pascrell said in a written statement . The report comes at a critical point in the recovery effort in New Jersey . The state is preparing to distribute $ 1.46 billion in a second round of Sandy funding . At the same time , the U.S. Attorney 's office is investigating claims from Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer that members of the Christie administration linked Sandy recovery funds to her approval of a real estate development project in her city .	Thousands were wrongly denied Sandy recovery funds , housing group says About 80 % of appealed rejections were later deemed eligible , report says Most of the residents denied were minority homeowners , group says State denies the allegations , saying that it received bad data from federal officials
CNN  -- Wash your hands , slap on some hand sanitizer and put the latest norovirus outbreak on a cruise ship out of your mind . Nearly 22 million travelers are expected to hop on board cruises this year to set sail for fun and exciting locations , enjoying the dining , entertainment and sun available on cruise ships all over the world . But if you 're a novice , how do you choose a voyage on which to spend your hard-earned dollars ? There are plenty of options in the 7th Annual Cruise Critic Editors ' Picks Awards , which highlight the top cruise lines for North American travelers in 18 categories , including best new ship , best cruise line for families , best value for money and best river cruise line . The cruising website 's choices were announced Tuesday . Royal Caribbean 's Quantum of the Seas , one of the largest cruise ships in the world , was named best new ship just after its November launch . Disney Cruise Line was named "  best for families " for the second consecutive year . "  We originally launched our Editors ' Picks Awards in 2008 , to highlight lines that we felt were doing a great job , " said Carolyn Spencer Brown , editor-in-chief of Cruise Critic , in a statement . Cruise Critic , which launched in 1995 , hosts an online cruising community with more than 100,000 vetted consumer reviews of cruises . Cruise Critic is owned by the Independent Traveler , a subsidiary of TripAdvisor . "  Just six years later , the industry has grown tremendously ; cruise lines continue to up the ante , and there are more options than ever before for travelers looking to hit the seas , " said Brown . "  With our team of editors covering hundreds of cruise ships each year , these awards allow us to both highlight lines that truly lead the way and also help guide consumers to a purchase that 's right for them . " You can also check out the Royal Caribbean , Disney Cruise Line and Carnival Cruise Lines wins in U.S. News & World Report 's 2015 Best Cruise Lines rankings , which named 15 cruise lines in five categories , also released Tuesday . U.S. News ' rankings are based on a data analysis of expert evaluations of cruise ships ' quality , reputation among travelers and results from U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention health evaluations . "  The cruise industry is booming -- their efforts to revamp their image and win over new types of travelers by launching new ships and innovative entertainment experiences is paying off , " said Liz Weiss , travel editor for U.S. News , in a statement . "  We aim to help travelers sort through their options and identify cruise lines and ships that best suit their needs . " Cruise Critic 's full list of winners : Best new ship : Royal Caribbean International 's Quantum of the Seas Best ship refurbishment : Oceania Cruises  R-Class Best for luxury : Ponant Yacht Cruises & Expeditions Best for families : Disney Cruise Line Best itineraries : Princess Cruises Best for adventure : International Expeditions Best value for money : Carnival Cruise Lines Best dining : Oceania Cruises Best entertainment : Norwegian Cruise Line Best suites : Celebrity Cruises Best inside cabins : Royal Caribbean International Best standard cabins : Holland America Line Best shore excursions : Azamara Club Cruises Best for romance : Windstar Cruises Best cruise ship bar : Celebrity Cruises ' Martini Bar Best North American home port : New Orleans Best new river ships : Emerald Waterways ' Emerald Sky and Emerald Star Best river cruise line : Viking Cruises Top three U.S. News winners in each category : Best luxury cruise lines 1 . Crystal Cruises 2 . Silversea Cruises 3 . Regent Seven Seas Cruises Best cruise lines for the money 1 . Royal Caribbean 2 . Disney Cruise Line 3 . Carnival Cruise Lines Best cruise lines for romance 1 . Silversea Cruises 2 . Crystal Cruises 3 . Azamara Club Cruises Best cruise lines in the Caribbean 1 . Disney Cruise Line 2 . Royal Caribbean 3 . Carnival Cruise Lines Best cruise lines for families 1 . Disney Cruise Line 2 . Royal Caribbean 3 . Celebrity Cruises	Nearly 22 million travelers are expected to take cruises this year Royal Caribbean 's newest ship wins Cruise Critic 's "  best new ship " award Disney Cruise Line wins Cruise Critic 's best cruise line for families Royal Caribbean also wins U.S. News award for best cruise line for the money
CNN  -- U.S. fans of Michael Jackson are pouring out their grief through music and dance , impromptu shrines at symbolic locations and heartfelt remembrances online . Valerie Rojas Pruitt , 12 , lights a candle Friday at Michael Jackson 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . Jackson 's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was surrounded hours before dawn Friday by candles , flowers , posters and balloons . As the sun rose , a man crouched on the sidewalk and painted a portrait of the pop star , who died suddenly on Thursday . "  This is a very sad day here in Hollywood , California , " sobbed Melissa Fazli , a CNN iReporter . "  This is very , very sad . I ca n't believe it . " The star emblem had been covered until almost 3 a.m. by a red carpet for the premiere of the Sasha Baron Cohen film "  Bruno " at Grauman 's Chinese Theater , but fans started leaving mementos as soon as the carpet was removed . The film 's producers reportedly cut a scene referencing Jackson , at least for the premiere . Watch the Walk of Fame shrine grow " "  He was an innovator , " a fan named Delores said outside the theater . "  He 's basically an icon in his own time -- legendary . It 's going to take years -LSB- to sink in -RSB- that he 's gone , because he 's always with me . ... I 'm just trying to assess it all right now . I 'm still mourning , and at the same time missing him . It 's a little bit much to bear . " See what celebrities had to say " Fans gathered near the gates of the Los Angeles home where the King of Pop collapsed Thursday , and hundreds more assembled outside the UCLA Medical Center , where Jackson was pronounced dead . The U.S. fans ' reaction was part of a worldwide outpouring of grief over Jackson 's death and celebration of his life and art . See how people reacted in other countries People stopped in their tracks Thursday in New York 's Times Square , staring up at the giant TV screens bearing news of Jackson 's death . Some people set up lawn chairs in the evening . Watch the reaction on Times Square " Hundreds of people gathered in front of the Motown Historical Museum in Detroit , Michigan , a two-story house where the Jackson 5 's recording career began in 1969 , according to CNN affiliate WDIV-TV . Fans built a makeshift shrine to Jackson , whose hits could be heard booming from passing cars , the station reported . View a timeline of Jackson 's career " Fans frequently broke into song and dance around Jackson 's childhood home on Jackson Street , renamed in honor of the family , in Gary , Indiana , CNN affiliate WRTV-TV reported . Watch fans gather at the home " "  I knew Michael . I only lived three blocks from him myself , " Gary resident John Moore told WRTV-TV . "  It 's a really sad day . I 'm very hurt and disappointed right now . He was a great guy . " CNN iReporter Egberto Willies of Kingwood , Texas , summed up the conflicting feelings Jackson engendered among his admirers : "  I grew up on Michael Jackson , " Willies said in a video post on iReport.com . "  I loved Michael Jackson . I hated Michael Jackson . I admired Michael Jackson . I was ashamed of Michael Jackson . I was sorry for Michael Jackson . I was proud of Michael Jackson . iReport : Share your thoughts about Michael Jackson "  Michael Jackson was a complicated human being who was -LSB- denied -RSB- a childhood in order to provide us with great musical and dancing entertainment , " Willies went on . "  But with all his wealth and success he never seemed happy with himself . He never viewed himself as we viewed him : simply the best entertainer alive . May he rest in peace , his demons left behind . " CNN 's Kara Finnstrom and Dan Simon contributed to this report .	Admirers gather at symbolic locations to salute the late "  King of Pop " Candles , flowers , posters , balloons surround star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Fans sing and dance outside Detroit house where Jackson 5 first recorded Neighbors remember Jackson at childhood home in Gary , Indiana
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-3 in a frenetic English Premier League on Sunday which United manager Alex Ferguson described as the "  best derby of all time . " At the River Plate and Boca Juniors matches , the atmosphere can swell to boiling point . But while the Manchester derby certainly stirs the passions , Football Fan Zone has scoured the world to select 10 other local match ups which stir the emotion of the club 's faithful . Do you agree with our selection ? Tell us about one you think should make the top 10 in our Sound Off box below . 1  CELTIC v RANGERS -- Glasgow , Scotland These two are the bitterest of bitter rivals . Not only are they divided by football , but by religion as well , with Rangers taking their support from the Protestant community and Celtic the Catholic community . The hostility has become so intense that both clubs have asked their fans to stop singing the sectarian songs that had become commonplace on match days . To add fuel to the fire , they are consistently the only two teams who challenge for the Scottish title , with the make-up of the Premier League ensuring they face each other four times in a season , not including cups . Despite both clubs attracting some top foreign stars , the helter-skelter nature of the fixture has not been diluted over time , as confirmed by the number of dismissals over the years . 2  ROMA v LAZIO -- Rome , Italy Undoubtedly the fiercest derby match in Italy , these two rivals really hate each other . Violence in and around the Olympic Stadium between the sets of supporters , and the police , has become an all-too-common occurrence in recent seasons . Both teams hate the perceived arrogance from the Northern cities  Milan , Turin  -- but they loathe each other more . Roma take their support from a traditional working-class fan base , while Lazio 's support tends to come from the wealthier districts . The historical political differences between the fans is another reason for this rivalry . Lazio 's supporters , in general , followed right-wing ideals while the Roma fans leaned more to the left . 3  BOCA JUNIORS v RIVER PLATE -- Buenos Aires , Argentina Although by no means the most "  local " derby in South America  the clubs are about 7km apart  , it is undeniably the most intense . The rivalry , hatred and violence involved are based on social class and money . Both clubs were founded in the poor district of Buenos Aires called La Boca , but River Plate moved to a wealthier area called Nunez in the 1930s , heightening the animosity between the clubs . Boca Juniors ' stadium is known as "  La Bombonera "  The Box of Chocolates  because of its layout . The steep stands and the lack of a running track makes for a particularly intimidating atmosphere . 4  AL AHLY v ZAMALEK -- Cairo , Egypt Arguably Africa 's most passionate derby , this match brings together two of the continent 's most successful clubs . Their rivalry is so strong that foreign referees are always brought in for the derby games and , following a number of violent incidents , matches between the two have been moved to the 75,000 capacity Cairo International Stadium . On the pitch , Al Ahly currently have the upper hand , winning the last four league titles . 5  GALATASARAY v FENERBAHCE -- Istanbul , Turkey The Bosphorus separates the city of Istanbul into a European side and an Asian side . Galatasaray , on the European side , have traditionally been the wealthier of the two clubs , while Fenerbahce , on the Asian side , have a largely working-class following . However , in recent years , Fenerbahce have attracted a number of wealthy fans who have pumped money into the club , thus unbalancing the equilibrium . Nowadays , there is nothing to choose between them on and off the pitch . The last five league titles have alternated between the two clubs and both clubs have won 17 Turkish championships . 6  OLYMPIAKOS v PANATHINAIKOS -- Athens , Greece This is the derby between the two giants of Greek football , although the rivalry between the two also exists in basketball , Greece 's national sport . In the past , Olympiakos , from the port area of Piraeus , used to represent the working class , while Panathinaikos represented the upper-class suburbs of Athens . Nowadays , the situation has evened out . However , on the pitch , Olympiakos are the dominant club , having won 11 of the last 12 league titles , including the last four in a row . 7  RED STAR BELGRADE v PARTIZAN BELGRADE -- Belgrade , Serbia This is a relatively new fixture : both clubs were founded in 1945 , but what they lack in age , they make up for in passion . Partizan was founded as the football section of the central club of the former Yugoslavian Army , while Red Star was founded as the civilians ' club . Red Star , or Crvena Zvezda as they are now known , have traditionally been the more successful , achieving the ultimate of winning the European Cup in 1991 . 8  WYDAD v RAJA -- Casablanca , Morocco These two are the biggest clubs in Morocco and violence between the fans often mars these fixtures . Wydad used to dominate honors , but in recent seasons Raja have enjoyed more success . N.B. Raja means "  hope " and Wydad means "  love , " although there is certainly no love between the rivals when they face each other ! 9  PALMEIRAS v CORINTHIANS -- Sao Paulo , Brazil Another derby that has been going for nearly 100 years . Corinthians used to be the only club in the city , but a group of Italian members broke away to form Palmeiras , earning the nickname of the "  betrayers " by Corinthians fans . Morumbi is the biggest stadium in Sao Paulo and all the derbies are played there , although the Pacaembu stadium , which hosts many Corinthians matches , is also used for the occasion . 10  PENAROL v NACIONAL -- Montevideo , Uruguay One of the oldest derby matches in the world , with both clubs being formed in the 1890s . The two most honored clubs in Uruguay , they share a remarkable 85 Uruguayan league titles and eight Copa Libertadores championships between them . The derby is always played in the Centenario Stadium , with a capacity of almost 74,000 , although Nacional also have their own ground in a different neighborhood of the city . Who are your fiercest rivals ? Do fiery derbies hurt or hinder football ? What is your favorite local match ? Tell us your opinions in the Sound Off box below .	United beat City 4-3 in a classic Manchester derby on Sunday The derby between Rangers and Celtic in Glasgow is bitterly contested When Al Ahly face Zamalek , foreign referees have to be brought in Despite distance between River Plate and Boca 's grounds , animosity is high
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Tess Sosa and her daughter have had a hard time forgetting US Airways Flight 1549 's emergency landing in New York City 's Hudson River in January . Tess Sosa holds her infant son , Damian , as her daughter Sophia , 4 , plays on the couch . Sosa and Sophia , 4 , have needed therapy , and the Sosas have had to pay out of their own pockets because US Airways ' insurer says only three counseling sessions are covered . The family has private insurance and large deductible . The airline and insurer say compensation to the passengers has already exceeded US Airway 's obligation , adding they gave $ 5,000 to passengers after the incident . But Sosa said she thinks the airline is still falling short "  They have gone to incredible measures to get all of our belongings back , dry them out , " she said . "  However , I think in doing so , there was this huge oversight in ` Let 's take care of these passengers . ' " Watch Sosa explain her expectations " Relief over her family 's survival ca n't undo the trauma she endured after the January 15 landing , during which she had to scramble over seats with her infant son , Damian , in tow . Water rushed into the plane as she turned and saw her husband , Martin , sitting at the back of the plane with their then-3-year-old daughter , Sophia . She recalled her husband "  in shock with my daughter being held up high , the water coming in , and hoping they 'd see me . " Another passenger "  bear hugged " her and Damian and escorted them to the exit . Today , Sosa still remembers how she felt that day : "  the possibility , the imminent death , just waiting to see if the plane was going to plunge any further in the river . " Following the emergency ditching of Flight 1549 , Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger was quickly crowned a hero for ably landing the Airbus A320 after birds disabled its engines . He made the cover of several magazines , including People , which featured him holding Damian Sosa . See other notable air accidents " U.S. Airways hired a firm to restore and return thousands of personal items to passengers -- items ranging from boarding tickets to suitcases . The airline 's insurer , American International Underwriters Holdings , a unit of AIG , says US Airways went above and beyond its obligations because the airline is not liable in the crash and the insurers ' responsibility "  is to pay valid claims on behalf of US Airways as a result of its legal liability . " Commenting for AIU , Robert Hartwig , president of the Insurance Information Institute , said he concurred that the airline and insurer had fulfilled their obligations . "  We have a flock of birds flying into jet engines for a perfectly well-functioning aircraft and a crew that exhibited extraordinary professionalism in this particular incident . This is very important to recognize , but again , the liability does not exist , " he said . This is little consolation to the Sosas , whose private insurance has a $ 3,000 deductible . Sosa said the family still needs help dealing with the trauma , especially Sophia . The family just received another $ 1,000 bill for therapy sessions . "  I expect my family to be taken care of in the very best way possible , and I do n't feel like that 's happening when you 're balking at my claims to a therapist and you are setting limits on that , " she said .	Family paying for therapy out of pocket after Flight 1549 's crash landing Pilot ditched plane in Hudson River in January after birds crippled engines US Airways , its insurer say they have exceeded obligations to passengers Mother says she , daughter still experiencing trauma from landing
CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board will assist the South Korean government in investigating the crash of an Asiana Airlines cargo plane , officials said Friday . Asiana Flight 991 , a Boeing 747-400F cargo airplane , went down Thursday near the southern South Korean island of Jeju , where parts of the plane were found but not the aircraft itself . The two pilots are believed to have been killed , the safety board said in a statement . The plane crashed around 4:12 a.m. en route from Seoul 's Incheon International Airport to Shanghai Pudong International Airport in China , the NTSB said . The flight crew reportedly declared an emergency due to an in-flight fire , the board said . The plane crashed into the East China Sea about 70 miles west of Jeju Island , the NTSB said . U.S. officials have designated air safety investigator John Lovell as the NTSB representative , to be joined by an NTSB operational factors investigator and advisors from the Federal Aviation Administration and Boeing , the safety board said . The Korea Aviation and Railway Accident Investigation Board is leading the probe , the U.S. safety board said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The two pilots of an Asiana Airlines cargo plane are believed to have been killed The plane crashed Thursday in the East China Sea Before the crash , the flight crew reportedly said there was a fire in the plane
CNN  "  Tweet ? " With just one word , the yellow-feathered star of "  Sesame Street " on Friday joined the ranks of famous Twitterers . His first tweet sounded a little tentative . But Big Bird seemed to be getting the hang of things by his second message a few minutes later : "  Oh ! Now I get it . Big Bird here , live on Twitter ! " Within several hours , the beloved avian had collected more than 7,000 followers . The @BigBird account , created in 2012 , is not verified , although a "  Sesame Street " spokeswoman confirmed it to CNN as authentic . Big Bird 's third tweet reached out to his buddy Cookie Monster , who was tweeting about the blue creature 's visit to New York 's Museum of Modern Art . "  Hi @MeCookieMonster ! Have fun at @MuseumModernArt ! Can you send me some pictures of bird art , please ! " It 's not first time Big Bird has been in the Twitter spotlight . After presidential candidate Mitt Romney threatened to cut funding for public broadcasting during a debate with President Obama in 2012 -- even though Romney said he loves Big Bird -- jokesters set up parody accounts such as @BigBirdRomney . Do n't tell the kids but actor Caroll Spinney , age 81 , has played Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch in more than 4,000 episodes of "  Sesame Street " since the show 's inception in 1969 . He 's received four Emmys , two Gold Records and two Grammy Awards . Big Bird 's Twitter debut prompted us to recall some other memorable first tweets . Do you remember yours ?  This tool will help . CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this story .	Big Bird joins the ranks of famous creatures on Twitter The "  Sesame Street " character 's first message : "  Tweet ? "
CNN  -- It 's interesting how many people have swallowed the BP public relations ' bait to call the explosion from Deepwater Horizon oil rig the Gulf oil spill . We need to call it what it is : the BP oil spill . The federal government needs to take control and take punitive action against BP and any negligent government regulators immediately . As a concerned citizen , preparedness speaker and author , and former commander of federal troops in disaster response , I watched with interest as BP brought out its big PR guns to protect its brand and its platoon of expert engineers , paid by BP to talk about how it happened and how they intended to fix it . BP 's reaction was much like Toyota 's when it was confronted with safety issues . It , too , focused on PR to protect its brand , versus telling the truth , and sent out its engineers to talk about the problem and the fix . The U.S. Coast Guard was the first responder . The Coast Guard 's priority always is to save lives . They spent days looking for the 11 missing men . Meanwhile , BP took advantage of this time to make itself the authoritative voice in the news about the spill and blame other companies . The U.S. government response was based on laws and rules that were created after the Exxon Valdez oil spill . After Valdez , the law changed to make the offending company responsible for the cleanup . A fund was created that all oil companies contributed to . If there was an emergency oil spill , a company could draw up to $ 75 million from this fund to fix the problem . But the fund was meant to help small wildcat operations , not huge conglomerates like BP . Sticking to that regulation was part of the problem . The No. 1 rule when dealing with disaster is to figure out which rules you need to break . Rules are designed for when everything is working . A democracy is based on trust . BP has proved it ca n't be trusted . iReporters share views on oil spill response The government needs to change the game and make this a punitive effort . The government has been too friendly to oil companies . The government should immediately freeze BP 's assets and start to charge the corporation -- say $ 100 million -- each day the oil flows . The money could be held in a fund that U.S. government draws on to take care of the people along the Gulf Coast and pay the states for doing the cleanup . Next , BP and the government bureaucrats who broke a law and put the public at risk need to go to jail . I remember when we were evacuating New Orleans on Saturday following Katrina . We pushed the survivors to the airport and a major called and said the pilots refused to fly the plane without a manifest and there was trouble with weapons scanners . I told him to direct everyone to put the people on the planes as fast as possible , and we would to do the manifest en route or on landing . As a result , we flew 16,000 people out of NOLA airport in less than seven hours . The priorities of the response to the spill must be to stop the flow of oil , prevent the oil from getting into the shoreline as much as possible , mitigate the effects of the oil in the ocean , and take care of the people who have lost their source of employment , such as fishermen and those in the tourist industry . BP 's job is to focus on stopping the flow of oil . The government needs to provide more military "  command and control " of the situation . As BP works to stop the gusher , the government must address the problem of the oil coming ashore and take care of the people affected , possibly retraining them in other jobs . The government could do this by using the Stafford Act to fund the states so they can protect their shoreline and clean up the oil . Then , the long-term effects of the spill must be mitigated . The people of the Gulf Coast , particularly South Louisiana , are still recovering from Katrina . They 've been through hurricanes Rita , Gustav and Ike . They know hurricane season is right around the corner and this BP oil spill has the potential to get much worse . And they do n't trust BP . In fact , the latest curse going around in southern Louisiana today is , "  BP you . " Punitive action must start immediately , with BP supplying the money , from fines , to help the Gulf Coast get over this catastrophe . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Russel Honoré .	Gen. Russel Honoré : This disaster is the BP oil spill , not the Gulf oil spill BP should be fined , he says , even $ 100 million , each day the oil is gushing Money from fines should be used to help Gulf Coast and its people recover , Honoré says General believes BP and negligent government regulators should face jail time
CNN  -- The Polish city of Krakow played host to a unique collection of some of the world 's leading classical musicians on Tuesday for a special performance to mark the 70th anniversary of the outbreak of World War II . Valery Gergiev conducts the World Orchestra for Peace in Jerusalem , October 19 , 2008 . Bringing together 95 musicians from 35 countries and 75 orchestras the World Orchestra for Peace was founded in 1995 by legendary conductor Sir Georg Solti , a Jewish-Hungarian émigré who fled his homeland in 1939 as Europe plunged into conflict , to mark the 50th anniversary of the United Nations . Led since Solti 's death in 1997 by Russian maestro Valery Gergiev , currently Principal Conductor with the London Symphony Orchestra , Tuesday 's concert marks the ensemble 's first performance since last year 's "  Concert for Peace " in Jerusalem . In a note for the program for Tuesday 's concert , former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan -- a former honorary patron of the orchestra -- writes that the group represents "  a practical demonstration of humanity 's potential for harmony , tolerance and cooperation . " Watch highlights of the orchestra 's performance in Krakow " "  Listening to the beautiful music performed by this Orchestra helps us to connect with our fellow human beings across different languages , cultures and traditions , " says Annan . "  The existence of this orchestra reminds us that peace in our world is possible . " Following Tuesday 's performance -- which features the premiere of a specially commissioned piece by Polish composer and Krakow native Krzysztof Penderecki entitled "  Prelude to Peace , " as well as Gustav Mahler 's perennially popular Fifth Symphony -- the orchestra flies to Stockholm to play a festival marking 200 years of peace between Sweden and Finland . WOP Director Charles Kaye told CNN that it was the unique diversity and internationalism of the musicians which made the group so special . "  We 've got a young Brazilian violinist called Pablo de Leon who is sitting alongside someone such as Elena Baskina from Novosibirsk in Siberia . And then you have someone like Nabih Bulos who plays with Daniel Barenboim 's West-Eastern Divan Orchestra but originally comes from Amman in Jordan . "  They really ca n't speak to each other but they can share the experience of playing together . Music can often do what the spoken word ca n't . " With virtually every musician a concert master in their own right , including superstars of the classical world such as violinist Rainer Kuechl of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra and clarinetist Larry Combs of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , Kaye said the WOP was also "  notches above in terms of sheer quality " any other similar ensemble . "  We 've handpicked the number one players from 70 different orchestras and we are very , very careful , " said Kaye . "  Nobody can apply to join this orchestra . It is invitation only . This really is an all-star band . " But with barely 72 hours to rehearse -- Kaye received the first copy of Pendereki 's score only on Thursday -- the director said it was Gergiev 's abilities to bring the best out of the musicians which brought the orchestra to life . "  In our business Maestro Gergiev is acknowledged as one of the great orchestra trainers , " said Kaye . "  He can really in 72 hours take 95 brilliant solo musicians and make them into a unity . One of his great skills as a conductor is that he knows how to build an orchestra . " In a city which has finally regained its status as one of eastern Europe 's leading cultural capitals after the devastation of World War II and decades largely isolated from the West behind the Iron Curtain , Kaye said the orchestra 's message of peace through music was especially resonant . "  You can feel the spirit of this ensemble . The camaraderie , the friendship and the fact that this message unites everybody , " he said . "  We are playing because we 've got something to say and music can bring that over . When you play a beautiful piece of music with the emotion and the passion that Gergiev and 95 of the best musicians in the world bring to it , people say they can feel there is something at work here . It sounds daft but music has that power . "	Orchestra play in Krakow , Poland , to mark 70 years since outbreak of WWII World Orchestra for Peace features 95 musicians from 35 countries , 75 orchestras Russian maestro Valery Gergiev , violinist Rainer Kuechl among biggest stars
CNN  -- For centuries , it has enchanted visitors with its fortified walls , pointed arches , towers , ornamental flourishes , carvings , and spectacular gardens . The Alhambra , a fortress and palace in the Spanish city of Granada was begun in the mid-13th century by the Nasrid Emirs of Granada , the last Muslim rulers in Spain . Further palaces and Christian chapels were added to the complex in the centuries since , making it a fascinating mix of cultures and histories . Full of mysterious nooks and crannies as well as grand spaces , the Alhambra attracts around two million visitors a year , according to the Patronato de la Alhambra in Spain , the organization that looks after the complex . Now a sustainable tourism effort from the Patronato de la Alhambra , the World Monuments Fund and others is taking the Alhambra into the 21st century , using technology to bring previously hidden areas of the complex to light . Entitled "  The Hidden Alhambra , " the project aims to expand the site for tourists , with an app . It will allow visitors to virtually explore delicate , closed-off areas on their iPhones , or on specially designed portable electronic tablets , as well as opening up new routes to related areas outside the complex . "  It is a site that gets many visitors , we can say that it 's a major tourist destination , " said Maria del Mar Villafranca , director of the Patronato de la Alhambra . "  For many years now , we have worked with a model that limits access to a certain number of visitors per day , " she explained , saying "  Hidden Alhambra , " is designed to further take the pressure off "  fragile zones . " Hidden areas that the application will bring to light include an underground space beneath the palace of the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V , as well as storage areas , towers and pavilions , according to Norma Barbacci , Program Director for Latin America , Spain , and Portugal at the World Monuments Fund . "  Visitors will  be able to see images and video  on their iPhones  and get all kinds of information about these specific sites that are not open , " she said . "  They are not able to walk down the stairs into the silos for example , but they can be close to them and get a lot of information , " she continued . The app is currently being developed and augmented reality features have not been ruled out , said Barbacci . The first phase of information-gathering for the application , namely photographing the various sites , is being undertaken , according to Villafranca . They are aiming to have the app ready for the public by summer 2012 . Virtual visitor experiences are an increasingly popular way of making delicate historic monuments accessible , said Barbacci . "  Once the technology began to improve , then we started looking at this as a way of promoting knowledge and caring for a building without trampling all over it , " she said . But it 's not all virtual work : The World Monuments Fund is also contributing $ 300,000 to the conservation of the Oratorio del Partal , an elaborate mid-14th century chapel built during the reign of Yusuf I . The conservation effort will include work on the roof , carved wood ceiling and decorative plaster work and will be incorporated into the "  Hidden Alhambra " application . "  It 's a very important part of the Alhambra , for its symbolic value being a part of the oldest area of the complex , " explained Villafranca . It is part of a long-term plan of conservation works to other fragile areas of the complex that , she hopes , will make more and more of it accessible to visitors -- and continue to pique their interest in it .	App will make closed-off areas of Moorish palace accessible to tourists App a "  sustainable tourism " development , says World Monuments Fund Around two million people visit Alhambra each year , says Patronato de la Alhambra Area to be broadened for tourists and preserved for future
CNN  -- A security guard was arrested this week and is accused of stealing two Los Angeles Lakers championship rings and $ 20,000 in gift cards , police said . Eddie Monterroso , 23 , who worked at a Lakers training facility , was arrested Tuesday outside the facility , the El Segundo Police Department said . The two championship rings were from the 2009 and 2010 seasons , police said . A search of the suspect 's home on December 10 "  yielded evidence of the theft as well as the championship rings , " according to an El Segundo Police Department statement . He is facing charges of burglary and grand theft , police said . The gift cards were going to be used by the team to give away as donations to community groups for Christmas , the Los Angeles Times reported . The police were able to retrieve only $ 6,000 in the gift cards , the newspaper reported . CNN 's Artemis Moshtagian contributed to this report .	The suspect was arrested outside a Laker training facility The two rings were from the 2009 and 2010 seasons Report : The gift cards were going to go to community groups
CNN  -- The annual Webby Awards are always a treasure trove of fascinating sites and apps . The organization behind the awards , the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences , announced the latest , lengthy list of nominees on Tuesday . The awards started in 1996 and over the past 17 years have expanded to include categories such as mobile apps , ad campaigns and online videos . For the final Webbys list , the academy narrowed down 11,000 applications to find five nominees for each category , as well as some honorable mentions . Though the official winners will be chosen by academy members , anyone can vote for the People 's Voice Awards . Big names and major brands with sizable marketing budgets tend to dominate the nominations . Nike nabbed the most nominations , followed by Google and The New York Times . But the list is also an excellent place to find some cool and unusual projects that you may have missed over the past year . We dug through to find some our favorites . Milwaukee Police News A website for a local police department seems like an unlikely place to find inspirational Web design , but the official page for the Milwaukee Police news is a stunner . Look through crime stats , browse photos of the most wanted criminals , and check out a timeline of the department 's history , all on a background of amazing photos of the department . The Space Take a break from the usual streaming  Hulu , Amazon , Netflix , YouTube  and enjoy some free on-demand video and content about dance , opera , music , art and more on the The Space , a site from the Arts Council England and the BBC . Start with one of the five short films about David Bowie or flip through the site 's sizable photography collection . Gallery of Lost Art The Gallery of Lost Art from Tate is an interactive online exhibit tracing the stories of missing art . Some pieces were stolen , others destroyed or thrown out . The site combines art history and intriguing mystery using high-resolution images , essays and videos . Humans of New York This photography site is based on a straightforward premise : capturing photos of everyday New Yorkers . Luckily , there seems to be an inexhaustible supply of interesting New Yorkers , making the site an addictive time-suck . Photographer Brandon Stanton also includes captions that capture bits of his subjects ' lives . Clouds over Cuba This expertly crafted interactive documentary on the Cuban missile crisis from the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library has archival video footage , documents , audio clips , and fresh interviews . You can watch from beginning to end or skip around on the timeline . Bloomberg Billionaires Ever wonder who the richest people in the world are ? This collection of dossiers lets you search for billionaires by age , gender , country , industry and source of wealth . View the index on a map to find the billionaire nearest you and invite him or her over for tea . Each person has a colorful profile page that includes a biography , summary of net worth , and a slideshow of possessions . The index is updated daily . First men on the moon Relive the 1969 moon landing with this minute-by-minute re-creation that puts you in mission control . It uses real audio clips from the Apollo 11 landing with photos and names indicating who 's talking . The center of the screen shows video from the landing and graphics at the bottom show the lunar model 's angle . Chaos to perfection If you ca n't make it to France to see the stunning Versailles grounds in person , this site is the next best thing . A fully realized 3-D model of the royal palace , it takes you through areas like the Grand Canal , the Hall of Mirrors and the King 's Bedchamber , where you can explore every angle . This project is a collaboration between the Chateau de Versailles and the Google Cultural Institute . Lumosity A workout for your brain , Lumosity features training exercises developed by neuroscientists to help improve your memory , problem-solving skills and concentration . Researchers can then mine the data collected by Lumosity to learn more about human cognition . The service has over 35 million users . REI 1440 Project One of many marketing campaigns among the nominees , the REI 1440 Project is a soothing , crowdsourced collection of travel photos from outdoorsy types around the world . The images are organized according to their time stamps to make up a 24-hour timeline of shots . Chrome Web Lab Google projects are spread throughout the Webby nominations , and with good reason . The experiment-happy company has created the Chrome Web Lab projects to show off the browser 's processing power . There 's an interactive orchestra , live videos from around the world , and a real robot that will draw your portrait in sand at the Science Museum in London . Beatbox Academy Ever been at a party and thought , "  If I only knew how to beatbox I could really kick this event up a notch , maybe make some friends " ? Head over to Beatbox Academy and get started mixing your own tunes with the interactive beatbox machine . The site is promoting a DVD that teaches you how to beatbox in the comfort of your home . FixYa On this site it 's possible to get help fixing pretty much anything , including computers , fax machines , hair driers , cars and tattoo guns . Look up your broken device to find manuals , issues and solutions from other members , or ask your question and hope an expert comes back with a helpful answer . Sitegeist Tap into your smartphone 's location features to learn more about the world around you . This app shows stats like Census Bureau facts  age , gender  , weather , Foursquare favorites , average rents and recommended places to grab food . Another app for discovering information based on your location , History Here , finds historical facts for your area . The Silent History This is a book , but it 's also an app that mixes in user-generated feedback and location-based participation . The serialized piece of fiction draws the reader in with interactive elements , creating a new kind of narrative that could be the future of e-books .	The nominees for the 17th annual Webby Awards were announced on Tuesday There were 11,000 submissions this year but only five nominees selected for each category In addition to big names and brands , there are many interesting and stunning sites
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A South Korean investigator said Friday that an "  external explosion " was the most likely cause of the mysterious sinking of a naval ship in which 46 South Korean sailors were lost in tense waters off the North Korean coast . "  There is a higher possibility of an external rather than an internal explosion , " Yoon Duk-yong , the co-head of a government-appointed team to investigate the March 26 sinking of the corvette Cheonan , said Friday in a televised press conference . The Cheonan 's stern section , where the missing sailors were believed to have been trapped , was raised from the Yellow Sea bottom Thursday after a salvage operation that was made both risky and difficult by low underwater visibility and strong currents . The bow section is expected to be salvaged next week . Of the Cheonan 's 104-man crew , 58 men were rescued from the sea on the night of the explosion . Thirty-eight bodies have so far been recovered ; eight remain missing . Yoon 's comment was based on a preliminary investigation of the stern wreckage . He added , however , that it was necessary "  to make a detailed analysis , leaving all possibilities open . " President Lee Myung-bak has demanded a transparent probe into the sinking , which Defense Minister Kim Tae-young on Friday called "  a grave national security incident . " While Seoul has avoided blaming North Korea , Kim has said that a sea mine or torpedo appear the most likely causes . The media has been rife with speculation -- theories aired range from an internal boiler explosion to a North Korean naval special forces attack . On Thursday , Open Radio for North Korea , a Seoul-based radio station that maintains covert contacts north of the border , announced that Northern authorities are calling the Cheonan sinking "  self-inflicted . " North Korea 's state-run media have been silent on the issue , and both South Korean and U.S. forces in South Korea say they have not detected any unusual moves by the armed forces of the hard-line state . However , the Cheonan went down close to the disputed inter-Korean sea border , off which fatal naval skirmishes took place in 1999 and 2002 . If forensic evidence does point to North Korean involvement , it is unclear what moves South Korea could take against a country that has artillery ranged in on Seoul , and which is believed to possess at least six nuclear devices . . The United States declined to strike militarily against North Korea when the spyship USS Pueblo was seized in international waters off North Korea in 1968 . Nor did South Korea retaliate in 2002 , when three Southern sailors were killed and their patrol boat sunk in a North Korean attack on the same day that South Korea was playing its last match of the World Cup .	South Korean investigators say naval ship was sunk by external blast Wreckage of vessel was raised from Yellow Sea floor on Thursday Of 104 crew members , 58 were rescued after explosion South Korean media rife with speculation over what caused blast
CNN  -- Members of the Indonesia military may have been involved in the torture of two men in the country 's province of Papua , a government official said on Friday . The incident came to light after a video surfaced showing men burning the genitals of a naked and bound man , and holding a knife to the nose and neck of another bound man on a dusty road while interrogating them . "  The investigation is still going on but initial reports I received from the armed forces commander , show that there were elements of the military who were involved in those excessive , unprofessional acts , that were clearly a violation of human rights , Indonesian Coordinating Minister for Political and Security Affairs Djoko Suyanto told CNN . The video is believed to be from the Indonesian province of Papua , nearly 3,500 kilometers east of the capital , Jakarta . Papua has long had a low-level insurgency that demands independence from Indonesia , saying the government is trying to take its land to steal resources . But both victims in this case were unarmed farmers , the Alliance of Papuan students told CNN . The scenes were recorded on a cell phone , and the imagery brought stiff condemnation from human rights groups who believe the video is possible evidence of Indonesian armed forces torturing members of independence movements . Human rights groups say that while they have n't determined the authenticity of the video , they have clues that the persecutors are members of the Indonesian armed forces . For example , the weapon being used in the video appears to be a standard military issue and the questions posed by the interrogators are consistent with those of Indonesian security forces , said Phil Robertson , deputy director of Human Rights Watch 's Asia division . Human Rights Watch is concerned that the government will let the case linger without a resolution . Another video surfaced this year showing a disemboweled Papuan political activist being taunted by men in police uniforms . Police denied allegations that their forces disemboweled him . They said he was injured in a firefight , and no officer has been disciplined in that incident . The indigenous Free Papua Movement was established in 1965 to push for the secession of Papua from Indonesia . The group disputed the terms under which Papua became a part of Indonesia that year . Papua has the largest gold mine in the world , operated by the U.S.-based Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold , but members of the freedom movement say locals have not received fair economic benefits from any of the mining operations on their homeland .	A group says both victims were unarmed farmers Initial reports cite human rights violations Papua has a low-level independence insurgency
CNN  Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan , Iranian state media reported . Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces in the fighting Monday in the southeastern town of Negur , the state-run news agency IRNA reported . The news agency cited Ali Asghar Mirshekari , the deputy governor of Iran 's Sistan-Baluchestan province , who said the militants crossed into the country from Pakistan . Iranian officials have reportedly asked Pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants . A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack , according to Iranian state media and a Twitter account believed to be associated with the organization . According to Pakistani media , Jaish al Adal is an anti-Iranian group that has emerged during recent years in areas of Balochistan , the restive Pakistani province that borders southeastern Iran . The Sunni Muslim group has targeted Shiites and says it aims to thwart Iranian influence in Pakistan , according to the Pakistani newspaper Dawn . Jaish al Adal has also claimed responsibility for attacks on Iranian territory . One of the deadliest was in October 2013 , when 14 Iranian border guards were killed near the city of Saravan . Iranian authorities say that after similar attacks , the militants have fled back into Balochistan . "  Iran has repeatedly criticized its eastern neighbor for failing to rein in the terrorists , " IRNA said , referring to Pakistan . The Pakistani government condemned Monday 's attack , calling it an "  act of terrorism . " "  The concerned security agencies of Pakistan are actively investigating this incident , which took place on Iran 's territory , and have asked Iranian authorities to share with us any evidence that they have , " the government said in a statement Wednesday . If the militants entered Pakistan after the attack , "  they will be apprehended and brought to justice , " it said .	The Pakistani government says its security agencies are investigating A group believed to be based in Pakistan 's Balochistan province claims responsibility
CNN  -- The head of the nail -- Andrew Dominik 's new movie hits it hard and square . Maybe too hard for those who appreciate a little ambiguity with their messaging , but ambiguity is not on the agenda in this tale of business ethics at the dark end of the street . Adapting and updating George V. Higgin 's 1974 crime novel "  Cogan 's Trade " and resuming his collaboration with "  The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford " producer/star Brad Pitt , Dominik has crafted a poison pen letter to late capitalism in general and the United States in particular . That sounds like a long reach for a thriller , but gangster films as different as "  The Godfather " and "  Scarface " have cast a baleful eye on the American pursuit of happiness before . But even then , "  The Dream " never seemed so rotten to its core as in this caustic , corrosive piece of pulp nihilism . This is New Orleans , so wet it 's as if the floods never left . October 2008 . Wall Street and the dam have burst . The airwaves are clogged with economic meltdown . President George W. Bush is trying to sell the bailout . Barack Obama is trying to sell himself and a vision of community that 's wildly at odds with the dog-eat-dog world we see on screen .  The two presidents feature so strongly in the elaborate sound design they 're practically supporting characters . Brad Pitt is Cogan , one of those guys you go to with a job you do n't want to spell out . For $ 10,000 , he 'll resolve the problem . Who are his employers ? It 's never specifically stated , but his contact , played with squirmy embarrassment by Richard Jenkins , complains about the committee mentality , the squeamishness and the lack of leadership , so we know it 's the corporate mafia . Gambling has been shut down in the city after a couple of lowlifes hit a big-money poker game knowing that the host , Markie  Ray Liotta  , will pay the price  he 's foolishly admitted to jacking his own game once before  . Cogan knows that Markie was n't involved this time -- no one is that dumb -- but recognizes that it makes no difference , he 'll have to pay before things can settle back to business as usual . Meanwhile the real thieves -- pathetic scuzzballs looking to stake their own claim on the Dream  Ben Mendelsohn and Scoot McNairy  -- soon spill their secret , and Cogan calls in a colleague from out of state to dispatch the guy who put them up to it . He does n't want to do this one himself , he knows the guy . "  Have you ever killed someone ? It gets touchy-feely . They cry . They plead . They piss themselves . They cry for their mothers . It gets embarrassing . I like to kill them softly . From a distance . " The plotting is as remorseless as Cogan 's logic , but the movie has an unusual and distinctive structure , one that comes straight from Higgins , the Boston lawyer best known for "  The Friends of Eddie Coyle "  filmed with Robert Mitchum the year before "  Cogan 's Trade " was published  . Higgins let his stories seep out from eavesdropped conversations , almost between the lines , putting the reader in the position of a juror trying to untangle a case from dozens of competing testimonies . In "  Killing Them Softly , " action scenes are doled out almost as counterpoint , tense but self-contained exclamations of aestheticized blood-letting . The movie 's real meat -- its heart and soul , if it has any -- lies in its coursing torrent of words ; a filthy tirade of crude , funny , deeply cynical man talk  there 's one female speaking part in the movie , and she 's a hooker  . The men speak at each other . They 're all incontinent storytellers , bragging , justifying , hustling , cajoling , complaining , but only dimly comprehending . There 's an echo of Quentin Tarantino here -- and Elmore Leonard before him -- but there are no pop culture references in Higgins . The speechifying is n't flip , cool or ironic , even if it does encourage displays of actorly machismo  closer to Martin Scorsese , in fact  . In the movie 's superb , sour centerpiece , there are two lengthy conversations -- monologues , almost -- featuring James Gandolfini as a bloated , alcoholic , bitter and defeated killer . He 's an aging hit man gone to seed facing a third long spell in jail and no one there at home when he comes out again . Gandolfini is brutal in this role , all his tenderness turned vicious and repulsive through self-pity . But still , at least we discern the ashes of emotion in this wreck of a man . Discreetly , not unkindly , Cogan arranges for his removal and takes over the contract . Cogan is the consummate professional , the hero by default in a movie without heroics , a savagely cynical satire on a bankrupt system in terminal decline .	The film is based on George V. Higgin 's 1974 crime novel "  Cogan 's Trade " Brad Pitt is a killer with a contract to fulfill The supporting cast includes Ray Liotta and James Gandolfini
A "  suspicious item " at the Nevada National Security Site caused officials to scramble Tuesday , but it turned out to be "  a non-threatening item , " a spokesman for the site told CNN . Federal and local officials were involved in the incident , which began to unfold around 4 p.m.  7 p.m. ET  , when a "  suspicious item " was discovered outside the device assembly facility security perimeter fence , said Dave Taylor , the spokesman . About three hours later , the non-threatening nature of the item was discovered . "  We acted out of an abundance of caution , " said Dante Pistone , another site spokesman . "  There will be a lot of followup on this . " At 1,375 square miles , the site is larger than Rhode Island . It has been the site of more than four decades of testing of nuclear weapons . Congress created the NNSA in 2000 as a semi-autonomous agency within the U.S. Department of Energy responsible for enhancing national security through the military application of nuclear energy . According to the site 's website , "  NNSA maintains and enhances the safety , security , reliability and performance of the U.S. nuclear weapons stockpile without nuclear testing ; works to reduce global danger from weapons of mass destruction ; provides the U.S. Navy with safe and effective nuclear propulsion ; and responds to nuclear and radiological emergencies in the U.S. and abroad . "	"  Suspicious " item turns out to be non-threatening "  We acted out of an abundance of caution " Incident occurred in Nevada site 's central area
CNN  -- A Florida court has approved the divorce of the father of Haleigh Cummings , a Florida girl who disappeared in February , and the girl 's stepmother , a key witness in the case . Ronald Cummings divorced his wife , Misty , who was the last person to see his daughter , Haleigh . Ronald Cummings , 25 , cites irreconcilable differences in ending his short marriage to his 17-year-old wife , whom he married more than a month after Haleigh went missing from her father 's home in Satsuma , Florida , on February 9 . Cummings has made several public pleas for information in her disappearance . Misty Cummings , then known as Misty Croslin , was the last person known to have seen Haleigh the night she disappeared from the family 's rented mobile home . The teenager said she tucked Haleigh and her 4-year-old brother into bed about 8 p.m. and went to sleep herself two hours later , but awoke at 3 a.m. to find the girl missing and a cinder block propping open a back door . Ronald Cummings called police and reported his daughter missing when he returned from work at dawn . Investigators have said they do not feel Misty Cummings has told them everything she knows . "  The police have been telling me that I 've been keeping Misty under my wing and that 's why she has n't talked to the cops , " Ronald Cummings told a HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " producer earlier in October . "  So now , here you go , I divorced her . So now go find my baby . " The Putnam County Sheriff 's office said in August that "  the evidence and investigatory effort has minimized the likelihood that Haleigh 's disappearance is the work of a stranger . " Ronald Cummings and Crystal Sheffield , Haleigh 's mother , are not considered suspects , police said . "  Investigators believe that Misty Croslin-Cummings continues to hold important answers in the case , " the sheriff 's office said in a written statement . "  She has failed to provide any sort of detailed accounting of the hours during the late evening and early morning of Haleigh 's disappearance . Furthermore , physical evidence at the scene contradicts Misty 's sketchy account of her evening activities . " Croslin has not been named a person of interest or suspect in the case . In televised interviews , Croslin has said she does not know what happened to the little girl , while also saying she believed "  the other side of the family " knows where she is . The couple lived together for about six months before marrying in March . Under the divorce settlement approved Thursday by a St. John 's County court , both sides permanently and irrevocably waive any rights to alimony and other types of financial payments .	Ronald Cummings , wife Misty finalize divorce after brief marriage Misty Croslin was last person to see 5-year-old Haleigh Cummings Haleigh Cummings disappeared from home in February while in Croslin 's care
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The H1N1 flu virus could cause up to 90,000 U.S. deaths , mainly among children and young adults , if it resurges this fall as expected , according to a report released Monday by a presidential advisory panel . The report urges speedier production of the H1N1 vaccine and the availability of some doses by September . The H1N1 virus , commonly known as swine flu virus , could infect between 30 percent and 50 percent of the American population during the fall and winter and lead to as many as 1.8 million U.S. hospital admissions , the President 's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology reported . The report says 30,000 to 90,000 deaths are projected as part of a "  plausible scenario " involving large outbreaks at schools , inadequate antiviral supplies and the virus peaking before vaccinations have time to be effective . Up to 40,000 U.S. deaths are linked to seasonal flu each year , with most of the fatalities occurring among people over 65 . With seasonal flu and H1N1 , this fall is expected to bring more influenza deaths and place "  enormous stress " on intensive care units nationwide , which normally operate near capacity , the report says . An H1N1 resurgence may happen as early as September , at the beginning of the school year , and infections may peak in mid-October , according to the report . However , the H1N1 vaccine is n't expected to be available until mid-October , and even then it will take several weeks for vaccinated individuals to develop immunity , the report says . Watch more on H1N1 predictions for this fall " The potential "  mismatch in timing " could significantly diminish the usefulness of the H1N1 vaccine , the report says . "  Even with the best efforts , this will cause some illness , some severe illness and unfortunately , some deaths , " Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Monday . "  But a lot so far has gone remarkably right , " Frieden said . "  There 's a vaccine well on its way to being distributed , diagnostic tests available in well over 100 laboratories , treatments pre-positioned around the country ... and guidance issued for health care providers , schools , businesses and other communities . " Among the report 's recommendations are for government agencies to : • Prepare several "  planning scenarios " to determine demand for supplies and care . • Set up surveillance systems to track information about influenza-like illnesses . • Develop plans to protect the public 's most vulnerable groups , such as pregnant women and those with pre-existing medical conditions . • Speed up the production of the H1N1 vaccine and have an initial batch -- enough to vaccinate up to 40 million people , especially those who are at risk of serious disease -- by mid-September . Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said the government 's preparation and guidance for the public was based on the need to strike a balance "  on a continuum of being paralyzed with fear versus complacency . " So far , clinical trials for the H1N1 vaccine have not indicated adverse side effects beyond what are experienced with the seasonal flu vaccine , Sebelius said . However , there would be no formal decision to launch a vaccination campaign until those trials were complete , she said . That decision would be hers , she said , and she emphasized that any vaccination program would be strictly voluntary . Pregnant women , health care workers and parents or guardians of infants under 6 months of age are among the most vulnerable segments of the population , Sebelius has said . Adults under the age of 65 with an underlying health condition -- such as asthma -- are also considered to be more at risk from the H1N1 virus . H1N1 preparation guidelines for the nation 's businesses and school systems were released three weeks ago . The plans are available at the Web site www.flu.gov . The H1N1 vaccine would require two shots , the second three weeks after the first . Immunity to the virus would not kick in until two weeks after the second shot . The World Health Organization declared the H1N1 virus a global pandemic on June 11 . More than 1,490 people around the world have died from the virus since it emerged this spring , a WHO official said last week . CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	Panel : Up to 50 percent of U.S. population could be infected this fall , winter H1N1 , plus seasonal flu , could place "  enormous stress " on hospitals Vaccine expected in mid-October , but too late to help many , panel says Panel urges availability of some doses by mid-September
Health.com  -- Stepped-up colon-cancer screening has helped slash death rates from the disease across the U.S. in recent years , but not all regions of the country have benefited equally . According to a new study from the American Cancer Society , the drop in death rates has been considerably faster in the Northeast than in the South . In the early 1990s , the states with the highest rates of colon-cancer deaths were clustered in the Rust Belt , Mid-Atlantic region , and New England . Within a decade , the study shows , the highest rates could instead be found in the Deep South and Appalachia , thanks to sharp declines in the Northeast . Death rates in Massachusetts , Rhode Island , New York , Maine , and Connecticut all fell by 33 % or more during that 10-year span , whereas the decline was 15 % or less in six southern states , including West Virginia , Louisiana , and Alabama , according to the study . Health.com : Colon cancer : what increases your risk In Mississippi , the decrease in the death rate was n't even statistically significant , making it one of only two states  along with Wyoming  to see no measurable improvement . "  The main factor is really -LSB- that -RSB- screening rates are lower in the South compared to the Northeast , " says Ahmedin Jemal , Ph.D. , the lead author of the study and the vice president of surveillance research at the American Cancer Society , in Atlanta . Southern states are generally poorer than northern states , and they tend to have more residents without health insurance who may forgo the regular screening that experts recommend for people over age 50 , Jemal explains . And as the study notes , Southerners are also more likely to be obese and to smoke -- both known risk factors for colon cancer  also known as colorectal cancer  . Health.com : 10 states that consume too much fast food The new study , which appears in the July issue of the journal Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers & Prevention , follows on the heels of a report released Tuesday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  that highlighted nationwide gains in the fight against colon cancer . Between 2003 and 2007 , the percentage of U.S. adults ages 50 to 75 who had ever had a colonoscopy or other screening test increased from 52 to 65 % , according to the report . The benefits of the wider screening could be seen in the national death rate from the cancer , which declined from 19 to 16.7 per 100,000 inhabitants over the same period .  Jemal and his colleagues used some of the same data sources as the CDC researchers . Colon cancer screening saves lives , but more need to do it . The importance of screening is borne out by the state data in the new study , says D. Kim Turgeon , M.D. , an associate professor of gastroenterology at the University of Michigan , in Ann Arbor . In states that showed reductions in mortality rates of 20 % or more between 1990 and 2007 , she notes , at least 55 % of the target population was screened in 2004 . "  All of the states that have really changed their mortality a lot are screening more of the population , " she says . Poverty is a key factor in the regional disparities seen in the study , says Mira Katz , Ph.D. , an associate professor of health behavior and health promotion at the Ohio State University , in Columbus . Not only do poor people have less access to health care , Katz says , but they may also be getting confusing messages about screening . Colonoscopies can be prohibitively expensive if not covered by insurance , but many doctors believe they are the only acceptable option and fail to suggest fecal occult blood tests , a more affordable alternative that uses stool samples . Health.com : Which colon-cancer screening test should you get ? "  You have -LSB- a -RSB- disconnect between what people can afford because they 're uninsured , and what providers will recommend , " Katz says . "  The best colon-cancer screening test is the one that gets done . " The new findings provide more evidence that colon-cancer screening works , but for many people , the tests remain a tough sell , says Leonard Saltz , M.D. , head of colorectal oncology at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center , in New York City . "  It is hard to convince the average American to go to the doctor when he or she is healthy -- or to convince insurers that money spent on screening now not only saves lives but saves money later , " he says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Within a decade , highest rates could be found in the Deep South and Appalachia Southerners more likely to be obese and to smoke -- both known risk factors Colonoscopies can be prohibitively expensive if not covered by insurance
I 've seen death in war zones -- Afghanistan , Pakistan 's tribal region , Libya -- but never have I seen as much bloodshed as I saw in Cairo on August 14 , 2013 . It was the day Egypt 's security forces used automatic weapons , armored personal carriers and military bulldozers to raid and crush a monthlong sit-in protest by thousands of supporters of former Egyptian President Mohammed Morsy . According to a yearlong Human Rights Watch investigation released this week , at least 817 people were killed . The rights group called it "  one of the world 's largest killings of demonstrators in a single day in recent history . " Six weeks earlier , Morsy had been removed from power in a popular military coup led by his then-defense secretary , Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi . Morsy 's supporters immediately took to the streets , protesting the removal of Egypt 's first democratically elected president . The heart of the demonstrations was Rabaa Al-Adawiya , a mosque in eastern Cairo where tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered , occupying the building and an adjacent square . For weeks , Egyptian authorities ordered demonstrators to leave , then threatened to raid the massive sit-in that had mushroomed into a small town ; it included a makeshift barbershop and a kitchen that prepared thousands of ready-to-eat meals . But Morsy supporters would n't budge . Many had brought their families , even their children . This was their Tahrir Square . Then came the raid . Shortly after 7 a.m. I was awakened by a text message from one of the protesters I had interviewed earlier . "  They 're coming , " read the message . About one hour later I was at Rabaa with my team -- CNN producer Salma Abdelaziz and cameraman Ahmed Zeidan . The sit-in protest that spanned several city blocks had turned into a war zone . It looked like the end of the world . There was the incessant crack of gunfire , the anguished cries of protesters , debris-filled intersections on fire , thick smoke mixed with burning tear gas , and bodies -- lots of bodies . I lost count of how many times protesters raced past me carrying bodies wrapped in blankets . Many of them had been shot and killed . "  I saw one teenager with a wound to the head , " my producer Salma told me . "  I 'm still not sure if he was alive . " According to witnesses , security forces moved in shortly before 7 a.m. Authorities claim they used loudspeakers to warn protesters to clear out and provided two safe exits , but witnesses say police immediately opened fire and bulldozed through the camp 's tents and makeshift shelters . The front line was a major intersection where protesters erected and set on fire a heaping pile of debris to stop the advance of security forces . "  This was one of the starkest scenes I have ever seen in my life , " said Salma . "  It 's forever etched in my brain -- the scorched ruins of the Rabba square-turned no-man 's land -- between menacing black police APCs and men behind metal sheets whose greatest form of protection was the loud noise of batons beating against their makeshift barriers . It was utter chaos and bloodletting . " Egyptian authorities had justified the raid by claiming protesters had fired first with automatic weapons , killing one of eight police officer who died that day . During my 12 hours at Rabaa I never saw protesters carrying automatic weapons . At one point I saw one protester firing what looked like a homemade pistol . But the vast majority of protesters were fighting heavily armed security with clubs , rocks , and sometimes Molotov cocktails . Witnesses and rights groups dispute the government 's claims too . In its investigation , Human Rights Watch concluded that "  demonstrators fired on police in at least a few instances . " "  The killing of 817 or more protesters was clearly disproportionate to any threat to local residents , security personnel , or anyone else , " the report said . Later in the day the Interior Minister Mohamed Ibrahim said security forces had recovered 15 guns , a small number relative to the thousands of protesters at the encampment . The most lasting images of the day came from the camp 's makeshift hospital . Scores of wounded bodies were strewn on blood-smeared floors . Most of victims appeared to be shot . "  The smell is what I remember the most , " said Zeidan , my cameraman . "  I was doing my job but I was scared . I tried to keep my eye on my viewfinder and imagine that this was just a TV show . The only thing that broke through was the smell of blood . It was a massacre . " Several hours into the raid the crew from Sky News walked by and warned us that snipers on rooftops were targeting anyone wearing protective helmets . Their cameraman was the gentle giant Mick Deane , a veteran photojournalist who had worked for CNN and ITV News before joining Sky News . Later in the day I learned that Deane had been shot and killed . "  I think the security forces just got tired of seeing him there . So they decided to kill him , " Mick 's wife Daniela wrote in an opinion piece this week in the Washington Post . "  Not that I 'll ever know for sure . They 've never admitted it , of course , and the coroner 's investigation of Mick 's death the morning of Aug. 14 , 2013 , in Cairo has yielded nothing . A year later , I 've given up thinking it ever will . " Deane was months away from retiring , his wife said . By 6 p.m. , security forces had taken full control of the area , demolishing hundreds of tents and bulldozing anything in sight -- including charred remains of protesters . Thousands of protesters left in utter shock and despair . One car rolled past me with a body in the trunk . In the backseat of another car a woman cradled the body of her dead husband . On a nearby sidewalk a teenager sobbed as he knelt before his dead brother . "  I stopped a young girl in the exodus , " said Salma . "  We had done a story just the day before with her on Eid and she was dancing and singing with friends about the holiday and her love for Morsy and the  Muslim  Brotherhood . Now she was crying uncontrollably -- ` See what they have done to us ? Did you see ? ' she cried . ' " In its investigation Human Rights Watch said the killings in Rabaa were "  likely crimes against humanity " and called on the U.N. Human Rights Council to investigate more than a dozen senior Egyptian leaders , including current President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi . "  This was n't merely a case of excessive force or poor training , " said Human Rights Watch Executive Director Kenneth Roth in a statement that appeared on the group 's website . "  It was a violent crackdown planned at the highest levels of the Egyptian government . Many of the same officials are still in power in Egypt , and have a lot to answer for . " The Egyptian government rejected the report by Human Rights Watch as biased . In a statement this week , the government said it had appointed what it calls an "  independent fact-finding commission " to investigate the raid on Rabaa . The same statement said similar fact-finding commissions in Egypt had concluded , "  the dispersal of the sit-ins was conducted in accordance with the relevant international standards . "	Thursday is the anniversary of the violent crackdown on pro-Morsy protesters in Cairo Rights group : It was "  one of the world 's largest killings of demonstrators in a single day in recent history " CNN correspondent Reza Sayah recalls that day among the chaos near Rabaa Al-Adawiya mosque
CNN  -- Police have added a second charge of capital murder against an Irving , Texas , woman who allegedly told a 911 operator that she strangled her two young children because they were autistic , a spokeswoman for the district attorney said Friday . Saiqa Akhter , 30 , now faces two charges of capital murder of a child under 5 in the deaths of her 2-year-old daughter and 5-year-old son , Dallas County district attorney spokeswoman Jamille Bradfield said . A woman who identified herself as Akhter called police Monday evening and said she first tried to kill her children with bathroom cleaner , but they would not drink it . She told the 911 operator that she then strangled them with a wire and that they were on her bed . Police and paramedics tried to resuscitate the children , but Zain Akhter died at the hospital Monday , and his younger sister , Faryaal Akhter , died at the hospital Tuesday evening , according to authorities . On the tape , the woman tells the operator , "  I killed them . I killed both of them . I killed my both kids . ... They are not doing anything . They are just blue . They are not taking any breaths . Their heart is not beating . " The operator asks her what happened . "  First , I tried to give them bathroom cleaner . I put in their mouth , but they do n't drink it . I want them to drink it . They do n't drink it . ... I grabbed their neck ... and they are no more , " she says on the tape . The operator continues to talk to the woman to keep her on the phone until officers arrive . She asks why she killed her children , and the woman says she wanted normal children . "  They are autistic . I do n't want my kids to be autistic , " she is heard saying in an even tone . The operator then asks her what she is feeling , and she says "  nothing . " Akhter is being held in the Dallas County jail in lieu of $ 1 million bail . According to the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services , the Akhter family had a referral in 2009 for "  neglectful supervision . "	Saiqa Akhter , 30 , of Irving , Texas , is charged with capital murder She told the 911 operator she wanted "  normal " children Child services worked with the family in 2009 to find resources for their situation
CNN  -- Gun violence is a public health threat to our children . My husband , Sean Palfrey , and I are pediatricians . We are not specialists or experts in the field of injuries , but we are , sadly , all too familiar with the devastating impact of guns in children 's lives . Firearms have claimed the lives of patients , friends and family members . The shooting this week of a 6-year-old boy by his 4-year-old neighbor , who apparently had gotten hold of a loaded .22 - caliber rifle from his home in New Jersey , reminds us that gun-related tragedies are daily occurrences in America . Last December , in the days after the school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , my husband and I wanted the public to know that gun injuries are too common in our children 's lives . We wanted doctors and nurses to redouble efforts to help families decrease the threat that guns pose to children and to offer hope and encouragement that there really are positive things we can do to increase our children 's safety . So we wrote an article for the New England Journal of Medicine For the article , we did n't have to look far to discover that guns are as much a threat to our children and grandchildren as infectious diseases and other health disorders . According to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 6,570 people ages 1 to 24 died from firearm injuries in 2010 . That 's 18 people every day and a staggering seven a day for children ages 1 to 19 . In 2010 , firearms caused twice as many deaths as cancer , five times as many as heart disease and 15 times as many as the recorded infections . Protecting children from gun violence is not a political decision , it 's a public health imperative . Guns kill teenagers who get into scuffles over weighty and trivial matters . They kill sad boys and girls who make the impulsive decision to end it all right now , and can because they have the lethal means right in their hands . And they kill little children who play act what they see adults doing around them or on television or the internet . In October , a committee of the American Academy of Pediatrics issued a policy statement on firearm-related injuries . The statement included technical background research and statistics , asked questions about how and why kids get their hands on guns and came to the evidence-based conclusion that if children have access to guns in their homes or neighborhoods , they are at risk of injury . Here is what the AAP recommended "  The best preventive measure against firearm injuries and deaths is not to own a gun . However , if you choose to have firearms in your home , adhere to these rules for gun safety : • Never allow your child access to your gun  s  . No matter how much instruction you may give him or her , a youngster in the middle years is not mature and responsible enough to handle a potentially lethal weapon . • Never keep a loaded gun in the house or the car . • Guns and ammunition should be locked away safely in separate locations in the house . Make sure children do n't have access to the keys . • Guns should be equipped with trigger locks . • When using a gun for hunting or target practice , learn how to operate it before loading it . Never point the gun at another person and keep the safety catch in place until you are ready to fire it . Before setting the gun down , always unload it . • Do not use alcohol or drugs while you are shooting . The massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School has awakened our nation into action . It prompted our president to declare that "  now is the time " to end gun violence . It encouraged our elected leaders to come together to vote on legislation that can make children feel safe in their homes , school and communities . It mobilized advocates and parents to come to Washington . It spurred dialogue in local and national media . We are at a tipping point . And we can do this . We have increased automobile and bike safety and prevented drownings and poisonings by making simple but strict rules compelling Americans to change their habits . We can make our country safer , but only if we work together . Only if we look at these numbers and say : Enough . Gun violence is an epidemic that we can treat over time . We must not only understand this , we must act . Through strong state and federal gun safety policies , through research into the causes and prevention strategies of gun violence , through doctors talking to patients about guns in the home , through reducing children 's exposure to violence in the media , in their homes and in their communities , we can do this . Medical professionals , clergy , government officials , police officers , families must collectively say , without relent or apology : We must protect our children . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Judith Palfrey .	Judith Palfrey : Gun violence a health threat to kids ; New Jersey shooting is an example She says 6,570 people ages 1 to 24 died from firearm injuries in 2010 She says Americans must commit to gun laws to keep kids safe Palfrey : We need simple , strict rules to get Americans to change their habits on guns
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A passenger on the Air Canada flight in which a young Asian man boarded disguised as an elderly man says she tried to warn the crew about the mask but was rebuffed . Nuray Kurtur-Balas said she approached three flight attendants before take-off from Hong Kong , but nothing was done . "  I thought he was going to harm the plane , " Kurtur-Balas , 35 , told CNN . "  I kept my iPhone in my pocket to call my family if something happened . " Officials said the man apparently boarded the plane wearing the mask and removed the disguise during a trip to the plane 's restroom while it was in flight . In a statement e-mailed to CNN , Air Canada spokesman Peter Fitzgerald said , "  Our crew took the necessary measures in-flight to ensure that CBSA  Canada Border Services Agency  authorities met the aircraft at the gate upon landing . " Kurtur-Balas , a clothing retail production manager , contacted CNN after reading an article about the incident and provided a copy of her boarding pass to confirm she was on the flight . The incident was so bizarre that when she returned home and told her husband what happened , he did n't believe her . "  He said , ` You are watching too much ` CSI ' and ` Criminal Minds , ' " she said . The incident happened on October 29 , which coincidentally , was her 35th birthday . The Asian man in his early 20s boarded the Air Canada flight from Hong Kong wearing an elaborate silicone mask of an elderly man , according to an alert from the Canada Border Services Agency . After the plane landed in Vancouver , he was questioned by officers from the agency . The man requested refugee protection and admitted that he boarded the flight in the disguise . Chuck Strahl , the Canadian Minister of Transport , Infrastructure and Communities , said both Canadian authorities and Air Canada are conducting investigations into the incident . "  Obviously , we are very concerned about what happened and will be taking whatever steps are necessary to make sure it does n't happen again , " Strahl said . Kurtur-Balas said she was returning from a business trip in Hong Kong and first noticed the man when she was walking to the restroom before the flight took off . She said she was 10 rows in front of him . He was sitting in a middle seat near one of the restrooms , she said , and the crew was trying to get him to stand up so another passenger could get to her window seat . "  The lady was trying to get to her window seat , but he would n't move , " Kurtur-Balas told CNN . "  He would n't move or understand what people were saying . Two flight attendants were trying to talk to him . I was standing there trying to go to the restroom . Finally , he stood up , and he came towards me and I just showed him with my finger where he was supposed to sit . " When she left the restroom , she said , she noticed that he was wearing a mask and that his hands appeared much younger . "  It was n't a real person 's skin . It looked plastic , " she told CNN . I said to the flight attendant , ` Did you check out that person 's hands ? They seem like they belong to a 20-year-old kid . There are no wrinkles . ' She said ` good observation . ' " After not getting a response , she said she spoke to a second flight attendant . "  Did you check it out ? I 'm feeling nervous going on this flight , " she said she told the attendant . "  He said ` We 'll look into it , ' then again nobody said anything . " Finally , she said , she spoke to a third flight attendant before the plane departed Hong Kong . The attendant told her the man had not done anything wrong and explained he may have a medical condition . "  I was thinking the whole time he was wearing a mask , " Kurtur-Balas said . "  Why would somebody wear a mask if they have a medical issue ? " "  I was thinking he was going to blow the plane up . I know it sounds crazy , but that 's what I thought , " she said . "  I would n't feel nervous if he was just a guy trying to go to Canada and file to become a refugee . " Kutur-Balas said she kept looking back at the man during the flight , but after several hours , she said his seat was empty and she did n't see him . About half way through the flight , she said attendants seated a young Asian man in the empty seat next to her . She said the man was wearing a striped blue shirt . Photos of the Asian man with and without the disguise were contained in the alert from the Canada Border Services Agency about the incident . She said she could not be sure , but it could have been the same man who was moved next to her during the flight . "  The flight attendant said this guy 's seat was not working so they sat him right next to me in the middle seat , " she said . After the plane landed , she did not see the man again . Last week , when she was downloading the CNN App for iPhone , she read the article about the disguised man . "  I said , ` Oh my God , this is the guy I saw on the plane . ' My husband said , ` Are you serious ? ' I said , ' I told you I was n't crazy . " '	Nuray Kurtur-Balas says "  elderly " man had the hands of "  a 20-year-old kid " A flight attendant said the man did nothing wrong , she says Air Canada : The crew took "  necessary measures "
Students at the University of South Florida will be soaring to new academic heights , with drones . College students will be getting their hands on more than just books at USF come the fall semester . The Tampa campus plans to offer remote-controlled drones for students to check out for school-related projects . It 's a bold move considering that more places are starting to limit the access of drones , including the National Park Service , which announced a temporary ban on the use of drones on Friday . The NPS announcement basically bars the access of unmanned devices to 84 million acres of land in the U.S. Yet , USF is taking a different approach to drones , making the technology more accessible to its students . The library purchased two drones with some leftover money from a grant to remodel its facility with new technology . These drones are capable of taking aerial video and photography . The library 's hope is to integrate new technology to its services . In the past year , the library has worked to expand its "  Digital Media Commons " in an effort to promote digital learning . Now , USF 's library is taking it a step further by giving students the opportunity to operate the drones , which are valued at $ 1,500 apiece . Learn how to shoot amazing videos with drones Dean of USF Libraries Bill Garrison says the drones could be a great resource for students working on multimedia projects , and sees the program working in conjunction with other departments at the university . "  We have a global sustainability program , and they are mapping out the campus to see energy usage , so they can use the drones to help map out the campus , " he explained . "  There are a lot of opportunities for research and learning by using drones . And the faculty can use it , too . " Flying these drones will not be as simple as swiping a library card , though . Students will need to enroll in a training course before they can check out the equipment . They 'll also be required to provide an explanation on how the drone will be utilized in a school project , and they must be supervised by a faculty member while operating it around the campus . As of now , the program aims to keep the drones on USF 's campus unless a professor makes the case for an exception , and students will be liable for any damages to the equipment . Garrison says the move to introduce drones to the school 's library service is part of a larger effort to stay relevant on campus by providing more digital learning tools . "  One of the things many libraries have struggled with is how do you become a real part of the campus and not be viewed as a book warehouse , " he said . "  I find it very exciting that we are able to do this , and I think the students will appreciate it . "	University of South Florida will let students checkout drones at its library . The drone rental programs aims to give students access to more technology . Remote-controlled drones will be flown on campus with faculty supervision .
Greenville , South Carolina  CNN  -- Some are girlish 22-year-olds ; others are women approaching 40 . They come from South Carolina 's rural counties and its booming cities . They are loud and muted , lively and vacant , hopeful and desperate . As different as they are , they share a connection to two powerful forces : their addictions and their babies . They are swallowed by the same shameful past . They do n't know if they can be good mothers . They do n't know if they can be clean mothers . They 're here at a state-run drug-treatment program to learn how to do both . On this summer day , Ashley Hendrix , 24 , is eight months pregnant with her first child and one of 16 women at the Phoenix Center 's Serenity Place . This is her last shot to get clean -- or face jail . South Carolina 's state supreme court is alone in upholding the prosecution of pregnant women for the damage drugs might do to their unborn children . Across the country , local and state agencies have found ways to prosecute pregnant women for drug use , but the cases are often rejected by the courts . And judges in more than two dozen states have overturned decisions that criminalize pregnant addicts . In recent years , Missouri and North Dakota have ruled against charging pregnant women with neglect and endangerment . Illegal substances -- marijuana , methamphetamine , cocaine and prescription drugs -- consumed Hendrix for more than a decade . "  To this day , I still cry about it , " she said , "  that if anything does come out wrong with my baby , I know that my drug use is the reason why . Since 1989 , at least 126 women in South Carolina have been arrested during their pregnancies , according to the National Advocates for Pregnant Women . Most were charged with drug and alcohol use that posed harm to the fetus the woman was carrying . During the same period , only about 80 pregnant women were arrested on similar charges in all other states combined . "  Word on the street " in South Carolina , says Stephen Donaldson , program manager of a drug-treatment facility in Charleston County , "  is if you use during pregnancy , you 're being prosecuted or you 're losing your baby . " Over the last 15 years , that message has driven many women to Serenity Place , a residential treatment center designed for pregnant women and new mothers . Here , the ultimate goal is to help the women recover from their addiction but Serenity also strives to give the women the confidence to become better mothers . They want the women to know there are second chances , and there is hope . "  I 'm grateful everyday for being here and I 'm grateful to have my baby with me , " says a freckled Kim Clark , 28 , who gave birth to her son Jaelyn at the center . "  I 've been using drugs since I was 11 years old . I did n't know any other life . And I 've learned a lot about myself . I 've been taught things here . " She graduated in August , has her own apartment now and works to support herself and her son . Some women arrive here voluntarily . Others were sent by the state 's Department of Social Services . Others made a plea bargain with the courts , allowing them one last chance at treatment to avoid prison . "  My biggest fear was the -LSB- health of the -RSB- baby , but right behind that was that ` I 'm going to go to jail ' , " says Sandria Doremus , one of Hendrix ' classmates at Serenity . Afraid of being turned in for her opiate addiction , she delayed getting prenatal care . "  I should have gone in a lot sooner , " she admits . Doremus , 37 , arrived at Serenity after a hospital reported her drug use to law enforcement officials , as required by law . She has sandy blond hair and warm blue eyes that open up her leathered face . She cuddled her 8-month-old son , Matthew , when CNN visited the center in July . Born with heroin in his system , Matthew was placed on methadone . Today , he is healthy , but studies show drug-exposed babies can face developmental delays and learning disabilities in later years . Watch the women of Serenity Place share their story " In 1997 , the South Carolina Supreme Court ruled that a fetus in the third trimester was viable and charges of child abuse , neglect and murder could apply to the mother . Some treatment providers and advocacy experts say this ruling opened the door for prosecutors to charge pregnant women . "  These are addicts who become pregnant , " says Lynn Paltrow , executive director of the National Advocates for Pregnant Women . "  They are n't women who chose to use drugs after becoming pregnant . " ` If I did n't have pills , I felt like I had nothing ' Hendrix 's drug addiction started long before her pregnancy . She was born into a world of drugs . She says her mother was an addict , her father a violent alcoholic who once held a shotgun to her grandmother 's head . Hendrix 's grandparents rescued her at age 3 by taking her into their home in rural Union , South Carolina . She has fond memories of her grandfather , but one morning , shortly after her 12th birthday , Hendrix watched her 54-year-old grandfather die from a heart attack . The innocent girl started experimenting with drugs , partly because she could n't cope with her feelings , she says , but mostly to fit in . By the time she turned 18 , marijuana use gave way to cocaine and methamphetamine . Then she discovered prescription painkillers : Lortab . OxyContin . Percocet . "  It was n't even about being high anymore . It was just being able to cope with everyday life , " Hendrix says . "  If I did n't have the pills , I felt like I had nothing . " Hendrix could no longer leave bed without the painkillers . Her routine consisted of melting OxyContin pills with water , placing the mixture into a syringe and shooting up , even during her pregnancy . By April of this year , she was six months pregnant and on probation for stealing jewelry to feed her drug habit . She took herself to Serenity Place . Tucked alongside empty factories in a once-thriving textile district , the center looks more like a college dormitory inside than a sterile treatment center . Homemade posters , photo collages and cards congratulating the women for giving birth are strewn along the hallways . There is a communal kitchen and colorful playgrounds . Research shows women who remain with their children during treatment have better chances of defeating their addictions . But a national study in 2005 found that only 3 percent of treatment centers had programs tailored specifically to pregnant women . About 14 percent of treatment centers accepted pregnant or postpartum women . The women at Serenity Place follow a rigid schedule that includes therapy , parenting classes and chores . They are n't allowed phone calls or the freedom to surf the Internet without permission . Security cameras guard all exits . The structure can be particularly hard for addicts who grew up in dysfunctional households with few rules . Women spend on average six months in treatment . If a woman violates the rules , she can be removed from the program . On some occasions , women have walked out of the center , leaving their newborns behind . Why prosecute ? Why should addicted women be given a chance at motherhood ? What about the welfare of the children ? These are the questions asked by South Carolina prosecutors , known as solicitors general . Several solicitors general contacted by CNN declined to comment on how many such cases they have prosecuted , but they say that charging pregnant women has become less common in the state . Bob Ariail , solicitor of Greenville , says his district 's policy is a far cry from the 1990s , when then-South Carolina Attorney General Charlie Condon , an anti-abortion advocate , publicly declared he would aggressively crack down on pregnant mothers accused of substance abuse . Condon often referred to a fetus as his "  fellow South Carolinian . " Despite several phone calls by CNN , Condon , who is now a private lawyer in South Carolina , could not be reached for comment . In his two decades as a Democratic state representative , Joe Neal of Columbia , South Carolina , has pushed for more drug treatment funding , an effort he says has little chance in these tough economic times . "  Drug treatment ? " says Neal . "  South Carolina 's response to addiction has been incarceration not treatment . " But Wanda McMichael , manager of women 's services at Serenity Place , knows treatment can be beneficial . She guides women like Hendrix and the others through that process . Some who graduated from the program when it began in 1993 still remain clean . "  What 's the other alternative if they do n't come here ? " says McMichael . "  It 's prison . That costs more than treatment , but a lot of people do n't know that . If these women do n't get this treatment , they are going to die . " A healthy baby , a new hope Most of the women at Serenity Place say they were little girls the first time they used drugs , some as young as 8 . Many could not recall what sobriety felt like until they came to the center . Hendrix says her own mother was 15 when she gave birth to her and then abandoned her . "  She was real pretty . Blond hair , pale skin like me , " Hendrix says . "  I have her nose and lips . She just did n't respect herself . " Hendrix does n't want to be like her mother . Her son , who was born July 24 , is healthy . In August , Hendrix left Serenity for an intensive outpatient treatment program , and she and her baby live with her grandmother in Union . Of the 16 women enrolled in Serenity in July , half have graduated , program directors say . Six continue receiving treatment and two have left the center . Three women are on a waiting list to get in , including one who is pregnant . Hendrix hopes to get her GED and enroll in the University of South Carolina to study psychology next year . "  I am happy today , " she says , "  and that 's something I have n't felt in a long time . "  My grandmother . My baby . They make me happy . But you know , it 's not about them , jail or none of that anymore . That all changed . I am doing this for me . "	Serenity Place in South Carolina caters treatment programs to pregnant addicts South Carolina has been known to prosecute women in their third trimester A pregnant Ashley Hendrix sought treatment earlier this year for her addiction "  If these women do n't get this treatment , they are going to die , " a counselor says
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Sectarian violence flared up Saturday in Londonderry as Protestants continued their annual marching season in this predominantly Catholic city in Northern Ireland . Violence erupted earlier in the day in the city -- also known as Derry to some residents -- when masked youths attacked police vehicles with petrol bombs and a pipe bomb , setting fire to and hijacking a number of vehicles . The clashes followed the annual Apprentice Boys ' parade , when about 10,000 Protestants marched in remembrance of the 1689 anniversary of the siege of Derry by England 's Catholic ruler James II . Police said protesters hurled several dozen petrol bombs early Saturday and a mail van was later hijacked and set on fire as the main parade started . The Police Service of Northern Ireland warned members of the public to avoid the area . Three people have been charged in connection with the disorder , with several more arrested , police said . The area was later reported quiet , with local sources describing the earlier violence as "  sustained rioting during a short period of time . " However , there was further sporadic violence later in the evening . Derry 's hard-line Catholic , republican-nationalist groups opposed to the Irish peace process have reacted violently in previous years to these annual Protestant marches , seeing them as provocations . Protestant groups claim they have the right to follow their centuries-old tradition . There was rioting earlier in the summer with some of the worst violence in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast following a parade by the main Protestant marching organisation , the Orange Order . The province suffered decades of violence known locally as the Troubles , in which more than 3,500 people were killed before a 1998 peace accord known as the Good Friday Agreement . The Troubles pitted mostly Catholic republicans , who want the province to become part of the Republic of Ireland , against pro-British loyalists , who are mostly Protestant . This year has been one of the most violent since the Good Friday Agreement .	Protestants march in Londonderry , a predominantly Catholic city Masked youths attack police vehicles Sporadic violence continues into the evening
CNN  -- Ever gotten on a plane and wound up in the wrong city ? How about the wrong continent ? According to a Los Angeles Times report , that 's the travel nightmare story Sandy Valdivieso and her husband , Triet Vo , will get to tell for the rest of their lives . The couple boarded a flight in Los Angeles booked by Turkish Airways , intending to travel to Dakar , Senegal , in western Africa . Instead , they got off the plane in Dhaka , Bangladesh , in South Asia , almost 7,000 miles away . The culprit was apparently a mix-up between the similarly pronounced cities and the three-letter code used by airlines to distinguish airports . The three-letter airport code on the tickets issued to the couple by the airline read DAC , the code for the airport in Dhaka . The code for the airport in Dakar is DKR . The couple simply assumed that DAC was the code for their airport . "  Even after they 'd settled into their seats -- 33A and 33B in economy class -- they had no idea anything was amiss , " according to the Times . "  When the flight attendant said we were heading to Dhaka , we believed that this was how you pronounced ` Dakar ' with a Turkish accent , " Valdivieso told the Times . After connecting through Istanbul , the weary couple fell asleep on their next flight . When they awoke they began sensing a problem when they looked around to see a plane full of Asian faces , not African ones . A check of the inflight video map confirmed their fears . "  That 's when we knew a serious mistake had been made , " Valdivieso told the Times . After landing in Dhaka , the airline flew the couple to Dakar via Istanbul , about a six-hour trip . It took two more days for the pair 's baggage to catch up to them . The couple booked their tickets in December ; the report did n't say when they traveled .	Couple intends to fly to Africa , goes to Asia instead Mix-up blamed on three-letter airport codes Travelers confirmed nightmare on in-flight video map
CNN  -- A U.N. investigator accused Kenyan police of widespread extrajudicial killings , and called Wednesday for the removal of the East African nation 's police commissioner and its attorney general . Philip Alston called for Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki  pictured  to fire the police commissioner . "  Killings by the police in Kenya are systematic , widespread and carefully planned . They are committed at will and with utter impunity , " U.N. Special Rapporteur Philip Alston said in a written statement on his preliminary findings after his visit to the country . The Kenyan government said it rejected Alston 's findings . "  The government finds it inconceivable that someone who has been in the country for less than ten days can purport to have conducted comprehensive and accurate research on such a serious matter , as to arrive at the recommendations he made , " government spokesman Alfred Matua said in a written statement . He said the government was concerned Alston made "  such far-reaching conclusions and recommendations on the basis of his interim report , " and said the findings were released without government response . Alston said he heard "  overwhelming " testimony of the killings , which he said occurred regularly . The police commissioner and other senior Kenyan police officials denied the accusations , he said . The police may kill for personal reasons , for extortion or for ransom , Alston said . He added , "  Often they kill in the name of crime control , but in circumstances where they could readily make an arrest . He cited as an example James Ng ` ang ' a Kariuki Muiruri , 29 , whom he said police shot and killed last month in the capital , Nairobi . "  After a disagreement at a hotel , a police officer stopped the car James and his brother were in , and ordered James to handcuff himself . When he asked why he was being arrested , James was shot three times , " Alson said in the news release . "  The only exceptional things about the case were that James was the son of a former Member of Parliament , and the incident had been witnessed , " he said . Alston said there was no accountability for the alleged police killings ; there is no independent police internal affairs unit . He called for Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki to fire the police commissioner . "  Any serious commitment to ending the impunity that currently reigns in relation to the widespread and systematic killings by the police should begin with the immediate dismissal of the police commissioner . In the absence of such a step it will be impossible to conclude that there is a strong commitment at the very top to deal with this problem . " As for Attorney General Amos Wako , Alston 's comments were severe , and he called for his resignation . "  Mr. Wako is the embodiment in Kenya of the phenomenon of impunity . " Alston also accused government security forces of torturing and killing hundreds of men in a March 2008 crackdown on a militia in the Mt. Elgon district , in western Kenya . And he said there was compelling evidence that what he called police death squads were operating in Nairobi and Central Province with a mandate to "  exterminate " suspected Mungiki gang members . "  These are not ` rogue ' squads , but police who are acting on the explicit orders of their superiors , " he said . The Mungiki militia , which are loyal to Kibaki 's Kikuyu tribe , began as a religious sect , but over the years has morphed into a gang that runs protection rackets -- particularly in the slums . The U.N. investigator suggested Kibaki acknowledge the alleged police killings and commit to stop them . He also advocated that an independent civilian police oversight body be created , and said the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court should investigate violence after the 2007 election . He also said the government should create a witness protection program . Alston traveled to Kenya after the government invited him , staying from February 15 until Wednesday . He will issue a final report of his findings , but it was not immediately clear when it would be released .	U.N. investigator alleges widespread killings by police Investigator says there is no accountability for alleged killings Calls for resignation of attorney general , police commissioner Police , military deny accusations
CNN  -- Try writing a post seeking comment on whether embattled NFL star Ray Rice could ultimately be forgiven and watch your social network streams light up with a fair amount of outrage questioning how you could even suggest such a thing . It is definitely not politically correct to ask if a man seen on a hotel surveillance video knocking out his then-fiancÃ © e and dragging her from an elevator could one day face redemption . But many other superstar athletes -- from Michael Vick , who was convicted of bankrolling a dog fighting ring , to Tiger Woods , who was divorced by his wife after several allegations of infidelity -- were forgiven by fans and the public . Could -- or should -- the same thing happen with Rice , a 27-year-old running back recently released by the Baltimore Ravens ? There are signs some are already giving Rice a second chance . In his first public appearance since being suspended indefinitely by the NFL -- a suspension the NFL players ' union appealed on his behalf -- he attended a football game Saturday at his high school alma mater in his hometown of New Rochelle , New York . Janay Rice , now his wife , was by his side , and his 2-year-old daughter sat on his shoulders for some of the game . "  Ray is a part of our family and a part of this program , and that 's why I 'm very happy that he 's here today , " said the team 's coach , Lou DiRienzo , according to The Journal News . "  He made a mistake -- and he made a very terrible mistake -- but I know the character of the man , and he will rise from this . " At the Ravens ' first game of the season , several fans , including women , wore Rice 's No. 27 jersey . One , Lauren Brown , told CNN 's Erin Burnett on "  OutFront , " "  He is human and people make mistakes . " What it will take for the larger public to agree with that sentiment and forgive Rice comes down to two questions , according to Patrick Wanis , a human behavior expert . "  One  is  how much do we actually like the person already ? The second is what did we just see ? If we see the results of the beating , we react more harshly , " Wanis said . For instance , he points to the condemnation of singer Chris Brown after the photo of Rihanna 's bloody face surfaced . Brown ultimately pleaded guilty in June 2009 to assaulting his then-girlfriend on the eve of the Grammys . "  When we see the bruises , the cuts , the bleeding , the scars , we feel a lot more pain , therefore we respond with a lot more anger , " Wanis said . "  We have anger that says this situation needs resolving . " Besides the brutality of the video that has now been seen by millions , Rice faces other challenges should he ultimately seek forgiveness , domestic violence experts and women and men around the country said : answering the questions of whether a man who hit his partner and knocked her out will do it again and whether he can ultimately change . Katie Ray-Jones , president and chief executive officer of the National Domestic Violence Hotline , said a man who hits his wife can stop if there is "  an honest willingness to change and diligence applied to the process of changing . " That means taking full responsibility for his actions and seeking help , said Ray-Jones . If Rice does that , he could be given a second chance , she said . "  Abusers deserve to be forgiven , especially if they make changes in their life that allows them to live a life free from continuing to be verbally , physically and/or sexually abusive , " said Ray-Jones . "  We at the hotline would n't be doing what we do if we did n't feel that people can make change . However , change is difficult . " Jamie Berndt , a mom of four from Hilton Head , South Carolina , said forgiveness on the part of the public could be possible for Rice but not just because time passes or he apologizes . "  Forgiveness comes when a person shows genuine remorse over and over , tries to do better over and over , " she said on Facebook . "  It is trying to live right because that is right , not because one gains something in return . " Tish Howard , a retired elementary school principal in Fredericksburg , Virginia , said forgiving does not mean condoning Rice 's actions . "  Ray Rice was wrong , needs consequences , counseling and ultimately forgiveness . He needs deep counseling , not talking heads on TV . " For others , the fact that Rice 's wife , Janay , has forgiven him means the public can and should forgive him , too . "  I personally think what he did is despicable , " said Scott Eddi of New York . "  However , we are not his spouse . So ultimately if his wife has shown grace to forgive him ... all we can do is support him . We all have done things in our past that we realize are wrong . The goal is to change and influence others to amend their behavior . " Lisa Abrams , a self-described "  huge Ravens fan " from Baltimore who admits it 's hard to be objective , said she believes Rice may be a scapegoat for other problems affecting the NFL . "  What Rice did was horrific , but he is now paying a penalty , not for his actions but for the NFL being embarrassed by not having punished him appropriately in the first place , " she said . "  Everyone deserves a second chance . He has done so much good in our community and is doing all the things that have been asked of him legally and by the league in retribution . " But others said they believe Rice 's actions can never be forgiven . "  From what I 've heard and read , I would n't forgive him , " said a woman on CNN Living 's Facebook page . "  He hit his wife ! I just do n't find him a man worthy of my respect . Better yet , any man who lays a hand on a woman is not worthy of respect . " What do you think ? Do you think Ray Rice can or should be forgiven ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	NFL players ' union has appealed Ray Rice 's indefinite suspension from the NFL Many fans , including women , wore Rice 's number at the Ravens ' season opener Rice 's likability is a factor in whether the public will ultimately forgive him , expert says Another factor , experts say , is the impact of what people saw Rice do in surveillance video
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Tehran 's Revolutionary Court sentenced 11 people to death after convicting them of participating in post-election riots , state media reported Thursday . Two of the sentences have been carried out ; the rest are under appeal , the Iranian Students News Agency said , quoting a court official . These are the first executions known to be related to the post-election violence that erupted across Iran in June and has continued since , Amnesty International said in a statement condemning the hangings . But a lawyer for one of the men executed on Thursday disputed a key part of the official report . "  Both of these men were arrested two months before the elections and they were in prison until their sentences were carried out . So how can someone who 's in prison take part in protests ? " asked Nasrin Sotoudeh , a Tehran-based human rights lawyer who represented Arash Rahmanipour , one of two men hanged Thursday . Full coverage of the protests in Iran His father had been scheduled to visit Rahmanipour on the day of the execution , and learned only from a TV report that his son was dead , Sotoudeh said , describing the family as "  extremely upset and shocked . " "  Arash called his home two nights ago  Tuesday night  -- two nights before the sentence was carried out , and at that point Arash had no idea that his sentence was about to be carried out , " she said . She said the hanging violated Iranian law . "  The entire process , the investigation , the trial , the handing down of the sentence and the carrying out of the sentence , were done illegally and in secret , " she told CNN by phone . "  Arash 's family and I did not have his case file . A sentence must first be announced to the defendant and his lawyer and only then can it be carried out , but this sentence was never announced to Arash or myself . " She said he had been forced to confess . "  He told me his pregnant sister had been arrested , too , " she said . "  In two sessions where he was interrogated , they placed his sister in front of him and told him if he wanted to see her free he had to admit to things he did n't do . " Rahmanipour 's sister was later released from prison but lost the baby due to stress , Sotoudeh said . Rahmanipour , 20 , was charged with being a mohareb , or enemy of God , and being a member of Anjoman-e Padeshahi-e Iran  API  , a banned anti-regime monarchist group , his lawyer said . Amnesty International condemned the execution of Rahmanipour and the other man executed Thursday , Mohammad Reza Ali-Zamani . "  These men were first unfairly convicted and now they have been unjustly killed . It is not even clear they had links to this group , as their ` confessions ' appear to have been made under duress , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa deputy director . The court said the defendants were convicted of "  waging war against God , trying to overthrow the Islamic government " and membership in armed and anti-revolutionary groups . Anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed June 12 presidential vote , which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi . Late December marked the deadliest clashes in Iran since initial protests broke out in the summer . At least seven people were killed and hundreds were arrested , witnesses said , as they took to the streets on Ashura , which occurred on December 27 . The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone and has blamed reformists for the violence .	Eleven rioters sentenced to death for post-election riots , according to Iranian press Two of the sentences have been carried out ; the rest are under appeal , ISNA said Anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed June 12 presidential vote Witnesses said hundreds of protesters were arrested on the Ashura holy day on December 27
Libya 's justice minister held a "  cordial " meeting with U.S. Ambassador Deborah Jones on the capture of alleged al Qaeda operative Abu Anas al Libi by American forces over the weekend in Tripoli , two senior State Department officials said Tuesday . The session was "  all very cordial albeit with concerns , " one of the officials said . The meeting had previously been described as a "  summoning , " a more formal diplomatic term frequently used when one country wants to express displeasure with another . Libya 's General National Congress on Tuesday demanded that U.S. officials hand over al Libi , spokesman Omar Hmidan said . He also demanded that Libyan authorities and al Libi 's family have access to him in the meantime . The developments come as 200 heavily armed U.S. Marines headed to an Italian naval base , poised to fly at a moment 's notice to Libya should the U.S. Embassy come under assault from angry crowds in the wake of al Libi 's capture . U.S. Army Delta Force soldiers captured al Libi this weekend in Tripoli . He is accused of playing a role in the 1998 U.S. Embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania . The deployment , which began Monday , was made in coordination with the State Department , a military official told CNN . The official called the move a "  prudent measure " after the U.S. military raid to capture al Libi . The Marines are part of a 500-member unit formed after the 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi that left Ambassador Christopher Stevens and two other U.S. citizens dead . Military forces were not close enough to respond to that attack . The official said they were being moved along with three V-22 Osprey aircraft capable of delivering them and their supplies to Libya , which lies about 328 miles  528 kilometers  across the Mediterranean Sea . What the terror raids say about an ` Obama Doctrine ' Al Libi Interrogation On Monday , al Libi was on a U.S. Navy warship , where he was being questioned by a high-value detainee interrogation group -- an FBI-led team with intelligence experts from the CIA and other agencies -- which is determining whether he has information about al Qaeda operations , future attacks or the whereabouts of known associates , U.S. officials have said . A Defense Department statement says he is being held "  lawfully under the law of war in a secure location outside of Libya . " It is unclear how long he will be interrogated , but U.S. officials have said he will be transferred to New York for trial . The 49-year-old alleged al Qaeda operative is accused of playing a role in the 1998 U.S. Embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania that killed 224 people and wounded about 4,000 more . He was indicted in the Southern District of New York in the embassy bombings and in connection with his alleged roles in al Qaeda conspiracies to attack U.S. forces in Saudi Arabia , Yemen and Somalia . Wife : al Libi no longer with al Qaeda Civilian trial President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder have previously said they prefer to try individuals such as al Libi in American courts . Al Libi is n't on alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed 's level , so do n't expect the same hullabaloo over U.S. plans to try the Libyan terror suspect on American soil , legal experts said Monday . "  He will be brought back to the United States and tried in a federal criminal courtroom , " CNN senior analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  Obama 's trying to close Guantanamo , not add prisoners . " And unlike previous cases , such as Mohammed 's , "  I really do n't think there 's going to be too much protest or concern or worry if they proceed that way , " said James Forest , a professor and the director of security studies at the University of Massachusetts Lowell . "  I honestly do n't think he has the name-brand recognition , shall we say , of a Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , " Forest said . In the past , terrorism suspects captured on American soil generally have been tried in federal courts -- such as Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab , the would-be "  undiebomber " who tried unsuccessfully to set off a bomb on a U.S.-bound jetliner in 2009 ; attempted Times Square bomber Faisal Shahzad ; or 9/11 co-conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui . It 's "  murky territory " when a fugitive is nabbed overseas by American forces , said Forest , a former director of terrorism studies at West Point . But "  my hunch is they 'll probably go the criminal route . " When the White House in 2009 proposed trying Mohammed and four other 9/11 suspects in Manhattan , the plan was met with staunch criticism from Republican leaders who said such a trial would be costly and asserted that the five terror suspects -- none of whom was an American citizen -- did n't deserve the rights and protections civilian courts afford defendants . In 2011 , Holder begrudgingly announced that the five suspected conspirators ' fates would be decided via military tribunals at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , prompting backlash from Democrats and human rights groups who painted the tribunals as untested , flawed and the likely subject of numerous legal challenges . "  Had this case proceeded in Manhattan or in an alternative venue in the United States , as I seriously explored in the past year , I am confident that our justice system would have performed with the same distinction that has been its hallmark for over 200 years , " Holder said at the time . Al Libi 's case should not raise the same issues , Toobin said , because , as the suspected 9/11 mastermind , Mohammed was "  in a separate category from everyone else in the world . " While the United States considers al Libi a dangerous terrorist , neither he nor his crimes are as well-known as Mohammed 's , Toobin said . As for al Libi 's interrogation , Toobin noted that there is no indication he is being tortured and that if al Libi were subjected to enhanced interrogation techniques , the U.S. government has been clear that "  they will not use the results of torture like waterboarding in any criminal case . " "  The government obviously believes he 's a very dangerous person , captured in a dangerous part of the world , and he needs to be isolated and brought back to the United States , " Toobin said . But Forest questioned how much valuable intelligence al Libi would be able to provide his captors . A former jihadist associate told CNN it was unlikely that he was still playing an active role with the terrorist network , and his wife said he had been living a normal life and was seeking a job with the Libyan oil ministry . "  Who knows if he 's really up to speed on anything useful these days ? " Forest asked . Opinion : Good thing U.S. terrorist hunters were n't furloughed	Libya 's General National Congress demands return of al Libi , spokesman says Meeting between Libyan , U.S. officials "  cordial , " State Department officials say 200 U.S. Marines go to an Italian naval base , poised to fly to Libya , if needed American forces captured al Libi over weekend in Tripoli , transferred him out of Libya
CNN  -- Australia 's National Rugby League apologized on Tuesday for the behavior of its players after ABC 's "  Four Corners " current-affairs program revealed allegations of group sex in 2002 between players and a New Zealand woman . Two other women told the program they were sexually abused by NRL players . Former Cronulla player Matthew Johns said he was unable to say "  sorry enough " regarding the incident "  Violence against women is abhorrent , and sexual assault and the degradation of women is just that , " said David Gallop , the NRL 's chief executive . "  So much of what we saw -LSB- during Monday night 's program -RSB- was fundamentally indefensible . And if anyone in the game today is ignoring the importance of that message , then frankly they will need to find another career . " The allegations of group sex involved NRL personality Matthew Johns , who played for Cronulla at the time of the alleged incident in Christchurch , New Zealand . Watch more on the scandal " Johns was suspended indefinitely by the Nine Network on Wednesday . "  The fact is , whatever the arguments about the details of the New Zealand incident involving Cronulla players in 2002 , the conduct and its aftermath was simply unacceptable , full stop , " David Gyngell , Nine 's chief executive officer , said in a statement on the network 's Web site . "  I fully endorse David Gallop 's comments concerning the indefensible conduct of some players and the lack of respect for women -- and the critical focus on all stakeholders to help eradicate it from our game . " "  I join with him in extending my apologies and sympathy to the young woman involved in the incident , who clearly is still distressed as a consequence , " Gyngell said . In the ABC report , the then-19-year-old woman said she met Johns and his Cronulla teammate Brett Firman when she was working as a waitress . She said she went back to their hotel room , where she alleges six Cronulla players and staff had sex with her , while a half-dozen others watched . "  They were massive , like big rugby players . I felt that I just had no idea what to do . There was always hands on me , " she said . "  I thought I was worthless , and I thought I was nothing . I think I was in shock . I did n't scream . They used a lot of mental power over me and belittled me . " Less than a week after the incident , the woman made a complaint to police and about 40 Cronulla players and staff were questioned , ABC reported . Those involved said the sex was consensual and no charges were filed . The woman told ABC she 's speaking out now because she wants the wives and girlfriends of the players to know what they did . "  If I had a gun , I 'd shoot them right now , " she said . "  I hate them . They 're disgusting . " Before the ABC report , Johns addressed the allegations last week on the Nine Network . "  It was an incident that was investigated by police . It caused all parties enormous pain and embarrassment , " Johns said . "  For me personally , it 's put my family through enormous anguish and embarrassment , and has once again . And for that , I just , I ca n't say sorry enough . " In his statement , Gallop pointed to NRL initiatives put in place since 2002 to promote positive attitudes toward women , including programs developed with the help of a rape crisis center . "  Rugby League means an enormous amount to millions of people and , in many ways , the football we see today and the strength of the competition is better than it has ever been , " he said . "  No amount of on-field success , though , can take away from the need to face up to these issues . "	Allegations of group sex involved NRL personality Matthew Johns He played for Cronulla at the time of alleged incident in Christchurch , New Zealand Nine Network suspends Johns ; CEO apologizes , extends sympathy to woman Woman tells ABC she 's speaking out to let players ' wives , girlfriends know
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  On the principal 's desk at the Peshawar 's Government High School for Boys sits a screen beaming surveillance video from around the campus . In one of the desk 's drawers , within easy reach of Abdul Saeed 's right hand , lies a fully loaded pistol . A teacher for 15 years , Saeed argues that bringing a gun to school reassures his students , who are still terrified after a brazen attack on the Army Public School and Degree College in December , when Taliban militants stormed the building and massacred dozens of students during a six-hour siege . "  They would look to the door every time they heard a sound . Now when they see me wearing a gun , they need not worry and can focus on the task at hand , which is to educate themselves , " Saeed says . Barbed wire , surveillance cameras and snipers have become a common sight in the schools of this Pakistani city . Private schools in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkua , which lies along Pakistan 's northwest frontier , have been instructed by the government to arrange security guards and metal detectors . School officials remain tight-lipped about the threats they 've received from militants , but stories have emerged of empty coffins being sent to principals as an ominous suggestion of the danger that could lie ahead . After the brutal attack , Pakistan Taliban spokesman Mohammed Khurrassani told CNN the bloodshed was revenge for the killing of hundreds of innocent tribesmen during repeated army operations in provinces including South Waziristan , North Waziristan and the Khyber Agency . Last month , the provincial government pledged to spend seven billion rupees  $ 69 million  on enhancing security at government run schools in Khyber Pakhtunkhua . However , KPK information minister Mushtaq Ghani says it is still not enough prevent in an attack on the 35,000 government-run schools in the province . So , in an extraordinary measure , the KPK government has allowed teachers with firearm licenses to keep guns at school . Umar Daraz , a mild mannered primary school teacher who has been a member of the Executive Council of Peshawar 's Primary Teacher Association for more than 20 years , is shocked by the decision . "  Why would you glorify guns ? " he asks . "  If teachers take guns into classroom it glorifies this deadly weapon in the eyes of children , and in the future it could inspire them to seek out guns , misuse them and cause more tragedies to take place . " "  Teachers are meant to teach , " he adds . At a shooting range in Peshawar , the Khyber Pakhtunkua police force has started basic weapon training sessions for teachers interested in learning how to use firearms . Faisal Mukhtar , a police superintendent , says that one of the reasons given for arming teachers is so they can hold militants at bay during a potential attack until security forces arrive . Around 20 female teachers have already received training from Inspector Rozia Altaf . Most had never held a gun before . "  The tragedy of December 16 has emboldened these women , " Altaf tells CNN . "  Most of them were mothers and they were helpless then -- they will be never helpless again . " Regardless of the day 's training , Mukhtar says none of the teachers involved have expressed interest in obtaining a gun license . Back at the principal 's office , Saeed places the gun on his desk and shares his experience of volunteering at hospitals on the day of the attack . His eyes tear up as he recalls seeing schoolboys as young as 12 with bullet wounds that would not be uncommon on a battlefield . He brushes away those who criticize the decision to bring in guns to schools , saying "  these are extraordinary times and we must deal with them in extraordinary ways . "  After what I have seen I refuse to be helpless and unarmed if anyone comes in to attack my students the way -LSB- the militants -RSB- did in December . "  We were once warriors of the chalk and the blackboard . Now we must be soldiers at war and fight for the cause of education and a brighter future for our children . "	Teachers in Peshawar , Pakistan now allowed to carry guns to school Follows December school massacre which killed 145 people , including dozens of students Some teachers say it glorifies guns and that school is no place for firearms
CNN  -- American teenager Missy Franklin claimed a record-equaling fifth gold medal in the 200m backstroke final at the swimming world championships in Barcelona on Saturday . The 18-year-old cruised to victory in a championship record time of two minutes 4.76 seconds to claim a second consecutive world title in the event . Australia 's Belinda Hocking took the silver with Hilary Caldwell from Canada claiming bronze . Watch : ` I 'm on cloud 687 ! ' Franklin 's gold medal haul equals the record for most golds won by a woman at a single world championships . Compatriot Tracy Caulkins was the first to achieve the feat in 1978 with Australia 's Libby Trickett also claiming five golds in 2007 . Franklin 's 200m backstroke victory adds to wins in the 100m backstroke , 200m freestyle , the 4x100m and 4x200m freestyle relays . Watch : Teen Olympian inspires community The Colorado teenager 's success at the 15th FINA world championships builds on a sensational Olympic debut in London last year . The then 17-year-old walked away with four golds , a bronze and two world records in the 200m backstroke and 4x100m medley .	American teenager wins record-equaling fifth gold at swimming world championships Eighteen-year-old sets championship record in winning 200m backstroke final
CNN  -- A paramedic accused of plotting to extort $ 25 million from actor John Travolta after his 16-year-old son died in the Bahamas told a jury Wednesday the boy had been dead for some time before the ambulance service was called . John Travolta 's 16-year-old son , Jett , died in the Bahamas in January after having a seizure . Tarino Lightbourn said in his statement to the Nassau , Bahamas , jury that a doctor told medics to keep administering cardiopulmonary resuscitation on Jett Travolta despite knowing the teen was dead , and that the ambulance company was told to transport him to the hospital -- something not usually done if a person was already dead . Lightbourn and former Bahamian Sen. Pleasant Bridgewater are on trial on charges they attempted to extort money from Travolta after his son 's January 2 death from a seizure . In Bahamian courts , defendants are allowed to make a statement without being placed under oath and will not face cross-examination . Earlier in the trial , Travolta testified that his son was found unresponsive by a nanny at the home on the island of Grand Bahama , where the family was spending the New Year 's holiday . Lightbourn said Jett Travolta 's veins had collapsed and his body was stiff as he lay on the bathroom floor . Someone in the room suggested that those present would receive a lot of money if they stayed quiet , he said , adding he thought this was part of a cover-up . Lightbourn did not say to whom he was referring . Travolta testified he initially told the ambulance driver to rush them to an airport where his private jet was parked and where Travolta , who is a pilot , planned to fly his son to a West Palm Beach , Florida , hospital instead of driving him to one in nearby Freeport . The paramedic , however , asked Travolta to sign a statement releasing the ambulance company from liability . "  I received a liability of release document . I signed it . I did not read it . Time was of the essence , " Travolta testified earlier in the trial . While he and his wife were riding in the ambulance with their son , they decided to divert to the hospital . At the hospital , the actor was told his son "  was n't alive , " he said . In her statement , Bridgewater said she advised Lightbourn not to sell the document because she was trying to protect the Travoltas and the Bahamas . She said she was concerned Travolta would tell his friends not to travel to the Bahamas because of the lack of privacy . Lightbourn said Wednesday that he asked attorney Bridgewater to assist him in negotiations with Travolta 's attorneys . Travolta earlier testified he learned of a demand for $ 25 million , or "  stories connected to that document would be sold to the press ... The stories would imply the death of my son was intentional and I was culpable somehow . " Travolta attorney Michael McDermott testified that he assisted police in a sting by secretly recording meeting with the defendants in a Nassau hotel room . Bahamian police had placed wireless microphones on McDermott and hidden two cameras in his room , McDermott said . Lightbourn said his eyes popped when Travolta 's attorney offered him $ 15 million for the document Travolta signed . Travolta 's attorney testified the negotiations between Lightbourn and himself were all part of the Bahamian police sting . On Wednesday , Travolta attorney Michael Ossi told CNN he could not comment on specifics in the case . "  The statements made today are not evidence , but what has already been placed into evidence speaks for itself , " he said . Defense attorneys have attempted to convince the jury that Travolta 's attorney came to the Bahamas to "  set up " their clients . Murrio Ducille , who represents Bridgewater , said to Travolta 's attorney , "  you came to the island with evil in your heart . " The trial is expected to wrap up early next week when the jury will begin its deliberations . Travolta and his wife , actress Kelly Preston , are not expected back in court . Journalist Arthia Nixon in Nassau , Bahamas , contributed to this report .	Paramedic on trial , accused of plotting to extort $ 25 million from John Travolta Tarino Lightbourn testifies Jett Travolta had been dead before help was summoned In Bahamas , defendants can make statement without being under oath Travolta 's son died on Grand Bahama island on January 2 after a seizure
CNN  Even the most ardent "  Frozen " obsessives can watch the movie only so many times before craving new details about the story 's next chapter . And , like snowflakes floating down from the heavens , here they are . Disney has released five stills from "  Frozen Fever , " the forthcoming short film that updates its massively popular "  Frozen " franchise , along with some fresh details about the seven-minute movie . Creators of "  Frozen Fever " tell USA Today that the film reunites Anna , Elsa , Olaf and Kristoff for Anna 's birthday , which takes place on the summer solstice in June . Elsa is planning a birthday bash for her devoted younger sister , but things get derailed when Elsa gets a cold , throwing off her magical powers . "  Elsa does n't get a cold in the usual way , " co-director Jennifer Lee told USA Today . "  She 's special . Surprising things occur that wreak a little havoc . " The short also features a new song by Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez , the duo who gave us the ubiquitous "  Let It Go . " "  Frozen Fever " will show in theaters before Disney 's live-action remake of "  Cinderella , " opening March 13 . The original "  Frozen " has earned more than $ 1.27 billion worldwide . Disney posted the new images Monday to its "  Frozen " Facebook page , where it had received more than 119,000 likes by Tuesday afternoon . Reaction from Facebook fans was predictably enthusiastic , although some parents grumbled they 'd rather see a full-length sequel .	Disney has released five stills from its upcoming short , "  Frozen Fever " Short will be shown in theaters before Disney 's "  Cinderella , " opening March 13
CNN  -- A skateboard may have saved a man from being the lunch of a hungry cougar in a Canadian resort town last week . The big cat jumped the man from behind while he was walking with a skateboard along a dirt path through woods in Banff , Alberta , on Thursday , according to Bill Hunt , a Parks Canada field unit manager . "  He hit the animal with the skateboard and stunned him , " Hunt said . The man , who is in his mid-20s , was listening to music through earbuds . His jacket hood was pulled over his head , Hunt said , possibly making him look inviting to a cat that is stimulated by motion . It was unclear why the man , who asked to remain anonymous , was carrying a skateboard on a wooded path while it was sleeting , Hunt said . Cougar attacks on people are rare because the cats are "  very wary of people , " Hunt said . The use of a skateboard to defend against a cougar is even more rare , he said . "  The last time we had an attack on a human was two years ago , then several years before that , " he said . The search is on for the cougar because the summer camping season is beginning in Banff , a town nestled in Alberta 's Rockies . A section of the town 's northern outskirts is closed to hikers and skateboarders until the cat is found and relocated , Hunt said . Cougar hounds and their handlers were scouring the forested area Monday for signs of the cat , while others monitor cameras along hiking trails , he said . "  It 's either a young animal who has not learned how to hunt or an older animal in poor health , injured or with a broken tooth that 's going after domestic animals near town , " he said . The plan is to use a dart gun to anesthetize the cougar . If it is healthy , it could be relocated away from the town , Hunt said . Cougars , wolves and bears are normally steered to wildlife corridors that surround Banff , he said . Early settlers who built Banff honored the animals they displaced by named nearly every street after them . Skateboarders can safely roll down Cougar Street , Wolverine Street , Lynx Street , Grizzly Street , Mountain Goat Lane and Porcupine Place . UK zoo worker dies after being mauled by tiger CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	A cougar jumped a man walking with a skateboard in Banff , Alberta "  He hit the animal with the skateboard and stunned him , " park official says Cougar attacks on people are rare since the cats are "  very wary of people , " official says Skateboards used to defend against cougars is even rarer , he says
CNN  -- A 62-year-old Michigan man was severely burned when a homemade rocket strapped on his back exploded while he slid down a snowy hill on a sled , authorities said this week . The rocket stunt was the grand finale on Saturday during the man 's annual sledding party at his Oakland County , Michigan , home , the sheriff 's department said . "  He is known for doing ` crazy things ' at his parties , " an Oakland County sheriff 's department statement said . "  On this date , after consuming an unknown quantity of alcohol , he constructed a device out of a motorcycle muffler and pipe . " Inside the makeshift rocket , the victim placed gunpowder , heads from matches and gasoline . He donned a helmet and took a sled to the top of a snowy embankment . "  He asked another person to light a wick and then began to sled down a hill . At some point during the ride downhill , the device exploded . The results of the explosion were second-degree burns to the victim 's face , " the sheriff 's department statement said . No one else was injured during the incident . The man , whose identity is not yet known , was hospitalized with significant damage to one of his eyes and could face criminal charges , authorities said .	Makeshift rocket sled stunt goes awry for Michigan man , authorities say Authorities : Man was sledding downhill when homemade rocket exploded Victim had reputation for doing "  crazy things " at his parties , authorities say
CNN  -- The Newtown , Connecticut , police chief has withdrawn a recommendation to fire an officer diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and haunted by the horrific images of the mass shooting at an elementary school there . In a December 5 letter to the Newtown Board of Police Commissioners , Police Chief Michael Kehoe said he was withdrawing an earlier "  request and recommendation " that Officer Thomas Bean be fired . Bean was one of the first officers to respond to the December 2012 shooting that left 26 dead , including 20 children . He told CNN that continues to have flashbacks and is left crying some nights by memories of the bloodshed . "  Nothing could prepare you for that , " Bean , a 12-year veteran , recently told CNN 's Susan Candiotti . "  The worst possible scenes you could think of ... because all there was , was horror . " Bean was diagnosed with PTSD and has not been able to return to work . Six months after the mass shooting , the officer -- who responded to the tragedy on his day off -- was placed on long-term disability , according to Bean and his union . "  That day killed me inside , " he said . Training the brain to stress less A letter from the police department , obtained by CNN , confirmed that he was "  permanently disabled " and could be fired . Bean and his union representative said Newtown could afford to pay only two years of long-term disability . Bean said he has a dozen years left on the job before being able to retire and believes his benefits should continue through his normal retirement date . But the town has refused to arbitrate the issue , Bean said . "  The town no longer intends to fire me , " he said . "  Instead they have decided to let my long-term disability benefits expire in a year and then move on . I am sorry that I can no longer be a police officer , but I can not change what happened that day or how it has affected me . " Bean and his union representative intend to file a lawsuit by the end of the month , he said . "  The town agreed with the union that no one would suffer financially from this , but they lied because they are hell-bent on ruining my life through financial burdens , not allowing me the right to work elsewhere and the continuous retraumatization of myself and my family , " Bean said . Bean recently told CNN that he broke down in tears after Sandy Hook Elementary School was cleared . He drank and smoked excessively . He even contemplated cutting himself with a razor . "  I did n't want to kill myself but I wanted to feel something , " he said . "  Had no feeling , no sensation , no nothing . " Adam Lanza , 20 , shot and killed 20 young children and six teachers in the school before taking his own life -- a massacre that prompted a national debate over tougher gun laws . Bean said he knew he was in "  deep , deep trouble " after entering a store one day . "  I looked at everyone in that store like they was going to kill me , " he said . "  I could not get out of that store fast enough . I looked around , and there was a crowd of people , and all I saw were flashbacks --  the  firehouse with the families or what I saw that day . " Bean , 38 and married with two children , remains in therapy . He said he is grateful for support from one group in particular , Save a Warrior . Bean urges others suffering from PTSD to seek help . "  The Save A Warrior program that I went through is free , " he said . "  We even had some law enforcement from LAPD and NYPD go through the program . " Other Newtown police officers were diagnosed with PTSD , but Bean was the only one unable to return to work , union officials said . "  If I had my arm chopped off , they 'd would say , ` Oh yeah , he 's hurt . ' But instead they 're like , ` We can sweep  this  under the rug and not necessarily have to pay because ... it 's not physically seen . ' That 's the problem with PTSD ... people do n't see it , " said Bean , his voice trailing off .	Newtown police chief withdraws recommendation to fire veteran officer with PTSD Thomas Bean was haunted by the images of the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary Bean could retire in 12 years , but only 2 years of disability was available , union said
CNN  "  The Stomp " remains one of the most controversial plays in NCAA history -- when Duke 's Christian Laettner lifted his foot and stepped on Kentucky 's Aminu Timberlake during a critical moment of what has been called the greatest college basketball game ever played , the 1992 NCAA East Regional Final . Mention The Stomp in a diner or bar in Kentucky and you best be prepared for a string of expletives -- from the blue-haired elders to the wealthiest thoroughbred trainers -- about how Laettner is the vilest human on Earth . Then , the woulda , coulda , shouldas begin : Laettner should 've been kicked out ; he should never have been in the game to hit that miraculous shot ; Kentucky should 've advanced to the Final Four . The Stomp returned to headlines this week after ESPN aired a "  30 for 30 " documentary called "  I Hate Christian Laettner , " detailing the life of one of the best players to ever play college ball and why he remains a lightning rod to this day . When it comes to The Stomp , Laettner says he decided to give a "  little payback " while Timberlake lay helpless on the ground . If Kentucky fans needed more reason to hate Laettner , those words might 've been it . But on Twitter , Laettner issued a video apology to Timberlake , the first time he 'd ever done so : Timberlake could 've lashed back , but he 's too classy for that . He is one of the nicest guys you 'll ever meet . He remains active in basketball , coaching an eighth-grade girls travel-team in Atlanta .  In full transparency , I coached with him last year . He responded to Laettner , saying he appreciates and accepts the apology . But he makes it clear where his loyalty lies . At the end of his 23-second message , Timberlake 's voice turns into a smooth baritone and he ends with : "  Go Big Blue . " Timberlake does n't dwell on The Stomp . The thing he prefers to remember from that game was the honor of playing in it -- and the locker room speech by Coach Rick Pitino after the game . Pitino held up an old Sports Illustrated cover that said the Kentucky program was in shambles . Pitino told his players that although they lost on the court , his players had done something much bigger : They 'd put Kentucky basketball back on the map . "  It put a lot of things in perspective , especially for a young team in a program that had just returned from heavy NCAA sanctions , " Timberlake says . "  All I remember is working with our heads down , attacking every practice and every game to the best of our ability . And that speech just reminded us of what was accomplished through that hard work , even in a loss . " That is a message , he says , that still resonates in his life : "  Sometimes you do n't see the full picture and do n't reap the immediate rewards of your work , but 9 times out of 10 good things do happen . " Timberlake has had fun with The Stomp over the years , even donning a "  I Still Hate Laettner " T-shirt that was given to him and posing with fans when Kentucky and Duke played a couple years ago . He jokes that he 's not sure if he was "  a true hater " of Laettner like so many others . But that game will never quite sit well with Kentucky players and fans . However , Timberlake says the documentary gave him a new perspective on Laettner that he thought he 'd never have . "  I can really respect his accomplishments , his basketball career and his passion for the game , " Timberlake says . Do n't get him wrong . Timberlake still bleeds Kentucky blue . He 'd love to see Kentucky play Duke for the title this year , this time with the Wildcats walking away as the winners . Face off against your favorite anchors in the CNN March Madness bracket challenge	Christian Laettner apologizes 23 years later for stomping on player Aminu Timberlake accepts apology , but hopes Kentucky wins it all Timberlake says he prefers to remember Pitino 's speech to team The Stomp remains a bitterly divisive play to this day
