London , England  CNN  -- Thousands of people tuned in to watch the CNN/YouTube climate change debate , which took place Tuesday at the COP15 climate conference in Copenhagen , Denmark . CNN 's Becky Anderson was joined by a distinguished panel of guests who answered questions posted on YouTube in the weeks leading up to the debate . The panel included Yvo de Boer , Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ; U.S. journalist and author Thomas L. Friedman ; Bjorn Lomborg , author of the "  The Skeptical Environmentalist ; " Hollywood actress and environmental activist Daryl Hannah and former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan . The panel tackled a range of climate change issues head on , addressing some of the major concerns of YouTube 's users . John from the Republic of Ireland wanted to know whether the panel thought that world leaders were taking climate change seriously enough . The message from Yvo de Boer was clear . Watch the debate : Part 1 I 2 I3 I4 I5 I6 "  I 've never seen a moment in history when so many world leaders have taken an interest in this topic , " de Boer said . "  We have 115 coming on Friday to get a strong resounding result out of this week . " Daryl Hannah agreed : "  This is definitely a defining moment for our politicians and world leaders to take a stand to make real change from a fossil fuel economy to a new energy independent economy . " But Bjorn Lomborg questioned whether world leaders would sign an agreement . "  One-hundred-and-fifteen leaders are coming to Copenhagen but what are they going to agree on ? " he said . "  Do n't they want to do something smarter that will actually work this time . " Thomas Friedman urged the United States to take a lead on climate change . "  Right now , " he said , "  that is very much up in the air . The uncertainties surrounding climate change are not a reason for inaction . They are a reason to act . " The panel answered a range of questions from YouTube users all over the world from the United States to Bangladesh and Brazil . A questioner from Morocco wanted to know if African countries had a loud enough voice at the climate talks . Kofi Annan was in no doubt that the continent did not . "  What is clear , " he said , "  is that Africa and the least developed countries , which are not so much responsible for the problem of climate change , are bearing the greatest brunt . " Annan , who joined the debate via a live satellite link from Geneva , Switzerland , said the whole world was in the same boat . "  We must come together to protect the planet , " he said . "  It is our collective responsibility . We can not resolve climate change in one nation , or one continent ND not in another , " he continued . The Web broadcast was attended by an audience of delegates who are attending the U.N. climate conference at the Bella Center . The program also showcased the winners of the Raise Your Voice video competition and featured a recorded video message from Archbishop Desmond Tutu , who warned about the impacts of climate change . "  The consequences could be conflict and instability , which are things we must avoid at any price , " he said .	CNN/YouTube Climate Change Debate links thousands of Web users Distinguished panel of guests includes former U.N. secretary general Kofi Annan Debate also showcased winners of the Raise Your Voice video competition
CNN  -- The military is investigating a "  shocking and deplorable " YouTube video that seems to show a Marine throwing a puppy off a rocky cliff . YouTube.com removed the video for violating the Web site 's terms of use . The black-and-white puppy makes a yelping sound as it flies through the air . "  That 's mean , that was mean , " one companion says off-camera , addressing the alleged puppy thrower by his last name . The fate of the animal is not known . The Marine is identified on the video and in other Internet postings as a lance corporal stationed at Marine Corps Base Hawaii in Kaneohe . It 's not clear where the video was shot , although the man who appears to throw the puppy and another Marine are in full combat gear with helmets . YouTube.com had taken down the video by 12:30 p.m. ET Tuesday "  due to terms of use violation , " according to a banner on the Web site . "  This is a shocking and deplorable video that is contrary to the high standards that we set for every Marine , " Marine Corps spokesman Maj. Chris Perrine said at a news conference Monday night . "  We will investigate this and take appropriate actions , " Perrine said . Watch other Marines and civilians react to the video " He said the Marine is being kept safe in view of the anger over the alleged incident . Perrine added that the majority of Marines conduct themselves honorably . "  There are many examples of Marines who adopt pets and bring them back from Iraq and demonstrate their compassion on a daily basis , " he said . If the video is deemed legitimate , the lance corporal could face a charge of conduct unbecoming a Marine , Perrine said . There could be administrative action , nonjudicial punishment or a court-martial , he added . "  It 's all governed by the Uniform Code of Military Justice , and anything from reduction in pay to reduction in rank to confinement to discharge from the Marine Corps " is possible , Perrine said . If others are involved , they too will be disciplined , he said . "  Certainly , there 's a lot of outrage , and a lot of people are upset about it . I think every Marine is upset about this video , " he said . "  We hope that it turns out not to be what it looks like . " E-mail to a friend	Marine in YouTube video appears to throw tiny dog over a cliff Corps investigating "  shocking and deplorable video , " spokesman says Location of scene not known , but Marines are in full combat gear Lance corporal could face mild to severe discipline , spokesman says
CNN  Texas Gov. Rick Perry struck a moderate tone in a farewell address to the Texas legislature that could very well double as a presidential stump speech if the potential 2016 contender eventually decides to jump in the race . Perry , a conservative favorite that fell largely off the map following his failed and blundering 2012 presidential run , mixed concrete details on Texas ' economic strength under his watch with sweeping comments about the "  endless possibilities " in his state . He tacked to the center in the speech , touting his accomplishments greening Texas and striking a compassionate note on drug and alcohol addiction . And in comments that may just as well have been directed at the GOP as a whole , Perry declared : "  Compromise is not a dirty word if it moves Texas forward . " "  Do not place purity ahead of unity , " he added . Despite the largely moderate tone , however , he threw red meat to conservatives on immigration , framing Texas as the last stand for a nation beset by threats from its neighbor to the South . "  Texas has done more to secure the border than any other state in the nation -- and as long as Washington will not secure the border , Texas will be up more than up to the task , " he promised . Perry also outlined economic accomplishments under his watch , including a budget surplus and billions left in a rainy day fund , and touted his efforts to make Texas a cultural hub . With 14 years under his belt , Perry leaves office the state 's longest-serving governor , and Texas ' economic and cultural strength under his watch would be a key factor in his presidential pitch if he decides to make another bid for the White House . He 's made no secret of his interest , and will join a handful of his potential opponents -- including 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney -- in speaking to the Republican National Committee 's winter meeting this week . During his Thursday speech to the legislature , Perry offered a taste of what his presidential stump speech could look like , offering sweeping rhetoric about the promise of Texas that could 've easily been referencing the country as a whole . Speaking about the crises that have battered the state during his tenure , including multiple hurricanes , the border crisis and Ebola , he declared that "  each time Texans have responded to these tests with great character . " "  As long as there has been a Texas , there has existed a people whose character has been refined by fire , whose souls are resilient , who respond to tragedy with grace , who look to the future with hope -- what we have done together is preserve Texas as a land of opportunity , " Perry added .	Texas Gov. Rick Perry struck a moderate tone in a farewell address to the Texas legislature After 14 years , Perry 's the state 's longest-serving governor His tenure as governor is likely to make up his central pitch if he runs for White House
CNN  -- Nobel laureate Norman E. Borlaug , an agricultural scientist who helped develop disease-resistant wheat used to fight famine in poor countries , died Saturday . He was 95 . Norman Borlaug received a Congressional Gold Medal from then President George W. Bush on July 17 , 2007 . Borlaug died from cancer complications in Dallas , Texas , a spokeswoman for Texas A&M University said . A 1970 recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize , Borlaug was a distinguished professor of international agriculture at the university . Borlaug started at Texas A&M in 1984 , after working as a scientist in a program that introduced scientific techniques for preventing famine in Mexico , according to the university . Until recently , he traveled worldwide working for improvements in agricultural science and food policy , said Kathleen Phillips , a university spokeswoman . Borlaug was known as a champion of high-yield crop varieties , and other science and agricultural innovations to help fight hunger in developing nations . iReport.com : Tour Borlaug 's boyhood farm "  We all eat at least three times a day in privileged nations , and yet we take food for granted , " Borlaug said recently in an interview posted on the university 's Web site . "  There has been great progress , and food is more equitably distributed . But hunger is a commonplace , and famine appears all too often . " He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1977 , and the Congressional Gold Medal in 2006 , according to the university 's Web site . The agriculture institute at the university was named after him in 2006 . Borlaug also created the World Food Prize , which recognized the work of scientists and humanitarians who have helped fight world hunger through advanced agriculture , the university said . A memorial service will be held at the university at a later date .	Borlaug died at the age of 95 from complications caused by cancer In 1970 , was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his contribution to science Helped develop disease-resistant wheat , worked to ease world food shortages Borlaug : "  There has been great progress . . but famine appears all too often "
Johannesburg  CNN  -- From inside a small thatched roof cottage , Ahmed Kathrada watched with horror as a laundry van approaching the main house of Liliesleaf Farm exploded with teams of police officers . He and other anti-apartheid activists hiding out at the farm attempted to jump out of a back window . But they were surrounded , their hopes dashed and their plans for an overthrow of South Africa 's apartheid government were extinguished . "  The vehicles pulled up that way , and there was nothing I could do , " says Kathrada , recalling July 11 , 1963 , from the same cottage he once called home . Kathrada and close friend Denis Goldberg have returned to Liliesleaf Farm , which has now been turned in to a museum to commemorate 50 years since that fateful day . Earlier , Nelson Mandela had also used Liliesleaf as a hideout , posing as a domestic worker . But at the time of the raid he was already serving a prison sentence . Mandela had been charged with inciting workers to strike and also leaving the country illegally . He had been to the United Kingdom and more than a dozen African countries trying to shore up financial and material support for the ANC 's armed wing , named MK or "  Umkhonto we Sizwe , " which means the tip of the spear . MK was supposed to execute "  Operation Mayibuye " a form of guerrilla warfare against the government , taking care not to target civilians . The plan was being discussed just before the police raid . "  I tried to flush as many documents as I could down the toilet but it was too late , " recounts Goldberg , who was in the main house at the time . Read more : Mandela 's pistol remains a hidden treasure "  Death was in the air there was no doubt . Their hatred was palpable , " Goldberg tells CNN , remembering the disdain officials had for them . Police would use evidence found at Liliesleaf , which included a journal of Mandela 's travels , to charge him and 19 people found at the farm with sabotage and conspiracy to violently overthrow the government . But the Rivonia trial , as it would become known , would be used as a tool by these activists to show the world what their aim really was . Goldberg tells CNN , "  We would show that the apartheid state was inherently based on violence to maintain itself in power and had to be overturned in the name of humanity and democracy . " Indeed , Mandela knew the power of speech from within the courts and knew there was international media interest in the trial , so he too wanted to show their driving philosophy . In his autobiography , "  Long Walk to Freedom , " Mandela writes : "  Right from the start we had made it clear that we intended to use the trial not as a test of the law but as a platform for our beliefs . " Read more : Where to trace Mandela 's most significant moments He famously said from the dock , "  I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities . It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve . But if needs be , it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die . " Mandela , Kathrada , Goldberg and five others would receive life sentences . Goldberg would serve 22 years in prison , Kathrada would serve 26 years as the apartheid government became more isolated and weakened economically . Mandela would be released in 1990 and , in 1994 , become the nation 's first democratically elected president . But on the 50th anniversary of a milestone in the struggle against apartheid , Goldberg worries that already South Africans are forgetting their sacrifices . "  That 's why I keep saying about Mandela , it was a whole movement . He was a brilliant leader , but it was a whole movement you know . And we forget about people and we should n't . "	Liliesleaf Farm is located in the Johannesburg suburb of Rivonia , South Africa . It was bought as a safehouse for anti-apartheid activists in the 1960s and is now a museum . Nelson Mandela was among those who spent time there , pretending to be a worker . A July 11 , 1963 , raid led to 20 activists being arrested . They used their trial as a political tool .
CNN  -- Florida authorities on Saturday evening arrested two convicted murderers who had been on the lam after being released from prison with forged documents , a state agency said . Charles Walker and Joseph Jenkins were taken into custody "  without incident " at 6:40 p.m. at Panama City 's Coconut Grove Motor Inn , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement said . Members of that agency and the U.S. Marshals Service found and detained the two men , the agency said . Walker and Jenkins are expected to appear in court Sunday morning at the Bay County Courthouse in Panama City . The state Department of Corrections -- which mistakenly released the men though it has insisted through no fault of its own -- said little about the arrests . "  We are , of course , happy they have been taken into custody , " agency spokeswoman Jessica Carey said . Authorities have been searching for Walker and Jenkins , both 34 , after investigators discovered forged motions to reduce their respective sentences and forged court orders granting the requests . Earlier Saturday , family members of both men appealed for them to turn themselves in to authorities . "  We just want you to surrender yourself to someone you trust who will bring you back in safely , " Walker 's mother , Lillie Danzy , said at a news conference outside the Orange County Sheriff 's Department in Orlando . Jenkins ' uncle , Henry Pearson , also urged the men to give their families some peace . Both families denied any knowledge in the escape plan , telling investigators and reporters they first learned of the releases in telephone calls from the Franklin Correctional Institution with news they could pick up their family member . Danzy appears to have questioned the call , telephoning the prison twice to make sure it was legitimate . "  The family believed their prayers had been answered , " a spokeswoman for Danzy said . The two men , according to family members , disappeared shortly after their return . In September 1998 , Jenkins killed Roscoe Pugh Jr. during a home-invasion robbery attempt . Six months later , Cedric Slater was gunned down on an Orlando street corner -- shot dead , a jury determined , by Walker . Both killers were convicted and sentenced to life behind bars without the possibility of parole within two years of their crime . While it 's not known whether they knew each other , they were at the same prison in North Carrabelle in Florida 's Panhandle . Jenkins left there on September 27 , and Walker left on October 8 , according to authorities . They had motions indicating the sentences had been reduced as well as court orders granting the request . Investigators later discovered these documents were forged . The legal-looking documents contained bogus reproductions of several key players ' signatures , including those of the Orlando-area State Attorney Jeffrey Ashton or the assistant state attorney and Judge Belvin Perry . They bore the seal of the Orange County clerk of court 's office . Perry told CNN his signature is easy to find online on documents related to the high-profile trial of Casey Anthony . Anthony was acquitted in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . "  People , particularly people with criminal minds , come up with ingenious ways to beat the system , " Perry said . "  They have nothing but time on their hands to think of things . " Prosecutors first learned about what happened after a member of Walker 's family contacted them , Ashton said . An October 8 letter from the Department of Corrections to Slater 's mother , Evangelina Kearse , notified her a "  court order and amended sentence caused  Walker 's  sentence to expire . " "  Please be aware that recent actions causing the release of this offender are beyond our control . Nevertheless , we apologize for the delay in this message , " it said . Both Walker and Jenkins appeared to play by the rules after their release . They both went to the Orange County jail to register as felons -- Jenkins on September 30 , Walker on October 11 -- as required by law . While their releases may have initially seemed legitimate , the two convicts later were classified as escapees . CNN 's Nick Valencia , John Zarrella , Kim Segal and David Simpson contributed to this report .	NEW : Joseph Jenkins and Charles Walker are set to appear in court Sunday Fugitives were found at motel in Panama City , Florida , authorities say Jenkins was freed September 27 ; Walker on October 8 Family members of two men say they learned of the release in call from prison officials
CNN  -- The "  King of Pop " had been topping music charts long before he ever pulled on that white-sequined glove , made the moonwalk a household move and sent screaming fans into a frenzy . In spite of all of the rumors and his "  Wacko Jacko " persona , Jackson 's musical draw remained strong . But the spotlight that followed Michael Jackson , earned him headlines and made him a tabloid favorite as an adult , often had little to do with the artistry . While filming a commercial for Pepsi in 1984 , a pyrotechnic accident set his hair ablaze , leaving him with second-degree burns on his scalp and igniting what would eventually became an odyssey of reconstructive work . Rumors about his face , the ever-changing nose and lightening skin fueled the "  Wacko Jacko " persona , a moniker he 'd be given later and seem to embrace . There was , for instance , Bubbles , a chimpanzee he adopted , befriended and allowed to share his toilet . Jackson did n't fight and even perpetuated claims , even though they were n't true , that he 'd bought the remains of The Elephant Man and slept in a hyperbaric chamber -- although he would deny both years later during an interview with Oprah Winfrey . It was then , in that 1993 interview , that he also shot down rumors that he was dying his skin to make it lighter . Instead , he spoke for the first time about having vitiligo , a skin pigmentation disorder . iReport.com : Share your favorite Jackson memory Meantime , he had designed his dream home , the Neverland Ranch in Santa Ynez , California , as if he were the Peter Pan he so admired . Replete with a zoo , his own amusement park and the bevy of children who surrounded , played and sometimes slept over with him , he proudly set out to recapture the childhood he publicly said he 'd never had . Allegations of what went on privately , however , landed him in a big-boy pool of legal hot water . He was accused of sexually abusing a 13-year-old boy . Soon after came talk about his addiction to prescription drugs . He settled the civil lawsuit with the accusing family in 1994 and was never charged criminally . Then came the shocking , albeit relatively short-lived , marriage to Lisa Marie Presley -- a move that set off a whole new round of speculations . More facts about Jackson 's life " Did he tie the knot to fight the child abuse speculations that dogged him ? Was this eccentric "  King " aspiring to be the son-in-law of "  The King , " Elvis Presley ? Or could it have been true love ? Despite this two-year marriage , and the reported relationships he 'd had earlier with Tatum O'Neal , Stephanie Mills and Brooke Shields , Jackson remained sexually ambiguous and , in many people 's eyes , sexless altogether . He 'd later marry once more for several years , this time a nurse named Debbie Rowe . People debated whether they consummated that marriage or if artificial insemination played a role , but Jackson left in 1999 with custody of two children , a son known as Prince Michael and a daughter named Paris . For years when they appeared in public , the children wore veils or masks . Prince Michael II was born in 2002 . An unidentified woman gave birth after reportedly being artificially inseminated with Jackson 's sperm . His second son was semi-revealed to the public in Berlin , Germany , when Jackson momentarily dangled the baby , his face hidden beneath a blanket , over a balcony four stories above the ground and a mass of fans . Watch Jackson introduce Prince Michael II " It was yet another move that spawned talk and accusations , and it was one he 'd apologize for later . In recent years there was yet another child sexual abuse accusation , one Jackson was acquitted of in May 2005 . The trial was a media spectacle , and one where the fashion icon wore his pajama bottoms to court and danced atop a car . He also had enormous financial problems to deal with and narrowly escaped bankruptcy and foreclosure on his Neverland property . But in spite of all of this , Jackson 's draw remained strong . More than 25 years after the release of his epic album , "  Thriller , " it was being celebrated again . He was scheduled to start what he described at a March press conference as his "  final curtain call " concert tour , which had recently been postponed to next year . See Jackson make his final tour announcement " What Jackson would have brought to the stage then , and to the headlines before and after , will never be known . What is certain is that he 's one who 'll always be remembered .	Michael Jackson , the "  King of Pop , " made headlines for more than his music "  Wacko Jacko " known for Bubbles the chimp , his changing nose and skin tone At Neverland Ranch , he played Peter Pan , amid a zoo , rides and lots of kids He was dogged by accusations and whispers , but a comeback tour was on tap
CNN  -- Scores of pages of al Qaeda documents seized in last year 's U.S. raid that killed Osama bin Laden were released Thursday . They comprise 175 pages in the original Arabic of letters and drafts from bin Laden and other key al Qaeda figures , including the American Adam Gadahn and Abu Yahya al-Libi . The Combating Terrorism Center at the U.S. Military Academy in West Point , New York , published the papers on its website . Here are the center 's brief description of the documents . You can click the links for the English translations . Description of the Abbottabad documents  PDF The center says the letters were written between September 2006 and April 2011 by many well-known figures . Letter from bin Laden in August 2010 seeking information about Anwar al-Awlaki and Yemen  PDF References are also made to floods in Pakistan and the media plan for the 9/11 anniversary . Letter from Gadahn in January 2011 giving media advice for 9/11 anniversary  PDF The center says the letter appears to be a response to earlier questions from bin Laden . Letter from bin Laden , using the pseudonym "  Zamaria " to the head of a Somali militant group  PDF Bin Laden politely declines a request for formal unity with al Qaeda . Letter composed in December 2010 from a high-ranking personality , possibly Ayman al-Zawahiri  PDF The letter refers to the request from the al-Shabab group in Somali to unite with al Qaeda . Letter dated December 3 , 2010 , about indiscriminate violence of a group in Pakistan  PDF The authors indicate that al Qaeda 's top leaders had serious concerns about the actions of the TTP , a Pakistani Taliban group , including the killing of Muslims . Letter saying that a militant group needed financial assistance "  to support jihad "  PDF The center believes the letter was forwarded to bin Laden . Part of a letter discussing the re-branding of al Qaeda  PDF It 's not clear who wrote the letter , but it talks of a need to change the name of the terror organization to "  Qaidat al-Jihad . " Letter from bin Laden dated April 26 , 2011  PDF Bin Laden outlines his response to the Arab Spring , a week before his death . Letter dated March 28 , 2007 , showing the author 's alarm at al Qaeda in Iraq 's conduct  PDF The author , who appears to be of Egyptian origin , asks a legal scholar about the use of chlorine gas . Letter dated June 11 , 2009 , about the release of detainees from Iran  PDF There is an indication that more people may be released , including some bin Laden relatives . Draft of a document on the Arab Spring  PDF This formed the basis of statements released by al-Zawahiri and reveal the al Qaeda editing process . Two letters apparently on how al Qaeda is perceived among Saudi scholars  PDF The author provides summaries of meetings with scholars , apparently with the intent of evaluating support . Letter dated October 21 , 2010 , from bin Laden on the Afghanistan/Pakistan region  PDF Bin Laden comments on the security situation in Pakistan 's Waziristan and the need to move al Qaeda members out . Letter , possibly from bin Laden , to the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  PDF The author tells group to focus on the United States , not the Yemeni government . Series of paragraphs , some of which match letter in previous entry to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  PDF The letter discusses strategy , the need to target the United States including possible U.S. targets in South Africa . Letter to bin Laden dated September 14 , 2006 , from "  a loving brother "  PDF The author criticizes bin Laden for the attacks in "  Islamic countries in general and the Arabian Peninsula in particular . " Letter from bin Laden in late May 2010 indicating support for a "  new phase "  PDF Bin Laden says he is concerned with the killings of innocent Muslims in attacks by regional terror groups .	Seventeen declassified documents seized in the Abbottabad raid released The Combating Terrorism Center says the documents are all electronic or draft letters Click the links to read each document
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Pentagon will lift its ban on media coverage of the flag-draped coffins of war victims arriving at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Thursday . Military vehicles carry coffins containing U.S. troops in this photo the Pentagon released in 2005 . But the families of the victims will have the final say on whether to allow the coverage , he said . President Obama asked Gates to review the policy , and Gates said he decided after consulting with the armed services and groups representing military families to apply the same policy that is used at Arlington National Cemetery . "  I have decided that the decision regarding media coverage of the dignified transfer process at Dover should be made by those most directly affected -- the families , " he said at a news conference . Watch Gates announce reversal " Gates said he had formed a group to create an implementation plan for the new policy . Not long after Gates ' announcement , the political action committee VoteVets.org issued a written statement saying it is "  fully supportive " of the decision . Watch what led to a media ban on photos of the caskets " Advocates of opening the base to coverage point out that the unmarked coffins make it impossible to identify specific remains . A statement from the National Military Family Association said it "  appreciates the sensitivity " of the secretary "  and his recognition that individual families must play a part " in any decision about media coverage . "  We look forward to the recommendations of the working group on the implementation of this policy , " the group said . Not everyone had a positive reaction . "  Military Families United is disappointed in the president 's decision to overturn the ban that has been in place for over 18 years , " the group said in a release . "  Just last week , Families United released the results of a survey conducted among military families , which found that more than 64 percent ... believe that this ban should not be overturned . It is evident that military families were not consulted nor their wishes honored when the decision was made . "  This is a complete disregard for the will of America 's military families and their need for privacy during this solemn moment , " the release said . After the Iraq War began , critics of the George W. Bush administration accused it of disallowing photographs and filming to de-emphasize the number of casualties from what many considered an unpopular war . Although the Defense Department wo n't confirm it , it is widely accepted that the idea for the ban began after the December 1989 U.S. invasion of Panama , when the United States deposed dictator Manuel Noriega . After a news conference held by President George H.W. Bush , his press secretary made a humorous remark , which caused the president and reporters to laugh . At the same time , viewers were watching coffins of the first casualties from the invasion being unloaded at Dover . The following year , when the Persian Gulf War began , the Pentagon banned media coverage of war dead being returned to the base . One of the family members who favors lifting the ban is Karen Meredith of San Francisco , California , who wrote Obama urging him to order the change . Lt. Ken Ballard left for Iraq on Mother 's Day 2003 . He came home in a casket on Memorial Day 2004 . "  I wanted the nation to grieve with me , and if we do n't see those images we do n't know that these young men and women are dying , " she said . "  And to me it 's an honor to have an honor guard at Dover when they 're bringing these men and women back through the mortuary . But we 've never been able to see those pictures of the honor being given . " Others say the honor should remain private . "  When they come off the plane these are anonymous caskets . What is the greater good of that ? " asked Vince Rangel , who was an Army Ranger captain in Vietnam . "  I would rather take that attention and give it everything it deserves at the grave site in the communities where you can get all that information , so people can understand these people as human beings . Not just as a flag-draped casket that comes out of a plane . " Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said about two weeks ago that a good deal of input needed to be collected from a number of sources , including Pentagon offices representing family interests , the Defense Department 's public affairs office and the various service branches . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Susan Roesgen contributed to this report .	Defense secretary Robert Gates says families will have final say on each coffin Group says , "  Military families were not consulted nor their wishes honored " Another family group says it "  appreciates the sensitivity " of the secretary Gates ordered review after president requested info on longstanding ban
On the subject of Silvio Berlusconi Italians and non-Italians are , to paraphrase George Bernard-Shaw 's famous quip about Britain and America , divided by a common political language . We think we share the view that in a political world dominated by mass communications , there is little room for forgiveness about scandals , or other personal failures , or a poor record in office . Yet on those grounds , Berlusconi should have died a political death long ago , rather than coming a very close second in this week 's Italian elections . Foreigners , perhaps , will always remain baffled by Berlusconi 's success in continuing to attract voters . But Italians , horrified by him though plenty of them are , tend to be a lot less surprised . That is because they think of him in context , rather than in isolation . In Italian politics , the context is all . What this means , and what it meant for Berlusconi 's remarkable feat in nearly doubling his share of the vote between his opinion poll ratings in November 2012 and the election itself , can be laid out in the following evidently misleading indicators : He makes unbelievable promises . In part this is true : one of Berlusconi 's traits is his willingness to say one thing today and the opposite tomorrow , to attract attention from different groups or on different occasions , totally without shame . Italians know this , and those who support him tend to see it as an endearing part of his character , part of his desire to entertain and to please . But also it is misleading : the key promise he made during the 2013 election campaign was entirely believable -- that he would cut or even abolish a dreaded property tax , known by its Italian initials as IMU . His record makes him untrustworthy . Yes , on overall economic policy . But not on taxes . He has promised to cut them before , and has delivered on at least some of those promises . The promise to cut IMU was made in an incredibly artful way , as he wrote to voters saying he would pay them back for the tax from his own pocket , which very few will have believed . But that did not matter : it drew attention to the proposal in an eye-catching way , and reinforced the only important point -- that he would cut the tax . Opinion : Italy 's election leaves country , and eurozone , on financial high-wire He is irresponsible . Yes , but so is almost everyone to the cynical Italian political mind . His plan for how to finance this tax cut had as many holes in it as a sieve , but that did not really matter . It would have to be financed by taxes on other people , or cuts in spending on other things . Fine , said his voters : at least this awful tax will go . In offering a relentless focus on that tax , he showed that he was listening to the pain of his voters and taking them seriously , rather than talking down to them like most other parties . His trials and sex scandals make him a national shame . Not really , though at times his behavior has stretched even the Italian tolerance . But the context is important : plenty of people think the justice system works disastrously badly in Italy , so if Berlusconi is caught up in it -- like so many others -- then so what ? And his sex scandals are really part of his own marketing plan : he cavorts with scantily clad young women in order to make himself look glamorous , young , entertaining and happy . Moreover , his antics with women act as a distraction from his other weaknesses , like a kind of tranquillizer for those who might otherwise get angry with him . A lot of Italians , especially young women , hate him for this . But enough either do n't care or are sympathetic enough to him to mean that this does not harm him fatally in political terms . His opponents are more statesmanlike and responsible . Yes , that is true of Mario Monti , the caretaker prime minister for the past year who then decided to run in the elections with a centrist list of candidates . But it is not particularly true of his big opponents -- including the left-wing Democratic Party , which has its own scandals , its own selfish interests and , during the election campaign , its own evidence of the abuse of political power in the case of Italy 's third-largest  and oldest  bank , Monte dei Paschi di Siena , whose business was allegedly run and distorted in the interests of local Democratic Party politicians in that area . So the PD  by its Italian initials  is also viewed as selfish by the public , neutralizing Berlusconi 's disadvantage on that measure . Since both the PD leader , Pier Luigi Bersani , and Monti are dull , leaden communicators who failed to offer any positive , hopeful message for their voters , the way was opened for Berlusconi . News : Italy seeks way out of political chaos Only one party in the election really stood for change : the Five Star Movement of Beppe Grillo . This meant that Berlusconi 's old-fashioned , tax-cutting message , geared towards preserving his own political power , had plenty of space in which to operate . And although Berlusconi did not stand for change , he was at least cheerful , smiling and entertaining . Politics is now all about personalities , as was shown by the rise of Grillo , but he and Berlusconi are opposites in this regard . It is true that the discrediting of traditional political parties , combined with the preeminence of television , has given personalities a huge advantage in Italian politics , even if neither the PD nor Monti seemed able to grasp this . Personalities and even personal stories breed attention and loyalty , even if from different groups . One of the last Italian politicians to understand and exploit this was , unfortunately , Benito Mussolini . Oh , and did I forget to mention that Berlusconi owns Italy 's three main commercial TV channels and its biggest advertising sales agency , and has billions of euros in cash to hand around to supporters and allies ? Well , that is n't a misleading indicator . But it is a reason , perhaps too obvious to dwell upon , for Berlusconi 's continuing success at the ripe old age of 76 .	Scandal-plagued three time ex-premier Silvio Berlusconi finished second in Italy 's election Italians and non-Italians have very different views of Berlusconi , argues journalist Bill Emmott For all his faults , Emmott says Berlusconi did better than most at listening to his voters
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Five aid workers -- four Europeans and a Kenyan -- were kidnapped from Kenya 's vast Dadaab refugee complex near the Somali border , police said Friday . Their Kenyan driver was killed , said Philip Ndolo of the Kenyan police . Two other members of staff were injured and are undergoing treatment at a hospital in the capital of Nairobi , officials said . The abductors got away with a vehicle of the Norwegian Refugee Council , a global humanitarian agency . The vehicle 's tracking device indicated that it was still within Kenyan territory . The aid group said the governments and relatives of the aid workers have been notified , but their nationalities will not be revealed . "  In our experience with these types of incidents , the less information we provide on the identity of those abducted , the better , " said Rolf Vestvik , a spokesman for the aid agency . "  We 've also come to this conclusion after being advised by our own security team and after seeking outside security assistance . " The aid agency said only that a convoy "  was involved in an incident " in Dadaab and that Secretary General Elisabeth Rasmusson and Country Director Hassan Khaire were at the camp but neither was in the convoy . Police have launched a search in the area . They would not say whether the kidnappers were from Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked group that is fighting to impose Islamic law in Somalia and controls large parts of the troubled nation . Kenya has blamed previous abductions of tourists and aid workers on Al-Shabaab . In September , armed bandits broke into a beachfront cottage where Britons Judith and David Tebbutt , both in their 50s , were staying . David Tebbutt was shot dead while trying to resist the attack . His wife was grabbed and spirited away on a speedboat . She was released months later in Somalia after her family paid a ransom . In October , pirates made another cross-border raid , this time snatching a French woman in her 60s , who used a wheelchair and was believed to be in bad health , from a holiday home on Manda Island , where she lived part of the year . She later died , likely because of the kidnappers ' refusal to give her medicine , according to the French Foreign Ministry . Also in October , gunmen abducted two Spanish workers with the medical charity Doctors Without Borders from Dadaab , the world 's largest refugee camp , which houses nearly 500,000 people about 50 miles west of the Somali border . Journalist Lillian Leposo contributed to this report .	NEW : Two other staff members are injured The aid workers are with the Norwegian Refugee Council The abductors get away with a refugee council vehicle Kenya has blamed previous abductions on the militant Al-Shabaab group
PEOPLE.com  -- As if you could n't tell by that massive rock taking up residence on her ring finger , Kim Kardashian is a big fan of bling . And the reality-star-turned-fashion-designer continues to channel her sparkly aesthetic as her Belle Noel jewelry collection -- created in collaboration with designer Pascal Mouawad -- enters into its third season . "  I love to accessorize . I think more is more when it comes to fun accessories , " the newlywed  in Milly  tells WWD of her taste in jewelry , which she describes as "  both glitz and glam , polished and put together . " But just because Kardashian likes her ice does n't mean she never goes without it . "  I do n't wear it to work out , " she admits . "  I see women coming to the gym with earrings on . I ca n't do it . " Same goes for bedtime , she says . "  For some reason I need it all off , though people do ... sleep with their earrings on . " While she 's enjoyed collaborating with her sisters on items like their book , "  Kardashian Konfidential , " and their "  Kardashian Kollection " clothing line for Sears , the star admits she does love having a jewelry line to call her own . "  It 's something I do independently from my sisters . That 's kind of rewarding when they see pieces and really like it and want it , " she shares . "  It 's all mine . " See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I think more is more when it comes to fun accessories , " Kardashian says Kardashian likes her ice , but she does n't wear it to the gym Kardashian admits that she loves having a jewelry line to call her own
Sochi , Russia  CNN  -- The Olympic city has a dog problem . Thousands of stray canines wander the streets and suburbs of Sochi . They can be seen loping through the recently completed parks and housing developments that have sprung up around what was once a sleepy Black Sea resort . In the countdown to the Winter Games , Russian animal rights activists have accused city authorities of ramping up a campaign to exterminate street dogs through the use of poison . Yulia Krasova says she witnessed the long , agonizing death of a street dog when she walked out of a movie theater in Sochi two weeks ago . "  At first I thought someone beat the dog , " she recalled . "  The dog jumped up and started running around in circles . Then she fell down and started spitting up ... I called the veterinarian . He said there is a 100 % guarantee the dog was poisoned . " Krasova filmed the dying dog with her cell phone . So did Irina Gutnik , another Sochi resident . Gutnik said she encountered a dog convulsing and barking in fear and pain in Sochi 's Bitka neighborhood in December . "  They always poison the street dogs here , " Krasova said . "  But in December it got terrible ... they began poisoning the animals terribly before the Olympics . " Reports of the widespread culling of animals have put city and Olympic officials on the defensive . "  All stray dogs that are found on the Olympic Park are collected by a professional veterinary contractor for the well-being of the people on the Park and the animals themselves , " the Sochi 2014 Organizing Committee said in a statement this week . "  All healthy animals are released following their health check . " Vladimir Makarenko , the head of the administration for Sochi 's Hostinski district , said volunteers were welcome to take stray dogs to a brand new shelter recently opened on the outskirts of the city . But the announcement of new government-backed shelter was met with deep distrust by members of the grassroots network of animal rights activists in Sochi . "  Over the last couple of days , when this uproar began , they built this new shelter just for the media , " said Vlada Provotorova , a dentist who built her own make-shift shelter to protect dogs from extermination . Animal rights activists in Sochi sent CNN photos of three recent contracts signed between the Sochi city government and Basia Services , a company headquartered in Rostov-on-Don . In one of the documents , dated May 24 , 2013 , the city government agreed to pay the company 99,450 rubles -LSB- roughly $ 2,800 -RSB- for the "  trapping and gathering of neglected animals . " CNN made several attempts to speak by phone with executives at Basia Services . Company representatives declined to respond to allegations their employees poisoned street animals . As alarm grows among Russian dog lovers , some animal rights activists have taken matters into their own hands . Last month , one Muscovite , Igor Airapetyan , drove all the way to Sochi to pick up a van-load of street dogs that he then "  evacuated " to the Russian capital . Video of the journey trip was posted on a Facebook page titled "  Death in Sochi . " Meanwhile , Provotorova and several friends continue to donate time and money to feed , house and sterilize the dozen street dogs they placed in a small kennel they built on the outskirts of Sochi . This week , the dogs barked and wagged their tails madly when Provotorova and several other volunteers arrived with fresh supplies of dog food . "  We are protecting them from Basia , " said Provotorova said . "  I do n't blame the Olympics , " said Dina Filippova , as she scrubbed out the kennels with a mop . "  We do n't have a sterilization program , so there is a huge amount of stray dogs here and authorities try to control them . They ca n't . " Filippova , a lawyer living in Sochi , argued Russia needs new legislation for the protection and management of animals . "  In Russia , you can abuse animals and it 's not a crime . You can buy and adopt an animal and release it on the street , it 's not a crime , " she said . "  You have no legal obligation to sterilize your dog or cat . " Filippova and Provotorova both conceded that their families often accused them of being "  crazy " about animals . But one of their fellow volunteers had another explanation for why she devoted so much time to caring and feeding for homeless animals . "  At my age I prefer taking care of animals , " said Valentina Slivat , who described herself as a "  simple Soviet nurse " who worked at a hospital in Sochi . A fluffy street dog named "  Pushistik " followed Slivat constantly around the kennel , and periodically leaped into her arms . "  People have hands , legs , brains . But animals have been abandoned . We need to save them , " the nurse said . CNN 's Gena Somra contributed to this report .	Russian animal rights activists accuse authorities of campaign to exterminate street dogs Government-backed shelter met with distrust by animal rights groups Reports of the widespread culling of animals put city and Olympic officials on the defensive
CNN  -- Reeling from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster , Tokyo Electric Power Co.  TEPCO  has effectively been nationalized after Tokyo approved a request for a 1 trillion yen  $ 12.5 billion  injection of capital . TEPCO supplies power to nearly 30 million people in the Tokyo region and was once valued at more than $ 150 billion . But the nuclear disaster that followed Japan 's historic earthquake and tsunami in March 2011 has left it dependent on government support . The plan , approved by Trade and Industry Minister Yukio Edano Wednesday , would give the government control of more than 50 % of the company , and could increase its hold to two-thirds of the company stock . "  Without the state funds ,  TEPCO  can not provide a stable supply of electricity , " Edano told reporters at a news conference . However , Edano hoped the government would relinquish control within two years if the restructuring plan successfully returns the company to profitability . "  It will depend on how well TEPCO carries out restructuring measures , " Edano told reporters . In the 10-year plan , TEPCO has vowed to cut 3.3 trillion yen in costs and turn a profit by March 2014 . The company has planned a 10 % rate increase for electricity , which the government has yet to approve . The company also hopes to bring back some of its nuclear reactors online . As of last weekend , all of Japan 's nuclear reactors were offline for the first time in four decades as the Tomari Nuclear Power Plant 's reactor 3 in Hokkaido was shut down for maintenance . In the wake of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster , reactors have not been allowed back on , making Japan now the first major economy to see the modern era without nuclear power . The national government 's ruling party , the Democratic Party of Japan , has been urging local communities to allow reactors to return to operation . The party 's deputy policy chief , Yoshito Sengoku , bluntly said without nuclear energy the world 's third-largest economy would suffer . "  We must think ahead to the impact on Japan 's economy and people 's lives , if all nuclear reactors are stopped . Japan could , in some sense , be committing mass suicide , " said the party 's deputy policy chief , Yoshito Sengoku . Japan 's biggest business lobby , Keidanren , joined the plea in an April press conference . "  We can not possibly agree to do the kind of energy saving yet again this year , or every year from now on , " said Chairman Hiromasa Yonekura , referring to the country 's efforts to turn off air conditioners and shift operation of production lines to weekends . "  The government must bring the nuclear power stations back into operation . " The tsunami that followed last year 's magnitude-9 quake swamped the Fukushima Daiichi plant , knocking out power to cooling systems and leading to meltdowns in its three operating reactors . The resulting release of radioactivity forced residents of several towns near the plant to flee their homes , and a 20-kilometer  12.5-mile  zone around the plant remains closed to the public . CNN 's Kyung Lah , Anne Renzenbrink and the CNN Wire staff contributed to this report	The trade and Industry Minister Yukio Edano approved a request for a 1 trillion yen injection In the 10-year plan , TEPCO has vowed to turn a profit by March 2014 All of Japan 's nuclear reactors are now offline for the first time in four decades
CNN  Shiver me timbers : Archaeologists have unveiled some unnerving medical tools found amid the wreckage of Blackbeard 's Queen Anne 's Revenge . Linda Carnes-McNaughton , a volunteer archaeologist on the project , recently presented what she and other researchers from the North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources discovered about the equipment at the Society for Historical Archaeology 's annual meeting . Among the more cringe-inducing findings were a urethral syringe used to inject mercury for the treatment of syphilis and a clyster pump used to deliver medical enemas for "  quicker absorption . " "  We just have to understand that these people were suffering , " Carnes-McNaughton said . "  They were seeking relief for any kind of ailment , and certainly if there was warfare on the water , there were wounds among other ailments that needed treatment . It was n't always a formally trained person in desperate times . That 's probably more common than we know . " She added that this time period was still "  the era of mystical medical treatments " and that outward symptoms were often treated rather than the underlying causes . Edward Teach , better known as Blackbeard , ran the Queen Anne 's Revenge aground in 1718 . The shipwreck was discovered in 1996 off the coast of North Carolina , and archaeologists have completed about 60 % of the excavation . Queen Anne 's Revenge was originally La Concorde de Nantes , a French slave ship , that also carried three surgeons , or doctors , to ensure the wellness of those aboard . Those three surgeons remained with the ship after Blackbeard took over to help with the new crew 's maladies .	Archaeologists excavated medical supplies from Blackbeard 's ship Many of the supplies were used to treat syphilis , a common disease among pirates
Washington  CNN  -- The candidate who campaigned on ending American-fought wars has become a president who finds himself repeatedly deciding on , planning for and sometimes declining military incursions . After authorizing a troop surge in Afghanistan , air support in Libya , and limited military aid to rebels in Syria , President Barack Obama has now decided to send advisers to Iraq , where Sunni militants are on the move . The tension that often exists between the executive and legislative branches over foreign intervention , however , is largely absent for now . Obama diffused any criticism from Congress by notifying it earlier this week that he was dispatching 275 troops to Iraq to bolster security at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad . He wrote in a letter to lawmakers that it was "  part of my efforts to keep the Congress fully informed , consistent with the War Powers Resolution . " After meeting with senior members of the House and Senate on Thursday , lawmakers reported that Obama insisted that he had the authority for any military action , based on authorization from Congress in 2011 and 2003 . Obama then announced the limited action involving advisers and support for the Iraqi military , and that American combat troops would not be part of the equation . Obama : Military advisers will go to Iraq , but U.S. not returning to combat No complaining He also left the door open for "  targeted and precise military action " later on , if the situation required . Congress has not complained about an overreach of presidential power . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said she believed Obama has the authority he needs for the actions he 's announced . They could , however , invoke the War Powers Act -- also known as the War Powers Resolution -- if Obama decides on steps that might include limited drone or air strikes strikes , or any use of ground troops . Sen. Chris Murphy , D-Connecticut , who is pushing to approve a resolution on the criteria for authorizing military force to replace the one approved after 9/11 , also believes Obama has the authority to carry out the measures he 's committed to so far . "  But if the President is proposing a long-term commitment of military advisers or a more robust presence than just 300 assets on the ground , then I think he needs to come to the Congress for authorization , " Murphy said . Obama also promised on Thursday to "  consult closely " with Congress throughout the process . "  Consult " is a broad term that based on previous yet similar scenarios likely means discussing with select members rather than seeking formal authorization . Obama 's history Discussing "  with relevant members " is what Obama did while considering military action in response to the use of chemical weapons by the regime of Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad last year . Many members of Congress were against such action , and it never came about as Syria ultimately agreed to relinquish its chemical stockpiles . Obama did not seek congressional consent when he authorized action by U.S. warplanes as part of a NATO air mission in Libya , nor when the United States expanded operations in Afghanistan . In both instances , members of Congress complained loudly , but he defended his decisions . In the case of Libya , the President said at the time that U.S. troops would not be on the ground and so the law did n't apply . In Afghanistan , Obama said congressional authorization to use force approved in 2001 sufficed . The good and the bad : President Obama 's military options in Iraq War Powers legislation While the War Powers Act is an effort to give Congress more say in matters when U.S. troops are sent to war , it 's been a point of contention . Congress passed the latest measure in 1973 in response to steps taken by the executive branch during Vietnam , overriding a veto at the time by President Richard Nixon . The law requires that the president seek consent from Congress before force is used or within 60 days of the start of hostilities , and that the president provide Congress with reports throughout the conflict . Presidents do n't often follow it , saying it violates the chief executive 's constitutional authority as commander-in-chief . "  Where you stand on this issue depends on where you sit , " said Kal Raustiala , professor of law at UCLA , previously told CNN . That 's why when Obama was a senator and candidate for president , he said the President ca n't authorize a military attack unless it involves "  stopping and actual or imminent threat to the nation . " But now he , as president , has followed the precedent set by those before him who bypassed Congress . Since the law 's passage in 1973 , the President used military force without congressional consent in Grenada in 1983 , Panama in 1989 , Iraq in 1991 , Haiti in 1994 and Kosovo in 1999 . A congressionally approved force resolution to pursue al Qaeda after 9/11 was the underlying authorization to go into Afghanistan , and a separate one was approved in 2002 to invade Iraq . Obama says ` small number ' of military advisers going to Iraq Opinion : Can Obama avoid mission creep in Iraq ? Transcript : Obama 's remarks on U.S. response to Iraq crisis CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Obama says he is consulting Congress in accordance with the War Powers Act Congress mostly agrees that the President has authority for now President argued against congressional OK for action in Libya War Powers Resolution passed in 1973 over Nixon 's veto
ASPEN , Colorado  CNN  -- A man delivered bombs wrapped as Christmas presents to two banks Wednesday along with a note threatening "  mass death " if they did not turn over tens of thousands of dollars , police in Aspen , Colorado , said Thursday . A surveillance camera photo supplied by Aspen police shows the man identified as James Blanning . Authorities were quickly alerted , and the man apparently halted his plan , leaving two bombs that were intended for other banks in an alley , police said . "  You had better be a very cool individual and not start a panic or many in Aspen will pay a horrible price in blood , " said the note , which was released by police . The man , identified as James Blanning , 72 , who had had previous run-ins with law enforcement , was later found dead after apparently shooting himself , police said . Watch how the situation unfolded " His body was found in his car in a rural area east of Aspen . "  At this point , we believe Blanning was acting alone , " Aspen Assistant Police Chief Bill Linn said Thursday . Authorities ordered the evacuation of a 16-block area of Aspen on New Year 's Eve , one of the busiest nights of the year for the resort town , after the bombs were found . Linn said that it is impossible to calculate how much revenue businesses in the area lost on New Year 's Eve because of the bomb scare but that it was easily "  in the millions . " Bomb squads ultimately detonated the devices , and no one was injured . Linn praised the banks for their "  clearheaded response " in immediately alerting authorities on Wednesday . The calls to police came about 2:30 p.m. Wednesday . Blanning had delivered "  large plastic tubs " containing "  wrapped Christmas-style presents " along with a threatening note to a Wells Fargo Bank branch and a Vectra Bank branch , police said . Watch how notes threatened destruction " Repeatedly using the word "  we , " as though a group of people was behind the plot , the obscenity-filled note described a bomb filled with "  unique chemicals and electronics " and demanded that $ 60,000 in hundred-dollar bills be handed over in 20 minutes outside the bank . The note also refers to the Iraq war and describes President Bush as "  Rove 's and Chaney 's -LSB- sic -RSB- monkey . " Read note police say was left by suspected bomber " "  This is as much a suicide mission as a bank robbery , " the note said . The devices in the alley were first to be detonated , Linn said . "  They were found to contain improvised incendiary devices made of gasoline and containing what appeared to be cell phone actuators and anti-tamper devices , " he said . Authorities could n't determine whether the bombs would have worked . When one bomb was detonated at Wells Fargo Bank , it triggered a fireball that was quickly extinguished , but authorities do n't know whether that was the result of the detonation or the device itself activating , Linn said . When Blanning 's body was found in his vehicle , he had "  at least a rifle " with him , and may have had other weapons as well , Linn said . Authorities say the man also delivered a hand-written note to the Aspen Times . A copy of the note showed a 10-line printed scrawl that included the words "  Will & Testament " and "  2 crime scenes " with two apparent addresses of apartments in Denver . "  For the first two years I was in prison I woke up every morning wishing I was dead . Now it comes to pass . I was and am a good man , " the note begins . Public records show that Blanning was convicted of several crimes , including forgery and theft , in 1996 in Rio Blanco County in northwest Colorado . His sentence was scheduled to end in 2009 , but he was out of prison on parole . In 1994 , the Rocky Mountain News published a story about Blanning , then 58 . "  An embittered man with a rope around his neck held off authorities from a perch on the roof of the Pitkin County Courthouse in Aspen for seven hours Thursday , " the story said . Blanning ultimately surrendered in that incident , according to authorities quoted in that story . CNN left a phone message at a Denver address for Blanning found via a public records search . The call , which sought comment from a representative for him , was not immediately returned . No public statement has been made on Blanning 's behalf . Substantial business was lost Wednesday evening , according to a report in the Rocky Mountain News . Watch a "  surreal situation " in Aspen " "  This has got to be the worst for us . ... Outside the Fourth of July , this is the cash cow of all cash cows , " the newspaper quoted the on-call manager of the Molly Gibson Lodge in Aspen as saying . "  Most of the restaurants are going to be terribly hurt . " "  People are losing so much money , it 's crazy , " Monique Wagner , front desk clerk at the Hyatt Grand Hotel , told the newspaper .	NEW : Man delivered note that mentions "  Will & Testament , " "  2 crime scenes " Bomb threat cost resort town millions on one of the busiest nights of the year Body of James Blanning , 72 , and weapons found in car east of Aspen Two bombs left on sled in alley likely intended for other banks , police said
Misrata , Libya  CNN  -- The eyes of 15-year-old Nasser are fixed on a small metal part that belongs to a massive metal gun . He scrubs every tiny little crevice with a toothbrush until the bristles bend in awkward directions from the strain . This is how he now spends his time six days a week for 10 hours a day in the open yard of a makeshift weapons workshop . Nasser is one of Misrata 's children . A boy who for more than 100 days suffered the frightening sounds of rockets falling from the sky and tanks blasting their way through the city as government forces battled to control the uprising against it from Misrata 's citizens . "  It was really scary , " he said . "  People really suffered especially during the first days of the war . There was not really anything , we lacked everything . " GPS : Five reasons stalemate is devastating Four months later school is still out but the fighting has been pushed to three fronts outside the city . There is little for children to do . Nasser has found something along with a few other boys and he dismisses those who say children should n't be working on machines of war . "  I 'd tell them to get back to work and try to understand the situation we are living these days , " the 15-year-old said and quietly went back to putting together the gun he had just finished cleaning . The adult men working in the same area have nothing but good things to say about the effort the youth are making even the youngest among them . "  When I saw our young people my feeling is great , " Ali Mohamed said . "  Our children , they will be the future of our country and they should know how they defend our city . " Gadhafi loyalists launch fresh assault on Misrata The reality is rebel fighters are short on gun power and need whatever help they can get in order to obtain more weapons . They say defending the city means using all kinds of makeshift weaponry on Misrata 's three battlefronts . The heaviest and most powerful guns are usually attached to pick-up trucks . The guns are often taken off tanks and re-purposed elsewhere . The tanks that are captured are usually burned or otherwise rendered useless but there are a few that have survived intact , and yet with all the shortages of weaponry not one is being used on Misrata 's front lines . NATO : Time to plan for post-Gadhafi Libya "  We can not use the tanks because we received orders from NATO not use them so they put restrictions on how we can use them , " rebel fighter Mohamed Wabash tells CNN . There is frustration setting in as opposition fighters have also been told to hold their positions but in this spontaneous uprising , war has not been meticulously planned . Strategies are being hatched in real time as the fighting rages on . Rebels make their first oil sale But rebels on Misrata 's western front made an unexpected move forward after they say Gadhafi forces tried to once again advance toward the city . Rebels fought back with all their make-shift weapons and managed to push Gadhafi forces three kilometers west inching them that much farther toward the rebels goal , the capital of Tripoli .	Nasser spends most of his time now in the yard of a weapons workshop Libyan rebels say they can use all the help they can get With schools closed by the fighting , young people have little to do
CNN  -- Frank Korona lives near the West Virginia-Pennsylvania border with his wife Kathy , in a house that he built with his own hands , on the same property where he grew up . He served in the Army Special Forces in Vietnam . The Koronas have a long , proud tradition of military service , but their family 's greatest losses have been to heart disease . "  Our family has shrunk tremendously . We 've lost so many people through death , " Kathy says . In 1992 , Frank 's brother Bob died in his arms , suffering a heart attack on their kitchen floor . Parents , siblings , aunts , uncles and cousins have all died from complications from heart disease , too . The Koronas point them out in a graveyard near their home . Frank and Kathy have both had heart attacks , and both have stents holding their blood vessels open . The birth of their grandson Caleb led them to try harder to extend their lives . So last year , the couple joined the Dean Ornish Program for Reversing Heart Disease . Medicare , the government health insurance program for Americans 65 and older , covers the Ornish program , which teaches a plant-based , meatless diet , meditation and regular exercise . The program was officially declared an intensive cardiac rehab program in 2010 , and the first patients started in May 2011 . Ornish is a persistent advocate within the halls of government . There are mountains of scientific evidence that his recommended lifestyle changes do reverse heart disease , the No. 1 killer in the United States and worldwide . Helping patients make these lifestyle changes costs Medicare about $ 70 per hour , and patients can receive up to 72 one-hour sessions . Proponents of preventative medicine point out that that cost is still much less than operations and medications . Ornish believes that fear can not motivate lifestyle change in people long-term . Change has to be about feeling better and having more zest for life . The greater the change , the better the feeling , he says . That seems to ring true for the Koronas . Despite the grim history of heart disease , they say it 's how good they feel that keeps them living the lifestyle that their neighbors sometimes find strange . "  If I was going to be able to participate as a grandparent in his life , that gave me another incentive , that really did , " Kathy explains . "  But in order to do that , I needed to feel good about myself first . " The Koronas ' favorite yoga positions are "  cobra " and "  fish , " and their favorite pizza is meatless meat-lovers , made with soy pepperoni and soy "  ground beef . " "  Usually at the end of the session , the instructor will say , ` Now the reward , get into the total relaxation pose , ' and we do that , and it just feels so good , " Kathy says . Together the Koronas have lost 85 pounds on the program , and Frank is off of four medications . Hospitals can now bill Medicare for their patient 's yoga and group discussion sessions because the Ornish program is an approved intensive cardiac rehab program , a new class of cardiac rehab created by Congress in 2009 . Traditional cardiac rehab , developed in the 1950s and covered by Medicare since 1982 , focuses almost exclusively on exercise -- getting patients out of bed and the blood flowing again . But in the 1970s , Ornish and others began leading experiments to test whether improving diet and stress levels could make a difference for those with heart disease . In the following decades the researchers published volumes of studies in peer-reviewed journals that became the basis of the Dean Ornish Program for Reversing Heart Disease . There are four components to the program : nutrition , stress management , moderate exercise and group support . Part of the underlying cause for widespread heart disease , explains Ornish , is chronic loneliness and isolation , which lead to stress and bad habits . When people feel emotionally close to others , they 're physiologically healthier , too , so Medicare is paying for it . "  The reason that I spent 16 years working with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to achieve Medicare coverage for our program is that I knew that most insurance companies follow Medicare 's lead . In other words , if Medicare covered our program , most other insurance companies would , as well , " explains Ornish , who also says he was once naive in thinking that solid science alone would be enough to change health care policy . "  Reimbursement as well as science are primary determinants of medical practice . If it 's not reimbursable , it 's not sustainable . "	Dean Ornish Program for Reversing Heart Disease is covered by Medicare Patients do yoga , eat a plant-based , meatless diet and meditate regularly Kathy and Frank Korona have lost 85 pounds on the program
CNN  -- As any seasoned observer of the political dance could have predicted , Mitt Romney 's debate performance on Wednesday completed his full-circle journey of ideology . When Romney ran for governor of Massachusetts in 2002  and for senator in 1994  he was a Republican moderate in the mold of his father . When he began his marathon run  s  for president way back in the middle of the last decade he went through a battlefield conversion . He morphed into a "  severely " conservative primary candidate , leaning so far to the right he might have suffered from mild attacks of vertigo . Wednesday night a national audience witnessed a kind of homecoming as Romney embraced the successes of his adopted blue state . Romney 's ardor for the good times he had as governor came after he spent the last two cycles of Republican primaries ridiculing Massachusetts ' liberal tendencies , describing his experience among the lefties as being "  a vegetarian at a cattle ranch . " The Romney we saw on Wednesday was subtly different . He loved education , hated tax deductions , enjoyed working with Democrats and claimed the Romneycare precursor of Obamacare as his own . Romney starts to fill in blanks on his tax plan He told the debate 's moderator , Jim Lehrer : "  Jim , I had the great experience -- it did n't seem like it at the time -- of being elected in a state where my legislature was 87 % Democrat . And that meant I figured out from day one I had to get along and I had to work across the aisle to get anything done . We drove our schools to be No. 1 in the nation . We cut taxes 19 times . " In short , he painted a portrait of bipartisan bliss . No surprises there . The passage of presidential candidates from the extreme margins of their parties ' base to the center is as predictable as the annual migration of buzzards from Miami to Hinckley , Ohio . Still , as a public service , a quick examination of Romney 's new embrace of Massachusetts is in order . But before we get into the details , tuck away this truism on the ways of Massachusetts politics . Governors come and go ; the overriding constant is an overwhelming Democratic majority in the state legislature . It has the final , veto-proof say on budgets , laws and policy . To credit any Bay State governor for a balanced budget or blame him for a high unemployment rate is akin to holding him responsible for the weather . Let 's take it by categories . Education In the debate , Romney stressed the importance of education , noting more than once that Massachusetts leads the nation in education outcomes . This is largely true , depending on which metric you use  and if you ignore the fact that there are poorer communities in the state that resemble the education outcomes of Mississippi and Texas  . But what was Romney 's role in all this ? He inherited an education system that had been trending to the top of national rankings over the previous decade . In 2003 , the year he took office , Massachusetts high school seniors were first in SAT scores and among the top three in percentage of students taking the test . The state continued to rank at the top during and after Romney 's term . Massachusetts public schools receive state aid under a law called Chapter 70 . The budget ritual begins with the governor setting a number for Chapter 70 distributions . That is usually changed when the legislature 's budget committees take over . In his 2004 fiscal year proposal  the state 's budget calendar runs from July 1 to June 30  Romney actually budgeted more Chapter 70 money than the legislature settled on . But there is an asterisk that goes with that . Opinion : Romney 's demographic bind Romney 's plan would have robbed Peter to pay Paul , cutting other state aid to municipalities to fund his largess to education . The legislature smoothed the differences by returning some of the education money to the other account . In subsequent budget years the legislature raised Romney 's proposed education funding by amounts ranging from $ 3 million to $ 50 million on total Chapter 70 funding of $ 3 billion annually , according to state records . Romney gets average marks when it comes to other education issues . His administration launched no major initiatives or reforms . Higher education funding and the state university system 's infrastructure languished in his four years as governor -- a time , to be fair , when there was little additional money in the budget . Budget/Taxes Romney brags that he did n't raise taxes in Massachusetts even though the state budget faced a $ 3 billion budget gap when he took office . It is true ; he did n't . Instead he proposed , and the legislature accepted , dozens of increases on state fees . Marriage licenses went from $ 4 to $ 50 . The cost of registering deeds and mortgages quadrupled  $ 25 to $ 100  and driving permits doubled to $ 30 . Romney also proposed raising the firearms registration fee from $ 25 to $ 75 . Despite howls from gun owners , the legislature joined in and raised the fee to $ 100 while extending the life of the license from four to six years . Romney 's proposal included a new $ 10 fee to acquire a state certificate of blindness and $ 15 for a photo identification card . The legislature removed that provision . The total revenue raised by Romney and the legislature remains a matter of debate . Romney 's campaign says fees rose a total of $ 240 million in the 2004 fiscal budget ; others , including the Cato Institute , put the figure around $ 500 million . Another matter in the Romney revenue debate is the $ 350 million to $ 375 million he raised annually for three years by closing business tax loopholes . Romney has contended his move was not a tax increase . Massachusetts business organizations had a different opinion at the time . So did his Republican rivals during the brutal primary season . Opinion : Romney shakes up the race Romney did benefit from a tax increase - a $ 1.1 billion tax hike passed by Democrats a year before he took office -- that helped cut the looming deficit . On the other side of the coin , Romney 's claim of 19 tax cuts during his term is a bit too self-generous by definition and scope since a number of "  cuts " originated in the legislature . Among them , a one-year delay in a capital gains tax increase enacted before he took office , prescription drug and property tax relief for seniors , tax breaks for commuters and veterans , a business deduction for installing automatic sprinkler systems , extensions of temporary tax breaks and two ritual sales tax holidays for one weekend in August . Working with the opposition In criticizing Obama 's testy relationship with Republicans in Congress , Romney proudly noted his good times with Massachusetts Democratic legislators . "  I like the fact that in my state , we had Republicans and Democrats come together and work together , " Romney scolded the president . "  What you did instead was to push through a plan without a single Republican vote . " Romney 's situation was something of a mirror image . He was unable to push anything through that the Democratic leadership did n't like , including 800 vetoes Romney issued as governor . The legislature overrode all but a few vetoes issued when it was out of session . On Wednesday night Romney used his weekly meetings with the House speaker and Senate president as evidence of his ability to work with the other side . The meetings did happen , but not as a result of Romney 's initiative . These weekly sessions have been a regular part of the Statehouse schedule going back at least to the administration of Michael Dukakis . They took place during the 12 years Republicans held the governorship before Romney took office and they continue today . Democratic lawmakers of the time recall Romney as a CEO type who dealt only with the legislative leadership . Even Tom Finneran , the former House speaker who went on to host a conservative talk radio show in Boston , recalls Romney as being imperious when he called legislative leaders in to discuss the budget crisis . "  Initially his sense was , ` I have been elected governor , I am the CEO here , and you guys are the board of directors and you monitor the implementation of what I say , ' " Finneran told The Associated Press in August . "  That ruffled the feathers of legislators who see themselves as an equal branch  of government  . " Opinion : The audacity of Romney 's Etch a Sketch Ironically , the single biggest bipartisan achievement during his administration was the state 's health care reform law that requires all residents to buy health insurance -- i.e. the individual mandate of Obamacare . Legislators of that time give Romney high marks for working with them to get the law refined and passed . The same lawmakers note , with pride , that the Romney-Democratic love fest resulted in legislation that was a model for Obamacare . Welcome home , Mitt . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fred Bayles .	Mitt Romney painted a portrait of bipartisan bliss in his time as Massachusetts governor Fred Bayles says the truth was more complex and nuanced He says Romney had no choice but to cooperate with a Democrat-dominated legislature Bayles : He takes too much credit for things done by others ; health care was a breakthrough
Washington  CNN  -- GOP tempers flared during a routine conference call when House and Senate leadership aides confronted Republican National Committee staffers over recent comments by party chairman Michael Steele . At issue was Steele 's prediction earlier this week during his nationwide book tour that the Republican Party would not take back the House in November -- comments that infuriated Republican strategists on Capitol Hill , who decided to broach the topic during the Wednesday call . The dispute -- first reported by Hotline On Call -- occurred on a daily strategy call with aides from Republican leadership offices in the House and Senate , along with RNC officials . According to a senior House aide who was on the conference call , a Senate staffer said the chairman was trampling on the GOP 's message in a week that saw several high-profile Democratic retirements . The Senate aide told RNC staffers to do a better job controlling their chairman . "  He is digging himself deeper , " the Senate aide griped about Steele , according to the House source . "  He 's got to stop and put an end to this thing . " RNC Research Director Jeff Berkowitz jumped in and "  offered a hard defense of Steele , " according to the senior House aide . Berkowitz shot back that the Senate official was "  out of line , " which then set off a round of "  bickering , " the House aide told CNN . A House aide chimed in to express sympathy with the plight of Steele 's advisers but said the chairman 's remarks could do serious damage to fundraising , candidate recruiting and voter motivation ahead of the midterm elections . "  You guys got to tell us how long this is going to last , " the House aide said . "  Our phones are ringing off the hook . He is putting our bosses in difficult positions . " The call ended shortly thereafter . Asked for comment on the flare-up , RNC spokeswoman Gail Gitcho e-mailed : "  Not commenting on staff calls . " The senior House aide later told CNN that congressional Republicans have "  confronted " Steele over the past year about some of his comments . "  He has been confronted numerous times by Senate leaders and House leaders over the last year , " the aide said . "  They have confronted him about speaking about things he should n't be speaking about , whether it 's Senate policy or House policy . " "  Today , he threw a temper tantrum and told people to shut up , " the aide said , referring to an ABC interview in which Steele lashed out at his critics . "  At this point , he needs to look in the mirror . "	Steele 's prediction that GOP would n't take back House infuriated GOP strategists Senate aide told RNC staffers to do better job controlling Steele , source says RNC research director "  offered a hard defense of Steele , " source says
CNN  Not since Lena Baker , an African-American convicted of murder in Randolph County , has Georgia executed a woman . The state is scheduled to snap that 70-year streak on Wednesday . Kelly Renee Gissendaner , 47 , was convicted in a February 1997 murder plot that targeted her husband in suburban Atlanta . Gissendaner was romantically involved with Gregory Owen and conspired with the 43-year-old to have her husband , Douglas Gissendaner , killed , according to court testimony . Owen wanted Kelly Gissendaner to file for a divorce , but she was concerned that her husband would "  not leave her alone if she simply divorced him , " court documents said . The Gissendaners had already divorced once , in 1993 , and they remarried in 1995 . Details of the crime , as laid out at trial and provided by Georgia Attorney General Sam Olens , are as follows : Owen and Kelly Gissendaner planned the murder for months . On February 7 , 1997 , she dropped Owen off at her home , gave him a nightstick and hunting knife and went out dancing with girlfriends . Douglas Gissendaner also spent the evening away from home , going to a church friend 's house to work on cars . Owen lay in wait until he returned . When Douglas Gissendaner came home around 11:30 p.m. , Owen forced him by knifepoint into a car and drove him to a remote area of Gwinnett County . There , Owen ordered his victim into the woods , took his watch and wallet to make it look like a robbery , hit him in the head with the nightstick and stabbed Douglas Gissendaner in the neck eight to 10 times . Kelly Gissendaner arrived just as the murder took place , but did not immediately get out of her car . She later checked on her husband to make sure he was dead , then Owen followed her in Douglas Gissendaner 's car to retrieve a can of kerosene that Kelly Gissendaner had left for him . Owen set her husband 's car on fire in an effort to hide evidence and left the scene with Kelly Gissendaner . Police discovered the burned-out automobile the morning after the murder , but did not find the body . Authorities kicked off a search . Kelly Gissendaner , meanwhile , went on local television appealing to the public for information on her husband 's whereabouts . Her and Owen 's story started to unravel after a series of police interviews . On February 20 , Douglas Gissendaner 's face-down body was found about a mile from his car . An autopsy determined the cause of death to be knife wounds to the neck , but the medical examiner could n't tell which strike killed Douglas Gissendaner because animals had devoured the skin and soft tissue on the right side of his neck . On February 24 , Owen confessed to the killing and implicated Kelly Gissendaner , who was arrested the next day and charged . While in jail awaiting trial , Kelly Gissendaner grew angry when she heard Owen was to receive a 25-year sentence for his role in the murder .  Owen is serving life in prison at a facility in Davisboro , according to Georgia Department of Corrections records  . She began writing letters to hire a third person who would falsely confess to taking her to the crime scene at gunpoint . She asked her cellmate , Laura McDuffie , to find someone willing to do the job for $ 10,000 , and McDuffie turned Kelly Gissendaner 's letters over to authorities via her attorney . Kelly Gissendaner has exhausted all state and federal appeals , the attorney general said in a statement . The State Board of Pardons and Paroles will consider a clemency request Tuesday . As of late Tuesday afternoon , no decision had been made , said the spokesman for the board . In the clemency application , Gissendaner 's lawyers argue she is equally or less culpable than Owen , who actually did the killing . Both defendants were offered identical plea bargains before trial : life in prison with an agreement to not seek parole for 25 years . Owen accepted the plea bargain and testified against his former girlfriend . Gissendaner was willing to plead guilty , her current lawyers said , but consulted with her trial lawyer and asked prosecutors to remove the stipulation about waiting 25 years to apply for parole . According to her clemency appeal , her lead trial attorney , Edwin Wilson , said he thought the jury would not sentence her to death "  because she was a woman and because she did not actually kill Doug . ... I should have pushed her to take the plea but did not because I thought we would get straight up life if she was convicted . " Her appeal lawyers also argue Gissendaner has expressed deep remorse for her actions , become a model inmate and grown spiritually . They say her death would cause further hardship for her two children . For her last meal , she 's requested an extravagant one : two Burger King Whoppers with cheese  with everything  , two large orders of fries , popcorn , cornbread , a side of buttermilk and a salad with tomatoes , bell peppers , onions , carrots , cheese , boiled eggs and Paul Newman buttermilk dressing , CNN affiliate WGCL-TV in Atlanta reported . She also requested a glass of lemonade and cherry-vanilla ice cream for dessert . Kelly Gissendaner is currently the only woman on Georgia 's death row . She would be the first woman executed in the state since Baker in 1945 . Only 15 women have been executed in the United States since 1977 , according to the Death Penalty Information Center .	Kelly Gissendaner was sentenced to death for a murder plot targeting her husband Her lover at the time committed the murder , then confessed and implicated Gissendaner Gissendaner has requested burgers , fries , popcorn , salad and ice cream for last meal
CNN  -- Grammy Award-winning artist Ricky Martin has long been passionate about helping others , serving as a UNICEF goodwill ambassador and working with Habitat for Humanity . But his main charitable focus is the Ricky Martin Foundation , which he founded to advocate for children around the world . This year , Martin served on the Blue Ribbon Panel that selected the Top 10 CNN Heroes of the Year . He recently spoke to CNN about the Heroes campaign and his philanthropy . Below are excerpts from that interview . CNN : What 's the mission of the Ricky Martin Foundation ? Ricky Martin : It 's about children . It 's about being their voice . Our mission is to advocate on behalf of children 's rights and their well-being in three crucial areas : education , health and social justice . Through our principal project , People for Children , we combat child exploitation that results from human trafficking -- modern-day slavery . Children are n't just our future . They 're our present . Unfortunately , there are children around the world that are being forced into slavery . I 've heard those testimonies , and if we do n't do something about it , we 're allowing it to happen at this point . So it 's been almost 10 years of intense work educating the world about this . Little by little , we 're trying to create awareness that this goes on . CNN : Do you have any anecdotes about your work with your foundation ? Maybe someone your organization has helped that you 're particularly proud of ? Martin : I have many , but rescuing three girls from the impoverished streets of India in 2002 ... was a rude awakening into the reality of human trafficking . It gave me the courage to establish People for Children , and drew the route to my path as an activist . And just recently listening to a boy who has been empowered by our anti-trafficking and leadership seminars , saying he wants to be a teacher for other children , was uplifting . These are moments of grand simplicity and profound awareness . CNN : Why is philanthropic work important to you , and how has it changed your life ? Martin : I am convinced that music , like philanthropy , bridges hope . Once you learn about this heinous crime , you can not turn a blind eye . Knowing that we have prevented children from falling prey to modern-day slavery or that a life was saved by our awareness efforts is invaluable to our mission and human spirit . CNN : What was it like being on the Blue Ribbon Panel that selected the Top 10 CNN Heroes ? Martin : It was a very humbling experience . Their stories served as inspiration , and they also weave a canvas that -LSB- shows that -RSB- in spite of injustices , there are many warriors of light that make our world a better place . CNN : The CNN Heroes campaign honors everyday people doing extraordinary things . Why do you think it 's important to honor the work that these individuals are doing ? Martin : Kudos to CNN for honoring the work that human beings are doing around the world , because -LSB- these Heroes -RSB- are "  little gods , " as I call them . They are making miracles with nothing . They are creating such a beautiful impact on different lives . CNN : What is a hero to you ? What are the qualities of a hero ? Martin : Heroes represent the best of ourselves , respecting that we are human beings . A hero can be anyone from Gandhi to your classroom teacher , anyone who can show courage when faced with a problem . A hero is someone who is willing to help others in his or her best capacity . It can be someone teaching another to write , saving someone in danger or giving up your life for another . Amongst the qualities a hero should have , I would include determination , loyalty , courage , perseverance , patience , focus , intrepidity and selflessness . CNN : Why is important for people to give back ? Martin : It nourishes your soul and enhances the meaning of life .	Ricky Martin started his foundation to advocate for children around the world In 2004 , he started focusing his efforts on human trafficking Martin : "  You can not turn a blind eye " to children being forced into slavery Martin was on the Blue Ribbon Panel that chose this year 's Top 10 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Big spending Monaco paid the price for the indiscretion of their fans last season when held to a goalless draw by Toulouse in Ligue 1 Friday . Claudio Ranieri 's men were playing in an empty Stade Louis II Stadium as punishment for scenes at their final home game of the 2012/13 campaign when flares where thrown and the pitch invaded . Lacking atmosphere , Monaco 's players could find no inspiration after 2-0 wins over Bordeaux and a 4-1 thumping of Montpellier in their opening matches . Emmanuel Riviere , scorer of four goals in those games , and big money signing Radamel Falcao drew blank , but the former did go close twice against his old side in the first half . A shot from Jeremy Toulalan which struck the crossbar late on was the closest Monaco came to scoring but they will top the French standings ahead of the weekend fixtures . Monaco were taken over by Russian billionaire Dmitriy Rybolovlev and his cash injection saw them promoted from Ligue 2 to become one of the favorites for the title this term after bringing in a clutch of star players , including Falcao from Atletico Madrid . Rybolovlev was among the few people allowed to watch Friday night as well as Monaco 's Prince Albert , who saw a game played out in a surreal atmosphere . Meanwhile , Borussia Dortmund went three points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with a 1-0 home win over Werder Bremen . Last season 's Champions League finalists made it three wins from three games thanks to a goal from prolific Poland striker Robert Lewandowski . He met Marco Reus 's cross in the 55th minute to score the only goal of the game . Bundesliga and European champions Bayern Munich can draw level on points with a win over Nuremberg Saturday . Dortmund had the better of the match from the start , inflicting Bremen 's first defeat under new coach Robin Dutt .	Borussia Dortmund beat Werder Bremen 1-0 in Bundesliga Robert Lewandowski with the opener at Signal Iduna Park Monaco held goalless at home to Toulouse Ordered to play the match behind closed doors as punishment
CNN  -- The photograph was shocking : a hooded detainee , in U.S. custody , standing on a box with electrical wires hooked up to his fingers . Images of abuse at Abu Ghraib changed the discourse on the war , says Abdul Rahman al-Rashed of Al-Arabiya TV . That photo , as well as the others depicting detainee abuse inside Abu Ghraib at the hands of U.S. troops , came to symbolize "  America in the eyes of the world at that time , " said CNN chief international correspondent Christiane Amanpour . "  Those pictures unfortunately became symbolic , emblematic of all the troubles that the U.S. faced in the last four years of the Bush administration , particularly given its war in Iraq , " Amanpour said . "  Beyond that , it caused a great deal of outrage around the world . " It was against this backdrop that President Obama reversed course last week , telling government lawyers to object to a court-ordered release of additional images showing alleged abuse of detainees . Military commanders urged him to fight the release of the photos , fearing it would endanger the lives of U.S. soldiers . The photographs first appeared in a report on "  60 Minutes 2 " in late April 2004 , followed by an extensive story on the abuse by award-winning journalist Seymour Hersh in The New Yorker . "  It was a big shock , " said Abdul Rahman al-Rashed , the head of the Dubai-based Al-Arabiya television station . "  It hurt mostly the ones who were for the fall of the Saddam -LSB- Hussein -RSB- regime . ... It was a heated debate in the Middle East at the time -- whether -LSB- the invasion -RSB- was the right decision and whether the Americans had bad intentions or not . " iReport.com : Did Obama make the right call on photos last week ? The fallout was immediate , both overseas and at home . A year into the Iraq war , the American public had grown increasingly uneasy about the direction of the war , and the Abu Ghraib photographs gave anti-war protesters the ammunition they needed to rally around their cause and question Bush administration policies . See Bush administration interrogation tactics " A CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll immediately after the photos were released showed that nearly three-quarters of Americans said the mistreatment of the detainees was unjustified under any circumstances . Bush 's overall performance rating sank to what was then the lowest of his presidency , 46 percent . The poll also showed support for the war at its lowest since before it began , with only 44 percent saying they believed it was worthwhile . See some of the disturbing photos  discretion advised  " It was a blow from which the administration , especially then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , never fully recovered . Amanpour said Obama 's presidential victory and big wins by Democrats in the House and Senate were proof of that . "  The American people said that they wanted their good name , the name of their country , the influence and credibility of their country 's standing , to be restored in the rest of the world , " she said . The photos did what a print report could not do . They showed front-and-center what human rights groups had been saying for months : that the Bush administration was abusing prisoners within U.S. custody . Some photos showed naked prisoners piled on top of each other like a pyramid . Another showed a smiling female U.S. soldier giving a thumbs-up next to a naked , hooded prisoner . As a result of the furor unleashed by the pictures , 11 American soldiers were tried and convicted of Abu Ghraib offenses , and some officers were reprimanded . Al-Rashed said he had expected violations in war , but nothing like "  humiliating individuals in those kinds of scenes . " The Middle East has a "  bloody , long , bad record about torture of prisoners , " he said , but what happened at Abu Ghraib was even more reprehensible because it undercut America 's democratic values . "  You talk about democracy , you talk about the respect of individuality , the freedom . ... The prison pictures just really made us speechless . " "  It was something completely new -- something that we had not seen before in all the dictionary of prisoners and torture and mistreatment . It just weakened the argument completely about the wisdom of getting rid of a regime like Saddam . It made the argument for the other side stronger . " The photographs had a direct impact within the Iraq insurgency . Just days after the photos became public , American contractor Nicholas Berg was beheaded -- with his executioners saying they were retaliating for Abu Ghraib abuses . The insurgents posted video of the killing on the Internet for all to see . "  The publication of these photos would not add any additional benefit to our understanding of what was carried out in the past by a small number of individuals , " Obama said . "  In fact , the most direct consequence of releasing them would be to further inflame anti-American opinion , and to put our troops in greater danger . " Watch Obama explain reversing course " The court had ordered the release in response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by the American Civil Liberties Union . The ACLU said the Pentagon had agreed to release a "  substantial " number of photographs by May 28 . Officials at the Pentagon said the photographs are from more than 60 criminal investigations between 2001 and 2006 and show military personnel allegedly abusing detainees . Obama 's decision has sparked a heated debate on what is best for democracy . Marc Thiessen served in the Bush administration from 2001 to 2009 , including time as Bush 's chief speechwriter . He has said that the "  enhanced interrogations " of detainees worked and has opposed the release of the latest round of prisoner abuse photos . Watch more on the photo debate " "  If these photos had been released , within two seconds flat , they would have been up on jihadi Web sites , and al Qaeda would be using them to incite violence , " he said . ACLU attorney Amrit Singh disagrees , saying terrorists already have plenty of information "  at their disposal to conduct violence . " "  They can conduct all the violence they want without the release of these photographs , " she said . "  So to pick on these photographs as the cause of violence , I think , is a grave mistake . There were people who suffered immensely , the victims of torture depicted in these photographs . It 's for their sake and for the sake of future victims of torture that these photographs must be aired . " She added , "  It is essential that these photographs be released so that the public can know the full scale and scope of prisoner abuse that took place in its name . " Republican strategist Kevin Madden said Obama sided with national security instead of "  the fury of propaganda that would be unleashed against U.S. forces overseas . " He said the liberal left is trying to use the photos "  as a vendetta against the Bush administration . " "  And in that process , what they 're doing is essentially smearing the country as a country that condones detainee abuse and condones the torture , when in fact we do n't , " he said . To that , Singh shot back , "  But what is the limit of that argument ? If gross human rights violations have been committed , do you sweep them under the rug because they will cause outrage ? " Al-Rashed of Al-Arabiya said Obama 's decision did n't get much play in the Arab world last week , mostly because the alleged abuse is n't as "  shocking anymore . " "  It 's not as big news as it used to be , " he said . CNN senior political analyst David Gergen , a former adviser to several Republican presidents and one Democrat , said Obama made a wise political decision , even if he upset the left . "  I think in these situations , you ca n't think about who is going to be pleased and who 's not . I think you have to think about what 's the right decision for the president and assume good policies ultimately make good politics . "	Head of Al-Arabiya says 2004 Abu Ghraib photos "  just really made us speechless " Christiane Amanpour : Photos "  symbolic ... of all the troubles that the U.S. faced " Obama 's decision to fight the release of new round of photos sparks debate ACLU says if more abuses occurred , "  Do you sweep them under the rug ? "
CNN  -- Isolated in the moment , the shooting death of Trayvon Martin may seem a singular tragedy : a teenager mistaken for a criminal by an overzealous neighborhood watchman armed with a gun and backed by a state law that gives greater latitude to people to defend themselves when they feel threatened . But that moment in February in the central Florida town of Sanford was steeped in a history that has haunted the state , the South and the country for generations . No matter the state , the circumstances are eerily familiar : a slaying . Minimal police investigation . A suspect known to authorities . No arrest . Protests and outrage in a racially charged atmosphere . Florida is known for its amusement parks , beaches and pensioners from the North . But history bears out that Florida has been as much a part of the South and its vigilante-enforced racial caste system as Georgia and Alabama . In 1920 , a white mob burned down the black section of Ocoee , Florida , 30 miles west of Sanford , when two "  colored " men tried to vote . The two black men were killed for having gone to the polls . The black people who survived the massacre fled . The town remained all-white for generations . Three years later , a white mob burned and leveled the town of Rosewood , a black settlement by the Gulf of Mexico , 140 miles west of Sanford , after a white woman said a "  colored " man had attacked her . It was where , a survivor said , "  anything that was black or looked black was killed . " It was in 1934 that perhaps the single worst act of torture and execution in 20th-century America happened . In the Florida Panhandle town of Marianna , a farm settlement between Pensacola and Tallahassee , a 23-year-old black field hand named Claude Neal was accused of the rape and murder of a 20-year-old white woman . He was arrested and signed a written confession that some historians have since called into question . A mob of more than 300 men armed with guns , torches and dynamite went searching for Neal in every jail in a 75-mile radius . The manhunt forced authorities to move Neal across the Panhandle -- by car and by boat , with the mob on their trail at every turn -- before they took him out of the state altogether , to the tiny town of Brewton , Alabama . Someone leaked Neal 's whereabouts , and a lynching party stormed the jail and took Neal , his wrists hogtied , back to Marianna . It went over the news wires that he would be lynched the following day . Thousands gathered to see the lynching , so many people that the lynching party , fearing a riot , decided to take him to the woods . There they castrated him and tortured him for hours with such cruelty that one of the lynchers was reported to have thrown up . Neal 's body was dragged through town and hanged from an oak tree on the courthouse lawn , his fingers displayed as souvenirs . No one was ever charged or spent a day in jail for Neal 's murder . In 1951 , the first casualties of the modern civil rights movement , Harry T. Moore , and his wife , Harriette , were fatally wounded in Mims , Florida , 30 miles east of Sanford , when a bomb exploded under their bed on Christmas Day . Moore had been the lone representative of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in Florida , crisscrossing the state to get equal wages for black teachers and the right to vote for blacks , who were denied that right in Florida and the rest of the South . In more recent times , the first major race riots in the post-civil rights era erupted in Miami over a series of shootings of black men at the hands of white police officers who were all acquitted in the slayings . In 1979 , Arthur McDuffie , a black Marine Corps veteran and insurance salesman , was killed after a high-speed chase . The police said he had died from the crash of his motorcycle . But the coroner discovered multiple blunt-force wounds inconsistent with a crash . A police investigation found that the officers had pulled McDuffie from the bike , handcuffed him and took turns beating him with nightsticks and flashlights until he was motionless . The officers then gouged the road with tire tracks and drove over the motorcycle so that there would appear to have been a crash . The officers were acquitted . The verdict set off rioting in Miami in May 1980 that left 18 people dead and more than 1,000 arrested . In 1982 , Nevell Johnson Jr. , a 20-year-old black man , who had worked as a Dade County messenger , was shot dead at a video arcade in Miami by a Cuban-born police officer . The shooting set off three days of rioting in Miami . The officer was acquitted . And in 1989 , a block from the arcade where Johnson was slain , Clement Anthony Lloyd was shot dead on his motorcycle by a Colombian-born police officer after a routine traffic stop . A passenger , also a black male , was killed when the motorcycle crashed . The police officer said he was acting in self-defense . He was acquitted of manslaughter in 1993 in Orlando . Each case has its complexities , and each reflects an atmosphere that extends far beyond the Florida border . It 's a moral challenge not for just one state but for America . Each case has a similar algorithm of caste and controversy in a region where old wounds appear to have yet to heal . But while each of the previous cases seems almost lost to memory now , it is the national outpouring of outrage from people of all backgrounds in response to the Trayvon Martin case that could signal the difference between the last century and this one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Isabel Wilkerson .	Isabel Wilkerson : Trayvon Martin case not first Florida killing with racial overtones and no arrest Black men murdered for trying to vote , black towns burned to ground , she says Wilkerson : Florida has been part of the South and its vigilante-enforced racial caste system The difference in Martin case is people of all backgrounds are outraged , Wilkerson says
New York  CNN  The ceremonial burning of paper money and the melodic sounds of Buddhist chants are marking a weekend of remembrance for the second police officer killed in an ambush by a lone gunman in December -- a sendoff that reflects the changing face of a department once known for its deep Irish and Italian roots . Under a mix of rain and snow , Det. Wenjian Liu was remembered Saturday at Aievoli Funeral Home in Brooklyn , where Mayor Bill de Blasio , Police Commissioner William Bratton , local officials and throngs of uniformed police officers and firefighters gathered at his wake in a sign of the diversity and unity of the nation 's largest city . Liu was 12 when his parents emigrated with him in 1994 , coming to the United States from Canton , China . His police partner , Rafael Ramos , a New York native of Puerto Rican descent , was remembered last week with a massive outpouring at a Protestant church in Queens . With the city and nation divided over the treatment of minorities by their brothers and sisters on the force , the lives of the two fallen officers more closely reflected the city 's diversity . On Sunday , a sea of dark blue drawn from the police forces of New York and beyond is expected to find its way to the funeral home for Liu 's funeral at 11 a.m. ET . When his NYPD colleagues gather there , their boss has an urgent request of them : Please remain reverent throughout the services . Do n't carry out an "  act of disrespect " against anyone , Police Commissioner William Bratton said in a memorandum obtained by CNN . Turning their backs The message was directed at a large group that attended the funeral for Ramos last week and turned their backs on de Blasio as he gave his eulogy . On Saturday , several officers saluted de Blasio when he arrived at the funeral home . It was a repeat protest . They had done it before , the night after the two men were shot dead in their car , when de Blasio entered the hospital to condemn the killing . Some officers accused the mayor of encouraging anti-police fervor due to his support of protests against police brutality . Tens of thousands had taken to the streets in the wake of the death of African-American man Eric Garner during an encounter with white officers . Pat Lynch , head of the Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association , has taken aim at de Blasio , even saying the mayor 's office was stained with the officers ' blood . He has called for searing protest by police officers , and some have heeded that call . But for Sunday 's funeral , Bratton is putting his foot down at a potential repeat by some officers . ` Grieving , not grievance ' "  A hero 's funeral is about grieving , not grievance , " Bratton said . The last display put all NYPD officers in a bad light , he said . "  It stole the valor , honor and attention that rightfully belonged to the memory of detective Rafael Ramos 's life and sacrifice , " his memo read . But he commiserated with the sentiments of many officers . "  As a cop , one who lived and worked through the assassination threats of the 1970s , I understand that emotions are high , " he said . Still the message was clear : Respect the fallen ; honor of the uniform . He expressly said there 'd be no punishment for noncompliance at Liu 's funeral but made sure the request was heard by all . His memo was to be read or displayed at police roll calls through Sunday . The ambush Ramos and Liu were sitting in their squad car in Brooklyn when Ismaaiyl Brinsley ambushed them with a gun December 20 . He shot himself to death in a nearby subway station . Brinsley had a lengthy rap sheet that included gun crimes . Before killing the two men , he had tweeted messages that he would kill police officers in the wake of the deaths of Garner and Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . Bratton promoted Liu and Ramos to the rank of detective first grade during Ramos ' funeral , to rousing applause . Wenjian Liu Liu 's family came to the United States from Canton , China , in search of a better life . He majored in accounting in college , but he opted for a different path , joining the New York Police Department in 2007 . He was proud to serve as an officer , his family said , using his Chinese-language skills whenever they were needed . He got married in September and had been looking forward to having his own family . Liu 's family described him as selfless and kind in an interview given to the New York Daily News . Holding back tears , his father said that as a young officer , Liu once bought a meal for someone he pulled over before guiding him home , he told the Daily News . Liu 's funeral comes five days after his partner 's . His family was waiting for family to come from China . His widow gave a brief statement on the day of Ramos ' funeral , thanking members of the community for their support and sending condolences to the Ramos family . "  This is a difficult time for both of our families , " Pei Xia Chen said , "  but we will stand together and get through this together . " Rafael Ramos Ramos saw his work as a police officer as a ministry and was posthumously appointed honorary NYPD chaplain . He was just hours away from becoming a lay chaplain and graduating from a community-crisis chaplaincy program before his violent death . He left behind a wife , Maritza , and two sons , Justin and Jaden . Vice President Joe Biden , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , de Blasio and Bratton delivered eulogies at his funeral . More than 25,000 police officers from across the country and Canada attended . Officers formed long chains holding hands in prayer . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Fellow officers to say goodbye to Det. Wenjian Liu at a funeral home in Brooklyn on Sunday Do n't carry out an "  act of disrespect " against anyone , police commissioner says in memo At the funeral for Rafael Ramos , some officers turned their backs on Mayor Bill de Blasio
New York  CNN  -- This week I was sent on a three-day work trip to New York because , for some unfathomable reason , these people trust me outside the confines of my cube . Generally speaking , I do n't mind being there . I like my cube . It has Tiki torches . Nevertheless , they were sending me out on an assignment with real journalistic merit .  Mind you , this was n't it . This will make you dumber . So , on the morning of my flight I poked around several sites to see what was trending in the Big Apple . Surely there was something locally interesting going on that people were talking about all over the Web -- something culturally relevant and noteworthy that could give us a deeper glimpse into the psyche and spirit of New York . Conclusion : It seems they like a sports team known as the Yankees . Fortunately , when the rest of the Web gives you Yankees , there 's always Reddit . And after a simple search for "  New York City , " I found a newly uploaded photo that was becoming somewhat popular with users on that site . The image showed wall art from somewhere in the city depicting one of Nintendo 's Mario Brothers throwing a vitamin and yelling , "  GET YO ' FIX . " Locally interesting ? Not really . Culturally relevant ? Doubtful . Noteworthy ? Hardly . But it was popular on Reddit , and that 's good enough for me . I have fairly low standards . Which is to say , I have none . Seriously . I like Olive Garden . Later I learned the art was actually the character Dr. Mario , who I believe was an alter ego of Super Mario -- the Italian plumber who got freaky with a princess in the Mushroom Kingdom . I was n't immediately aware of this because my fascist parents would n't let me have a Nintendo as a kid . I admit it was a bit of a first-world problem , but to this day I 'm still bitter to be the only one from my generation who does n't know the secret "  Thirty Lives " cheat code to "  Contra . " Speaking of my parents ... this is the part of the column where my dad turns to my mom and asks , "  What the hell is he talking about ? " And then my mom says , "  Some sort of video game thing . " And then he says , "  This is stupid . " And he 's right . This is pretty stupid . But finding Dr. Mario was a good excuse for an urban adventure in New York . And a short flight later I was there , walking through the terminal at LaGuardia , which is the city 's way of immediately reminding visitors to use Purell . Often . As soon as I checked into my hotel I quickly logged onto Reddit and found that some of the commenters had already discussed the art 's location . This was helpful . Dr. Mario was in Chinatown at the corner of Walker Street and Cortlandt Alley . Also on that corner ? Nothing you ever need to see . So , after a short ride downtown on the Q train and wandering about with the help of maps on my iPhone , I finally spotted the art off in the distance . Iceberg ! Right ahead ! There it was . That thing I saw on the Internet ! Sadly , it was a feeling similar to poking your head through the sun gate at Machu Picchu and seeing the ancient ruins for the first time after four days of hiking the Inca Trail . Only , Machu Picchu is one of the most amazing wonders on the face of the planet . And this was Dr. Mario throwing a vitamin . Anthropologists wo n't be knocking on my door . But I guess it says something about the spirit of discovery and the possibilities that stem from random curiosities found online . There 's usually fun involved with a completely pointless adventure . Without Dr. Mario , I would n't have ventured off into this particular part of town . I would n't have enjoyed roasted pork and wonton soup at a little hole-in-the-wall called Wo Hop . And I would n't have met two really nice tourists from Charlotte on the subway . Granted , I might have otherwise napped and built a small fort out of my hotel bed sheets . So , that was kind of a lost opportunity . But , still ... totally worth it . The moral of the story is this : Somewhere in your city there 's something completely unimportant and you should totally go see it . Remember , though . The world is a strange , dirty place . So use Purell . Often .	"  Apparently This Matters " takes a closer , off-kilter look at topics getting traction on social media This week , a photo of "  Dr. Mario " graffiti leads Jarrett on a trek through New York Even the most pointless discoveries online can lead to an entertaining real-world outing Jarrett 's parents did n't let him have a Nintendo -- not that he 's bitter
Jerusalem  CNN  Benjamin Netanyahu appears poised to keep his job as Israel 's Prime Minister , declaring victory Wednesday following a bitter campaign punctuated by his last-minute appeals to right-wing voters . For weeks , Netanyahu 's Likud party trailed in opinion polls to the Zionist Union alliance that characterized him as a divisive leader not up to the task of making the lives of ordinary Israelis better . Those polls turned out to be wrong . Instead , the Likud party grabbed at least 29 of the 120 seats in the Knesset , Israel 's parliament , according to unofficial numbers from the Israeli election committee , based on 99 % of the vote . Its leaders will have the first chance at forming a coalition government . The Zionist Union came in second , with at least 24 seats . "  Against all odds , against all odds , we achieved this huge victory for Likud , " Netanyahu told jubilant supporters not long after the polls closed Tuesday . "  We achieved the huge victory for our people . And I am proud , I am proud for the people of Israel that in the moment of truth , knew to make the right decision and to choose the real material things over immaterial things . " Rather than courting voters in the middle , Netanyahu pivoted more to the right with appeals concerning Israel 's security . Two weeks ago , he made a controversial speech to the U.S. Congress warning of any deal with Iran on its nuclear program . Then , a few days ago , he declared there would be no Palestinian state so long as he 's Prime Minister -- reversing an earlier position and putting him at odds again with the Obama administration 's support for a two-state solution . On Tuesday , he released a video on Facebook claiming leftists were bringing "  huge amounts " of Arabs by bus to vote against Likud . Arabs make up about 20 % of Israel 's population . "  The right regime is in danger , " Netanyahu said . "  We have an urgent wake-up call . Bring your friends , bring your family , vote for Likud . " Those appeals appear "  to have energized that right-wing base , " according to CNN 's Elise Labott . Netanyahu still has to form a new government , a process that President Reuven Rivlin said he hopes will start Sunday . If the Likud leader does so -- as expected -- it will leave Israel not much different than it was before the election , with a conservative Netanyahu still the dominant force facing a dug-in opposition . 5 questions about Netanyahu 's apparent victory Isaac Herzog , who led the Zionist Union , called Netanyahu to concede defeat . But he and fellow opposition leader Tzipi Livni wo n't go away , with Herzog insisting that "  nothing has changed . " "  This is not the time for coalitions and governments , " Herzog said , apparently ruling out joining forces with Netanyahu as the Labor Party has done before . "  I think what Israel is most in need of is an alternative voice that continues to say the truth . "  And I 'm telling everyone , ` Believe , a change will come . ' " Official results will not be released until next week , with the process of building coalitions expected to take much longer . No party has ever won a majority of seats in the Knesset , meaning coalition governments are as old as the modern state of Israel . The victory goes to the party leader most suited to put together a 61-seat majority . Aaron David Miller , an ex-adviser to the U.S. government on Arab-Israeli negotiations now with the Wilson Center , predicts former Israeli Communications Minister Moshe Kahlon will be the "  kingmaker " in any coalition government deal based on the support his Kulanu party got Tuesday . How does Israel 's parliament work ? There 's no guarantee Netanyahu will form such a coalition and stay as prime minister . But he 's got a better chance than anyone , and overnight he vowed to work "  quickly and responsibly to form a new government . " "  Our country 's everyday reality does n't give us the luxury for delay , " Netanyahu said . If he does lead the next government , he will soon go down in history as the prime minister with the longest continuous tenure in Israel -- thanks to his back-to-back-to-back election wins . Many woke up Wednesday questioning all those polls suggesting that Netanyahu 's latest six-year term could be coming to an end . Israeli media outlets released surveys suggesting that either the Zionist Union would win the vote or , at least , finish in a dead heat with Likud . Exit polls from Israel 's three major broadcasters showed the two parties neck and neck , not the apparent five-seat advantage that Likud appears to have secured . So what happened ? Pollster Avi Degani , who predicted a Likud win all along , said other pollsters relied too heavily on Internet technology and should have done more surveying by phone . "  The Internet does not represent the state of Israel and the people of Israel , " Degani said , referring to modern statistical methods . "  It represents panels , and the panels are biased strongly to the center . " As Netanyahu 's win reverberates , one question remains : Did he gain extra seats because of an 11th-hour surge , or were the major polls skewed from the beginning ? Why were the election polls so wrong ? Netanyahu maintained hard-line positions on settlements and negotiations with Palestinians , but his opposition appeared more open to talks and more focused on economic , social and other issues within Israel . Saeb Erakat , the Palestinian chief negotiator with Israel , said , "  The results of the Israeli elections show the success of a campaign platform based on settlements , racism , apartheid and the denial of fundamental human rights of the Palestinian people . "  Such a result would not have been possible had the international community held Israel to account for its systematic violations of international law , " said Erakat , who works under Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Opinion : Will Netanyahu win seal Iran deal ? The post-election view from Hamas , the Islamist political and militant movement that controls Gaza and is considered a terrorist organization by the United States and European Union , appeared more resigned . "  Hamas does n't see any difference between the Israeli parties because they all share the denial of our people 's rights and keeps assaulting them  people  , " said Sami Abu Zuhri , a Hamas spokesman , suggesting that it did n't matter much who prevailed Tuesday . "  We assure that the Palestinian resistance is strong and can impose the facts . " Miller , the Wilson Center scholar , says he does n't think that Netanyahu will necessarily hold his hard campaign line on the Palestinians forming their own state if and when he starts his next term . But that does n't mean an elusive peace deal is coming anytime soon . "  I think the two-state solution , sadly , is in a Bermuda Triangle , sandwiched between a situation that 's too hard for it to be implemented and too important for all of the parties -- including the Prime Minister , despite what he said , " Miller said . Opinion : The danger of Netanyahu 's win CNN 's Oren Liebermann reported from Jerusalem , and Faith Karimi and Greg Botelho wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Larry Register , Dana Ford and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Expert : Israeli politician Moshe Kahlon may be "  kingmaker " in coalition government With 99 % of votes counted , Netanyahu 's Likud party has at least 29 of the 120 Knesset seats Palestinian official : Results show campaign based on racism can succeed
CNN  -- Very few things will make my skin crawl more than listening to someone totally misrepresent the famous "  I Have A Dream " speech the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. gave on August 28 , 1963 . It 's clear that far too many people have n't bothered to actually read or listen to the speech . Instead , folks -- especially those who likely would have branded King a Communist , a socialist , a Marxist or a racial hell-bent on destroying America -- love to tout King 's "  content of character " line in order to push back against a variety of issues , especially affirmative action . Just today , I saw a press release from Project 21 , a coalition of black conservatives , suggesting that a rally planned Saturday by a radio talk show host and Fox News personality is akin to King 's 1963 march . Coby Dillard , a member of Project 21 , is quoted as saying , "  The dream of King -- that every person be judged by their character rather than their color -- is one of the tenets that makes our nation honorable in the minds of people around the world . King 's legacy is a gift to us all , and no one person or organization holds claim to his work and his message . I can think of no better way to honor him by renewing our shared commitment to uphold those principles that have held our country together throughout history . " It 's clear that Dillard , and so many others , has n't read a history book or other publications surrounding the march and instead loves to continue to spread falsehoods , misrepresentations and outright fabrications stemming from the Washington march . First , we need to stop calling it the March on Washington . It was officially called the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom . If you leave off the "  Jobs and Freedom " part , it sounds like black folks just went for a walk that day . Upset with the lack of economic opportunities for blacks at the time , as well as the voting rights injustices , the organizers wanted to put pressure on Congress and the President Kennedy administration to put their muscle behind a comprehensive civil rights bill . No , the 1963 march had nothing to do with some hokey values espoused by a radio/TV windbag . It was a day to assemble a mass of people to represent a show of strength and to get leaders in Washington to listen to the urgent need across the country . Second , we continue to misrepresent King 's speech as the "  I Have a Dream " speech . As CNN 's Soledad O'Brien reported in the special "  MLK Papers : Words That Changed a Nation , " the speech was never called that . It was actually titled "  Normalcy : Never Again . " In fact , the "  I Have A Dream " portion , which represents the bottom third of it , was n't in the original text . As Soledad reported , King often gave variations of the "  Dream " portion of the speech , and on that day , he was encouraged by gospel great Mahalia Jackson to tell the audience about his "  dream . " There is no doubt that his soaring oratory about the need for racial harmony continues to send chills down our spines today , but if we as a country get so excited and wrapped up in the "  dream " sequence , we forget the economic nightmare King painted in the top two-thirds of the speech . When I give speeches , I often tell folks that the "  I Have A Dream " portion is the "  hoop " part , which is when the pastor begins sing , scream and shout when he/she has finished the sermon . But the real measure of a sermon is the scripture , which serves as the thesis . So let 's get to the meat -- or the purpose -- of King 's 1963 speech . At the top , he lays out the vision of slaves being freed by the Emancipation Proclamation , yet 100 years later , "  One hundred years later , the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination . One hundred years later , the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity . One hundred years later , the Negro is still languished in the corners of American society and finds himself an exile in his own land . " Then he makes clear that the purpose of going to the Lincoln Memorial is to "  dramatize a shameful condition . " "  In a sense , we 've come to our nation 's capital to cash a check , " King said . "  When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence , they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir . "  This note was a promise that all men , yes , black men as well as white men , would be guaranteed the ` unalienable rights ' of ` life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . ' It is obvious today that America has defaulted on this promissory note , insofar as her citizens of color are concerned . Instead of honoring this sacred obligation , America has given the Negro people a bad check , a check which has come back marked ` insufficient funds . ' "  But we refuse to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt . We refuse to believe that there are insufficient funds in the great vaults of opportunity of this nation . And so , we 've come to cash this check , a check that will give us upon demand the riches of freedom and the security of justice . " King then began to talk about the "  fierce urgency of now , " laying out the treacherous conditions upon which black people lived in , and having to deal with violence and the trampling of their rights . He laid bare the despair of not being able to stay in hotel rooms , having to drink out of segregated water fountains and the lack of voting rights . Then King launches into the portion about his "  dream . " Folks , the fulfillment of King 's dream was n't about getting along . It was about every man and woman being afforded equal rights and an opportunity to find a job , raise their family and not have to suffer from brutality . His speech was n't partisan or political ; it was prophetic and about prosperity . How is it relevant today ? If anyone wants to model that march , then stop with the ego-driven nonsense and focus on pushing Congress to enact a jobs bill so Americans can work . Tell Democrats and Republicans to stop playing footsy with lobbyists and looking out for Wall Street 's interests . Tell leaders in Washington to give a damn about the poor of this country , from the hills of West Virginia to the dusty roads in Alabama . Tell some Republicans to stop their shameful condemnations of Americans who ca n't find a job . For the nearly 250,000 who gathered on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial on August 28 , 1963 , it was n't about ego ; it was about results . There was no partisan agenda ; it was one where whites and blacks refused to stand idly by and watch black Americans denied an opportunity to thrive in this country . In the final five years of his life , King fought for equal pay for sanitation workers in Memphis and was planning a Poor People 's Campaign for DC to highlight the economic injustices . Please , take the time to go and read or listen to the speech . Understand the context . Examine the overall mission . And do n't try to pimp and pervert King 's prophetic word so you can score some political points . And that goes for a charlatan , even if they have a TV or radio show , who seeks to align themselves with King 's momentous and radical speech 47 years ago . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland S. Martin says the famous speech is often misrepresented He cites a rally set for Saturday in Washington as one example Two-thirds of speech paints picture of an economic nightmare , he says The best move today would be to push for a jobs bill , Martin writes
CNN  -- Kei Nishikori won a bruising three-hour contest against David Ferrer at the Miami Masters on Tuesday . He had plenty left in the tank when he faced a surging Roger Federer . He did n't have to save any match points against the Swiss great -- the Japanese No. 1 fended off four of them to oust Ferrer , last year 's finalist in Miami -- but Nishikori rallied to beat Federer 36 75 64 under the lights on Stadium court Wednesday . The 21st-ranked Nishikori has now eliminated Federer twice in a row after upsetting the 32-year-old at the Madrid Masters in three sets last year . "  Feeling good , of course , to beat Roger , " Nishikori told the ATP 's website . "  I thought I really played well , especially in the third . I was hitting both deep and striking well . "  Everything was going well . There  were a  couple of tough moments , but I was fighting through . " Federer entered the match as the substantial favorite despite the defeat in the Spanish capital , having returned to full fitness and finding his old form after a back injury hindered him for much of 2013 . He reached the final at the Indian Wells Masters earlier this month and there was a real possibility of the 17-time grand slam champion making the Indian Wells and Miami finals in the same year for the first time since claiming both titles in 2006 . "  I could never really get my service games going , " Federer told the ATP 's website . "  On the return , as the match went on , I think it was that Kei started to serve a bit better , which made it more difficult . " Nishikori became the first man to break Federer in this year 's tournament , perhaps not a surprise since he is second only to Ferrer in percentage of return games won in 2014 . Still , Federer led by a break twice in the second set , only to see Nishikori -- whose career has been interrupted by arm and abdominal injuries -- break immediately back . The lone break of the third set came in the final game . "  I think Kei does really well controlling the ball , " said Federer . "  He has great technique , especially on the backhand , very simple , very short back swings , so he does a really nice job of having good timing . "  I predict he 's going to be in the top 10 in a short while . " Nishikori next faces Novak Djokovic , who defeated Andy Murray in straight sets . World No. 1 Rafael Nadal , bidding for a maiden triumph in Miami , plays big-serving Milos Raonic and the in-form Alexandr Dolgopolov encounters Tomas Berdych in the remaining two men 's quarterfinals .	Roger Federer loses to Kei Nishikori in three sets at the Miami Masters Federer entered the match in good form , reaching the Indian Wells final Nishikori overcomes the Swiss after playing three hours the previous day Nishikori meets world No. 2 Novak Djokovic of Serbia in the semifinals
CNN  -- Arsenal will face Celtic in a mouthwatering all-British tie later this month to decide who reaches the Champions League group stages . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger will see his side face an early-season test against Celtic . Scottish side Celtic went into the final qualifying round with a superb 2-0 away win over Dinamo Moscow earlier this week , overturning a 1-0 deficit from the first leg . Arsenal , who reached the semifinals of the Champions League last season where they lost to Manchester United , will be favorites to go through , but according to their former striker Charlie Nicholas , who also played for the Celtic , they will not be relishing the task . "  They would have wanted to avoid each other , " he told Sky Sports News . "  For Arsenal , the concern is the lack of players they 've brought in and injuries . I think it will be very tight . " The first leg matches will be played on August 18 and 19 , the same week as the start of the English Premier League season , the return matches are on August 25 or 26 . A total of 10 pairings were drawn with the prize for the winners a place in the lucrative group stages of the world 's most prestigious club competition . The losers will drop down to play in the Europa League , formerly the UEFA Cup . Five of the pairings feature match-ups between the champions of lower-rated leagues such as Latvia and Cyprus . European governing body UEFA effectively ring fenced five places in the group stages for these sides by separating them in the draw from teams from stronger leagues such as England , Italy and Spain . It has led to a series of intriguing clashes with Panathinaikos of Greece facing Spanish side Atletico Madrid . Portugal 's Sporting Lisbon take on Fiorentina of Italy , deposed French champions Lyon play Anderlecht of Belgium and Romainian side Timisoara face Stuttgart of Germany . Timisoara surprisingly beat Shakhtar Donetsk of the Ukraine in the previous qualifying round . Shakhtar won the UEFA Cup last season and will now be able to defend their title under the guise of the revamped Europa League . They were paired against Turkish side Sivasspor when the draw for the competition was also made at UEFA 's headquaters in Nyon on Friday . Champions League play-off draw : Champions group : Sheriff  Mol  v Olympiakos  Gre Salzburg  Aut  v Maccabi Haifa  Isr Ventspils  Lat  v Zurich  Swi Copenhagen  Den  v Apoel Nicosia  Cyp Levski Sofia  Bul  v Debrecen  Hun Non-champions group : Lyon  Fr  v Anderlecht  Bel Celtic  Sco  v Arsenal  Eng Timisoara  Rom  v VfB Stuttgart  Ger Sporting Lisbon  Por  v Fiorentina  Ita Panathinaikos  Gre  v Atletico Madrid  Sp	Arsenal draw Celtic in all-British tie in final Champions League qualifying round Other ties see Lyon face Anderlecht and Sporting Lisbon taking on Fiorentina Holders Shakhtar Donetsk to take on Turkish side Sivasspor in Europa League
Using shovels , heavy machinery and their bare hands , rescue workers scrambled through piles of rubble to find survivors Monday after a deadly 7.2-magnitude earthquake devastated parts of eastern Turkey . The death toll has risen to 279 , with another 1,300 injured , Turkey 's semi-official Anatolian news agency reported , citing the country 's disaster management authority . Some 970 buildings are demolished . There have been conflicting reports about the number of dead , however . Interior Minister Idris Naim Sahin said Monday that as many as 264 people were dead , while Deputy Prime Minister Besir Atalay put the death toll at 239 . It was difficult to tally the number of injured , Health Minister Recep Akdag said , because many were being treated and released . The military was assisting with search-and-rescue efforts , Atalay said . Numerous aftershocks -- the largest a magnitude 6.0 -- rattled eastern Turkey , one of the nation 's poorest areas . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said 55 buildings collapsed in Ercis on the north shore of Lake Van . The Turkish Red Crescent said about 25 apartment buildings and a student dormitory collapsed in the town . A health services building also collapsed , along with part of a hospital , CNN sister network CNN Turk reported . The injured were being treated in the hospital 's garden . "  People are really scared , " CNN Turk reporter Nevsin Mengu said from Van . "  The survivors are now trying to survive the cold weather . " Rescuers and survivors contended with near-freezing temperatures early Monday . Some people collected wood from collapsed buildings to burn for warmth , Mengu said . She said many residents are not returning to their houses , opting instead to sleep on rooftops or in the streets . It was not clear whether their homes were uninhabitable or they were just too frightened . Electricity and natural gas were off in most of the city , but Atalay said officials hope to restore power in Van and Ercis by Monday night . Trucks carrying medical aid and food were seen driving into Van . But rescue teams had not reached some of the smaller villages in the area , Mengu said . One man , stuck in the fetal position under a large piece of debris , was visible only through a small hole in the rubble . The man appeared weak and exhausted after rescuers pulled him out , his clothes torn . At one point , rescue workers halted operations to try to hear whether anyone was knocking for help . Are you there ? Submit your pictures or video The Red Crescent called for rescue workers , machinery and drinking water . A crisis center was set up by the country 's Health Ministry in the Turkish capital of Ankara . By Monday , more than 2,300 emergency personnel were in the region , Atalay said . Tents and rescue teams have come from as far away as Iran and Azerbaijan . The crisis center said Sunday that 29 surrounding towns had sent help and medical helicopters were taking the injured for treatment in other provinces . Thirty-seven patients were taken to Ankara , Atalay said Monday . Two tent hospitals were being set up in Ercis on Sunday , and two cargo planes were dispatched from the capital carrying medical teams and aid . Erdogan and Akdag arrived in the area Sunday , according to the Ministry of Health 's crisis center . Israel offered Turkey "  any help it may require " after the earthquake , Defense Minister Ehud Barak 's office said . Israel and Turkey , once close allies , saw a deterioration in relations in a dispute over an Israeli naval commando raid on the Gaza-bound ship Mavi Marmara , in which nine Turkish activists were killed . A spokesman for the Turkish Foreign Ministry said the country , while grateful for offers of aid , is prepared to handle the disaster on its own . Turkey is "  no stranger to having these seismic events , " but Sunday 's quake is considered major , CNN Meteorologist Reynolds Wolf said . A magnitude-7 .6 earthquake in Izmit , Turkey , killed more than 17,000 people in 1999 , according to the United States Geological Survey . A magnitude-7 .2 tremor in Duzce the same year killed 894 people , the agency reported . Sunday 's major quake struck at 1:41 p.m. local time and was centered about 12 miles from Van , the agency said .	The death toll has risen to 279 , Anatolian news agency reports 970 buildings were destroyed , government officials say Authorities hope to restore power to the quake-hit areas by Monday night More than 2,000 emergency personnel are on the ground
CNN  -- Armed forces in the Democratic Republic of Congo beat back dozens of gunmen who stormed three key locations in the capital Monday . Armed men attacked the country 's airport , state TV headquarters and army headquarters in Kinshasa . At least 34 assailants were killed , according to an Interior Ministry statement . The statement called on "  victims of this terrorist attack ... to know that the assailants had no other purpose than to create panic and terror on the eve of celebrations so important to our culture . " In response , it said that security had been beefed up in the capital . African Union Commission Chairwoman Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma condemned the attacks , stressing the AU 's commitment to support Congolese efforts to consolidate peace , security and stability .	Gunmen storm the airport , state TV headquarters and army headquarters At least 34 attackers are killed , the Interior Ministry says Security is beefed up in Kinshasa , capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo
CNN  -- Soccer superstar David Beckham will not be leaving the U.S. to join Paris Saint-Germain , the French club announced on Tuesday . The 36-year-old had been widely expected to sign for the Qatari-owned side during European football 's January transfer window , but PSG sporting director Leonardo said the former England captain would likely stay in Los Angeles . "  It 's over . It 's a shame , " Leonardo said from the team 's mid-season training camp in Doha , according to the website of French sports paper L'Equipe . "  But the welfare of his family in Los Angeles , the wish not to change everything in his life , weighed heavily . " Beckham is now expected to negotiate a new contract with Los Angeles Galaxy , the Major League Soccer team he joined in 2007 and led to the MLS Cup title in November last year . The former Manchester United and Real Madrid midfielder 's previous five-year deal expired on December 31 , and he was tipped to return to Europe in order to secure a place in the Great Britain team for the 2012 Olympics in his native London . However , it now appears that Beckham would prefer not to uproot his wife Victoria and their four children . The youngest , daughter Harper , is the only one to be born in the "  City of Angels " after her arrival in July 2011 . Confirmation that Beckham would not join the French league leaders was not a surprise as Leonardo and new coach Carlo Ancelotti had both denied reports that a deal had been done in the past few days . The PSG squad are in the Middle East preparing for Wednesday 's friendly match against one of Ancelotti 's former clubs , Italian champions AC Milan , in Dubai .	PSG sporting director Leonardo says David Beckham will not join French club Leonardo says Los Angeles Galaxy veteran does not want to move his family Beckham had been expected to return to Europe ahead of the 2012 Olympics The 36-year-old 's contract with the Galaxy expired at the end of 2011
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- In Egypt , television is a big deal . This is especially true during Ramadan , when networks spend an estimated $ 140 million on TV programming -- a sum nearly matched by what 's spent on advertising . "  Ramadan is still the biggest TV season . It 's the Super Bowl of Arab TV , except that it goes for an entire month , " explains Joseph Fahim , a prominent , Cairo-based film critic . It used to be that the plotlines for the myriad soaps and commercials that aired during Ramadan adhered to similar clichÃ © s : Family , unity , community , charity . Lately , with the region in upheaval , Ramadan television has acquired a distinct edge . Actor Amr Youssef is a TV and film actor whose Ramadan dramas have helped him shoot to national fame . Halfway through the Holy Month , he was filming "  Aad Tanazoly " , or "  Countdown " , in which he plays a university professor who is tortured in prison and ultimately driven to a life of terrorism . "  There 's definitely been a radical improvement in  television  quality -- aesthetically , narratively , conceptually and especially acting-wise , " says Fahim . Assir Yassin , a former soap star who has since broken into the film industry , found himself playing a similarly meaty role in last year 's movie , "  Rags and Tatters " , in which he played a convict who escaped prison during the 2011 revolution . Though the unrest from that period forms the backdrop of a lot of film and TV coming out of Egypt , particularly during Ramadan , Yassin notes that people , not politics , are the main themes . "  My movie  has a very subliminal message .  It 's about  the people who went to the revolution , and those who did n't go . It 's about the conditions of poverty and illiteracy . It was about people . Definitely it was n't about revolution , " he says . Many are taking advantage of Egypt 's more experimental approach to subject matter during the holy month . Two years ago , J. Walter Thompson 's Middle East division  JWT MENA  ran a series of humorous commercials for Vodafone Egypt featuring the country 's most famous soap actors . In one , one of the actors gets hit by a Vodafone sign , and is left buried under the ruble . Vatche Keverian , the company 's CEO , noted that Egypt makes it easier to try out new formats . "  In the Gulf region , you still do n't really have the freedom to explore new ideas when it comes to Ramadan because it 's still a bit more conservative . In cultures such as Egypt , you find a lot more engaging content than anywhere else in the world , " he says . As the subject matter matures , many actors are taking Ramadan as an opportunity to prove themselves , and ultimately further their career . "  It 's a lot of pressure , definitely , " says Youssef . "  You are competing with superstars and with very professional people , and all this is happening in 30 days , " he says .	Ramadan is the most lucrative TV season in Egypt . TV networks spend $ 140 million on programming over the holy month Lately , dramas and commercials have become more experimental with content
CNN  -- The newly independent Republic of South Sudan has announced the death of a prominent renegade rebel leader . Lt. Gen. George Athor and one of his soldiers were killed in a clash with the country 's military , Vice President Riek Machar told reporters Tuesday . He said they had infiltrated South Sudan on their way out of Rwanda via the eastern border area of the Democratic Republic of Congo and Uganda . The claim has not been verified by an independent body . A dissident commander of the Sudan People 's Liberation Army , or SPLA , Athor rebelled after losing a gubernatorial election in the spring of 2010 . He called for numerous orchestrated clashes after the announcement of his defeat . "  Under the banner of his South Sudan Democratic Movement  SSDM  and its military wing , the South Sudan Army , Gen. Athor was considered the most powerful post-election insurrectionist " the Geneva-based independent research project said in its 2011 report on what was then southern Sudan . The Small Arms Survey says that although both the government of South Sudan and the SPLA have alleged that Athor received support from the Sudan government in Khartoum , there is no independent evidence to support these claims . The death of Athor was not part of a government plan , because the government had declared general amnesty to all rebel groups in South Sudan , the vice president told reporters . The government is appealing to all of Athor 's followers to heed the amnesty , which was declared on July 9 when the country celebrated its independence from Sudan . John Prendergast , co-founder of the Enough Project , said the reported death of Athor "  highlights the urgency with which the South Sudan government , with international support , must address inter-communal divisions within the South . Another Athor will emerge tomorrow unless real progress is made in providing political and economic opportunities that feel marginalized in the process of independence . " The Enough Project works to expose genocide and crimes against humanity .	South Sudan 's vice president announced the death of Lt. Gen. George Athor The claim has not been verified by an independent body . Athor rebelled after losing a gubernatorial election in the spring of 2010
CNN  -- A former team doctor for the Pittsburgh Steelers was arrested Friday on charges of conspiracy to illegally distribute anabolic steroids , human growth hormone and painkillers to his patients , though authorities declined to comment on whether the drugs were ever prescribed to players . Dr. Richard A. Rydze , 62 , faces a 185-count indictment for allegedly dispensing the drugs from September 2007 through March 2011 , though other related charges date back to 2005 , prosecutors said . "  Doctors have a tremendous power in prescribing medication , and the vast majority use that power to dispense medicine to help sick people , " said Steven M. Dettelbach , U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Ohio . "  This doctor is accused of using his prescription pad like a personal ATM , doling out steroids , painkillers and other medicine for his own gain . " Two other men -- William Zipf , 56 , and James Hatzimbes , 42 -- were also indicted , accused of related conduct , the U.S. attorney said in a statement . Rydze and his alleged co-conspirators are accused of enriching themselves by distributing the drugs for "  bodybuilding and athletic performance enhancement , " while scheduling so-called "  steroid clinics " at a Pittsburgh wellness center run by Hatzimbes . The veteran football doctor told ESPN that the practice never involved members of the Steelers team . "  Because I was associated with the Steelers , the assumption was that I was giving everyone on the Steelers growth hormone or steroids , " Rydze told ESPN.com . "  You say a team doctor for the Pittsburgh Steelers , and you are saying he is buying growth hormone from a pharmacy in Florida -- what the hell else are you going to think ? " He said the "  whole thing got way overblown . " "  I was doing some kind of little bit of research back then and using growth hormone to help heal people with tendon injuries . That seems to be , in my estimation in looking at that hormone , the only role it really plays in helping people . It does seem to make you heal better , quicker . So we were using it with various orthopedic patients . "  It was never done in athletes , " he said . "  It was never with any Steelers . " Rydze allegedly often diagnosed his patients as having hormone imbalance , pituitary deficiency or adrenal insufficiency , and then prescribed the drugs , the indictment said . The steroids included Stanozolol , Nandrolone Decanoate , Testosterone Enanthate , Testosterone Cypionate , Oxandrolone and Testosterone . Attorneys for the three men could not be immediately reached for comment . The Steelers also did not immediately return calls requesting comment .	Dr. Richard A. Rydze , 62 , faces a 185-count indictment for allegedly dispensing the drugs Two other men -- William Zipf , 56 , and James Hatzimbes , 42 -- are accused of related conduct The veteran football doctor told ESPN that the practice never involved Steelers team members He said the "  whole thing got way overblown "
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton extended his Formula One drivers ' championship lead after finishing second behind Red Bull 's Mark Webber at the British Grand Prix . World champion Jenson Button , who narrowly missed out on his first podium finish at Silverstone after coming fourth , still trails McLaren teammate Hamilton in second . Third-placed Webber stormed back into title contention after winning his third race of the season . The Australian leapfroged fellow Red Bull driver Sebastian Vettel , who is 24 points adrift of Hamilton in fourth . McLaren also lead Red Bull by 29 points at the top of the constructors ' championship . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso stayed fifth overall but lost ground after earning no points , ending the race in 14th after being given a drive-through penalty for illegally overtaking Robert Kubica of Renault off the track . Nico Rosberg of Germany continues to outperform his Mercedes teammate Michael Schumacher , recording his third podium finish this season to replace Kubica in sixth . Drivers ' Championship  after 10 rounds  : 1 . Lewis Hamilton  GB  McLaren 145 points 2 . Jenson Button  GB  McLaren 133 3 . Mark Webber  Aus  Red Bull 128 4 . Sebastian Vettel  Ger  Red Bull 121 5 . Fernando Alonso  Sp  Ferrari 98 6 . Nico Rosberg  Ger  Mercedes GP 90 Constructors ' Championship : 1 . McLaren 278 points 2 . Red Bull 249 3 . Ferrari 165 4 . Mercedes GP 126 5 . Renault 89 6 . Force India 47	Lewis Hamilton continues to lead Jenson Button and Mark Webber in drivers ' championship Webber 's victory at Silverstone sees him leapfrog teammate Sebastian Vettel into third Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg finished third to move up to sixth place in the standings McLaren now 29 points ahead of Red Bull in the F1 constructors ' championship
CNN  -- A car bomb detonated on a busy street in southeastern Baghdad on Wednesday night , killing 14 people and wounding 51 others , authorities said . Several shops and vehicles nearby were damaged in the explosion in a predominantly Shiite neighborhood known as New Baghdad . In a separate incident Wednesday night , three mortar rounds landed inside the heavily fortified Green Zone in central Baghdad , Iraq 's interior ministry said . It 's unclear whether there were any casualties . The Green Zone houses Iraqi government offices , as well as the U.S. and British embassies .	In another incident , mortar rounds land inside the Green Zone The Green Zone houses U.S. and British embassies It 's unclear whether there were any casualties
CNN  -- Egypt has agreed to allow two Iranian warships to cross through the Suez Canal in a move that puts the country 's new military regime in a prickly position with its Israeli neighbor . The post-Hosni Mubarak caretaker government gave the green light to the Iranian warships Friday , state media reported . They are expected to be the first Iranian warships to sail through the Suez since the Islamic republic 's 1979 revolution . The canal is an internal body of water , and as such , Egypt has sovereignty over it . But Egypt also is bound by the 1978 Camp David Accords , which guarantee the right of free passage by ships belonging to Israel and all other nations on the basis of the Constantinople Convention of 1888 . Before that , Egypt did not allow Israeli ships to sail through the canal . Last week , Egypt 's newly empowered military government said it would honor all its international treaties . That would include Camp David . "  This is awkward -- at a minimum , " said David Schenker , director of the Program on Arab Politics at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Schenker said the Iranians had asked for a frigate -- the Alvand -- and a military supply ship -- the Kharg -- to cross into the Mediterranean . Both are armed with missiles , he said , adding that their passage would create more uncertainty in the region . "  It 's destabilizing . It raises tension , particularly in this time of transition in Egypt , " Schenker said . "  This is typical of Syrian-Iranian opportunism . " Egypt 's decision , analysts said , could show the direction that the military caretakers intend to take the Arab world 's most populous nation . "  It does raise an unwelcome political issue that has to be resolved , " said Cmdr. James Kraska of the U.S. Naval War College in Rhode Island . Iran said earlier that the flotilla was on a yearlong intelligence-gathering and training mission to prepare cadets to defend Iran 's cargo ships and oil tankers from the threat of attack by Somali pirates , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . Asked about Iran 's assertion that the ships are going to Syria for training , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Friday , "  My initial response to that would be we 're highly skeptical of that . " Asked whether he was concerned about the ships ' travel plans , he said , "  It 's not really about the ships . It 's what are the ships carrying , what 's their destination , what 's the cargo on board , where is it going , to whom , for what benefit . We have , you know , ongoing concerns . " Those concerns were shared by the White House , where Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters aboard Air Force One , "  We 're monitoring that , obviously , but we also would say that Iran does not have a great track record for responsible behavior in the region , which is always a concern for us . " Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said Israel 's allies should pay close attention to the situation . "  We expect the international community to act speedily with determination against the Iranian provocations , designed to deteriorate the situation in the area , and put the Iranians in their place , " he said . The Israeli Defense Ministry said it was monitoring the movement of the Iranian ships and alerted its allies . The Suez Canal is a key waterway for international trade . It connects the Mediterranean Sea with the Red Sea , allowing ships to navigate between Europe and Asia without having to go around Africa . Millions of barrels of oil move through the Suez every day en route to Europe and North America .	Egypt agreed to allow two Iranian warships to cross through the Suez Canal They 're expected to be the first such ships to sail through the canal since 1979 Both ships are armed with missiles , analyst says The canal is an internal body of water over which Egypt has sovereignty
CNN  -- Three people have been sentenced to death on Monday for their roles in a deadly attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square last October , state television CCTV reported on its microblog . Another defendant was sentenced to life imprisonment , while four others received prison terms between five and 20 years . The trial that began on June 13 took place at a court in Urumqi , capital of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in western China . Recently Xinjiang has been at the center of a spate of attacks , labeled terrorism by the authorities . A number of Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group who largely populate the province , have been implicated in an increasingly violent separatism movement . It is unclear what exact role the sentenced people -- with names that sound Uyghur -- played in the Tiananmen incident that occurred October 28 , 2013 . A vehicle drove through security barriers into a crowd in the square when it crashed into a pedestrian bridge in front of the Forbidden City and burst into flames . The attack killed six people , including three in the vehicle , and wounded 39 others . Police caught all suspects some ten hours after the attack . Not along after the incident , one Islamic militant group called the strike a "  jihadi operation " and warned of more violence to come . In a speech posted online , Abdullah Mansour , the leader of the Turkestan Islamic Party , said those who carried out the attack were "  mujahideen , " the SITE Intelligence group said in a report . East Turkestan is the name used by many Uyghur groups to refer to Xinjiang . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward China 's Han majority in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang . Uyghurs are said to have faced widespread discrimination , including in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization .	Eight people stood trial for a deadly 2013 attack at in Tiananmen Square that left six dead Three accused have been given handed death sentences by a court in Urumqi , capital of Xinjiang One other person has been sentenced to life imprisonment
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Alex Trebek , the long-time host of the popular television quiz show "  Jeopardy , " suffered a minor heart attack at his home Monday night . Alex Trebek has hosted "  Jeopardy! " for 23 years . Trebek , 67 , was recovering at a local hospital , and it was not clear when he would be released , a representative of the show said . He is expected to resume taping the show in January . The representative added that Trebek did not have any previous known condition that would have led to the heart attack . Trebek , 67 , is a native of Sudbury , Ontario . He has hosted "  Jeopardy! " since 1984 . Prior to becoming "  Jeopardy! " host , he served as emcee for a number of game shows , including "  High Rollers , " "  The Wizard of Odds " and "  Battlestars . " E-mail to a friend	Alex Trebek suffered heart attack at home Monday Trebek has hosted "  Jeopardy! " for 23 years Trebek is recovering at L.A. hospital
CNN  -- It 's a dilemma 1960s TV character Jan Brady knew well : "  How do you stand out when you 're the middle sister ? " Indeed , her ranting against sophisticated elder sibling -- "  Marcia , Marcia , Marcia " -- became one of the most memorable catchphrases in the long-running U.S. sitcom The Brady Bunch . But the middle sister need n't be overlooked . In fact , if the Preakness Stakes -- the second horse race in America 's prestigious Triple Crown -- is anything to go by , sometimes the quiet ones have the greatest stories to tell . The Kentucky Derby may be the first and most famous of the trifecta -- won by mud-splattered jockey Joel Rosario atop thoroughbred Orb earlier this month . But the Preakness , which is run in Baltimore this Saturday , also offers a fascinating history , unique atmosphere , and special significance in the march towards the third race in the crown , the Belmont Stakes . Here are five fun reasons why the Preakness Stakes is one to watch : Silver service The trophy is so valuable , not even the winners are allowed to hold it . The mammoth 13-kilogram , solid silver Woodlawn Vase , created by Tiffany and Co. in 1860 , is worth $ 1 million -- making it the most valuable trophy in American sports . But the immense pressure of safeguarding it for an entire year was too much for the wife of 1953 's winning owner Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt , who instead convinced her husband to leave it the hands of organizers . The trophy now remains on permanent display at the Baltimore Museum of Art , with winners instead given a $ 30,000 replica trophy . Blooming ingenious Sometimes if nature wo n't bloom , you 've just got to paint it yourself . So it goes for the iconic "  Black-Eyed Susan " blanket , traditionally draped across the shoulders of the winning horse . The blanket takes three days to create , featuring 80 bunches of normal yellow daisies strung together and attached to a rubber base , with the underside covered in thick felt . But because the Black-Eyed Susan -- the official flower for the state of Maryland -- does n't sprout until June , artists must instead paint the center of the daisies black . You 're so ` vane ' The paintwork continues atop Pimlico Race Course 's Old Clubhouse , where each year the weather vane is daubed in the winner 's colors . As soon as the race is over , the 1.5-meter wide weather vane , featuring a miniature horse and jockey , is painted in the winning jockey 's silks . The unusual tradition started in 1909 after the building 's original arrow-shaped weather vane was struck by lightning and replaced with the ornamental iron rider . Sign painter Michael Willinger took on the job in 1987 , saying : "  It is just the thrill of being able to participate in a big local and national event like this . Let 's face it , it 's the only televised sign-painting job in the country . " Family ties If ever there was a big daddy of Preakness , Gallant Fox is it . The champion thoroughbred not only won the U.S. Triple Crown in 1930 , he went on to sire the winners of more than 90 Preakness Stakes . It was a case of like father like son , when Gallant Fox 's offspring , Omaha , also won the Triple Crown in 1935 . Gallant Fox won 11 of his 17 races , before retiring at the grand old age of three . The super stud died in 1954 , aged 27 . Race adjourned Still looking for proof that Preakness is a race that stops a nation ? Look no further than the day it brought Government to a standstill . The U.S. House of Representatives adjourned for the only time in history in 1877 , to watch what was known as the "  Great Race . " More than 20,000 people flocked to Pimlico to watch three thoroughbreds -- Parole , Ten Broeck and Tom Ochiltree -- battle it out on the field . Six-year-old gelding Parole triumphed , and local pool halls saloons and baseball clubs were renamed in his honor .	Preakness Stakes , second race in U.S. Triple Crown , starts Saturday If you thought Preakness was the poor sister to Kentucky Derby , think again Founded in 1873 , Preakness has rich history and quirky traditions CNN brings you top five facts from the prestigious horse race
It 's over . But just for now . President Barack Obama signed a bill that ends the 16-day partial government shutdown and raises the debt ceiling , the White House said early Thursday morning . Weeks of bitter political fighting gave way to a frenzied night in Washington as Congress passed the bill that would prevent the country from crashing into the debt ceiling . Lawmakers worked precariously close to the midnight debt ceiling deadline amid warnings the government could run out of money to pay its bills if it did n't raise the debt ceiling . Federal workers should expect to return to work Thursday morning , the director of the Office of Management and Budget said . Director Sylvia Mathews Burwell said employees should check the Office of Personnel Management 's website for updates . Yosemite National Park said it was already resuming operations Wednesday night . The GOP-led House gave the final stamp of approval to the Senate-brokered bill , passing it easily late Wednesday night . But it was n't Republicans who made it happen ; a majority of that party 's caucus actually voted against the measure , which only passed because of overwhelming Democratic support . Read the bill A temporary bandage The debt cushion now extends through February 7 , with current spending levels being authorized through January 15 . That means a few months of breathing room , but little more . After all , the bill does n't address many of the contentious and complicated issues -- from changes to entitlement programs to tax reform -- that continue to divide Democrats and Republicans . "  We think that we 'll be back here in January debating the same issues , " John Chambers , managing director of Standard and Poor 's rating service , told CNN on Wednesday night "  This is , I fear , a permanent feature of our budgetary process . " The heads of the Senate and House budget committees -- Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington and GOP Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin -- will meet Thursday with an eye on addressing these budget divides . They 'll helm budget negotiations intended to come up with a broader spending plan for the rest of fiscal year 2014 , which ends on September 30 . Obama , for one , did n't seem in the mood Wednesday night for more of the same -- saying politicians in Washington have to "  get out of the habit of governing by crisis . " "  Hopefully , next time , it will not be in the 11th hour , " Obama told reporters , calling for both parties to work together on a budget , immigration reform and other issues . As he left the podium , Obama was asked whether he believed America would be going through all this political turmoil again in a few months . His answer : "  No . " Come together The past 16 days of the partial government shutdown have come at a steep cost . Standard and Poor 's estimated it took $ 24 billion out of the economy . The possibility of a debt default -- something that , Chambers pointed out , is gone for now but not entirely -- spooked investors on Wall Street and hiked interest rates . And then there 's the impact the ordeal had on politicians ' image . If there 's one thing polls showed Americans agreed on , it 's that they do n't trust Congress -- with Republicans bearing more blame than anyone else for what transpired . Both sides talked past each other continuously , with Republicans insisting for a time that defunding , delaying or otherwise altering Obamacare must be part of any final deal . Democrats , meanwhile , stood pat in insisting they 'd negotiate -- but only after the passage of a spending bill and legislation to raise the debt without unnecessary add-ons . In the end , Democrats largely got what they wanted -- after some last-minute talks by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . "  We 've been able to come together for a lot of different reasons , " said Reid , a Nevada Democrat . Republicans did get a small Obamacare concession : requiring the government to confirm the eligibility of people receiving federal subsidies under the health care program . But while some Republicans , such as tea party favorite Sen. Ted Cruz , claimed moral victories in energizing their movement , House Speaker John Boehner did n't pretend his side was the victor . "  We fought the good fight ; we just did n't win , " Boehner told a radio station in his home state of Ohio . Boehner to fight another day Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York blasted Cruz and the rest of the tea party wing in Congress for what he called the "  reckless , irresponsible politics of brinksmanship over the last few weeks . " "  It was not America 's finest moment , " he said . Markets soar on agreement News of the deal brought some relief to Wall Street as well as Washington , with pressure to resolve the impasse building with the approach of the Thursday deadline to raise the debt ceiling or face default . U.S. stocks rose on the news of an agreement , with the benchmark Dow Jones Industrial Average jumping more than 200 points on the day . Reid hailed the agreement he worked out with McConnell as "  historic , " saying that "  in the end , political adversaries put aside their differences . " McConnell fired an opening salvo for the budget talks expected to begin soon and continue until December when he said any ensuing spending deal should adhere to caps set in a 2011 law that included forced cuts known as sequestration . "  Preserving this law is critically important to the future of our country , " McConnell said of the Budget Control Act , which resulted from the previous debt ceiling crisis in Washington . The focus on an agreement shifted to the Senate after House Republicans failed on Tuesday to come up with a plan their majority could support , stymied again by demands from tea party conservatives for outcomes unacceptable to Obama and Senate Democrats , as well as some fellow Republicans . Rep. Charles Rangel compares tea party in House to ` confederates ' Cruz , despite being in the Senate , is credited with spearheading the House Republican effort to attach amendments that would dismantle or defund the health care reforms known as Obamacare to previous proposals intended to end the shutdown . All were rejected by the Democratic-led Senate , and Obama also pledged to veto them , meaning there was no chance they ever would have succeeded . Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire called the House GOP tactic of tying Obamacare to the shutdown legislation "  an ill-conceived strategy from the beginning , not a winning strategy . "	Federal workers can expect to return to work Thursday morning Most House Republicans vote against budget bill , but it still passes Asked whether there will be a similar crisis in a few months , Obama flatly says , "  no " The shutdown began on October 1 ; U.S. borrowing authority expires on Thursday
When Chris Reynolds opened his June PayPal e-mail statement , something was off . The Pennsylvania PR executive 's account balance had swelled to a whopping $ 92,233,720,368,547,800 . That 's $ 92 QUADRILLION  and change  . Money that would make Reynolds -- who also sells auto parts on eBay in his spare time -- the richest man in the world by a long shot . Rich , as in more than a million times richer than Mexican telecom mogul Carlos Slim . And he 's worth $ 67 billion . Oh , if only . "  It 's a curious thing . I do n't know , maybe someone was having fun , " Reynolds said . So he logged online , and reality bit back . His account balance read $ 0 . The correct amount . PayPal admitted the error and offered to donate an unspecified amount of money to a cause of Reynolds ' choice . "  This is obviously an error and we appreciate that Mr. Reynolds understood this was the case , " PayPal said in a statement . Before this incident , the most Reynolds ever made on PayPal was "  a little over $ 1,000 " selling a set of vintage BMW tires on eBay . So what would the would-be quadrillionaire have done with all that cash ? "  I probably would have paid down the national debt , " he said .	Pennsylvania man gets a PayPal statement saying his account contains $ 92,233,720,368,547,800 Man , Chris Reynolds , later logs online to find his balance is actually $ 0 PayPal admits the error and offers to make donation to charity Reynolds says he would have paid down the national debt
CNN  -- More than three weeks after his son was last seen , the father of a missing University of Florida student said Saturday the family is ready to begin the grieving process , confident that the 18-year-old 's body has been found . "  We , as a family , believe that Christian has been found and our prayers have been heard , " Carlos Aguilar told reporters , as his tearful wife put her head down on a table and then cried into her husband 's shoulder . Gainesville Police spokesman Ben Tobias said authorities are looking into a body that was recently found . But it has n't been confirmed that this body , found in Levy County , is that of Christian Aguilar . Carlos Aguilar stressed that his family is waiting on confirmation of the body 's identity . Even so , he said that he believed they 'll soon be able "  to bring Christian back home " and have his funeral . "  Our family is going to be grieving until the authorities give us the confirmation , " the father said . Christian Aguilar , 18 , was last seen on September 20 . Eight days later , Pedro Bravo was charged with first-degree murder in the student 's apparent death . Bravo initially had told investigators he got into "  an altercation with Aguilar " the night the college student went missing , police said . The suspect said he then left Aguilar in a parking lot in the central Florida city , prompting police to warn that Aguilar may have been disoriented and/or seriously injured . Aguilar 's father told CNN affiliate WCJB that his son disappeared after a fight over a girl . Bravo , who is also 18 , changed his account of what happened "  after being confronted with evidence that disputed his initial statements , " Tobias said late last month . Aguilar 's backpack was found inside a suitcase in Bravo 's closet , according to Tobias . At the time , the police spokesman said that blood found in several locations in Bravo 's vehicle would undergo an expedited analysis and be compared against known DNA samples of Aguilar . Authorities have used helicopters and K-9 units to search for Aguilar . His relatives plastered the area with fliers , used Twitter to generate leads and invited a nonprofit search group to help look for him alongside family members and police . On Saturday , Carlos Aguilar made a point to thank "  every single person , " including scores of volunteers , who "  supported our family during this horrible time , during this pain , during this agony . " According to CNN affiliate WJXT , hunters in a rural part of Levy County found human remains Friday and notified police in Gainesville , about an hour away . CNN 's John Branch and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	"  We ... believe that Christian has been found , " Christian Aguilar 's father says Police have not confirmed that a body found recently is that of Christian 18-year-old has been charged with murder in Aguilar 's apparent death
CNN  -- When an overwhelmed Shreve Stockton tweeted : "  I need an assistant ! " she considered it more of a joke than a serious request , because she could n't pay a salary . "  I ca n't even offer room & board , only a camp trailer named the Psychedelic Jellybean & an unlimited supply of milk ! " she tweeted last month . Shreve is not a celebrity or executive requiring a personal assistant , but a published writer and photographer who lives in a log cabin on 40 acres in the rolling hills near Ten Sleep , Wyoming . Her homestead includes a dog , tomcat , dairy cow , baby calf , young bull she 's training to work like an ox , two horses and , of course , Charlie the coyote . She feels overwhelmed with the daily care of all the animals . But she 'd also like to share her home with visiting assistants because "  it 's becoming so rare in America to have the time and space and the openness of the rural landscape that is shrinking . " The only "  luxury " she will be able to provide a starving artist is the time "  to work on whatever they want art-wise " in their off time , without having the stress of coming up with money for rent or utilities . Her ad was only posted for a day or two but drew around 100 responses -- with one person offering to pay her for the opportunity to be her assistant . She directed them to an application . She shared a few of the forms with her boyfriend , Mike , a trapper with the Bureau of Land Management , who found all the applicants interesting and told her if he had to choose , he 'd have to move into a tent so they could all move into his house . The application also came with an unusual warning to all would-be helpers that there would be no petting , no face-to-face time and no "  hanging out " with Charlie . The wild-born Charlie earns his keep by allowing Shreve to take photos of his everyday activities and write about him in her book as well as on her blog -- both titled the Daily Coyote . She 's raised him since he was 10 days old , after his parents were shot for attacking sheep . Although he walks on a leash , co-exists with Eli the cat , plays with Chloe the dog and often visits inside Shreve 's house , Charlie does not like strangers . So for everyone 's safety , her new helper will not be visiting inside the electric fence that surrounds his territory . But that 's OK with self-taught artist Sarah Frary of Kentucky , who plans to move into the trailer and spend part of her days helping Shreve with household tasks such as cleaning milk pails and maintaining her Web site , and the rest of her time on her art . Frary , 23 , expects the experience will have a "  monumental " effect on her drawing , painting and screen printing . She describes her current drawings as "  very primordial and ancient feeling , " while her new boss calls them fantastic . Frary has already started blogging about her new life and plans to set off later this month . She sought out the position because Shreve 's "  energy and everything about her just completely resonates and it 's something I connect with . " Shreve was a little concerned about sharing her space with a stranger , but said she felt "  a kindredness " with the young woman , who has been working as an apprentice tattoo artist in Louisville , Kentucky . Frary also performs "  live art , " which she describes as taking place in a theater during a concert or play with her perched near the edge of the stage , painting on a large scale that has her "  throwing paint and finger painting -- getting crazy with it . " The work-exchange program will give Shreve more time to "  concentrate on her next artistic endeavor . " She has a few ideas percolating and hopes to decide on one "  the day after my new help arrives . " Frary , a tattooed former military brat , feels her arrival wo n't go unnoticed , with her PT Cruiser covered in stickers she describes as bizarre and with an interior sporting a bobble-head Mr. T and feathers . Shreve landed in Wyoming after her own unusual journey , a solo , cross-country trip from California to New York on a motor scooter . After reaching her destination , she returned to the shadow of the Big Horn mountains to write about the trip on her Vespa Vagabond blog . While she fell in love with Wyoming instantly , the author says it still felt like another planet at first and it was a year and a half before she "  fully got into the rhythm of this life . " Because Frary 's father was in the Air Force , she says she 's used to having to uproot and adapt to new places . She also describes herself as being outdoorsy , pretty adventurous and a nature person who loves to challenge herself . The two women will have to work out their schedules and computer differences : the Wyoming resident only knows Macs , while the visitor has built her own PC . Shreve plans to teach Frary how to market her art on the Internet and is willing to teach her how to mend real fences and care for the animals . The older woman picked up her skills watching and helping her neighbors . "  I 'm a pretty gung ho , hardworking person , so I 'll probably get my hands on everything , " says the painter , who expects a full , disciplined life in the country with fewer distractions than the city . But there is one service Frary says she probably wo n't be able to provide to Shreve 's satisfaction : cooking . She says her mother hated cooking so she never learned . She has been taking lessons from a vegan friend who does n't use any animal products . Cooking takes a lot more planning on the homestead because the nearest grocery store is about an hour away .	Author and photographer tweets in frustration and gets an artist as assistant Shreve Stockton is the creator of DailyCoyote.net Web site Kentucky artist Sarah Frary is headed to Wyoming to be her helper
After three days of poring over photos and video , investigators appealed to the public to help them identify two men now considered suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings . The men were photographed walking down Boylston Street , one behind the other , near the finish line of Monday 's race . Suspect 1 was seen wearing a light-colored , collarless shirt underneath a dark-colored jacket and wearing a dark baseball cap . The man identified as Suspect 2 was seen setting down a backpack at the site of the second explosion "  within minutes " of the blasts that killed three people and wounded nearly 180 , said Special Agent Rick DesLauriers , the head of the FBI 's Boston office . He was wearing a light-colored hooded sweatshirt , a black jacket and a white baseball cap turned backward . In particular , DesLauriers asked for help from anyone standing in front of the Forum restaurant , where the second bombing happened . "  Somebody out there knows these individuals as friends , neighbors , co-workers or family members of the suspects , " DesLauriers said . "  And though it may be difficult , the nation is counting on those with information to come forward and provide it to us . " People with possible information on the two men were urged to go to the FBI 's website , https://bostonmarathontips.fbi.gov , or call 800-CALL-FBI  800-225-5324  . By Thursday evening , authorities already had received a "  large volume of calls ... as a result of the photos , " an FBI official said . The FBI 's website , moreover , had been inundated with record traffic . It was n't immediately known then whether any of the tips had led to the suspects . DesLauriers cautioned that anyone who think they know their identities should be careful , and consider them armed and "  extremely dangerous . " "  No one should approach them , " he said . "  No one should attempt to apprehend them except law enforcement . " ` They acted differently than everyone else ' Other footage , still unreleased , shows that the two suspects stayed at the scene to watch the carnage unfold , a federal law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN 's Susan Candiotti . "  When the bombs blow up , when most people are running away and victims were lying on the ground , the two suspects walk away pretty casually , " said the official , who has seen the unreleased video . "  They acted differently than everyone else . " While video of at least one suspect planting the bomb exists , the FBI had chosen not to release it , according to the official . One reason , according to the official , is that were the media to repeatedly show the suspects leaving the bomb , it might cause some people to overreact if they came into contact with them . DesLauriers said intelligence had been developed on the first suspect "  within the last day or so . " The official who spoke with CNN said images of the second suspect were isolated Wednesday . Flood of digital evidence a blessing and a curse The investigation also turned toward the possibility that the bombs had been detonated by remote control , a federal law enforcement official briefed on the investigation said Thursday . Investigators contacted the maker of a battery found in the debris of the blasts , said Benjamin Mull , a vice president at Tenergy Corporation . One of the firm 's batteries , typically used in remote-controlled hobby cars , was found in the aftermath of the attack , connected to some wires and a piece of plastic . In the early hours of the investigation , a law enforcement official told CNN that the bombs were probably detonated by timers . The FBI has said details of the detonating system were unknown . While the latest clues moved the investigation forward , it is still unclear whether the attack was an act of domestic or foreign terrorism . Bombers ` picked the wrong city , ' Obama says Thursday evening 's FBI announcement capped a day in which President Barack Obama brought a mixture of reassurance and defiance to an interfaith memorial service in the city 's Cathedral of the Holy Cross . Whoever planted the bombs "  picked the wrong city " to attack , he said . "  Every one of us stands with you , " Obama told the crowd . "  Boston may be your hometown -- but we claim it , too . ... For millions of us , what happened on Monday is personal . " Addressing the still-unknown perpetrators , Obama added : "  Yes , we will find you . And yes , you will face justice . We will hold you accountable . " And he looked ahead to next year 's race , predicting that "  the world will return to this great American city to run even harder and to cheer even louder for the 118th Boston Marathon . Bet on it . " How we 're affected as a nation by the bombing , other incidents Among the crowd of about 2,000 were first lady Michelle Obama ; the president 's Republican challenger last November , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney ; the state 's current governor , Deval Patrick ; and Boston Mayor Thomas Menino . During an interlude , attendees were soothed by a performance by famed cellist Yo-Yo Ma . Menino praised each of the three bystanders who were killed in the blasts -- Martin Richard , described as a "  young boy with a big heart " ; Krystle Campbell , whose spirit "  brought her to the marathon year after year " ; and Lingzu Lu , who "  came to the city in search of an education . " The audience also included scores of police officers and other first responders . Crowds erupted in cheers as the cathedral emptied out at the end of the service , while others sang the national anthem . How to help Obama also stopped at a high school to thank a group of first responders and volunteers and met with patients recovering from the attacks at Massachusetts General Hospital . "  It was extremely uplifting for them , " said Dr. David King , a trauma surgeon at the hospital . "  I think it 's incredibly inspiring that he would take time out and visit them and have a sincere interaction with all of these folks that have been hurt . " Obama "  was humbled by the patients ' bravery and their fortitude and their drive to continue , " he added . The first lady met with patients , families and hospital staff at Boston Children 's Hospital and Brigham and Women 's Hospital , the White House said . The wounded : 59 still hospitalized Investigators say the bombs , which exploded 12 seconds apart , were designed to deliver the most vicious suffering . A total of 59 people remained hospitalized on Thursday , six of them in critical condition , according to Boston-area hospitals . At least 13 people lost limbs as a result of the bombing . One device was housed in a pressure cooker hidden inside a backpack , the FBI said . The device also had fragments that may have included nails , BBs and ball bearings , the agency said . The second bomb was in a metal container , but it was unclear whether it was in a pressure cooker as well , the FBI said . Photos obtained by CNN show the remains of a pressure cooker found at the scene , along with a shredded black backpack and what appear to be metal pellets or ball bearings . They were sent to the FBI 's national laboratory in Virginia , where technicians will try to reconstruct the devices . In the past , the U.S. government has warned federal agencies that terrorists could turn pressure cookers into bombs by packing them with explosives and shrapnel and detonating them with blasting caps . Family and friends , meanwhile , were mourning the three dead : • Richard , the 8-year-old boy with a gap-tooth grin and bright eyes . He loved to run and play in his yard . • Campbell , a 29-year-old freckle-faced woman described by her mother as having "  a heart of gold . " • Lu , the Chinese graduate student at Boston University who had moved to the city last fall , making friends and soaking up new experiences . The U.S. State Department has been in contact with her family and the Chinese Foreign Ministry , Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement released Thursday . "  We stand ready to provide whatever appropriate assistance we can to the family members of foreign nationals in the aftermath of this despicable act of terror , " Kerry said .	The FBI gets a "  large volume " of calls after releasing photos of suspects , official says "  Somebody out there knows " the 2 suspects in the case , an FBI agent says The 2 men walked away from the scene "  pretty casually , " a federal official says At an interfaith service , Obama tells Boston attackers : "  We will find you "
CNN  -- Addie Polk , who became the national face of the foreclosure crisis last fall when she shot herself during an eviction , was a quiet woman who never asked for help . Polk , 91 , who was a deaconess at her church , was remembered by friends and churchgoers for her stateliness . Fannie Mae foreclosed on the Akron , Ohio , home of Addie Polk , 91 , after acquiring the mortgage in 2007 . "  She had runner 's legs , " said Joyce Smith , a longtime family friend of Polk 's and fellow member of Antioch Baptist Church . "  They were well-shaped , well-shaped calves , and she still wore her heels and did n't stumble , " Smith said . "  I used to ask her , ` Did you used to run ? ' She 'd say ' I would run from trouble , that 's about it , ' " Smith said . "  We always laughed at that . " But Polk did n't run from the troubling eviction notices that were placed time and time again on her door in Akron , Ohio . She kept her business to herself . "  She was n't a really vocal person , " Smith said . "  She 'd communicate , but you never knew what was going on . If it was anything negative you did n't know ; if it was positive you did n't know . She was just quiet about her personal life . " Polk , made news last fall when she shot herself during an eviction , died Monday at the Arbors at Fairlawn nursing home near Akron . She was 91 . The Summit County Medical Examiner 's office , when contacted Tuesday by CNN , said the cause of death has not been released but it was not related to the shooting . After Polk 's ordeal last October sparked national outrage , Fannie Mae moved to halt the foreclosure process and "  give her the house , " company spokesman Brian Faith said at the time . "  We 're going to forgive whatever outstanding balance she had on the loan , " Faith said . "  Given the circumstances , we think it 's appropriate . " In 2004 , Polk took out a 30-year , 6.375 percent mortgage for $ 45,620 with a Countrywide Home Loan office in Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio . The same day , she also took out an $ 11,380 line of credit . Over the next couple of years , Polk missed payments on the 101-year-old home that she and her late husband purchased in 1970 . In 2007 , the mortgage was in the hands of Fannie Mae , which soon filed for foreclosure . Akron Sheriff 's Deputy Donald Fatheree , in a telephone interview with CNN on Tuesday , said he 'd personally been to Polk 's door about six times to deliver eviction notices . "  Never did reach her , but always left notes , " Fatheree said . As part of the eviction process , authorities left writs of possession -- legal terms that informed the occupier of eviction -- on the front door of homes . Fatheree said each time he 'd return the notes would be gone , and he 'd leave another . Polk 's two self-inflicted gunshots to the chest were heard around the United States as the lifelong homemaker became a symbol for struggling U.S. homeowners burdened down by debt and unrelenting mortgage companies . News of Polk 's plight was so pervasive that U.S. Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , evoked her name on the House floor during debate over the Wall Street bailout just days after the shooting . "  This bill does nothing for the Addie Polks of the world , " Kucinich said . "  This bill fails to address the fact that millions of homeowners are facing foreclosure , are facing the loss of their home . This bill will take care of Wall Street , and the market may go up for a few days , but democracy is going downhill . " Sommerville Funeral Services in Akron will handle arrangements for Polk .	Addie Polk , 91 , became symbol of American foreclosure crisis Polk remembered as quiet , reserved woman who was fiercely independent U.S. Rep. Dennis Kucinich mentioned her on Senate floor during bailout debate
CNN  -- First Serena Williams , now Maria Sharapova . Another day at the Australian Open , another top female star out of the season 's first grand slam . One day after world No. 1 Williams was dumped out in Melbourne , third seed Sharapova followed suit as she surrendered a one-set lead against Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova to lose 3-6 6-4 6-1 . It was the second time 20th seed Cibulkova has beaten the Russian at a grand slam and Sharapova , who required treatment on a hip injury between the second and third sets , admitted her performances in Melbourne have not been good enough . "  I have n't been playing the best tennis of this tournament , but I found ways to get through to the last two matches , " Sharapova , a winner of this tournament in 2008 , told reporters . "  Tried to do that again today , but she played extremely well . " Sharapova , a four-time grand slam winner , refused to blame the injury for her surprise defeat . "  I do n't think it 's rocket science , " added the 26-year-old . "  Just when you play a lot of tennis , you 're going to get these types of aches and pains and certain movements that you feel it on . " Cibulkova 's reward for reaching the last eight at Melbourne Park for the first time in her career is a match against 11th seed Simona Halep , who also eliminated a top 10 player in world No. 8 Jelena Jankovic . Sharapova 's loss means double defending champion Victoria Azarenka is now the red hot favorite to win a third consecutive Australian Open title . Azarenka 's cause will be helped by cooler temperatures , with players finally granted respite from last week 's scorching heat . The world No. 2 is the only former champion left in the women 's draw after she confidently dispatched American rising star Sloane Stephens 6-3 6-2 . Although her chief rivals for the title have been eliminated , Azarenka is taking nothing for granted ahead of a meeting with fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska . "  The players who beat those players deserve all the credit because they 've been better , so they are dangerous and they are competitive , " said Belarus ' Azarenka . "  For me it 's important to just , you know , keep focusing on my game and play it one at a time . Quarterfinals of a grand slam is never easy , no matter who you play . " While the women 's draw is turning out unexpected results , the men 's half is proving altogether more predictable . World No. 1 Rafael Nadal registered a straight-sets win over Japan 's Kei Nishikori which was far more difficult than the scoreline would suggest . The 13-time grand slam champion had his serve broken four times and he was made to sweat by 16th seed Nishikori before wrapping up a 7-6  7-3  7-5 7-6  7-3  win . Nadal will continue his bid for a second career win at the season-opening grand slam against Bulgarian No. 22 Gregor Dimitrov . Three-time finalist Andy Murray did n't have it all his own way during his round of 16 victory over Frenchman Stephane Robert . The world No. 4 looked unflappable as he raced into a 6-1 6-2 lead , but Robert , ranked 119th , rallied to take a third set tie break . Eventually Murray 's class told and the Scot secured a 6-1 6-2 6-7  6-8  6-2 win , with 17-time grand slam winner Roger Federer awaiting in the quarterfinals . Sixth seed Federer looked in ominous form as he swept aside No. 10 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-3 7-5 6-4 , showing glimpses of the talent which brought him four Australian Open titles between 2004 and 2010 . Blog : Five rising tennis stars to watch	Maria Sharapova suffers shock defeat at the Australian Open The third seed loses in three sets to Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova World No. 1 Rafael Nadal into the quarterfinals after beating Japan 's Kei Nishikori Fourth seed Andy Murray also into the last eight with a win over Stephane Robert
CNN  -- While President-elect Barack Obama will certainly be making history when he takes the oath of office on January 20 , he 'll also be repeating it -- by placing his hand on the same Bible that Abraham Lincoln used during the inauguration of 1861 . The 1861 Lincoln Inaugural Bible against the backdrop of the Main Reading Room of the Library of Congress . The Constitution does not require presidents to be sworn in on a Bible , though almost every chief executive since George Washington has chosen to do so . Presidents have differed greatly , however , on the question of which passage the Bible should be opened to during the swearing-in ceremony . It brings up the question of what -- if any -- biblical passage Obama will emphasize . If what is past is prologue , as Shakespeare famously wrote  a quote now engraved in front of the National Archives  , he might opt for the popular presidential theme of repentance . According to Gleaves Whitney , a presidential historian at Michigan 's Grand Valley State University , II Chronicles 7:14 was used for three swearing-in ceremonies : "  If my people , who are called by my name , will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways , then will I hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land . " In this season of economic distress , however , the president-elect may prefer to follow the lead of Franklin Roosevelt . When FDR first took the oath of office in 1933 , the country was reeling under the crushing weight of the Great Depression . "  Only a foolish optimist can deny the dark realities of the moment , " Roosevelt said in his inaugural address . Urging his fellow Americans to lend a helping hand , Roosevelt had the Bible opened to I Corinthians 13 : "  And now abideth faith , hope , charity , these three ; but the greatest of these is charity . " Obama campaigned as someone who would strive to bridge the nation 's bitter partisan divide . "  We have never been a collection of red states and blue states , " Obama said in his Election Night victory speech . "  We are , and always will be , the United States of America . " If Obama wants to stress that theme again on January 20 , he may prefer to follow Bill Clinton 's lead from the 1997 inaugural and open the Bible to Isaiah 58:12 : "  Thou shalt raise up the foundations of many generations , and thou shalt be called the repairer of the breach . " Questions of war and peace are always in the back of any president 's mind . Obama campaigned in part on a promise to end America 's war in Iraq . Shortly after winning the White House on a similar pledge to end another divisive conflict -- this one in Vietnam -- Richard Nixon took the oath with a family Bible opened to Isaiah 2:4 : "  And he shall judge among the nations , and shall rebuke many people : and they shall beat their swords into plowshares , and their spears into pruninghooks : Nation shall not lift up sword against nation , neither shall they learn war any more . " With the polls showing an overwhelming majority of Americans convinced the country is on the wrong track , Obama might hint at a back-to-basics message by doing what Woodrow Wilson did in 1913 . During his first inaugural , Wilson opened the Bible to Psalm 119 , which concludes "  I have gone astray like a lost sheep ; seek thy servant ; for I do not forget thy commandments . " Speaking of a return to basics , what about America 's first president ? What did George Washington do ? Almost 220 years ago , in 1789 , Washington opened the King James version of a Masonic Bible to Genesis 49:13 -- "  Zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea ; and he shall be for a haven of ships ; and his border shall be unto Zidon . " Was America 's first president trying to send a deep , profound message ? Not exactly . It turns out that , for the nation 's first inaugural , the Bible was hastily opened to a completely random page . The same thing was done 72 years later when Lincoln was sworn in . CNN 's Brendan Polmer contributed to this report .	Barack Obama will be sworn in using same Bible as Abraham Lincoln Lincoln 's Bible was turned to a random page at his 1861 inauguration Many presidents choose to open Bible to a specific verse
A spectacular Viking-themed festival kicking off in the Scottish Shetland Islands Tuesday has been stoked by controversy after two participants refused to shave off their beards . The men were preparing for the region 's midwinter Up Helly Aa festival -- a highlight of the tourist calendar -- but their facial hair was judged incompatible with emergency breathing equipment they were obliged to don as fire fighters on their home island of Bressay . The pair 's stance has thus deprived the tiny isle of a fire team until the festivities wind up , the Scotsman reports . The "  beard protest " may testify to the significance of Up Helly Aa to the inhabitants of this remote group of islands strung out between the Scottish mainland and Norway . Or it may point to the importance of beard size to Shetlands men . Either way , it does seem risky to be without a fire crew amid a season of celebrations whose main event , taking place Tuesday in the Shetlands capital of Lerwick , is described by organizers as "  Europe 's largest fire festival . " Pyromaniacal delights The fiery festival includes a torch-lit procession through town and culminates in the burning of a replica Viking longship -- all broadcast live online . Up Helly Aa  it sounds best if you shout it  may commemorate the Shetlands ' ancient Viking heritage -- hence the importance of big bushy beards -- but the festival itself began only a little more than a century ago . It 's the continuation of an older and even more fun-sounding bit of midwinter revelry that involved young men dragging burning tar barrels through their village and generally causing mischief . When tar-barelling was banned , to the sound of much presumed Methodist tut-tutting , it was replaced in the 1880s by the tamer torch parades and other pieces of incendiary merriment that have continued to this day on the Shetlands , barring adjournments for the death of Queen Victoria and two world wars . A jarl and his guizers As part of Tuesday 's Lerwick celebrations , a procession of up to a thousand torch-bearing "  guisers " in Viking fancy dress are led through town by a head "  jarl . " The party sets ablaze a mocked-up longship in what begs to be interpreted as an ambivalent commemoration of the raping and pillaging Scandinavian contribution to the local gene pool . The jarl  it means "  nobelman " in Old Norse ; "  guiser " means "  disguised person " in Scots  sets the fashion tone for the parade with a costume handed down to his successor every year . Its original items , the Up Helly Aa website records , included "  a silver helmet , with raven 's wings ... a corselet with sleeves of silver mail ... thigh-length black stockings and ... rawhide sandals fastened with tan leather thongs criss-crossed over the instep and all the way up the thighs . " One wonders what the Scottish equivalent of "  I 'm a lumberjack " is . The jarl 's "  guiser squad " make their own weapons -- and grow their own beards -- throughout the year , including battle axes , swords , spears and crossbows . Torch songs They also do a lot of singing , with lines such as : Worthy sons of Vikings make usTruth be our encircling fireShadowy visions backward take usTo the Sea-King 's fun ` ral pyre . No wonder authorities are worried about fire risks . To return to which subject , a Shetlands safety board member , Allison Duncan , described the Bressay firefighters ' refusal to lose their bushy symbols of Norse manhood -- thus "  putting the safety of Bressay people at risk " -- as "  crazy -LSB- and -RSB- mind-boggling . " The crewmen themselves , possibly too busy preparing their beards for the big day , could not be reached for comment .	Viking-themed fire festival kicks off in Shetland Islands Two "  Vikings " were banned from a local fire-fighting crew for refusing to shave Ironic , because Up Helly Aa is pretty incendiary A torchlit procession culminates in the immolation of a longboat
Yachts fill the bay in front of sparkling new skyscrapers rising from the city beyond . Cross the street to the other side , and sandy beaches are lined with restaurants and nightclubs . Sunbathers lounge during the day , replaced in the evening by fine diners who think nothing of plopping down a couple hundred dollars for sushi or lobster . After a pre-disco nap , the beautiful people emerge and the music cranks up from midnight until the sun comes up again . It 's not Miami or Rio , but the Ilha de Luanda , a tropical beach playground in the African country of Angola for the wealthy and increasing number of expatriates who work there . Sound like a party worth checking out ? There 's a catch . Visas to Angola are notoriously difficult to get and those that do get the stamp must ready themselves to swallow some whopping prices . Luanda is among the top 10 most expensive cities in the world for expats -- behind Caracas and Oslo , and well above other famously expensive cities : Geneva is 5th , Tokyo 11th , Hong Kong 29th , New York 39th . Unlike those cities , Luanda 's wealthy waterfront is surrounded by grinding poverty , visible to anyone landing at the airport . That 's an image that the city is trying to change , transforming its Marginal bay-front walkway and the Ilha , the thin peninsula that stretches in front of the city . For those that do make it here -- and it 's worth trying , there 's nowhere else like it -- here are the places to go . Naquele Lugar Housed in a two-story house next to the Fortress of Sao Miguel , Naquele Lugar restaurant is located on the way to the Ilha . The soldier at the entrance will let guests through to the white-walled patio if they explain they 're coming for dinner . Even though seafood seems like the smart choice here , the steak with pepper sauce is better . Honestly , there 's better food elsewhere , but it 's a unique location with an unmatched view of the city on the way out . Naquele Lugar , Rua 17 de Setembro ; +244 926 322 615 Lookal Lookal is one of the most expensive places to eat in the city , which in Luanda is saying something . Why so pricey ? Because even though guests are gazing over the Atlantic , and Angola has some of the world 's least-fished waters , the seafood here is flown in from Europe . A decent meal for two costs $ 300 , but the Portuguese lobster can cost nearly that much per kilo . Still , many people swear by the place . Those people all have expense accounts . After dinner , Lookal turns into a high-powered nightclub with dancing until sunrise . Lookal , No. 15 Rua Murtala Mohamed ; +244 936 000 018 Coconuts Few places embody the changes on the Ilha as much as Coconuts . Fifteen years ago , this was a shell of a building , without a roof , windows or doors . A series of renovations have turned it into a luxurious spot that takes full advantage of its place at the end of the peninsula . Coconuts is now a great spot to enjoy a daytime drink or linger over an evening of seafood with friends . The chef prepares a special menu every week . It 's not as expensive as some restaurants , but budget a minimum of $ 100 a person . Coconuts , Avenida Murtala Mohamed , Ilha do Cabo ; +244 912 205 777 Cais de Quatro In many ways , Cais de Quatro represents Luanda 's cosmopolitan aspirations . With one of the best views over the city , the international menu runs from pizza to sushi . It 's a relative bargain : the pizza sets diners back just $ 25 . If at this point they 're feeling really pinched for cash , they can always have a drink and then wander to the Wimpy burger joint next door . Cais de Quatro , Avenida Murtala Mohamed , Casa do Desportista ; +244 222 309 430 Bahia Those who 'd rather walk along Luanda 's newly renovated Marginal could n't ask for a better spot than Bahia . The restaurant long predates the $ 350 million upgrade to the bayside boardwalk , which was once just another dusty , smelly street in a city where dusty and smelly are par for the course . Now it 's got wide pedestrian trails , playgrounds and palm trees imported from Miami . Yes , palm trees imported to tropical Angola . Nonetheless , Bahia is a romantic spot to share a langoustine pizza by candlelight . And eating here wo n't break the bank . Bahia , 183/184 Avenida 4 de Fevereiro ; +244 222 370 610 Cabo Verde For those who can find the place , the best thing to do on the Ilha is to hang with Luanda 's Cape Verdian community at George 's house . That 's not the name of the venue . It 's a house owned by a guy named George . Friday nights and Sunday afternoons , music lovers gather on his terrace to hear him perform Latin American classics and songs from Cape Verde legend , the late Barefoot Diva , Cesaria Evora . Friday nights and Sunday afternoons . Drive down the Ilha , exit the roundabout to the left . It 's the only house with lights on the street .	Luanda 's beach front is filled with restaurants where diners think nothing of dropping a few hundred dollars on seafood Naquele Lugur is a white-walled patio restaurant with an unmatched view of the city Kookal imports its super-expensive seafood from Europe , despite proximity of Atlantic Ocean
CNN  -- Barcelona have signed Spain striker David Villa from league rivals Valencia for $ 49 million , further boosting an already potent forward line . The 28-year-old goalscorer will be in Barcelona on Thursday evening and will undergo a medical test on Friday morning , the Spanish champions said on their official Web site . Villa scored 107 goals in five seasons for Valencia and lines up alongside Liverpool marksman Fernando Torres in the Spanish national team . He was the tournament 's leading scorer with four goals when Spain won the European Championship in 2008 . Catalan giants Barca are looking to strengthen their side ahead of next season -- after sealing the defence of the league title on Sunday with a record haul of 99 points . Villa joins an attack which already features world player of the year Lionel Messi , Swedish star Zlatan Ibrahimovic , France captain Thierry Henry and Spanish youngsters Pedro and Bojan Krkic . Villa was linked to Barcelona last season but after the two clubs failed to reach a deal he stayed on at cash-strapped Valencia for another season . Another successful season , in which Villa scored 29 goals in all competitions to help Valencia finish third to secure a place in the Champions League , persuaded Barcelona to move once again for the Spanish international striker . Meanwhile , club president Joan Laporta has commented on rumors that Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas is to make a return to the club he played for as a youth team player . Fabregas has once again been strongly linked with leaving Arsenal amid media speculation that he wants to play once again for his home town club and Laporta said : "  It 's remarkable that a player should commit himself in this way  if the reports are true "  If the club technical staff believe we need to make the extra effort and sign him , we 'll speak to Arsenal , " Laporta added . Barcelona have also confirmed that Argentine international defender Gabriel Milito will remain at the club after signing a new contract until 2012 .	NEW : Barcelona complete the signing of David Villa from Valencia for $ 48.8 million The Spanish international striker helped Valencia to third place in the La Liga table Laporta has also revealed the club will make an extra effort to sign Cesc Fabregas
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- Dayana and Moise smile as they shovel chips , with a mix of sand , into their mouths on a beach in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . They dig in the sand and run from the waves . The Haehre family looks like any other family on vacation , but this unplanned trip to Florida was where their brood grew from two children to four . Mindy and Oyvind Haehre started the process to adopt siblings Dayana , now 7 years old , and Moise , 5 , from a Haitian orphanage in 2008 . The adoption was to be completed next month when the family expected to move the children from a Port-au-Prince , Haiti , orphanage to their home in Loveland , Colorado . But that orphanage partially collapsed in last week 's devastating earthquake . All 25 children there survived , but they had to move out onto the street . Search lists of the missing and the found Mindy Haehre said her family was lucky ; the good news about her children traveled quickly . "  We knew they were safe , " she said , "  but still when your kids are in danger nothing can be good enough unless you are with them . " The Haehres heard that Dayana and Moise might be among a small group of Haitian children whose adoptions were set that the U.S. military would fly to Florida . So they packed up their other two children , Silje and Jakob , and caught a flight to Fort Lauderdale . On Sunday as they checked into their hotel , the phone rang . It was the call they were hoping for . Their children were indeed among the small group of children from the orphanage being evacuated to the United States . The flight was heading for an airport in central Florida . The Haehres jumped in their rental car and drove about four hours north . "  We said their names and they looked over and their eyes got big and they got big smiles and they came over and hugged us and kissed us and just kept smiling , " Mindy Haehre said . Big brother Jakob admitted he did n't enjoy the drive but said : "  I was pretty excited . It was really fun to know that I can bring them home . " Dayana and Moise were already familiar with their new family . They had met in Haiti several times while the adoption process was slowly moving along . If there were any signs of trauma after the children 's ordeal , the Haehres said they did not see them . Watch how the children had been living outside "  Within probably 10 minutes all four kids were running around the customs area of the airport , playing and being noisy and acting like kids , " Mindy Haehre said . And being kids was exactly how they appeared on the beach in Fort Lauderdale . Splashing , laughing and playing with language being no barrier for the four Haehre children .	Brother and sister flown from Haiti to join their adoptive family in Florida Orphanage housing Dayana and Moise had partially collapsed in earthquake Big smiles , hugs when they finally joined their family for good , mom says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- California authorities are investigating the death of a worker in an oven at a Los Angeles-area tuna processing plant . The victim , Jose Melena , was cooked to death in a steam oven at the Bumble Bee Foods plant in Santa Fe Springs on Thursday , said Erika Monterroza , a spokeswoman for the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health . Melena was a six-year veteran of the plant , which was shut down until Monday , the company said . "  The entire Bumble Bee Foods family is saddened by the tragic loss of our colleague , and our thoughts and prayers are with the Melena family , " the company said . Monterroza said she could not disclose further details . Worker fatality investigations typically take three to four months to complete . The plant is about 18 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles . It processes and cans tuna loin . Melena 's job involved pushing baskets of sealed cans into a pressure cooker , and he was considered a skilled and knowledgeable employee , Pat Menke , the company 's vice president for human resources , told CNN . The process sterilizes the canned tuna , which is then cooled , dried , labeled and inspected before being shipped to stores , Menke said . CNN 's Stella Chan and Irving Last contributed to this report .	NEW : Jose Melena 's job was to push baskets of canned tuna into a pressure cooker Melena was a 6-year veteran of the Santa Fe Springs plant California 's state worker safety agency is investigating the fatality
CNN  -- The death toll from flooding and landslides after torrential rains hit Haiti earlier this week climbed to 23 Wednesday , the country 's civil protection department said . Floodwaters from the rains swept through homes , tent cities and medical facilities , a report from the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said . Dozens of camps were flooded , hundreds of families were affected and at least six people were reported missing after the rains , which began Monday evening and stretched into Tuesday morning , the report said . The rainfall has forced residents to evacuate from homes and tent cities , and created a fertile breeding ground for the bacteria that causes cholera . The Pan American Health Organization warned the situation in Port-au-Prince continues to deteriorate and most cholera treatment centers are working at "  full throttle . " Aid agencies are scrambling to respond to a resurgence of cholera triggered by the heavy rain . Cholera is caused by drinking tainted water . Its symptoms can range from mild or even nonexistent to profuse diarrhea and vomiting . It 's not difficult to deal with the disease but if left untreated , death from dehydration can come within a matter of hours . "  The situation continues to deteriorate , " Beat Rohr , director of CARE in Haiti , said Tuesday . "  We never stopped sensitizing the population about the importance of clean water and the need to wash their hands regularly . But it wo n't be enough . " Journalist Ross Velton contributed to this report .	U.N. report : Floodwaters swept through homes , tent cities and medical facilities Dozens of camps are flooded , hundreds of families are affected , the U.N. report says Heavy rains have created a fertile breeding ground for cholera-causing bacteria
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In a further sign that China is edging ahead as the world 's dominant space power , Wang Yaping -- the second Chinese woman in space -- gave a physics lesson to school children from zero gravity . Speaking through a video link from the Shenzhou-10 manned spacecraft to a class of middle school students in Beijing , Wang demonstrated the effects of zero gravity on water and a pendulum . The blue-clad astronaut also showed how she could push a fellow astronaut into the wall of the module with touch of her finger and gulped down the drop of water as it floated in mid-air . Mass audience More than 60 million students across China watched the lecture on China 's state broadcaster CCTV as Wang demonstrated Newton 's second law of motion  force equals mass times acceleration  and the surface tension of water . Wang fielded questions from students that ranged from whether the team had seen any space junk or even UFOs , to the efficacy of weight scales in space . The demonstration drew a spirited response on social media in China , with comments on Weibo -- China 's equivalent of Twitter -- ranging from enthusiastic support for the country 's space program , to questioning the cost of the Shenzhou-10 program . "  The U.S. used to be proud of their space class ,  but  now we 've made it , too ! " one user posted . "  We should be proud of this . What others have , we have it too . " Experimental space station China launched three astronauts into space on board the Shenzhou-10 craft last week to dock with Tiangong-1 , an experimental space station used to test orbital rendezvous and docking capabilities . It is China 's fifth manned mission to space in a decade . While the space station only has a two-year operational lifespan , the development of a permanent space station is part of Beijing 's ambitious multi-billion dollar space plan , which is being hailed by the Communist Party as a symbol of China 's growing technical expertise . China first sent a human into space in 2003 but is already planning to complete its space station by 2020 , and sometime afterwards land a man on the moon . Despite the ambitious space program , China still lags Russia and the U.S. and is still attempting to reach milestones achieved by the two superpowers decades ago . Playing catch-up Despite these limitations , China 's Tiangong-1 space station is half the size of the first space station , Salyut 1 , that the Soviets sent up in 1971 -- analysts say that China is able to take advantage of advances in spaceflight technology . "  What we have seen more than anything else is a truly long-term commitment to space that dates back at least 25 years , and a sustained interest during those 25 years , " Dean Cheng of the Heritage Foundation , a policy research group in Washington DC , told the New Scientist . He said NASA 's human spaceflight program has struggled under changing budgets and governments while the Chinese space program had seen ordered and incremental progress since the 1990s . "  So as long as the money holds out and political stability reigns , they might well get to some place like Mars or establish a lunar presence , precisely because they are persistent and willing to spend the money and make the effort , " he said . CNN 's Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report .	Chinese astronaut Wang Yaping conducts a school lesson from space The astronaut addressed students through a live link-up from the Chinese space module Wang fielded questions about space junk , weighing mass in space and UFOs China has an ambitious space program that includes landing a man on the moon after 2020
CNN  -- A small plane crashed in Arizona on Saturday , killing a French tourist , police said . The Cessna carrying a pilot and six passengers crashed while trying to land at Page Airport , Police Capt. Ray Varner said . The airport is about 130 miles north of Flagstaff . Four people were hospitalized and released , Varner said . All the passengers were from France and touring the area , he said . The National Transportation Safety Board will investigate . Police did not release any names or give a cause for the crash . Pilot killed in California air show crash CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report	All six passengers on the Cessna were from France The plane crashed while trying to land at Page Airport Four people were treated at a hospital and released The NTSB will investigate the crash
Madrid  CNN  -- Years on the run as a suspected member of the feared "  Pink Panthers " gang of international jewel thieves have ended for a Serbian man who 's been arrested in a Madrid suburb , Spanish police said Wednesday . Police say Borko Ilincic , 33 , took part in a bold robbery of a jewelry store in Dubai in 2007 , when thieves drove two cars inside a shopping mall by the store . Spanish police said that robbery netted 3 million euros  $ 4 million  in jewels , but the international police agency Interpol says "  the gang made away with jewelry worth an estimated 11 million  $ 15 million  . " Spanish police say Ilincic is a suspected member of the Pink Panthers gang . Interpol , which had him on its wanted list , says the Pink Panthers are "  behind armed robberies targeting high-end jewelry stores in Europe , the Middle East , Asia and the United States . " Police in Britain named the gang the "  Pink Panthers " after the famed movie in which a thief steals the so-called Pink Panther jewel and hides it in a face cream jar to elude detection . In London , a diamond ring stolen in a May 2003 store robbery was hidden in a jar of face cream , and the gang 's nickname was born , an Interpol spokeswoman said by phone from the group 's headquarters in France . Ilincic is facing a life sentence in the United Arab Emirates for the 2007 jewel heist . Spanish police have been on the trail of Pink Panther suspects , and they zeroed in on Ilincic in the town of Alcala de Henares near Madrid . He was arrested Tuesday while driving a rented car after leaving a hotel , police said . Interpol says the Pink Panthers are a "  loosely-aligned network of criminals believed to have carried out robberies in excess of 300 million euros  $ 448 million  since 1999 . Hundreds of suspects are linked to more than 340 robberies in 35 countries . " "  The Pink Panthers ' methods are daring and quick . ... Many gang members are known to originate from the former Yugoslavia , but they work across countries and continents , " Interpol says on its website . Spanish police released video of the 2007 robbery at the Dubai shopping mall that showed a frightened store employee hiding behind a door while a hooded man , in another room , smashed glass windows to steal jewels . Afterward , the thieves ran to their cars parked inside the shopping mall and sped away . The police footage also shows scenes of the arrest this week in Madrid . A Spanish police spokesman said Madrid officers do n't know if the hooded man in the robbery video is Ilincic .	Borko Ilincic , a 33-year-old Serbian man , has been arrested in a Madrid suburb Police say he took part in a bold robbery of a jewelry store in Dubai in 2007 Spanish police say Ilincic is a suspected member of the Pink Panthers gang The gang 's behind jewelry store robberies in Europe , the Mideast , Asia and the U.S. , Interpol says
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- As the Ukrainian military warns of plans to assault this rebel-controlled city , separatist militants are thinning on the streets and their leaders are canceling public appearances . Government security officials said Monday they were preparing for a "  massive assault " on Donetsk , state media reported . Inside the city , shelling has already pushed some residents underground into cellars and half-built basements . In a dim labyrinth beneath a government building , dozens of women and children sleep on mattresses they carried below ground to take shelter from the violence . They say they believe separatists who have told them the Ukrainian army are American-backed fascists , set on attacking ethnic Russians . "  They crush us , the damn Americans . What are they doing ? Where there is war in the world , they have a part , " one woman said . Above ground , the grief and anger are more vivid , near where a school was hit . "  They are unworthy , because they are fascists , the government , why do they have to shoot innocent people ? " resident Svetlana Ivanovna said . Rima Denisovna returned home Monday to find glass covering her bed . Ukraine 's army has used a lot of artillery in its fast advance , but it 's unclear who fired the shells here that shattered her windows . Denisovna , who was staying with her daughter when the shells hit , knows one thing . "  If I 'd been asleep here , " she said , "  I would have died . "	Separatist militants are thinning on the streets of Donetsk Shelling has already pushed some residents to take shelter underground Women and children huddled in a basement criticize America A fast military advance leaves shattered windows and damaged homes behind
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- The woman who received the first-ever near-total face transplant in the United States told her doctor she has regained her self-confidence , said Dr. Maria Siemionow , head of plastic surgery research at the Cleveland Clinic and leader of the transplant team . This illustration represents the transformation of a patient who underwent a near-total face transplant in December . The patient , who prefers to be anonymous , is finally able to breathe through her nose , smell , eat solid foods and drink out of a cup , Siemionow told participants of the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Chicago over the weekend . The complex surgery , a 22-hour procedure , took place in December at the Cleveland Clinic . The patient received her new face in one graft from a donor cadaver . "  I believe this procedure is justified because you need a face to face the world , " Siemionow said . Watch an animation of the face transplant " The patient had previously "  suffered severe facial trauma , " the Cleveland Clinic said . She had no nose , right eye or upper jaw before the procedure , and could not smell or eat normally . People would call her names on the street , Siemionow said . The surgery gave the patient a nose with nasal lining , as well as a palate . This , combined with the olfactory receptors in the brain , gave the patient the ability to smell , Siemionow said . Social reincorporation is as important as the face transplant itself , Siemionow said . At this point , the patient does n't want to face the "  common world , " but she is facing her family , the surgeon said . The patient said she is happy because when she puts her hands on her face , she feels a nose , Siemionow said . She can also taste a hamburger and pizza , and drink coffee from a cup , the "  things we take for granted every day , " Siemionow said . The patient also received lower eyelids , upper lip , skin , muscles , bone , hard palate , arteries , veins and nerves . As for the aesthetics of the new face , Siemionow suggested that restoring function was more important . "  At this point , no one is really looking at beautification , " she said . Siemionow , who has been working on face transplant research for 20 years , received approval from the Institutional Review Board in 2004 to conduct a full facial transplant . Only patients who had already exhausted all possible options for conventional repair were considered for the transplant , Siemionow said . Currently , cancer patients are not candidates for face transplants because transplant recipients must take immunosuppression drugs for life so that the body does not reject the donated tissue , Siemionow said . In the future , however , lifelong immunosuppression may not be required , she said . While burn damage is normally patched with pieces of excess skin from a person 's own body , this does not work if the whole face needs to be covered -- the skin of the entire back is less than half of what would be needed to cover the full face and scalp , Siemionow said . Previously , three facial transplants had been completed -- two in France and one in China . The Chinese recipient , Li Guoxing , died in July of unknown causes , Guo Shuzhong , a doctor involved in the case , confirmed to CNN . One of the French face transplant recipients was a man who had a genetic disorder that created large tumors on his face . The other French patient had been bitten by a dog . The Chinese patient had been attacked by a bear . European news media recently reported that a surgeon in Spain received approval for another face transplant , which would be the fifth in the world . Researchers are also making headway into treatments for disorders that give rise to facial abnormalities , experts say . They are identifying genes that become mutated and cause the skull and facial features to become distorted . "  We 're moving into the arena where we can do medical treatment , " Dr. Ethylin Jabs , professor of developmental and regenerative biology at Mount Sinai Medical School , said at the conference . One example is Treacher Collins syndrome , a condition found in one in every 50,000 births , which affects the development of bones and other tissues in the face . Scientists have determined that the gene TCOF1 is involved in the disorder , and research is ongoing into the precise function of this protein . By looking at the genetic underpinnings of disorders that lead to facial deformities , scientists can also understand what accounts for the normal differences in face and skull types . "  These are going to be some of the genes that cause some of that variation , " Jabs said .	Face transplant recipient can now eat solid foods , smell , breathe out of nose The patient received her new face in one graft from a donor cadaver in December Skin on surface of a person 's back is not large enough to cover a face and scalp Doctor : Social reincorporation is as important as the face transplant itself
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Army said Sunday it has identified the remains of the last missing U.S. service member unaccounted for in Iraq . Staff Sgt. Ahmed K. Altaie of Ann Arbor , Michigan , was kidnapped October 23 , 2006 , after he left the Green Zone in Baghdad . The military said Altaie , then 41 , and serving as a translator for the U.S. military , was visiting family members when he was abducted . A group in February 2007 claimed on a militant Shiite Web site that it had Altaie and posted a 10-second video of a man it claimed was him . The man in the video was Altaie , his uncle told CNN then . Altaie 's remains were identified on Saturday by the Armed Forces Medical Examiner at the Dover Port Mortuary in Delaware , the Army said .	Staff Sgt. Ahmed K. Altaie was kidnapped in 2006 He was serving as a translator for the U.S. military
CNN  -- The rumor blowing up Saturday was that Day 2 of the Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival could feature a surprise appearance by electronica icons Daft Punk . According to the Twitterverse , it would probably take place during the set of headliners Phoenix . But when the special guest finally materialized on the main stage , it was n't Daft Punk , it was R. Kelly . Yes , that R. Kelly . The controversial R&B legend 's unexpected appearance prompted festival-goer Katy Perry to reference last year 's popular Tupac appearance on Twitter : "  Production value has really gone up at  Coachella  , it felt like R. Kelly was really there ! #rkellyhologram " Taking the stage near the end of night , Kelly joined the headliners for a mashup of their "  1901 " and his "  Ignition . " Kelly was n't the only R&B artist to make a cameo at Coachella on Saturday . John Legend premiered his Benny Benassi-produced single "  Dance the Pain Away " in the Sahara tent during the DJ 's set , and Solange made a guest appearance during the performance of her friends the xx . Their special Coachella remix of their cover of Aaliyah 's "  Hot Like Fire " and Solange 's "  Locked in Closets " injected an upbeat energy into an otherwise moody set . Other Saturday crowd-pleasers included the Violent Femmes , who had fans dancing and singing along to their 1983 hits "  Blister in the Sun , " "  Kiss Off " and "  Add It Up . " Although the songs were released before most of the festival-goers were born , they were familiar because of their ubiquitous presence on Los Angeles radio station KROQ . Another Day 2 favorite was 2 Chainz , the Georgia rapper best known for the tracks "  I 'm Different " and "  Birthday Song . " Coachella organizers obviously underestimated his rabid fan base , and instead of slotting him onto the main stage , they relegated him to a much smaller tent . Admirers spilled out the back and sides of the tent as puffy clouds of smoke rose from the crowd . Moby made his first appearance at Coachella since 1999 , the festival 's debut year . Even though he 's branched out as a musician in recent years , he returned to his DJ roots , playing the dance tent accompanied by visuals of outer space -- courtesy of his friends at NASA . "  When I was growing up , I was obsessed with science fiction , " he said . "  And then I became obsessed with space and science , but I was a college dropout , so I was never smart enough to be a scientist . As a musician , I 've made friends with people at NASA , so every couple of years , I find myself doing something with them . This is my hometown festival in some ways , and I only get nervous performing when I know people in the audience . " On the flip side , Janelle Monae trotted out her retro soul revue . The singer/funktress was eager to kick off her debut . "  I 've heard a lot about the festival . This is my first time , so I 'm excited about giving -- and having -- an experience that will be unforgettable . " To close the festival Sunday night , the Red Hot Chili Peppers returned for their third time headlining Coachella .	R. Kelly made a surprise appearance at Coachella during Phoenix 's set They performed their hits "  1901 " and "  Ignition " Day 2 of the festival also featured John Legend , Solange and 2 Chainz
London  CNN  -- Three "  extremely traumatized " women are being cared for by a charity after managing to leave a London house where they had allegedly been held captive for more than 30 years . One of the women -- a 30-year-old Briton -- "  appears to have been in servitude for her entire life , " Metropolitan Police Detective Inspector Kevin Hyland said . She and the other two women , a 57-year-old from Ireland and a 69-year-old from Malaysia , have been taken to a place of safety . Experts and charities explain how they might recover from their ordeal . How are the three women faring ? A television documentary on forced marriages relating to the work of Freedom Charity prompted one of the victims to call for help ; that organization 's founder Aneeta Prem told CNN the women were coping despite their ordeal . "  I 've seen them on a number of occasions , " she said . "  They 're doing remarkably well considering how harrowing it 's been for them . Every effort has been made to ensure they 're being taken care of , but it 's going to be a very long journey . "  Now we 've heard of the arrests of the two people allegedly involved in this and that 's going to be another journey in itself . It 's going to be very difficult . We 're really pleased with the work that we 've done in partnership with the police and they 're to be commended for taking this seriously . " How can victims of slavery or abuse be rehabilitated ? Time is of the essence when suspected victims of slavery or imprisonment are rescued , and the first moments are known as the "  golden hour . " Ann Reed , anti-trafficking response co-ordinator for the Salvation Army which helps trafficking victims in the UK for the first 45 days , said it was very important to quickly give them back their self-worth . "  Many victims will have had no opportunity to make decisions for themselves , even down to the smallest things like when to sleep or what to eat . "  So it 's important to put them on a road to recovery by giving them a safe environment , allowing them to choose when to eat and sleep , making them feel at home , offering them kindness and compassion . " It can be as basic as playing cards with the victims to put them at their ease , she said . Each case is different , with this latest being the most extreme one that Reed said she had ever heard about . "  I assume it will take many years for the victims in this case to recover , although we do not know the full details . It 's a complete one-off . " How do people who have been held captive find resilience ? Captives in similar situations draw strength from each other , Reed said , just as the three women who escaped this year after 11 years of sexual abuse in Cleveland , U.S. , did . In that notorious case one of the victims , Michelle Knight , credited Gina DeJesus -- with whom she shared a dark room measuring about 7 feet by 11Â 1/2 feet -- for saving her life . "  I never let her fall , and she never let me fall , " Knight told the trial of her tormentor Ariel Castro . "  She nursed me back to health when I was dying from his abuse . My friendship with Gina is the only good thing to come from this situation . " She returned the favor , at a cost to herself , placing herself in between Castro and DeJesus , taking on physical and sexual abuse herself to protect her friend , said Frank Ochberg , a pioneer in trauma research who testified in the case . Being the oldest , Knight often served as doctor , nurse and pediatrician for Amanda Berry and the young child that Castro fathered . She acted as the midwife , when it was born , delivering Berry 's baby in a plastic swimming pool . Somehow , Knight , Berry and DeJesus kept hope . As Knight said , "  We said we 'll all get out alive some day and we did . " Castro was sentenced to life imprisonment but was later found hanging in his prison cell . How many more victims of domestic slavery are there ? Authorities have rescued about 1,200 men and women in England and Wales since July 2011 , according to the Salvation Army . Many of those victims have endured sexual abuse in brothels , forced labor or domestic servitude . UK Special Envoy for Human Trafficking Anthony Steen told CNN he was not surprised by this case as there were likely to be many cases of domestic slavery in the country . "  We do n't know the number but we know it 's pretty huge . Domestics are hidden away , " he said . "  The difference between slavery when it was manifest in America -- as it was in England -- was that you could see it everywhere , " Steen said . "  Since then having abolished it , it 's grown , it 's got bigger and bigger -- in fact they say it 's between 10 and 20 times the size it was in the 1800s . " Steen said the largest number of people involved in slavery in Britain were in brothels , and that group was followed by men held against their will in debt bondage . "  Shadow City " was the title of one recent report into human trafficking in London , which explored where the abuses were taking place . "  Increasingly the authorities and many residents in London know there is a criminal activity called human trafficking , " it concluded . "  What they do n't usually know , accurately , is what human trafficking actually constitutes and what forms are taking place around them . Most London residents imagine that it does not touch directly on their lives -- that the exploitation takes place in brothels run by foreign gangs controlling foreign women . But it 's nearer than they think . " The Salvation Army 's Ann Reed said if anyone had concerns about neighbors , they should contact police . Causes for suspicion could be if there were several people living in a house , people buying large amounts of food , inhabitants struggling physically or those who were malnourished . They may not go often , or be under the control of others . How do victims of domestic servitude live ? Such victims often sleep on the floor in the kitchen , eat the leftover remains of the household and have no days off , Steen said . "  Domestic slavery is rampant particularly in the Middle East countries , in Africa and in Europe . By and large it 's people who have had their passports removed , they have no pay and are exploited and used . "  It 's not trafficking but slavery by any other word , except that you do n't see it . The problem with this case is that you never know when it will appear : with millions of houses and people it 's all behind closed doors . This exposes a problem in all western countries . It 's not the police you should blame it 's the next-door neighbor , but you do n't know what to look for . "  These people will be damaged for life . They will never recover . "	A couple is alleged to have held three women captive in London for more than 30 years Experts and charities explain how they might recover from their ordeal Time of the essence when suspected victims of slavery or imprisonment are rescued Captives in similar situations draw strength from each other , experts say
CNN  -- Apolo Anton Ohno has won eight Olympic medals -- two of them gold -- in short track speed skating , but he is also well known for helping people away from the rink . Ohno is the spokesman for SeeYourImpact.org , a nonprofit organization that not only lets people donate directly to someone in need , but also e-mails them to show exactly how their gift is making a difference . Ohno has been involved with CNN Heroes this year , serving on the Blue Ribbon Panel that selected the Top 10 Heroes . He recently sat down with CNN Entertainment senior producer Denise Quan to talk about CNN Heroes and his philanthropy . Below are excerpts from that interview . Denise Quan : How did you come to be involved with SeeYourImpact.org ? Apolo Anton Ohno : SeeYourImpact.org was first brought to me by a close friend who has been involved with philanthropic work for many years , and he said , "  Apolo , I know you are involved with a lot of different charitable organizations , but this is one that can help change billions of lives around the world . " I was always interested in affecting the lives within my community , and this is something that is the future of philanthropic giving , so I was very excited about it . At the end of the day it does n't matter how much money you 've made or how much money you are going to make , but how you can give back . Utilizing my success for a positive benefit , to help others , is something that really interested me . Quan : So what exactly does SeeYourImpact.org do ? How does it work ? Ohno : You go to the website and pick a geographic region and cause that we want to focus on . So let 's say I want to focus on an area in India and I want to focus on malnutrition or running water . And I would say , "  I want to help this family out for the next six months and I want to donate this amount of dollars . " One hundred percent of the donations go directly toward the people who receive the gift , and ... within two weeks , you receive a picture of the family and a story about how it has impacted their lives . In the business of giving , people want to see how their money is being used and how it is going to affect the families , and this is a perfect and wonderful opportunity to be a part of that change for the greater good . You hear fantastic stories about Bill Gates , Warren Buffett and a lot of other people who give money towards these amazing charities , but there are really thousands of ways where everyday people can donate -- even if it is a very small amount of money -- and help someone else who is in need . Quan : Has your work with SeeYourImpact.org changed you ? Ohno : It has really inspired me to be a better person . It 's a way for me to constantly stay motivated to know there are other people out there who do n't have the same resources or the same opportunities that I do . And it 's up to me to be able to make sure that they can have something better . At the end of the day , it 's things like SeeYourImpact.org and CNN Heroes that really are what life is really all about . Quan : So how did you become involved with CNN Heroes ? Ohno : I was asked to be a part of the Blue Ribbon Panel that selects the Top 10 Heroes of the year . And I had watched "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " in the past , and it 's a very popular show because it captures human emotion and spirit and it shows people doing extraordinary things for others . So it 's an amazing opportunity for me to be a part of it , and it 's an honor as well . Quan : So what 's it like to select the Top 10 Heroes ? What qualities did you look for ? Ohno : To be honest with you , it was very difficult to choose . If I could give out an award to every single one , I would . But I think your own personal beliefs , causes and life 's journey is what you kind of gravitate toward , so that 's how it was with me . I was drawn to people who I could sort of sympathize with and understand why they are doing something or working toward this cause as opposed to another . I did a lot of the due diligence and research myself , alone -- hours just reading about the causes , the people involved and how they impacted lives . It made me happy to know that there are people out there who have really dedicated their lives toward helping others . It 's pretty amazing to really see someone doing that . Quan : What is a hero to you ? Ohno : I think a hero to me is someone who defies odds , who follows their own dreams and passions but also does something extraordinary and has dedicated their life toward something that 's different -- helping others . And that 's why these CNN Heroes are so amazing to me . To see them and to see exactly what they 're doing and how they 're impacting lives , that is a hero to me . It truly is . And it inspires me to want to be a better person .	Olympian says SeeYourImpact.org represents the future of philanthropic giving The website facilitates donations and then shows donors how their gift made a difference Apolo Anton Ohno : ` People want to see how their money is being used ' Ohno is on the Blue Ribbon Panel that helped choose this year 's Top 10 CNN Heroes
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi government says it has banned all organized visits to Saddam Hussein 's grave amid concern over support for the late dictator 's former party . An Iraqi poet , left , gives a recital while children carry pictures of Saddam Hussein over his grave . A Cabinet statement on Monday said it had directed authorities in Salaheddin province and the Education Ministry to "  take all necessary measures " to prevent such outings . The former dictator , along with his two sons and other relatives , is buried in his hometown of al-Ouja near Tikrit in Salaheddin north of Baghdad . And , Hussein supporters and schoolchildren have made visits there on the late dictator 's birthday and hanging date . There have been videos on sites such as YouTube of people at the site . One video shows schoolchildren at the grave in December ; they carried banners at Hussein 's grave that said "  We wo n't forget you father " and they read pro-Hussein poetry . The government move was made after a recent visit by schoolchildren to the grave , but no reason was given for the decision . However , the move reflects the concern of Iraq 's government over the presence of the Baath Party in Iraq , Saddam Hussein 's political movement . The party and its symbols have been banned in Iraq . On Saturday , government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh told reporters that while there can be government reconciliation with individual Baathists who have not committed crimes such as killing Iraqis , there can never be national reconciliation with the party itself . Salaheddin Gov. Mutasher Hussein Alaiwi , said he had not received any official directives yet , but said he would implement Cabinet orders when he receives them . The governor said that would apply to organized group visits , but they would not stop individual ones . A resident of al-Ouja told CNN the government had no right to stop visitors from going to their former president 's tomb . "  Even if they put police and army outside the door , they will not stop us from visiting our president , our leader and our father , " said Mohammed al - Nasiri . Hussein was executed in 2006 after an Iraqi court sentenced him to death for crimes against humanity .	Iraqi government bans all organized visits to Saddam Hussein 's grave Former dictator buried in his hometown of al-Ouja near Tikrit , north of Baghdad Government move was made after a recent visit by schoolchildren to the grave Move reflects concern of Iraq 's government over presence of the Baath Party
CNN  -- The Super Bowl XX champions Chicago Bears -- regarded as one of the most colorful teams in NFL history with players nicknamed "  The Fridge , " "  Da Coach , " "  Sweetness , " and a punk quarterback -- has been invited to the White House next month to make up for a visit that was canceled 25 years ago , a White House official told CNN Thursday . As it turns out , President Barack Obama , who is from Chicago 's South Side , happens to be a big Bears fan . The team will visit Washington on October 7 , the official said . The Bears ' initial post-Super Bowl visit to the White House was canceled because the space shuttle Challenger exploded just two days after the January 1986 victory . The nation went into mourning over the seven-member crew 's deaths . The Bears posted a 15-1 record that season and are regarded as one of the most dominant teams to win the Super Bowl . What endeared the team to many fans , however , were the team 's colorful personalities -- perhaps too colorful because the Bears never became the dynasty that many had expected . An attendee list was n't immediately available , but the 1985 team roster included such prominent members as coach Mike Ditka , whose Midwest provincialism inspired a "  Saturday Night Live " skit with catchphrases such as "  Dit-Ka " and "  Da Bears " delivered in ice-hard Chicago accents ; Jim McMahon , often dubbed the "  punk quarterback ; " the 350-pound-plus lineman William "  The Fridge " Perry ; and erstwhile all-time NFL rushing leader Walter "  Sweetness " Payton , who died of cancer in 1999 . Considered a die-hard Bears fan , the president said it was difficult to host the Green Bay Packers at the White House in August to celebrate their Super Bowl victory last February . Bears vs. Packers is one of the NFL 's most intense rivalries . Both play in the NFC North , nicknamed the league 's bruising "  Black and Blue " division . "  This hurts a little bit . This is a hard thing for a Bears fan to do . It does n't hurt as much as the NFC Championship game hurt -- but it still hurts -- you guys coming to my house to rub it in , " Obama joked while honoring the Packers in August . "  What are you going to do , go to Ditka 's house next ? " The Bears lost to Green Bay in the NFC Championship game last season , and the Packers advanced to the Super Bowl .	The Super Bowl XX champs Bears will visit the White House on October 7 Oh , by the way , President Obama is a Bears fan The original post-Super Bowl visit was canceled due to the Challenger explosion
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Soldiers were among the casualties in a suicide attack at a cafe in Somalia early Saturday , authorities told CNN . The incident occurred in the town of Beledweyne in the central part of the African nation and it drew sharp condemnation from the Somali prime minister . Authorities continue to sort out the casualty figures . Police officers said the death toll is as high as 20 , but the country 's prime minister 's office reported at least 13 dead . A few dozen injuries were reported . "  I condemn the attack in the strongest terms and send my condolences to the families of all the innocent civilians who were killed and wounded , " Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon said . "  The motive of these attacks are to frighten Somali people , these acts of terrorism will not derail the progress made across Somalia . " Mohamed Ibrahim Ali , a Hirran deputy governor , said seven government soldiers died and top Somali military commanders were injured and hospitalized . He said at least 33 people were injured Al-Shabaab , the militant Islamist group , issued a claim of responsibility on its website and said it killed Somali and Ethiopian troops , who have been fighting Al-Shabaab . A terror group with ties to al Qaeda , Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for last month 's four-day siege at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi , Kenya , where at least 67 people died . Beledweyne is the capital of Hirran province , and the attack took place near the administrative office of the region . The city , more than 200 miles north of Mogadishu and near the Ethiopian border , is a commercial hub linking southern and northern Somalia . "  A process of establishing a regional administration in the area has been under way in the past couple of days , " the prime minister 's office said . In June 2009 , a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the front gate of the Medina Hotel in Beledweyne . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for that assault , which killed 35 people , including several Somalia diplomats .	The incident took place in the Somali city of Beledweyne Soldiers were among the dead , an official said Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack
Tokyo  CNN  -- Crews struggling to bring the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant under control had some success Sunday as cooling systems at two of the facility 's reactors were working , Kyodo News reported . Earlier , workers had connected electric cables needed to power up cooling systems in the damaged reactors . The plan is to get power up and running for the Numbers 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 reactors soon . Officials with plant owner Tokyo Electric and Power Company told CNN that the company still has to conduct safety and stability checks on the circuit before throwing the switch . Cooling systems at the Numbers 5 and 6 reactors -- the least-troublesome of the group -- have already been restored , Kyodo News said . The cooling systems are essential to keep temperatures low , curb the further emission of radioactive material and , in a worst-case scenario , prevent a full nuclear meltdown . A meltdown could occurs when nuclear fuel rods get so hot that they melt the steel and concrete structure containing them , spilling out into the air and water with potentially deadly results . But there is no guarantee that the cooling systems will work . "  We do not know if the water pumps are damaged and if they will still work when power is restored , " said Graham Andrew , a special assistant to the director of the International Atomic Energy Agency . Meanwhile , authorities set up a new system using an unmanned device that sprayed seawater continuously on the No. 3 reactor 's overheating spent nuclear fuel pool . A Tokyo fire department official said the system began operating around 2 p.m. Saturday and can spray water for up to seven hours at a time . Previously , firefighters , soldiers and electric company workers had manually done the same in brief intervals to avoid prolonged radiation exposure . The water , pumped from a nearby port and then funneled to the system , was directed at the No. 3 reactor 's spent fuel pool in order to cool it and prevent the emission of more radioactive material into the atmosphere . Authorities have also started spraying the No. 4 reactor . The news comes soon after the Japanese government considered halting the sale of food from farms near the Fukushima plant after abnormally high levels of radiation were found in milk and spinach . Very small amounts -- far below the level of concern -- of radioactive iodine were also detected in tap water in Tokyo and most prefectures near the Fukushima Daiichi plant damaged by last week 's monster earthquake and tsunami . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said levels of radiation exceeding safety limits stipulated by Japanese law were found in some samples of spinach and milk from the Fukushima and Ibaraki prefectures but authorities said the radioactive iodine-contaminated food posed little risk . Tainted milk was found 30 kilometers  18 1/2 miles  from the plant and spinach was collected as far as 100 kilometers  65 miles  to the south , almost halfway to Tokyo . "  Though radioactive iodine has a short half-life of about eight days and decays naturally within a matter of weeks , there is a short-term risk to human health if radioactive iodine in food is absorbed into the human body , " warned the International Atomic Energy Agency . A person who consumed the tainted food continuously for a year would take in the same amount of radiation as a single CT scan , Edano said . That 's about 7 millisieverts or double what an average person in an industrialized country is exposed to in a year , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . Beyond Saturday 's food safety announcement , there have been few indications of any immediate fallout from the nuclear crisis . Airborne radiation levels around Japan have shown no signs of spiking drastically , according to measurements posted online Saturday by the nation 's education and science ministry . Most readings showed detectable but relatively small amounts of radiation . Even the two top readings in Mito  in Ibaraki prefecture  and Utsonomiya  in Toshigi prefecture  are well below what 's considered dangerous to humans and had fallen in recent days . Still , no one has said that authorities are in the clear . In fact , authorities acknowledged Friday that the situation is far more serious than they 'd originally estimated . "  We sincerely apologize ... for causing such a great concern and nuisance , " said a statement from Masataka Shimizu , the president of Tokyo Electric . And the company 's managing director , Akio Komori , broke down in a tears after leaving a news conference in Fukushima at which exposure levels were discussed . Six members of the emergency crew at the plant have been exposed to more than 100 millisieverts of radiation per hour , the equivalent of getting 10 chest X-rays per hour , Tokyo Electric Power Company said . The utility said the workers were exposed when trying to restore electricity to the stricken reactors in hopes of using the cooling systems again . Tokyo Electric had raised the exposure level for emergency workers from its previous standard of 100 millisieverts per hour to 250 millisieverts . People are naturally exposed to about 3 millisieverts of radiation a year . The International Commission on Radiological Protection recommends no more than 50 millisieverts exposure in a given year for nuclear rescue and recovery workers . It offers no restriction in a crisis when "  the benefit to others clearly outweighs the rescuer 's risk . " CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki , Stan Grant and Steven Jiang contributed to this report	NEW : Report : Cooling systems at the Numbers 5 and 6 reactors are working Workers connected cables needed to power up cooling systems at the stricken reactors Japan may halt the sale of food from areas near the Fukushima nuclear plant Abnormally high levels of radiation were found in milk and spinach
CNN  -- A reactor at Japan 's Ohi nuclear plant will be shut down following problems with an emergency cooling system , Kansai Electric said Saturday . The move follows an emergency alarm late Friday triggered when the pressure dropped in the tank for the cooling system , company spokesperson Masaki Todatake said . Pressure returned to normal within about an hour after an injection of liquid nitrogen , but engineers plan to manually stop the No. 1 reactor at the Ohi plant in Fukui Prefecture to carry out a full inspection , Todatake said . It is not known how soon the reactor might start operating again , the company said , but there is no danger of radiation leak . The reactor 's closure leaves only 18 of Japan 's 54 nuclear plants producing electricity , worsening power supply problems following March 's earthquake and tsunami . The 15-meter  48-foot  tsunami inundated Japan 's coastal Fukushima Daiichi power plant , leading to a triple meltdown , the aftermath of which Tokyo Electric Power Co. engineers are still struggling to manage . The disaster has caused Japan to rethink its commitment to nuclear energy . Journalist Chie Kobayashi contributed to this report .	An emergency alarm is triggered when pressure drops in a cooling tank There is no danger of a radiation leak , power company Kansai Electric says The reactor 's closure leaves only 18 of Japan 's 54 nuclear plants in operation
London  CNN  -- Syrian athletes will be allowed to attend this summer 's London Olympics but officials from the war-torn country will not be welcome , says UK Prime Minister David Cameron . "  I do n't think we should punish the athletes for the sins of the region . Syrian athletes will be taking part in the Games , and that is right , " Cameron said at a Downing Street press conference on Wednesday . But representatives of the President Bashar al-Assad regime will not be welcome , he added . "  Britain has led efforts within the European Union and elsewhere to institute asset bans , travel freezes and punishing sanctions against this despicable regime and anyone covered by one of those travel bans will not be welcomed in London , " Cameron said . His message of support for Syrian athletes came on the same day as a visit by International Olympic Committee  IOC  President Jacques Rogge . Rogge is in London along with other IOC officials to see at first hand how final preparations for the Games  which start on July 27  are progressing . Earlier this month , Rogge said there were between six and eight Syrian athletes who could potentially qualify for the Games , but warned that any athlete implicated in war crimes would be banned . He added that the IOC was currently working with the United Nations  U.N.  to verify lists of those inside the country who are wanted for war crimes . According the U.N. 's most recent estimates , more than 9,000 people have been killed since the conflict between Syrian forces and rebels began in March 2011 .	British Prime Minister David Cameron backs Syrian athletes to attend to London 2012 Olympics "  I do n't think we should punish the athletes for the sins of the region , " Cameron said IOC currently working with the United Nations to identify anyone guilty of war crimes in Syria More than 9,000 people have died in the conflict which started in March 2011
Los Angeles frequently had "  Stage 3 " smog alerts when I was a kid , meaning that we were n't supposed to play outside . Fortunately , those days are over . Air quality in California , including Los Angeles , has vastly improved from decades ago . But compared to other states and to the Federal Clean Air Act health standards , California is way behind on cleaning up its air pollution . The American Lung Association  ALA  just released its annual "  State Of The Air " report listing the most polluted cities in the United States . Of the seven worst cities ranked as having the worst air quality , six -- including Los Angeles - are in California , despite the state having the toughest regulations in the country . Why is this ? The two biggest air pollution culprits are transportation sources such as cars and trucks and stationary sources such as oil refineries and industrial facilities . The ALA rankings look at two different pollutants : ozone  smog  and fine particulate matter . Ground-level ozone is formed when nitrogen oxides and volatile organic compounds "  cook " in sunlight to produce ozone . This mix of chemicals largely stems from the burning of fossil fuels : the pollution that comes from our power plants and industrial facilities and from the exhaust pipes of our cars , trucks , ships and trains . The ozone smog that comes from this chemical stew burns the eyes , makes breathing painful and can cause chest pain , coughing , throat irritation and can worsen asthma . Children are at greatest risk from exposure because their lungs are still developing , and they are more likely to be active outdoors when ozone levels are high . Rising temperatures from climate change will only serve to spur even more of this pollution . Particulate matter , the other major air pollutant in cities , is often smaller than the diameter of a human hair . Just like ozone , fossil fuel combustion at power plants and by cars and trucks plays a major role in its production . The very small particles can lodge deep in the lungs , causing health risks such as premature death in people with heart or lung disease , asthma aggravation and decreased lung function . Children and seniors are at the greatest risk from particulate pollution . And we 're seeing these human health impacts all across Southern California and the Central Valley . If you 've been to L.A. , you know how bad the traffic is -- it can take me 2 hours to drive the 18 miles from my office to Dodger Stadium . All those vehicles contribute to Southern California 's horrible air pollution . It 's true that cars now emit fewer pollutants -- due to regulation at the federal and state level -- but Los Angeles simply has too many cars for the carrying capacity of the region . A massive increase in public transit , hybrid and zero-emission cars and trucks is a sound solution to help alleviate this pollution . The intense truck traffic on L.A. 's freeways is a symptom of the L.A. area ports ' successes . Over 80 % of all U.S. imports from Asia come through these ports , and roughly 40 % of those imports are moved by diesel trucks . California state air regulators have taken strong steps to clean up the diesel truck fleet , but we are far from where we need to be -- diesel trucks , collectively , are still an enormous source of particulate pollution . Another solution is replacing fossil-fueled trucks that haul cargo containers to and from Los Angeles ' ports with zero-emission freight movement systems such as electric trucks . Ports and regulators have already spent many millions of dollars developing these sensible 21st century systems , but industry has yet to deploy them . The San Joaquin Valley , California 's other pollution center , is largely a rural area and home to the state 's agricultural industry . The wide , flat valley , like Los Angeles , is surrounded by mountains that trap air . Since the valley 's population is growing , there are also more cars and trucks . And two major north-south truck routes , I-5 and U.S. 99 , bisect the valley . Off-road vehicles used in agriculture as well as agricultural practices such as burning off fields also contribute to particulate matter overload . I drove through the valley on my way to Yosemite National Park last October , but the smog was so thick I could n't see the Sierra Nevada range until I was there . Bottom line : too many cars and trucks , and too much fossil fuel combustion by vehicles , power plants and industry are the problem . And climate change is only making it worse . But there 's hope : California leads the movement towards a clean , renewable energy future , and if we can accelerate that transition , we have a fighting chance of getting off the ALA 's "  worst " list .	A new report lists the most polluted cities in the U.S. , including several California cities David Pettit : There are too many cars and trucks , oil refineries and industrial facilities He says Los Angeles , for example , needs to massively expand its public transit system Pettit : California needs to accelerate development of clean , renewable energy
CNN  -- Colombian Sgt. Pablo Emilio Moncayo , held by Colombian FARC rebels as a hostage for more than 12 years , was reunited with his family after being released by his captors . The young soldier arrived in the city of Florencia in a Brazilian military helicopter that transported him from the jungle , and he walked out wearing a military uniform and into his waiting father 's arms . He had been held captive longer than any other hostage held by the rebels . Moncayo was accompanied by Colombian Sen. Piedad Cordoba , who helped negotiate his release . He had been captured as a 19-year-old corporal when Marxist guerrillas attacked his unit , killing 22 of his colleagues and capturing him and 18 others on December 21 , 1997 . "  How amazing it is to see civilization again , " Moncayo told reporters shortly after his return . The advances in technology fascinated him the most , he said . "  I survived everything , all of these years of captivity because of my love for Colombia , " Moncayo said . Moncayo thanked Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa for asking for his release , and presidents Hugo Chavez of Venezuela and Luis Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil , but he did not mention Colombian President Alvaro Uribe during his remarks . Another source of tension during the rescue came after the Venezuelan-based network Telesur broadcast images of Moncayo and those involved in the handover . The Colombian government issued a terse statement calling the broadcast a violation of the protocols of the rescue . The television station denied any wrongdoing , and Cordoba said that the humanitarian party had not noticed that the network had someone in the jungle filming . During the handover , the FARC also gave Senator Cordoba the coordinates of the remains of a third hostage who died in captivity in 2006 . Colombian authorities could retrieve the remains of Maj. Julian Guevara as soon as Thursday . The FARC has said that Moncayo 's was the last unilateral hostage release it would make . It is asking for a prisoner swap for the remaining hostages they hold . If his experience was like that of other freed hostages , Moncayo likely spent the years chained to trees and marching from one jungle hideout to another every few days . Other captives have talked about enduring rain , cold and a blistering sun , and eating mostly beans and rice and weak soup -- when fortunate enough to get a meal . It 's a reality that changed Tuesday for Moncayo when the rebels released him . The rebels had said they would release Moncayo , who was promoted to the rank of sergeant while in captivity , nearly a year ago . The FARC already released a hostage Sunday . Josue Daniel Calvo , who had been held for 11 months , was reunited with his family Sunday on a tarmac in the city of Villavicencio , where the helicopter that retrieved him touched down . The humanitarian mission to release the captives has been led by Colombian Sen. Piedad Cordoba , who has obtained freedom for previous hostages . The Red Cross also has been involved . Brazil , which is trusted by both sides , has picked up and ferried the hostages aboard its helicopters . The FARC released six hostages last year but have said Moncayo would be the last set free unilaterally . From now on , the FARC said , the rebels will demand that guerrillas held by the Colombian government be swapped for the remaining police and soldiers under rebel captivity , many for more than a decade . Moncayo was among the best-known hostages still in FARC captivity , due mostly to the efforts of his father , who walked across Colombia to garner attention and press for his son 's release . Gustavo Guillermo Moncayo Rincon set out on June 17 , 2007 , Father 's Day in Colombia , on a 700-mile  1,100-kilometer  trek from his hometown of Sandona to the capital , Bogota . The teacher became known as "  el caminante por la paz "  "  the walker for peace "  . He was received by a governor and a mayor on his walk , which drew nationwide attention . Thousands of people cheered him when he arrived at the Plaza de Bolivar in Bogota in August 2007 . The walk put pressure on Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to negotiate with the rebels , which he has steadfastly declined to do . The FARC announced on April 16 , 2009 , that it would release Moncayo in the hopes of starting peace talks with the government . Uribe responded that the rebels first had to stop "  bombing , kidnapping and drug smuggling . " Any chance for an immediate release seemed to fall apart in December , when 10 armed men killed a state governor and Uribe blamed the FARC . The hostage release came alive again this month when Brazil announced it was moving helicopters to the border near Colombia to use in the operation . Calvo was released Sunday and Moncayo was set free Tuesday . Calvo became dizzy and sick on the helicopter ride , but he was in better health than family and others expected , intermediary Cordoba said at a news conference . The soldier walked from the helicopter with his family and the aid of a walking stick . One of the best-known incidents involving FARC hostages occurred in July 2008 , when a rescue operation freed former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt along with three U.S. military contractors and 11 Colombian police and military members . Betancourt had been held hostage since 2002 . Colombia has previously said the rebels are holding hundreds of captives , but the government group Freedom Foundation said this month that FARC was holding about 50 people . The group attributed the revision to "  cleaning up databases . " Independent anti-kidnap organizations accused the government of minimizing the problem to try to demonstrate political gains . No independent estimate of FARC 's guerrilla strength exists , though its military force has been severely compromised recently . Government estimates say the FARC fighting force could have dropped to below 7,000 from highs of around 18,000 in 2000 . Security analysts have said FARC guerrillas , who are accused of trafficking in cocaine to finance their insurgency , have thousands of supporters , mostly in rural areas . The guerrilla group operates mostly in Colombia but has carried out extortion , kidnappings and other activities in Venezuela , Panama and Ecuador , analysts say .	Brazilian helicopter returns Pablo Emilio Moncayo to freedom Colombian soldier had been held by FARC guerrillas since December 1997 Moncayo 's father walked 700 miles in campaign to win his release FARC say from now on , it will demand prisoner swap to release captives
CNN  -- Two senior Indian officials met with the Sri Lankan president Friday in Colombo to address the humanitarian crisis in the war-torn island nation . A Sri Lanka army photo of what it says are refugees fleeing a rebel area . Shiv Shankar Menon , the Indian foreign secretary and M.K. Narayanan , the national security adviser , met with President Mahinda Rajapaksa , according to A.M.J. Sadiq , a foreign ministry official in Sri Lanka . He did not provide further details . "  The Indian message was just short of reading the riot act , " a source told CNN . Significant numbers of people have been killed or wounded in a Sri Lankan offensive against the faltering Tamil Tiger rebel movement , and thousands are trapped by the fighting , the United Nations said Wednesday . "  Given that the area has shrunk even further , the potential for further significant casualties still remains , " the U.N. said in a statement . The Sri Lankan army launched an operation against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam in the country 's northern area Monday , and a deadline for the rebels to surrender passed Tuesday . Government troops say they have rescued 39,000 civilians trapped in the area , but tens of thousands more remain wedged on the island 's northeastern coast . The area remains controlled by the rebels , the U.S. State Department said Tuesday . The Tigers have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka 's northeast since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries , including the United States and the European Union . Thousands of civilians remained threatened , Pranab Mukherjee , India 's foreign affairs minister , said in a statement Thursday . He called for an end to hostilities in the area . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said it is helping the government in the regions of Vavuniya and Jaffna , with emergency shelters and distribution of aid . There are about 38 internally displaced persons sites and authorities are working to come up with more land and buildings for more displaced people . "  UNHCR remains deeply concerned about the estimated 50,000 people who are still trapped inside the conflict zone where fighting is intensifying , " the organization said . "  We urge the government to exercise extreme caution in its military actions and calls upon the LTTE to allow displaced people to leave the area immediately , " the UNHCR said .	Senior Indian officials meet with the Sri Lankan president U.N. says "  significant number " of dead and wounded in Sri Lanka offensive Humanitarian agency says aid cut off to more than 80,000
Tegucigalpa , Honduras  CNN  -- At least 13 people died Thursday in a fire at a prison in northern Honduras , a fire official said . Among the dead was a prisoner who was decapitated , a fire official told reporters . Video shot at the scene showed thick clouds of smoke billowing from the building . The incident comes on the heels of another prison fire in Honduras that killed more than 350 people last month . The cause of the fire at the prison in San Pedro Sula was not immediately known . Police Chief Ricardo Ramirez said shots had been heard from inside . A fire last month in the central Honduran town of Comayagua killed 358 inmates . Two previous deadly prison fires have occurred in San Pedro Sula . In 2009 , 103 people were reported killed and in 2004 , 107 died . Honduran prisons have been criticized for being overcrowded places with poor conditions . The International Centre for Prison Studies , citing February 2010 figures , said that the country 's prisons were operating at 137.9 % of capacity .	One of the dead was decapitated , a fire official says A fire at a different Honduran prison last month killed 358 people The cause of the fire at the prison in San Pedro Sula was not immediately known
CNN  -- Billionaire oilman T. Boone Pickens is putting his clout behind renewable energy sources like wind power . T. Boone Pickens talks about the advantages of wind power on CNN in May . The legendary entrepreneur and philanthropist on Tuesday unveiled a new energy plan he says will decrease the United States ' dependency on foreign oil by more than one-third and help shift American energy production toward renewable natural resources . "  The Pickens Plan " calls for investing in domestic renewable resources such as wind , and switching from oil to natural gas as a transportation fuel . In a news conference outlining his proposal , Pickens said his impetus for the plan is the country 's dangerous reliance on foreign oil . "  Our dependence on imported oil is killing our economy . It is the single biggest problem facing America today , " he said . Watch Pickens discuss plan for wind power " "  Wind power is ... clean , it 's renewable . It 's everything you want . And it 's a stable supply of energy , " Pickens told CNN in May . "  It 's unbelievable that we have not done more with wind . " Pickens ' company , Mesa Power , recently announced a $ 2 billion investment as the first step in a multibillion-dollar plan to build the world 's largest wind farm in Pampa , Texas . Pickens said Tuesday that if the United States takes advantage of the so-called "  wind corridor , " stretching from the Canadian border to West Texas , energy from wind turbines built there could supply 20 percent or more of the nation 's power . He suggested the project could be funded by private investors . Power from thousands of wind turbines that would line the corridor could be distributed throughout the country via electric power transmission lines and could fuel power plants in large population hubs , the oil baron said . Fueling these plants with wind power would then free up the natural gas historically used to power them , and would mean that natural gas could replace foreign oil as fuel for motor vehicles , he said . Using natural gas for transportation needs could replace one-third of the United States ' imported oil and would save more than $ 230 billion a year , Pickens said . "  We are going to have to do something different in America , " Pickens told CNN . "  You ca n't keep paying out $ 600 billion a year for oil . " His energy plan could be implemented within 10 years if both Congress and the White House treat the current energy situation as a "  national emergency and take immediate action , " he predicted . Pickens , a lifelong Republican , says he is not advising either presidential candidate , but is prepared to work with the next president . The Web site for the plan urges people to sign up and help spread the word . Oil analyst Peter Beutel of Cameron Hanover , an energy risk manager , said Pickens ' plan could definitely reduce the country 's dependency on foreign oil . "  The best thing about it is that it 's a definite plan -- it 's not something that either party has pitted itself outrightly against . It therefore has a tremendous chance for success on Capitol Hill . " Analyst Fadel Gheit of Oppenheimer & Co. . Inc. , an investment firm , added that such a plan "  has been on the drawing board for years . " At least 21 states and the District of Columbia have set deadlines or goals for utilities to obtain electricity from clean , renewable sources instead of fossil fuel-burning plants . See where states stand on renewable resources " The scramble has triggered construction of large-scale wind farms throughout much of the nation , including proposals for the first U.S. offshore facilities . Delaware and Galveston , Texas , have offshore projects in the works , although a farm proposed off New York 's Long Island was shelved this year because of high projected construction costs . In Massachusetts , where utilities are under the gun to obtain four percent of electricity from renewables by 2009 , builders await federal approval of a hugely controversial wind farm off historic Cape Cod . The Cape Wind project envisions 130 wind turbines each rising 440 feet above Nantucket Sound by 2011 . State officials said the farm will eliminate pollution equal to 175,000 gas-burning cars . CNN 's Emily Anderson and Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	T. Boone Pickens launches plan to reduce U.S. dependence on foreign oil Oilman calls for more use of wind power , switch to natural gas to power vehicles Pickens ' company has announced plan to build world 's largest wind farm in Texas Wind turbines could supply 20 percent or more of U.S. power needs , Pickens says
As a journalist hailing from the Indian state of Chhattisgarh , the epicenter of a violent Maoist insurgency , Shubhranshu Choudhary was regularly confronted with the shortcomings of his profession . The uprising , described by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2006 as India 's "  single biggest internal security challenge ever , " drew much of its strength from the disenfranchised indigenous communities who are a majority in Chhattisgarh . Numbering perhaps as many as 100 million across India , the "  tribals " live in impoverished rural conditions comparable to or lower than those prevalent in sub-Saharan Africa , according to the United Nations . Yet despite their centrality to the conflict , the voice of the tribal people was almost completely absent from the national media conversation . "  There 's not a single tribal journalist , " said Choudhary . "  There 's a complete disconnect : reader , writer ,  media  owners all on one side , this 100 million population on the other . The journalism is completely one-sided . " Not only were the tribal people absent as voices in the media -- they had no access as consumers either , said Choudhary . There were any number of barriers . They spoke different languages to those used in the mainstream press . Many did not read or write . They lived in remote , inaccessible villages , without electricity . "  To reach one village you typically need to cross five rivers and five hills -- and there are no roads , " said Choudhary . "  The only communication they have is with their wife or husband or people from neighboring villages if they go to market , because there is no radio , TV , magazines -- nothing in those languages . " Choudhary , a former BBC journalist , saw a link between the rural poor 's exclusion and the violence wracking the region . "  It is natural when your concerns are not heard you find another avenue -- that avenue has happened to be a violent ideology called Maoism . " And so with support from the International Center for Journalists , with whom he is a Knight International Journalism Fellow , Choudhary began an experiment in citizen journalism . "  We understood it would have to be cheap and that voice would be key -- because people are not comfortable with reading and writing , " he said . The initial phase of the experiment , which revolved around the internet and community radio stations , "  failed completely , " he admitted . But then he took a different tack , focusing on mobile phones , which have a 74 % penetration rate in India . "  Mobile is the most democratic tool in India today , " said Choudhary . Although the mobile penetration rate in rural areas was about half the national level  36 %  , phones were still a common sight even in the most remote villages . "  When we started working in 2004-5 in the villages , we did not see mobile phones . But there has been a sea-change . Mobile phone use has exploded . " Read more : Indian phone features 29 Quran translations The result , CGNet Swara  roughly , the "  voice of Chhattisgarh "  is a voice portal that allows anyone with a mobile phone to record or listen to news and items of interest . The operation is simple : on dialing the service 's number , users press "  1 " to record a report , or "  2 " to listen to one . Once a report is recorded , it is verified and edited by a team of moderators before being made accessible on the service . The service "  did better than we ever expected , " said Choudhary . He added that in the two years since it began , Swara has had 9,000 users , logged more than 30,000 phone calls and published 750 news stories , including a number which have had a big impact . For example , in January last year , Swara published a citizen journalist interview with Pitbasu Bhoi , a disabled man who said he had not been paid wages for 100 days of work on the government 's flagship rural job guarantee scheme . Bhoi 's infant son had died as he could not afford to bring him to a hospital for treatment . National dailies picked up the story and a light was shone on what activists say is a common complaint of unpaid wages . Bhoi now contributes reports to the service himself . Other stories have shared allegations including villages being razed in raids by security forces , police brutality , food programs for poor children going months without receiving supplies , and resistance to land being taken over for mining . "  It is the first communication platform of any type for these people , " Choudhary said . "  When they raise their concerns in their own language , some journalist or lawyer picks it up or authorities hear about it and solve their problem then the circle is completed . " The service has also played a role in preserving the tribal languages , he said . Read more : India 's telecoms king looks to Africa Elisa Tinsley , director of the ICJ 's Knight International Journalism Fellowships , and a former world editor at USA Today , said the initiative was a prime example of the type of journalism the program sought to encourage . "  Swara uses an innovative mobile phone system to help isolated communities for the first time have access to local news . And it provides an outlet that allows the people in these communities to be heard , hold governments accountable and create transparency . " Swara works because of the low cost and prevalence of the mobile phone , said Choudhary , and its success has seen it replicated in other parts of the world . In Indonesia , RuaiSwara provides a similar service in Bahasa , while an affiliated service , RuaiSMS , uses text messages to facilitate citizen reporting in West Kalimantan and West Borneo . Other projects modeled on Swara are being developed in Egypt and Afghanistan . Choudhary is continuing to tinker with the model , with aspirations to overcome legal hurdles and incorporate a shortwave radio component into Swara 's operations . For that reason , he said , Swara needs to be especially careful about the accuracy of its reports . "  We are extra cautious not to give the authorities any reason to close us down , because we are the ones bringing out unpleasant stories for them , " Choudhary said . "  There are people in power who would be very happy to shut us down . "	Citizen journalism project using mobile phone technology to reach India 's tribal communities The state where the service operates has been the center of a violent Maoist insurgency CGNet Swara allows people in remote areas to file and listen to reports from their mobile Founders say it has given a voice to an excluded community
CNN  -- The sole survivor of Sunday 's shooting rampage in Wisconsin "  played dead " after a sheriff 's deputy shot him three times , Wisconsin 's attorney general said Tuesday . Tyler Peterson , a sheriff 's deputy , shot and killed six people , police said . After Tyler Peterson shot him once , Charlie Neitzel , 21 , begged him to stop . But Peterson fired again . Neitzel fell to the floor , was shot a third time , and did n't move . "  Playing dead until Peterson left , Neitzel survived , " Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen said . Neitzel underwent surgery Tuesday and was in stable condition Tuesday night , a hospital employee told CNN . The families of the six slain young people -- all current or former graduates of Crandon High School in Crandon , Wisconsin , asked that media leave them alone in their grief , Van Hollen told reporters . But the families of the victims also wanted it known that they had met with Peterson 's family . "  They hold no animosity toward them , " Van Hollen said , conveying the families ' wishes that the Peterson family be allowed space and time to heal . On Sunday around 2 a.m.  3 a.m. ET  Peterson , a full-time Forest County Sheriff 's deputy , went to a party at a home in the small town of Crandon apparently to make amends with an ex-girlfriend , a friend of Peterson 's told The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel . Peterson argued with Jordanne Murray , accusing her of dating someone else , said Van Hollen . Peterson lost control after people called him a "  worthless pig , " Peterson 's friend Mike Kegley told the paper . Peterson left the party and got a police-style AR-15 rifle from his truck , forced his way back into the apartment and fired about 30 rounds at about 2:45 a.m.  3:45 a.m. ET  . Six people were killed . According to The Associated Press , investigators found three bodies on or next to a couch -- Lindsey Stahl , 14 ; Aaron Smith , 20 ; and Bradley Schultz , 20 . Murray , 18 , was found in the kitchen . Lianna Thomas , 18 , was found in a closet , and Katrina McCorkle , 18 , was just outside it . Both had apparently been trying to hide , Van Hollen said , according to AP . Neitzel was the last person shot , Van Hollen said . Less than 20 minutes later , a patrolling Crandon police officer , reported hearing gunfire and approached the apartment building to investigate , Van Hollen said . The officer , Greg Carter , 21 , said he saw Peterson exit the building with a rifle , and momentarily lost sight of him . Then , Carter "  heard multiple rounds of gunfire " and Carter 's windshield burst , Van Hollen said . Van Hollen said Peterson drove "  aimlessly " through three Wisconsin counties and made false calls to authorities to "  throw police off his tail . " He eventually stopped in Argonne , Wisconsin , where he spoke to friends and confessed , Van Hollen said . Peterson was killed in a shootout with law officers Sunday after negotiations for his surrender failed . The details of the negotiations are not being released at this time pending an ongoing investigation , Van Hollen said Tuesday . E-mail to a friend	Charlie Neitzel , 21 , begged Tyler Peterson to stop shooting , AG said AG : After Peterson fired second time , Neitzel dropped to floor and did n't move Peterson was shot three times in the head ; once in bicep , AG said Peterson opened fire on a party of young people Sunday , killing six
Belgrade , Serbia  CNN  -- A gunman went on a shooting spree in the Serbian town of Velika Ivanca on Tuesday , killing at least 13 people , including a small child , according to Police Chief Milorad Veljovic . The town lies roughly 25 miles south of the capital , Belgrade . Are you there ? Share your story with CNN iReport . The man , in his 60s , entered five houses and shot six men , six women and one child dead . Twelve of the victims died immediately , another died at a Belgrade hospital , Serbian news agency Tanjug reported . Two people remained hospitalized , one of them likely the suspected shooter , Tanjug reported , citing Veljovic . Veljovic said the gunman attempted to kill his wife and take his own life , according to Tanjug . It was not immediately clear whether the man 's wife survived . Investigators do n't know what sparked the killings , Veljovic said . Serbian broadcaster B92 described the man as a veteran of the Serbian-Croatian war in the 1990s who had lost his job a year ago . Neighbors said the man had never seemed violent , B92 reported . Serbia has a low murder rate , nearly on par with that of Sweden , according to the World Health Organization . With 1.2 intentional homicides per 100,000 inhabitants in 2010 , Serbia 's murder rate was one-quarter of that of the United States .	NEW : The shooting suspect is a war veteran who never seemed violent , a broadcaster reports The man goes house to house , killing occupants ; six women , six men and one child die Murder is rare in Serbia , according to the World Health Organization
CNN  Look out . The bragging war between two of the world 's busiest airports just got more intense . For the first time in a decade , Chicago 's O'Hare topped Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson in total flights by more than 13,000 , according to new stats from the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration . The score for 2014 : Chicago , 881,933 ; Atlanta , 868,359 . Hey , this is important . It 's about who 's No. 1 . It 's about bragging rights . "  Chicago reclaims its place " as the "  world 's busiest airport , " Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a statement Thursday , crediting new airline routes , newly relocated businesses and the city 's strong economy . But Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson remains No. 1 in annual passenger traffic . Spokesman Reese McCranie said the airport is projected to top 96 million passengers for 2014 , compared with O'Hare , which handled 66.7 million in 2013 . That put O'Hare in fifth place globally for passengers . "  With our friends in Chicago , it 's always a little bit of friendly rivalry , " McCranie said . "  Our operations folks are probably getting ribbed by their operations folks for edging us out . But you know , we 're all one aviation system , so when O'Hare does well , other airports -- including ours -- do well . " ATL24 : A day in the life of the world 's busiest airport So really , which airport is the busiest ? Which is more challenging for an airport ? Handling more airplanes -- or more passengers ? Each has its own contributing factors : - O'Hare has eight runways . Atlanta , five . - Atlanta tends to have more sunshine than Chicago , which may cut weather delays and cancellations . - O'Hare hosts many regional airlines , but McCranie said Atlanta carriers are adding more airliners with higher passenger capacity . "  So when you have that , of course that means you do n't have as many takeoffs and landings , " McCranie said . Let 's stop for a minute and remind ourselves that these two airports are called upon to perform something that 's really quite amazing . With incredible attention to safety , they serve nearly a million flights a year and tens of millions of passengers . Large international airports are among the world 's most complicated facilities , with constantly moving components that require detailed attention . Being the busiest -- on any level -- is a true badge of honor . Emanuel said the victory comes from Chicago being "  the top metro area for foreign direct investment " and its "  record growth in international tourism . " So , how do you define the world 's "  busiest " airport ? What 's the definition of "  busy ? " Webster 's makes it pretty simple : "  actively doing something . " From a traveling consumer perspective , traditionally , passenger traffic has been the key stat when talking about the "  busiest " airports . That 's because the FAA takeoff and landing stats include military and other noncommercial flights . For example , an airport that includes a hub for a cargo delivery outfit -- such as UPS Airlines in Louisville , Kentucky -- is going to have more takeoffs and landings that do n't include passengers . Although 2014 global stats are pending , year-to-date figures suggest that Atlanta will still be the busiest airport in the world based on passenger traffic , according to Airports Council International . In 2013 , ACI said Beijing ranked No. 2 in passengers , with 83.7 million . London 's Heathrow ranked No. 3 in 2013 , but ACI says Dubai is poised to surpass Heathrow in international passengers in 2014 . The rising passenger traffic at Dubai 's airport shows how aviation 's "  nucleus " has moved eastward in the past decade , resulting in double-digit growth rates , said Dr. Rafael Echevarne , ACI economics director . Airlines , he said , are scheduling more fights out of Dubai that use wide-body , long-haul planes that carry more passengers . As for airport takeoffs and landings in 2013 , it ranks globally like this  after Atlanta and Chicago  : 3 . Los Angeles ; 696,443 4 . Dallas-Fort Worth ; 678,059 5 . Denver ; 582,653 6 . Beijing ; 567,759 Meanwhile , these new numbers appear to be throwing more fuel on the fire in the rivalry between Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson and Chicago O'Hare . "  We 'll let them hold the mantle this year , " said McCranie . "  We 'll come back swinging next year , and we 'll see what happens . "	Chicago declares O'Hare International Airport "  world 's busiest airport " FAA stats show O'Hare tops Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson as No. 1 in takeoffs and landings Does that make O'Hare the "  world 's busiest airport ? " Depends on whom you ask Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson handles more yearly passengers than any other airport , worldwide
Watsonville , California  CNN  -- Sitting at the kitchen table in his small house , Steven Butler has trouble even with a very simple question . He can not tell you the day of the week or the month , and he has to have the help of a calendar to tell you the year . "  Once a moment is gone , it 's gone , " said his brother and caregiver , David Butler says in an interview to air on tonight 's "  Campbell Brown " . "  He ca n't remember any good times , birthday parties , Christmas , any event . " On October 7 , 2006 , Steven Butler , by his own admission , was drunk and disorderly . He refused an order from a police officer in his hometown to get off a city bus . The officer used his Taser ECD  officially , an "  Electronic Control Device "  three times . According to doctors , Butler suffered immediate cardiac arrest . He was revived by emergency medical technicians who happened to be close by , but his attorneys say his brain was deprived of oxygen for as long as 18 minutes . He is now permanently disabled . Butler and his family have filed a lawsuit -- not against the police , but against the maker of the weapon , Taser International . John Burton , a lawyer based in Pasadena , California , says he can prove that when the weapons are fired directly over the chest , they can cause and have caused cardiac arrest . In addition , Burton says he can prove Taser knew about that danger . "  Well , we can prove that by early 2006 , " said Burton , "  but we suspect they had all the necessary data since 2005 , since they were funding the study . " The study Burton mentions was published in early 2006 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation . Funded by Taser , it focused on pigs struck by Tasers , with the conclusions , according to the study , "  generalized to humans . " The authors wrote that being hit by a Taser is unlikely to cause cardiac arrest , but nevertheless recommended Taser darts not be fired near the heart to "  greatly reduce any concern for induction of ventricular arrhythmias . " Dr. Douglas Zipes , a cardiologist based outside Indianapolis , Indiana , plans to testify against Taser in any lawsuit regarding what happened to Butler . In plain English , he says , that recommendation is a clear warning . "  I think Taser has been disingenuous and certainly up to 2006 -- the case we are talking about -- Taser said in their educational materials that there was no cardiac risk whatsoever , " Zipes said . "  That Taser could not produce a heart problem , that there was no long lasting effect from Taser . " Medical experts say that if a person is hit by a Taser dart near the chest , one result is a dramatic increase in the subject 's heartbeat -- from a resting 72 beats a minute to as many as 220 beats a minute for a short period of time . In its court filings , the company says the "  peak-loaded " voltage from a Taser at impact ranges up to 40,000 volts but it 's a 600-volt average for the duration of the firing . In an e-mail , a spokesman for Taser said the company would not comment on any ongoing litigation . But in a court filing seeking to dismiss the Butler lawsuit , it said Taser devices "  are repeatedly proven safe through testing , in human volunteers , in controlled , medically approved studies . " There 's no evidence , the company says , that being hit with a Taser causes cardiac arrest in humans . But the company has significantly changed its recommendations for how Tasers should be used . Officers , it said , should no longer aim for the chest when using the device , instead targeting the arms , legs , buttocks . Why the change ? A company document said "  the answer has less to do with safety and more to do with effective risk management for law enforcement agencies . " In other words , say lawyers who have sued Taser , it means police are less likely to be sued if they avoid hitting subjects in the chest . In court papers , Taser says the risk of cardiac arrest is "  extremely rare and would be rounded to near zero , " but it adds : "  However , law enforcement is left defending a lawsuit and disproving a negative , which is difficult to do . " "  Out of one side of their mouth , they publish this warning , saying , ` Do n't hit people in the chest if you can avoid it , ' " said Dana Scruggs , an attorney representing Steven Butler . "  And on the other side , in the lawsuit and in their public statements , they deny that their device can affect the human heart . " Nearly every big-city police department in the United States uses a Taser device . According to the company , more than 14,000 law enforcement agencies worldwide employ Tasers and more than 1.8 million people have had the weapon used on them since it was introduced into general law enforcement use in the 1990s . The human rights organization Amnesty International estimates more than 400 people have died as a result of Taser strikes . Officially , it 's not a gun . As an electronic control device , Tasers are not classified as a firearm . The devices are regulated by the Consumer Product Safety Commission . "  There 's one thing that 's undeniable -- that if I use my firearm , the chances are that you will suffer extreme injuries or death , " said George Gascon , the newly installed police chief in San Francisco , California . "  The chances are much greater of reducing injuries with a Taser . " San Francisco is one of three big-city police departments in the United States that do n't use Tasers  The others are Detroit , Michigan , and Memphis , Tennessee  . Gascon wants to change that . He supports use of the device but says to call it "  nonlethal " is inaccurate . "  We have referred to the Tasers for many years as a less-lethal weapon , " he said . "  In the San Francisco experience , which we have to concentrate on , I have not said once that this is a nonlethal device because I believe it can be a contributing factor in causing death . " Taser International is growing . Its latest earnings report says the firm made more than $ 100 million in profits last year by selling Tasers to both law enforcement and to individual consumers . And the company says even more police and sheriff 's departments are lining up to purchase the weapon every day . The company argues in Steven Butler 's case that simply being in a stressful situation with police can bring on heart problems , and there 's no link between being being hit with a Taser and the cardiac arrest . For Steven Butler , greeting the mailman now is a highlight of his day . He does n't dispute that he was drunk and disorderly when the officer tried to get him off the bus , but he and his family blame Taser for what happened to him . He says he 's not frustrated or angry , just resigned to spending the rest of his life trying to remember what happened . After CNN first reported this story , Taser International , which had previously declined all comment , sent us what it called a "  fact sheet " about the Steven Butler case . The company said the 2006 Taser study CNN quoted produced no cardiac arrests in animals . While the company says cardiac arrests in people are rare , Taser insists it does not claim a "  zero " possibility of cardiac arrest . Taser also claimed Steven Butler had a pre-existing heart condition and that his blood alcohol level made him vulnerable to cardiac arrest . Butler 's medical and legal teams told CNN he had no documented heart problems. , and alcohol levels played no role in his cardiac arrest .	Man claims Taser brought on cardiac arrest that starved his brain of oxygen Lawyers say Taser-funded research shows heart risk from Taser strikes Taser International insists no link between Taser and cardiac arrest More on the dangers tasers may pose on tonight 's "  Campbell Brown " , CNN 8pm ET
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- In a letter to a Pakistani schoolgirl shot in the head on her way home from school , a senior Taliban commander purportedly tells her that she was targeted not because she advocated education for all girls , but rather for her criticism of the militant group . The letter attributed to Adnan Rashid was released just days after 16-year-old Malala Yousafzai took the stage at the United Nations , where she delivered an emotional plea for the right to go to school on behalf of all children . Malala was 15 when gunmen jumped on her school bus and shouted her name , scaring other girls into identifying her , in the Swat Valley on October 9 , 2012 . The attack sparked massive protests in Pakistan and condemnation worldwide . "  The Taliban believe you were intentionally writing against them and running a smear campaign to malign their effort to establish an Islamic system in  the  Swat Valley , and your writings were provocative , " according to the letter , which was dated Monday and released to CNN by a Pakistan intelligence source . "  You have said in your speech ... that the pen is mightier than the sword . So they attacked you for your sword not your books or school . " Malala at U.N. : The Taliban failed to silence us CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the letter , but its validity has been generally accepted by Pakistan intelligence officials . Rashid made headlines last year after the Taliban broke him out of a Bannu prison , where he was serving a life sentence following his 2003 conviction for his role in the attempted murder of former President Pervez Musharraf . Nearly 400 prisoners were freed in the jailbreak , which authorities believe was staged to get Rashid out , a former Pakistani Air Force officer . Read more : The world 's other Malalas In the letter , Rashid said he was writing -- not as a Taliban leader -- to say he was shocked by the shooting , and to express his regret that he did not warn Malala ahead of time of the attack . The letter went on to say that the Taliban supports the education of women , as long as it adheres to Islamic law . He urged her , according to the letter , to return to Pakistan and "  use your pen for Islam and the plight of the Muslim community . " Gordon Brown , the U.N. special envoy on global education , blasted Rashid 's letter . "  Nobody will believe a word the Taliban say about the right of girls like Malala to go to school until they stop burning down schools and stop massacring pupils , " he said in a statement released Wednesday . Gordon Brown : Malala 's U.N. speech is just the beginning This summer in Pakistan , a teacher was gunned down in front of her son as she drove into her all-girl school . A school principal was killed and his students severely injured when a bomb was tossed onto a school playground at an all-girl school in Karachi in March . In January , five teachers were killed near the town of Swabi in the volatile northern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , the United Nations says . And , in June , a suicide bomber blew up a bus carrying 40 schoolgirls as it made its way to an all-girl campus in Quetta . Fourteen female students were killed .	A letter purportedly from Adnan Rashid was made public this week The letter blames Malala Yousafzai 's actions for the attack on her In the letter , Rashid says he was shocked by the attack He urges her to return to Pakistan
CNN  -- Radovan Karadzic , the Bosnian Serb leader on trial for genocide during the Balkan wars , claimed he 's "  tolerant " and blamed ethnic rivals for plotting violence . "  It was no secret to anyone " that Muslims and Croats planned a massacre of his Serbian people after Yugoslavia disintegrated , said Karadzic , who opened his defense Tuesday at the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia at The Hague in the Netherlands . "  We could see it . It was obvious , " said Karadzic , who faces multiple counts for a range of war crimes . The breakup of the multiethnic communist Yugoslavia in the early 1990s led to the bloodiest conflict on the European continent since World War II . Karadzic 's Bosnian Serb forces have been accused of ruthlessly working to oust Muslims and Croatians from regions claimed to be Serbian , actions that have come to be known as "  ethnic cleansing . " But Karadzic , 67 , tried to make a case for himself as a humanitarian leader without designs to commit mass crimes . How the world took a step closer to ending impunity "  I never allowed for the possibility of even the smallest individual crimes , and especially not crimes on a mass scale , nor the possibility that any of the communities would be permanently removed from the Serb territories , " he said . "  I should have been rewarded for all the good things that I 've done , " he said . "  I did everything within human power to avoid the war and to reduce the human suffering of all civilians . " Karadzic has been charged in connection with three high-profile actions in the war . One is the notorious massacre of about 8,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica in Bosnia and Herzegovina . That event has come to symbolize the brutality of the Balkan wars . Another is the "  permanent removal of Bosnian Muslims and Bosnian Croats from the territories of Bosnia and Herzegovina claimed as Bosnian Serb territory . " He is charged for a role in overseeing the actions known as the "  siege of Sarajevo , " sniping and shelling by Bosnian Serb forces in the Bosnian capital that killed and wounded thousands of civilians . But Karadzic defended his actions and said he has "  nothing against Muslims and Croats . " A trained psychiatrist , he called himself a "  mild man " and a "  tolerant man , with a great capacity for understanding others . " That brought a shout of "  liar " from The Hague gallery . Karadzic was indicted in 1995 . After hiding in plain sight for more than a decade , he was captured in Belgrade , Serbia , in 2008 . He had adopted an elaborate disguise that included long hair and a full beard , and was practicing alternative medicine in the Serbian capital . The trial began in 2009 , but Karadzic failed to attend the proceedings several times because he said he did n't have enough time to prepare . Genocide count dropped in Karadzic trial The court allowed him to represent himself , with the provision that a standby lawyer will take over if he refuses to attend court . Karadzic made opening statements in March 2010 . The prosecution began presenting evidence in April 2010 and rested its case in May . The ICTY said the trial is expected to finish in 2014 . Karadzic , Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic and Yugoslavian President Slobodan Milosevic have been the highest-profile suspects on trial at the ICTY . Mladic was captured last year and is also on trial for charges such as genocide . Both Karadzic and Mladic would face life in prison if convicted . The court can not impose the death penalty . Milosevic died while on trial at The Hague . During the 1990s and the early 2000s , conflict raged in Bosnia , Croatia , Macedonia and Kosovo , a Serbian territory dominated by ethnic Albanians . An estimated 140,000 people died in the wars , ICTY head of communications , Nerma Jelacic , told CNN . Around 100,000 deaths occurred in Bosnia , she said . Yugoslavia 's six republics -- Serbia , Croatia , Slovenia , Bosnia , Montenegro and Macedonia -- are now independent countries . Kosovo broke away from Serbia and declared its independence several years ago . The tribunal has indicted 161 people for international law violations in the former Yugoslavia . The tribunal said "  the most significant number " of its cases dealt with alleged crimes by Serbians or Bosnian Serbs . But there have been convictions for crimes against Serbs by others , including Croats , Bosnian Muslims and Kosovo Albanians . The trial of the last Yugoslavian war crimes suspect at large also started Tuesday , with proceedings beginning against Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic . Appeals in some of the cases are expected to last until 2016 . CNN 's Dominique Van Heerden contributed to this report .	Radovan Karadzic is accused in the Srebrenica massacre , in which about 8,000 Muslims died His charges stem from the violence during the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s Karadzic disguised himself and hid in plain sight for more 13 years before his capture He could face life in prison if convicted
Phil Mickelson , aka Lefty , is thinking of leaving California and perhaps America because , according to his own reckoning , he is facing tax rates of 62 % or 63 % . Mickelson , probably the second-most-famous professional golfer in the world after Tiger Woods , later backed off from his initial comments about making "  drastic changes . " Reports suggest that Mickelson earned more than $ 60 million in 2012 . In that sense , he appears to be doing better than the Romneys , and perhaps you are not all that sympathetic to him . The Romneys  remember them ?  paid so little tax . In 2011 , Mitt and Ann Romney paid federal taxes of $ 2 million on reported income of $ 14 million , for an effective tax rate of 14 % , all roughly . The Romneys even had to foreswear taking all of their available charitable deductions to make their tax rate seem so high for appearance 's sake . It does bear noting that Mickelson is doing something to earn his $ 60 million . Whoever is paying him that much believes that he is worth it . Who are we , really , to argue ? Mickelson 's instinctive reactions to high tax rates , even if his math may be a bit muddled , are sound and sensible ones . Tiger Woods certainly agrees with him . But that is not the problem in the story . Lefty faces such seemingly inescapably high tax rates that he might just pack up his golf bags and leave home . Mitt pays so little tax that he has to ignore the law to pay a higher rate for appearance 's sake . How can this be ? The Mitt-Lefty paradox has a simple explanation : In America , we tax work . And highly . We do not tax capital or wealth much at all . Indeed , if you have wealth already , taxes are essentially optional under what I call tax Planning 101 , the simple advice to buy/borrow/die . In step one , you buy assets that rise in value without producing cash , such as growth stocks or real estate . In step two , you borrow to finance your lifestyle . In step three , you die , and your heirs get your assets , tax free , and with a "  stepped up " basis that eliminates all capital gains . That 's it . Romney , with a personal fortune estimated at $ 250 million  his five kids have another $ 100 million  has figured this out . When he pays taxes , at all , he does so at the low capital gains rate . Not so with Lefty . He is a wage-earner , albeit a very highly paid one , and he 's going to pay over one-half of his income in taxes if he stays in California . We may not be shedding any tears for Lefty any more than we feel for Gerard Depardieu , who recently left France for Russia to escape taxes , or for the Rolling Stones , who many moons ago left England and recorded Exile on Main Street from France . Yet one fact not making news is that it is still the case that the highest marginal tax rates in America do not fall on the highest incomes , like Lefty , but on certain of the working poor , many of them single parents , who are being taxed at rates approaching 90 % as they lose benefits attempting to better themselves . It 's a "  poverty trap " that works just like the severe marriage penalties for the lower-income classes . But the working poor do not have the options of going to Canada , Russia or France . Lefty has a point -- high tax rates create disincentives . If the rates are high enough , people react by moving . This should not surprise us : American companies have been fleeing our shores for years , in droves . Ask Mitt . But this should worry us , for two reasons . One , the fact that the high incomers do flee jurisdictions , or flee from the productive activity of working , is a bad thing for the U.S. Two , the very risk that the rich and famous might leave , aided by the appearance that some do , holds tax reform hostage . We have struggled to raise rates at all on the rich , blocked by the mostly mythical Joe the Plumber as much as by the realities of Mickelson or the Rolling Stones . When we do finally raise rates , as we did at the fiscal cliff , we do so on the wrong rich , in the wrong way . Lefty 's taxes went up , Mitt 's need not . The problem -- and it is the same problem as with Mitt 's taxes -- is that we are taxing the wrong thing , in the wrong way . In sum , we tax work , not wealth . This is backward . We should be taxing the act of spending , not the socially beneficial ones of work and savings . Then we could raise tax rates without fear of ill effects . Mitt 's taxes would go up , for he is surely spending more than $ 14 million a year , as by running for president , and we would n't need any special capital gains preference under a consistent spending tax . Lefty 's taxes would go down to the extent he saves some of his $ 60 million , helping us all by working and saving . When and if Mickelson or his kids spend , we could tax him or them then . And if Lefty is really insisting on both earning and spending $ 60 million a year ? Well , I figure he can buy a lot of borscht in Russia with that .	Golf star Phil Mickelson is thinking of leaving California to avoid paying high taxes Edward McCaffery : Lefty has a point -- high tax rates create disincentives He says the problem is that we tax work , not wealth ; this is is backward McCaffery : We should be taxing the act of spending , not that of work and savings
Baghdad  CNN  -- Two car bombs targeted Shiite pilgrims Saturday in Baghdad , killing at least 32 people and injuring 68 others , police said . The bombs detonated as a religious commemoration for Imam Moussa al-Kadhim , one of the 12 revered Shiite imams , was winding down in the northwestern Baghdad neighborhood of Kadhimiya . One bomb exploded near a bus station in the Shulaa neighborhood , where dozens of pilgrims were waiting for buses home after attending the commemoration . At least 14 people were killed and another 32 were wounded . A second bomb went off in Sanaa Square killing 18 more people and wounding 36 The car bombs followed a wave of attacks Wednesday that targeted pilgrims headed to Baghdad and killed at least 93 people . Another 100 were injured in what amounted to the the deadliest day of the year in Iraq . Rising death tolls from bombings make for deadly days in Iraq The Islamic State of Iraq , an al-Qaeda-linked group , claimed responsibility for Wednesday 's attacks . Its statement called the Shiites "  satanic " and vowed to avenge losses suffered by Sunnis in Iraq . Shiites form a majority in Iraq but for years they were dominated by minority Sunnis empowered by Iraqi ruler Saddam Hussein . The U.S. invasion of 2003 ousted Hussein and elevated Shiites to positions of power but the war also fanned longtime tensions between the two groups . Many feared hostilities would explode into protracted civil war , though the violence had ebbed by the time the last U.S. soldiers exited Iraq in December 2011 . However , militant Sunnis have not stopped attacking Shiite pilgrims and the scale of this week 's attacks sparked fears of renewed violence on levels of the past . Iraqi security forces tightened their security measures Saturday in and around Baghdad to protect pilgrims flocking to Imam Moussa al-Kadhim 's shrine . Many began their treks days ago , traveling on foot from the Shiite heartland in southern Iraq and other far-flung places . Follow the updates on CNN 's Security Clearance blog	Two car bombs exploded as a commemoration for a Shiite imam was winding down One bomb targeted pilgrims waiting at a bus station to go home An al Qaeda-linked group claims responsibility for attacks a few days ago The latest incidents have sparked fears of renewed sectarian violence
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Three people were arrested Saturday after chaos broke out at an "  America 's Next Top Model " audition at a New York hotel , police said . A large crowd at the Park Central New York hotel got unruly Saturday during a "  Top Model " audition . Six people were injured , and two of them sought treatment at a hospital , authorities said . Police said they did n't know what provoked the bedlam . Three people were charged with disorderly conduct and inciting a riot in connection with the incident at the Park Central New York hotel in Manhattan . The audition was shut down after the incident , authorities said . Calls to Park Central management were not immediately returned on Saturday . The "  Top Model " competition , hosted and produced by supermodel Tyra Banks and aired by the CW network , is in its 12th cycle .	Police : 3 people were arrested Saturday after chaos broke out at a TV show audition "  America 's Next Top Model " audition was being held at a New York hotel , police said Two people sought treatment at a hospital , authorities said "  Top Model " competition is hosted by Tyra Banks and airs on CW network
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A Kuwaiti court sentenced three former members of parliament to three years in prison -- with hard labor -- on charges of insulting the nation 's ruler , a human rights group said Tuesday . Falah Al-Sawagh , Bader Al-Dahoum and Khalid Al-Tahou are currently out on bail . They will appeal the decision , the Kuwait Society for Human Rights said . More than 300 people are currently detained in Kuwait on charges of insulting the emir , which is a crime under the national security law , said Mohammed Al-Humaidi , director of the human rights group . Some have faced prison time for what they said on Twitter . "  We call on the judiciary and the government to create a special law for electronic crimes like in other countries , " Al-Humaidi said . "  Someone sending a text on a mobile or tweeting or commenting on social media should not be tried or convicted in a court of national security . " On Sunday , a Kuwaiti court sentenced another man , Mohammed Al-Ajmi , to five years of imprisonment for insulting the emir -- the maximum sentence permissible by law . Al-Humaidi said that sentence will also be appealed . The human rights group director said he did not know the exact nature of Al-Ajmi 's tweet or why his sentence was longer than others . Kuwait 's Ministry of Information said anyone accused of a crime gets "  a fair trial with a comprehensive legal defense and open appeals process . " "  Kuwait has a long-standing proud tradition of open debate and free speech with free , transparent and inclusive elections and the most robust parliament in the region , " the ministry said in a statement Tuesday . "  We are a country led by the rule of law and our constitution holds our Emir to be inviolable . If our citizens wish to amend the constitution there is a straightforward legal way to do this , but we will not selectively enforce our laws . " Al-Ajmi is the third Kuwaiti to be sentenced this year for insulting Emir Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmed Al-Jaber Al-Sabah on Twitter . In January , Rashed Al-Enezi and Ayad Al-Hirbi were each sentenced to two years . Al-Humaidi said Al-Enezi 's tweet implied an opposition member of parliament would do a better job ruling the country than the royal family . Al-Hirbi 's tweet quoted a line by a dissident poet interpreted as insulting the emir . "  We call on the Kuwaiti government to abide by international agreements it has signed respecting human rights , " Al-Humaidi said . "  As a nation , Kuwait must work toward broadening freedoms , not limiting them . "	NEW : Kuwait 's Ministry of Information : Constitution holds emir inviolable The three ex-parliamentarians are out on bail and plan to appeal , an activist says Human rights group : More than 300 people are detained on charges of insulting the emir A man was sentenced this week to five years in prison for such charges
CNN  -- In November , dozens of armed men descended on a town in northern Nigeria and killed more than 100 people in a coordinated series of bombings and gun attacks . Many of those targeted were Christians , but police stations and mosques deemed "  insufficiently Islamic " were also attacked . The town was Damataru , capital of the Nigerian state of Yobe , and the assailants belonged to the group Boko Haram , which translates from the local Hausa as "  Western education is outlawed . " In two years , Boko Haram has morphed from a radical Muslim sect into an insurgency responsible for dozens of attacks in Nigeria and beyond . Western intelligence analysts believe it is also developing links with al Qaeda affiliates in Africa . Boko Haram 's targets include police outposts and churches , as well as places associated with ` western influence . ' Its signature attack is a Karachi-style drive-by shooting from a motorbike , but this year it has begun a campaign of suicide vehicle attacks . In Maiduguri , the epicenter of the insurgency , there is a heavy military presence , with security checkpoints , sandbagged military positions and the scars left by bomb attacks . CNN.com : Nigerian officials condemn church attack House-to-house searches are common . A senior military officer admitted last week that Maiduguri was a dangerous place , with "  miscreants " slipping across the nearby borders with Chad and Niger . The Nigerian authorities seem unable to overcome Boko Haram -- and its growing footprint worries neighboring states and the U.S. Africa Command . Many Christians in northeastern Nigeria have fled their homes as the violence has worsened this year . A government offer of amnesty has had little effect ; the deployment of 20,000 Nigerian troops to deal with ethnic and religious violence has failed to subdue the group . President Goodluck Jonathan has warned of "  swift and certain justice for criminal elements " -- but analysts say that the inefficiency of the Nigerian state , rampant corruption and a heavy-handed military response may play into Boko Haram 's hands . Until 2009 , Boko Haram was a fundamentalist sect that espoused a Taliban-like interpretation of Islam . It did not advocate violence but it was hostile to Nigeria 's Muslim leadership for its compromises with the ` infidel . ' One day in July that year , police stopped some of its members on motorbikes -- and told them to wear helmets . Tempers flared . When the bikers resisted , police opened fire -- killing nine members of the group , according to witness reports collected by Shehu Sani , the President of the Civil Rights Congress . The Congress is an independent human rights group based in northern Nigeria , and Sani has had extensive contacts with figures in Boko Haram . In the days after that confrontation , hundreds of Boko Haram members were killed in clashes with security services . Among them , the group 's charismatic leader Mohammed Yusuf , who died while in the custody of police , according to Sani . A secondary school dropout , Yusuf preached a strict application of Sharia law in northern Nigeria , arguing that the rich and connected had evaded Sharia despite its formal adoption by several Muslim-majority states in Nigeria . His message resonated with thousands of marginalized Muslims . Boko Haram can also draw on the deepening inequalities and religious divide between north and south Nigeria to help recruitment . After the crackdown , security services accused the group of planning an armed jihad in Nigeria by stockpiling weapons , including guns , explosives , and grenades , and purchasing land for paramilitary training . A significant number of members fled to neighboring Niger and Chad . But far from this being a victory for the security services , it brought Boko Haram members into contact with al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  . According to U.S. officials , the groups have since forged a partnership -- with AQIM sharing its evolving expertise in suicide bombing . "  We know that there are increasingly frequent contacts , and indeed , training of members of Boko Haram by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , and that 's of great concern , " Ambassador Anthony Holmes , U.S. Africa Command 's civilian deputy said earlier this month . Algerian officials , long concerned at the growth of AQIM , have voiced the same concerns . And last week a senior Nigerian military officer told Reuters : "  Boko Haram is al Qaeda . " In a global poll conducted by the Pew Research Center in 2009 , a higher percentage of Nigerian Muslims  54 %  stated they had confidence in Osama bin Laden than in any other Muslim-majority country . Boko Haram 's muscle was enhanced a year ago when the group freed at least a hundred of its members from a prison in Bauchi in northeastern Nigeria . This year , Boko Haram has begun looking to new horizons , including the capital , Abuja . In June , the group carried out its first suicide bombing -- attacking the National Police headquarters . Two months later -- in a dramatic escalation of its campaign -- it launched a suicide car bombing against the U.N. headquarters in Abuja , killing 23 . Boko Haram released a video featuring a martyrdom recording by the suicide bomber in the attack -- a-27-year-old from Maiduguri -- who praised Osama bin Laden and referred to the U.N. headquarters as a "  forum of all the global evil . " The U.N. attack , Sani says , was likely an attempt by Boko Haram to embarrass the Nigerian government . He believes the group 's Shura Council decided that attacking the U.N. would create less of a backlash against the group than directly targeting American interests . "  When they attacked the U.N. headquarters , they had to pass the American Embassy to Nigeria just a few meters away , but they knew the implications of targeting American interests : that things would get worse for them , " Sani said . U.S. officials believe some of those involved in that plot may have also trained with the al Qaeda linked militant group Al Shabaab in Somalia . In September , U.S. military officials warned that Boko Haram , AQIM , and al Shabaab might make common cause in targeting American interests in the region . Earlier this month , the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria warned that Boko Haram may be plotting to target three luxury hotels in Abuja . Al Qaeda in West & Central Africa ? According to Shehu Sani , the group 's agenda is still primarily local . "  The origin of their fight is with the government of Nigeria and the security agencies , " Sani said . "  They want an end to the government 's campaign against them and for them to pull troops out of northeastern Nigeria . " Analysts believe some Boko Haram members might be tempted by payouts made by the government to militants in the Niger Delta in recent years in exchange for their laying down arms . But one attempt at mediation has already ended in disaster . In September , a leading figure in Maiduguri connected to the group who sat down for talks with a former president of Nigeria was assassinated within 48 hours . Sani helped set up the meeting ; he says he has since received death threats himself . Security analysts are concerned the group may try to target Nigeria 's oil industry in the Niger Delta , destabilizing supplies from the world 's eighth largest oil exporter . Over the past decade , pipelines and rigs in the area have been repeatedly targeted by the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  . The area is predominantly Christian and western intelligence sources say it would be difficult for Boko Haram to establish a presence there . Human rights activists say for now , the authorities ' crackdown in northern Nigeria may have the effect of radicalizing more Muslims . According to Sani and others tracking the group , Boko Haram has drawn its membership mainly from disaffected youngsters and unemployed graduates . But it has also gathered support among the professions . Human Rights Watch says it has documented serious abuses by Nigerian police , including extrajudicial executions against suspected members of Boko Haram . "  The security forces are punishing people who they believe provide shelter to Boko Haram , but if you reveal the identity of Boko Haram fighters , then they 'll kill you . You can see the dilemma , " Sani said . "  If Nigerian government ca n't solve the problem , and the violence continues , then this virus will spread across the countries of west Africa and central Africa , emboldening the group and boosting its membership , making it a well-established part of al Qaeda , " he said . Today the Nigerian media , like its politicians , are full of advice to the government on how to tackle Boko Haram -- from an even tougher military response to renewed attempts at dialogue , another amnesty and a more comprehensive effort to address the root causes of the violence . Neither carrot nor stick has worked so far .	Many of those targeted are Christians Police stations and mosques deemed ` insufficiently Islamic ' are also attacked Assailants belong to the group Boko Haram , which translates to "  Western education is outlawed "
CNN  -- Venezuelan authorities have arrested a key ideological leader of the FARC leftist guerrilla group who is known as "  The Singer " for his role as a musician promoting the rebel movement , officials said Wednesday . A Venezuelan government operation Tuesday captured Guillermo Enrique Torres , Colombia 's president said . "  Today he is in custody and  Venezuelan  President  Hugo  Chavez has told us that he will be handed over to us , " Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said . CNN affiliate Caracol TV reported that Torres , 57 , became famous "  because he always carried on his shoulder , next to his rifle , a guitar . " Several online video posts purport to show Torres , who is also known by the alias Julian Conrado , wearing military fatigues and cradling a guitar . In one , he sings about why he decided to become a guerrilla , and vows to continue fighting for the FARC "  until death , for justice and peace , which is what I want . " Santos described Torres as a "  narco-terrorist " when announcing the arrest Wednesday . The U.S. State Department had offered a $ 2.5 million reward for information leading to his capture , describing Torres as a leader who had helped set and implement cocaine policies for the guerrilla group . Rebels from the left-wing Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly known as the FARC , have fought to overthrow the Colombian government for decades . Authorities allege that Torres was a part of the inner circle of FARC leader Luis Edgar Devia Silva -- known as Raul Reyes -- who was killed in a 2008 raid in Ecuador . Shortly after the raid , Colombian authorities announced that Torres had also been killed in the operation . They later retracted that statement , saying DNA tests showed that another man had been killed . Venezuela 's justice ministry confirmed Torres ' detention in a statement Wednesday . His arrest comes amid improving relations between the neighboring South American countries . Tensions had flared between the two nations after Colombia accused Venezuela of harboring members of the FARC . But shortly after his inauguration last year , Santos met with Chavez and pledged to wipe the slate clean . In April Venezuelan authorities arrested Joaquin Perez Becerra , whom Colombian authorities accuse of conspiring in and helping finance terrorism through his alleged work as a spokesman for the FARC in Europe . And in May Colombian authorities extradited to Venezuela Walid Makled Garcia , accused of being one of the world 's top drug lords . In a Twitter post Wednesday , Santos praised Chavez for helping capture Torres . A statement on the Colombian president 's website noted that "  the collaboration of the Venezuelan government is going to help the  Colombian  Armed Forces be much more effective than they have been . "	Colombia 's president says Guillermo Enrique Torres was captured Tuesday Authorities call him an ideological leader of the FARC , noting his songs promoting the group The U.S. State Department had offered a $ 2.5 million reward for help capturing Torres The arrest comes amid improving relations between Venezuela and Colombia
CNN  -- In the Old Testament , camels made for a very useful literary device . Primarily , they represent great wealth ; When Abraham journeys to Egypt , the Pharaoh offers him a huge bounty , including sheep , servants and -- the crÃ ¨ me de la crÃ ¨ me -- camels , in exchange for Abraham 's wife , Sarah  though in fairness , the Pharaoh thought they were siblings  . Camels are used later to demonstrate Abraham 's own riches  acquired later in life  , and ultimately , the good heart of his future daughter-in-law , Rebecca , who is chosen after she kindly offers the beasts of burden some water . Though these animals play a central role in Genesis , new evidence has called into question their existence in Israel during the lifespans of Abraham and his immediate descendents  believed to be between 2000-1500 BC  , and with it , the authorship of the bible . Professors Erez Ben-Yosef and Lidar Sapir-Hen , archaeologists from Tel Aviv University in Israel , recently published a study after radiocarbon dating camel bones uncovered during excavations in the Aravah Valley -- an area on the border of Israel and the Arabian Peninsula , and one of the most logical spots where camels would have first been introduced into the country . Excavations uncovered the oldest camel bones yet found in Israel , and these dated no earlier than 940 BC -- at least 500 years later than when they are described in the bible . Read more : Inside the tomb of an ancient Egyptian brewer "  This is a very good example that the stories were written at a much later time than they supposedly took place . The editor of these stories knew the camel was a draft animal used in his time for traveling across the desert , so of course Abraham , Jacob and David used camels . We call it an anachronism ; he projected the reality that he knew at his own time , " says Ben-Yosef . He is also quick to point out that though the stories may have been written later , his findings do not necessarily cast doubt on the tales themselves . "  It does n't necessarily mean the stories are fiction or that there is no grain of truth in them . It does n't mean Abraham was n't a real figure ; he can still be a real figure . It just means that the guy who put them into written form gave the background according to his realities . There were no archaeologists back then to tell the author that camels were not around . " Read more : The fight to save Bahrain 's 4,000-year-old burial mounds The findings are not exactly new -- archaeologists have been doubting the feasibility of Abraham riding a camel into Egypt since the 1950s -- but according to Ben-Yosef , the use of radiocarbon dating of the bones does narrow down the window of possibility considerably . Naturally , not all are in agreement with the study 's conclusions . Alan Millard , a professor of Hebrew and ancient Semitic languages at the University of Liverpool says that while he does n't doubt the radiocarbon dating , he does n't believe it disproves that camels existed in the Patriarchal Age . "  The archaeologists were working in a valley south of the Red Sea , but the stories place Abraham in South Iraq in Ur and in Southern Turkey in the area of Harran before coming to Canaan . The fact that there were no camel bones from before 1000 BC in the south of the land does n't mean there were no camels anywhere else , " he says . Read more : Mysterious structure found at bottom of ancient lake "  It 's always dangerous to make a widespread statement on the basis of a small piece of evidence , " he adds . Millard says that though rare , there is evidence that camels were used domestically during that period , including a Babylonian seal from between 1800 and 1700 BC carved in the style of Syria that depicts two deities sitting on a camel . Despite the biblical debate the study has kicked off , Ben-Yosef and Sapir-Hen say the primary focus of the research was not to question Genesis , but shed some light on the economic workings of the time . "  The introduction of domestic camels enabled long journeys in the Levant , and all the way to India . It represented profound socio-economic change , " says Sapir Hen . "  Before then , they used donkeys , and they ca n't travel those long distances without water . It really opened up trade to the rest of the world . "	A new study dating the remains of camel bones has spurred a debate on the bible 's authorship Several stories in the bible depict camels being used for long journeys Archeologists from Tel Aviv University say camels were n't domesticated until centuries after the biblical references
CNN  -- One hundred and sixty-five years ago , in Coloma , California , a carpenter named James W. Marshall built a sawmill to harness the power of the American River . Below the waterwheel , he saw flakes of metal where the spent water flowed . Marshall marked the moment saying , "  I have found it . " He had discovered gold in California and more : For the next century , our nation would mine its future in the Golden State . By the 1950s , California had manufactured an optimistic nation 's dreams , brought them to life in the steel and smoke of industry and then captured them on celluloid . Business bloomed in deserts , nourishing one of the world 's great economies . A green Eden of farmland , the Central Valley where the sun shone 300 days a year , grew one third of America 's produce . Innovation followed discovery : Silicon , it turned out , was even more valuable than gold . California 's public sector also boomed . The state built a web of roads , bridges and aqueducts that shamed their Roman inventors . It funded world-class universities to prepare beach boys and California girls for lives of endless promise . To see where the rest of the country would be in 20 years , we could look at California . But the roads to success and failure are often almost the same . As the state gorged on its success , California 's transportation arteries grew clogged . The public sector 's blood began to thicken . Californians moved faster , their problems grew more complex and their demands on government accelerated . The state 's aging public sector could not respond with matching dynamism and flexibility . Even as the state poured more money into education , transportation and public safety , it delivered less value in them . Government grew larger and more expensive , with less and less to show for it . Finally , when the housing bubble collapsed , state revenue did too . California 's river of gold dried up . The waterwheel would not turn . Today , California owes hundreds of billions : $ 300 billion alone in pension obligations . Even after Gov. Jerry Brown 's effort to pay down $ 28 billion of immediate debt , California 's liabilities for retiree pensions and health care exceed what it spends for all state programs combined . California 's future looks anything but golden . Taxpayers who do n't want to be left footing the bills are in exodus . The state 's politics is as paralyzing as Washington 's . To see our nation 's bright future in 20 years , can we still look at California ? Maybe so . Sometimes , the first green shoots emerge in the forest where everything burned . -- Gavin Newsom is difficult to classify . Tall , slim and rakishly elegant , he could be the American reincarnation of British actor David Niven . A contradictory combination of left and right , he is a liberal hero for legalizing gay marriage in his city and a liberal villain for reforming its overly generous welfare cash payment program . The 45-year-old Newsom , a Democrat who is now California 's lieutenant governor , is more than a government theorist , however . He owns 17 small businesses with about 1,000 employees . His confederation includes three wineries that make luscious , fruit-forward elixirs . In business , he is a swashbuckling entrepreneur whose motto is "  anyone who is not failing is n't trying hard enough . " What is most revolutionary about Newsom is that in government , he 's an entrepreneur as well . When Newsom became mayor of San Francisco , he found a city with little money to meet social needs and behind Estonia and South Korea in digital governance . His push to modernize San Francisco without expanding its dysfunctional public sector is the launching point of his new book , "  Citizenville . " It is a fertile garden of original thinking . The lieutenant governor argues that government 's biggest problem is not that it is misguided but that it is archaic . Newsom cites open-source software pioneer Tim O'Reilly 's analogy for government . "  We think of government as a vending machine : You put money in , services come out . " When something goes wrong , Newsom points out , we shake the vending machine out of frustration . If we feed it more money , it is to little effect : Vending machines are not particularly innovative or adaptive . Our government is still built on that model , Newsom reports , the outdated , industrial-age paradigm of the factory , though everything else in our personal lives and our private sector has moved past it . Simultaneously , an explosion of technology , social media and e-commerce has created a more informed and empowered citizenry . A "  citizenville , " Newsom writes , now has the power and connectivity to solve problems in new ways , e.g. , determining where tax dollars are spent , how crime is fought and where garbage trucks go . Speaking through their laptops and iPhones , people are increasingly able to organize themselves and solve social problems , independent of the old , creaky , public-sector industrial plant . "  Technology changes the very nature of government -- from a top-down entity to a bottom-up one . From one-way hierarchy to two-way democracy . From vending machine to the cloud , " he explains . If we open the doors of government to the private sector and make data accessible , we can jump-start a new era of social innovation . Open up the doors of government satellite data and you get Google Earth . Give Web designers in Chicago and Oakland access to public police data , and they create innovative crime-mapping tools that prevent muggings . Invent a digital "  currency " to reward citizens for participating in their own governance , and small town decision-making becomes as interesting and involving as Farmville . "  The future is sharing -- open data , open participation , open source , open everything , " Newsom writes . "  And it must happen at every level . " Our old , marbled shrines to bureaucracy have grown unserviceable and unaffordable . Can we continue to justify them when mayors are using Twitter to address constituent needs instead ? The lesson : The public sector no longer has a monopoly on government . We are in a new world of revolutionary and empowering technologies . Americans are n't waiting for Washington or Sacramento to reinvent government for the next century ; they are creating an app for that . With it , they are creating a new path for democratic vitality . Now , people-to-people government is an alternative to one that flowed only to people from the state . With new tools and technologies , Newsom contends , it is time to redefine "  government " to seize the opportunities of a new day . Would we still rather be governed the old way , top down , politically and artificially by plant managers ? Or bottom-up , authentically , naturally and organically , through our own decision making and handiwork ? Perhaps this has been the promise of the American experiment in self-government all along , and we have only been waiting for the powerful and democratizing technology of the communications age to seize it . Once more , when we need it most , maybe California has discovered gold again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos .	Calif. . Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom advocates a rethinking of government for 21st century Alex Castellanos says Newsom 's idea could make government more effective , closer to the people He says Newsom is right to say the future is open source , open data , open participation Castellanos : The model for government changes from a vending machine to the cloud
CNN  -- Tim Burton 's most enjoyable movie in a long time , "  Frankenweenie " suggests this improbable blockbuster director is at his best when he 's playing to an audience of one : himself . It 's never hard to spot Burton 's signature : the baroque ghoulish visuals , macabre humor and topsy-turvy morality are always front and center . Johnny Depp is usually in there somewhere too . But lately Burton has seemed more like a stylist or a decorator than a director . Though his recent movies retain his signature style and visual panache , they seem to lack compelling characters and stories . "  Frankenweenie " is different . There 's a direct emotional connection . This time it 's personal . It 's also perfectly scaled . John August 's witty screenplay is based on a short film Burton came up with nearly 30 years ago , the story of a boy who plays Frankenstein to try to revive his dead dog . The running time has stretched by more than 80 minutes , but that 's still the essence of the new film , a lustrous black and white 3D stop-motion animation that doubles as a love letter to old horror movies and a classic boy-and-his-dog story . Victor  voiced by Charlie Tahan  is an introverted youngster , but also an ingenious kid who likes to make monster movies starring his best friend , Sparky . Encouraged by his dad to get out and play some ball with the other kids , Victor enjoys an unexpected moment of glory when he hits a home run . But triumph turns to tragedy when Sparky chases the ball into the street and is struck and killed by a car . And that would be that , except that Victor 's new teacher , Mr. Rzykruski  Martin Landau  inspires him to think big for the science fair ; and then there are the electrical storms that are a peculiarity to this otherwise normal small town . Reveling in the expressionist , shadowy style of early sound films , Burton does n't quite match James Whale 's 1930 original "  Frankenstein " in the resurrection scene , but he does have a lot of fun crafting a contemporary echo chamber in which Victor 's classmates are shrunken clones of old Universal creature feature stalwarts . One kid is a gap-toothed , hunchbacked Ygor ; another is a sinisterly cerebral Asian ; then there 's the weird girl who thinks her kitty 's litter carries evil portent . Creepy as the kids are , the parents are worse , transforming into a lynch mob when their little darlings start taking too much interest in science .  They do have a point though : When several assignments get out of hand , the town 's parade turns is crashed by a group of rampaging monsters . But Victor is a fine hero , immediately a more sympathetic figure than his famous namesake , and the patched-up Sparky has personality -- and limbs -- to spare . In fact , bits keeping dropping off , and when he takes a drink , he leaks a little , but it 's nothing Victor ca n't fix . After "  Paranorman , " "  Hotel Transylvania " and "  Frankenweenie " it appears Hollywood has pretty much got the family horror category covered . More sensitive children may find the gothic pet cemetery upsetting and freak out at the violent climax . Burton 's film should appeal most to mom and dad , anyone with a soft spot for Boris Karloff , and twisted teens looking for ideas to reanimate their own science projects . Just add relish .	A boy who loses his dog brings him back in "  Frankenweenie " Film is based on a short done by director Tim Burton More sensitive children may find the gothic pet cemetery upsetting
CNN  -- You 're doing all the obvious things : the right education , solid experience , a good mentor . But those in the C-Suite often confide that it 's the subtle "  polish " that takes the superstar to the next level of success . Small differences can make a big impact . What affects others ' perception of your ability to lead a project , a division , an organization , or a movement ? Consider the following habits , attitudes , skills , and characteristics of a leader to see how you measure up and then determine how you can step up : Act with integrity Tell the truth . Practice the principles you preach . Be genuine and sincere . It takes just one inappropriate action or comment to uncover the counterfeit . And once credibility vanishes , regaining it becomes a monumental task . People want to see the real you -- the integrity behind your face , the actions behind your promises . In today 's economic landscape , trust trumps both price and track record . Read more : Steve Jobs : How to lead with purpose Listen like you mean it Stop whatever you 're doing and look the speaker directly in the eye . Tilt your head slightly to one side . The literal message is , "  I 'm giving you an ear . " Ask questions about what the speaker is saying to help clarify thoughts and to verify that you 've heard correctly and have drawn the intended conclusions . Answer questions specifically rather than vaguely . Take action to demonstrate that you 've heard . Benjamin Disraeli was right when he observed , "  Talk to a man about himself and he will listen for hours . " The magic in this mix ? He or she will think you are a remarkable person . Listening increases likeability , and likeability leads back to trust in you as a leader . Commit to what you communicate Follow through . If you say you 'll make an introduction to the potential new client , make the introduction . If you say you 'll provide the reference , give the reference . If you say you 'll fund the project , budget the money . Show up , own up , and straighten it up . In a marketplace of mealy mouthed moochers , doing what you say will absolutely astonish people . Be accountable for results Accountability implies risk and reward . You earn rewards for success ; you accept penalties for failure . By the very nature of the risk-reward proposition , others ' perception of your position and value increases . You 've heard it said that money is not the most important thing in life . But that 's easier to believe when you have enough of it to cover your basic needs . Likewise , people measure competence in different ways , and "  enough " competence or "  enough " intelligence becomes a matter of degree . At some point , people pull you over the "  enough " threshold and begin to judge your performance on degrees of results . Delivering the goods attracts attention and demands respect that translates into others ' perception of your leadership and executive presence . Read more : Leader know thyself Engage emotionally by being approachable The combination of both competence and likeability characterizes outstanding leaders with personal presence . You may be credible and have others pick your brain and benefit from your work -- but choose not to be around you if they do n't have to be . On the other hand , you may be a likeable , life-of-the-party sort whom everybody wants to hang out with . But people may not consider you credible in challenging times for critical information or competent performance . The tagline "  mover and shaker " comes from a metaphor -- a very visual component of a personality trait or habit . Not only do leaders move through many networks , work a lot of relationships , and shake their share of hands , they literally take the lead in approaching people . People with presence approach others confidently , act as host , make introductions , and connect others in the group . They approach and give attention to others . Leaders put themselves on the frontline to serve . As a result , others feel their presence because of the attention they give -- not receive . People do pay attention to those with power to reward or punish them . But they enjoy being around those who are humble , willing to serve , and give them the proverbial time of day . Never whine Constant complaining characterizes losers . The habit follows those who lack success and feel powerless to improve things for themselves . By their very act of whining , people are admitting that they lack the competence , character , communication skills , or commitment to improve things . Not a good message to send . Follow protocol in mixing business with pleasure Because of the heavy demands on their time , leaders blend their social and work lives , often building their personal relationships through business contacts , and vice versa . As the old saying goes , people do business with people they like . Be the liaison who brings people together over lunch , a golf game , committee work , or causes . Understand the rules of etiquette in each of these situations : introductions ; timing and appropriateness of business topics ; appropriate dress ; who arrives first ; who pays . It 's these little things done right that shout "  class . " Act with intention . Communicate with confidence . Lead with clarity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dianna Booher .	Dianna Booher explains key habits , skills , and characteristics of true leaders Commit to what you communicate , and follow through , says Booher . "  Delivering the goods attracts attention and demands respect , " she adds
NEW YORK  CNN  -- For more than a half-century Jerry and Marilyn Damman wondered what happened to their 2-year-old boy , who mysteriously vanished into thin air outside a Long Island bakery . Steven Damman and his sister disappeared from outside a bakery in 1955 . His sister was found safe . Now , 54 years later , a Michigan man claims he is the missing child whose name was Steven Damman . Within the last six months , the unidentified man contacted Nassau County , New York , police and said he had credible evidence that would link him to the case of the missing toddler , according to police Detective Lt. Kevin Smith . Nassau County police turned the case over to the FBI in Detroit . So far , authorities will not release the Michigan man 's identity and wo n't say why he believes he is Steven Damman . The FBI is conducting DNA testing , Smith said . Sandra Berchtold , spokeswoman for the FBI Detroit bureau , said only , "  The FBI investigates all leads in kidnapping cases , but can not confirm or deny the existence of an investigation in this matter . " In 1955 , Marilyn Damman took her toddler , Steven , and his baby sister , Pamela , to a bakery in East Meadow . The mother went inside to do some quick shopping , leaving her 2-year-old and baby girl in the stroller outside . But when Damman returned , her children were gone . A short time later , blocks away , the baby girl was found unharmed and the stroller was intact , but Steven was missing , Smith said . Thousands of searchers looked for the toddler , but the boy was nowhere to be found . Hitting one dead end after the next , the Dammans packed up and moved from New York back to Iowa , Jerry Damman said . And until now , they thought there was little chance of ever seeing their son again . Jerry Damman , who lives on a farm in Iowa , told CNN , "  You never give up hope , -LSB- but -RSB- things dim after all those years . " He said he is n't ready to comment on the latest developments for various reasons . Damman says authorities have contacted him , but he has not yet given DNA samples . A few years back , Steven Damman 's sister gave a DNA sample in connection with the 1957 Philadelphia case of a young boy 's body found in a box . In that case , all indications were it was not Steven Damman .	Unnamed Michigan man says he was toddler who went missing in 1955 2-year-old Steven Damman vanished from in front of a Long Island , New York , bakery Toddler 's father : "  You never give up hope , -LSB- but -RSB- things dim after all those years " The FBI is conducting DNA testing , says Nassau County police detective
CNN  -- Former New York Mets pitcher Dwight Gooden was driving under the influence of drugs with a child in the car when he was arrested Tuesday after a car crash , police said Wednesday . Gooden was arrested after the two-vehicle crash about 8:50 a.m. ET Tuesday , police in Franklin Lakes , New Jersey , said in a statement . Gooden , 45 , lives in Franklin Lakes , authorities said . Detective Lt. John Bakelaar told CNN that the child in the car was Gooden 's 5-year-old son . Gooden faces charges including endangering the welfare of a child , driving under the influence of drugs , DWI with a child passenger , leaving the scene of a motor vehicle accident and reckless driving , the statement said . He was released on his own recognizance . Gooden pitched for the Mets from 1984 to 1994 , winning the 1985 Cy Young Award after a 24-4 record that year . He also pitched for the New York Yankees , the Cleveland Indians , the Houston Astros and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays before retiring from baseball after the 2000 season . In a November article in the New York Daily News , Gooden discussed his long struggle with drug abuse , which included prison time in 2006 . "  I 'm not out to prove everybody wrong , " he told the Daily News . "  I 'm taking it day by day . I 'm clean and sober and just trying to make good choices for me and my family . " CNN 's Meg Miller contributed to this report .	Police : Dwight Gooden under influence of drugs when he was arrested after crash Gooden arrested after two-vehicle crash about 8:50 a.m. ET Tuesday , police say He faces charges of endangerment , leaving accident scene , reckless driving
CNN  -- A possible merger between the two of the largest companies in the concert business has raised protests from singer Bruce Springsteen and prompted a congressman to call for a federal anti-trust investigation . A possible merger between Ticketmaster and Live Nation has drawn interest . Ticketmaster , which has long dominated ticket sales , is reportedly in merger talks with Live Nation , the world 's largest concert promoter , which just recently began selling its own tickets . Live Nation did not respond to a CNN inquiry , while Ticketmaster 's spokesman said "  we can not comment on rumor or speculation . " "  Being two public companies , they ca n't really comment on it right now , but it seems very real to me , " said Ray Waddell , Billboard magazine 's concert tour reporter . iReport : What do you think of the possible merger ? "  You 're talking about a hugely powerful entity if these two combine forces , " Waddell said . "  They 're locking up a whole lot of the revenue streams for live music , and that is really the most consistent and profitable part of the music business right now . " Ticketmaster , long a target of fan and artist criticism , drew Springsteen 's ire this week when it routed some of his fans trying to buy tickets to his show in New Jersey to a "  secondary site " where they were charged far more than face value . Tickets on that site -- which Ticketmaster owns -- cost between $ 200 and $ 5,000 , while face value starts at $ 54 . Springsteen , in a message posted on his Web site , accused Ticketmaster of "  in effect ` scalping ' " the tickets . Ticketmaster CEO Irving Azoff apologized to Springsteen in a letter Wednesday , saying it would n't happen again . New Jersey Congressman Bill Pascrell , who said he was "  deluged this week by calls from angry music fans , " sent a letter to the Federal Trade Commission chairman asking that the FTC look into Ticketmaster 's practices . After reports that Ticketmaster and Live Nation might merge , Pascrell sent another letter to the House Judiciary Committee calling for a probe . "  There is an incredible potential for abuse when one company controls the primary and secondary market for concert tickets , " Pascrell wrote . "  That potential will surely be magnified exponentially should one company be able to control every aspect of recording , record sales , licensing , venue ownership and ticket sales . " Springsteen 's Web message asked his fans to "  make it known to your representatives " if they opposed a merger . "  The one thing that would make the current ticket situation even worse for the fan than it is now would be Ticketmaster and Live Nation coming up with a single system , thereby returning us to a near monopoly situation in music ticketing , " said the message , signed by Springsteen and his agent . Waddell , who has covered the friction between Ticketmaster , artists and fans , said combining the two companies could mean some fan-friendly changes , including rolling all fees into one ticket price to eliminate "  sticker shock " when fans look at their credit card bill . Ticketmaster 's practice of stacking "  convenience fees " onto purchases inflated ticket prices and drew fan resentment . Ticketmaster pioneered online ticket sales , a modern convenience that did away with long lines at the box office . "  What Ticketmaster has done to ticketing , they 've really revolutionized it as far as the old days , when you had to camp out for a high-demand show , " Waddell said . Waddell said he does n't expect ticket prices would "  just blow up " after a merger . "  Traditionally , when there 's competition taken out of the marketplace it really does n't do a lot for lowering prices , but both these companies are very sensitive to the market and what the fans can pay , " he said . A combined company , though , would control "  everything before , during and after a concert takes place over the course of an entire tour , and that 's pretty sizable , " he said .	Ticketmaster , Live Nation reportedly in merger talks Two companies have huge share of concert business Bruce Springsteen mad about Ticketmaster snafu ; congressman hears from citizens
Syria denied Monday a report that its forces have been using cluster bombs in its civil war . "  The General Command of the Army and the Armed Forces stressed on Monday that the misleading media outlets have recently published untrue news claiming the Syrian Arab Army has been using cluster bombs against terrorists , " the government 's term for rebels , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . "  In a statement , the General Command said the Syrian Army does not possess such bombs , stressing that those news  reports  are untrue and come in the framework of misleading media which is aimed at diverting the public opinion from the practices of the armed terrorist groups against civilians . " The report came a day after the publication of a human rights report that accuses the Syrian air force of using Russian-made cluster bombs . Citing videos and witness accounts , Human Rights Watch said Syrian government forces were using the bombs . The report says the cluster bombs are Soviet-made , but it also says it 's unclear how or when Syria may have acquired them . "  Syria 's disregard for its civilian population is all too evident in its air campaign , which now apparently includes dropping these deadly cluster bombs into populated areas , " said Steve Goose , arms director at Human Rights Watch . "  Cluster bombs have been comprehensively banned by most nations , and Syria should immediately stop all use of these indiscriminate weapons that continue to kill and maim for years . " Russia questioned the report 's veracity . "  There is no confirmation to this , " Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said , according to Russia 's state-owned RIA Novosti news agency . "  There are loads of weapons in this region , including in Syria and other countries of the region , and arms are supplied there in large quantities and illegally . " The bombs are particularly dangerous because they explode in the air , sending dozens or hundreds of smaller bombs over an area the size of a football field , Human Rights Watch said . "  These bomblets often fail to explode on initial impact , leaving duds that act like landmines and explode when handled , " the group said . More than 70 countries have signed a treaty banning the use of cluster bombs ; neither Syria nor the United States is among them . "  Cluster munitions have demonstrated military utility , " the U.S. State Department says on its website . "  Their elimination from U.S. stockpiles would put the lives of its soldiers and those of its coalition partners at risk . Moreover , cluster munitions can often result in much less collateral damage than unitary weapons , such as a larger bomb or larger artillery shell would cause , if used for the same mission . " In other developments : Turkey searches Syria-bound plane For the second time in a week , Turkish officials on Monday searched a civilian plane that had been headed to Syria . Armenian and Turkish diplomats told CNN that an Armenian cargo plane that had been en route to Aleppo stopped first on Monday morning in the Turkish city of Erzurum for an inspection of its cargo . The move appeared to be part of Turkey 's enforcement of a newly adopted blockade against the Syrian government . Unlike last week 's grounding of a Syrian passenger plane flying from Moscow to Damascus , Monday 's airplane inspection appeared to have been agreed to ahead of time by Armenian and Turkish authorities . After the search , which lasted at least five hours , the Armenian cargo plane was allowed to continue to Syria . "  The plane is transporting humanitarian aid to Syria and its stop in Turkey was planned , " Armenian Foreign Ministry spokesman Tigran Balayan told CNN in an e-mail . "  The Turks , from our perspective , are taking a measured and appropriate posture with regard to these things , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters . Syria and Turkey have closed their airspace to each others ' aircraft . The heightened tension between the two countries has alarmed U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , Jeffrey Feltman , U.N. undersecretary for political affairs , told the Security Council on Monday . Also Monday , the Council of the European Union strengthened its sanctions against the Syrian government , adding 28 people deemed responsible for violence against the civilian population to a list of those subject to a travel ban and an asset freeze . That brings the total to 181 people and 54 entities . The council , in its 19th round of sanctions against Damascus , also banned EU nationals and businesses "  from supplying financial services to Syrian arms exports , including insurance and re-insurance , " it said in a statement . "  We call on all states to refrain from delivering arms to Syria and to follow the EU in stopping the supplies that fuel the fighting , " EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Catherine Ashton said in a statement . In addition , the council denied Syrian Arab Airlines access to EU airports . Diplomatic front : Special envoy to Syria visits Iran and Iraq Seeking to forge a solution to Syria 's bloody civil war , international envoy Lakhdar Brahimi visited the country 's key ally in the region , Iran , before heading Monday to Iraq . Brahimi met with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and called for an end to the flow of arms to both sides of the conflict , Brahimi 's spokesman said . Rebel fighters have accused Iran of sending advisers to help Syrian President Bashar al-Assad put down the popular uprising . Before Brahimi departed Iran , Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi handed him a "  written and unofficial proposal " for resolving the Syrian crisis , Iran 's IRNA news agency reported Monday . Details of the plan were not publicized . In Baghdad , Brahimi met with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . "  Iraq fully supports the joint U.N. and Arab efforts in order to reach a political solution to the deepening crisis in Syria , " al-Maliki said in a statement issued by his office . Brahimi , the U.N.-Arab League joint special envoy to Syria , is visiting key countries in the region , including Egypt and Saudi Arabia . Over the weekend , he met in Istanbul with Turkish officials and with Syrian opposition leaders in an effort to broker a cease-fire . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has repeatedly denounced al-Assad , accusing him of massacring his own people and calling for his resignation . Turkey is hosting about 100,000 Syrian refugees , and cross-border shelling that killed five Turkish civilians has led to a heightened confrontation between the two neighbors . Syria has berated its former ally , accusing Turkey of arming and funding Syrian rebels . CNN journalists have witnessed assault rifles , rocket-propelled grenades and machine guns being taken from Turkey to rebels inside Syria . The violence is showing no sign of abating . On Monday , 100 people were killed nationwide , the opposition Local Coordination Committees in Syria said , including 34 in and around Damascus and 29 in Aleppo . The World Health Organization condemned attacks on health facilities in Syria , saying they have damaged such facilities across the country , "  limiting access and the provision of essential health services . " It added , "  almost 67 % of public hospitals have been affected as a result of the conflict and 29 % of those affected are out of service . " Background The opposition says more than 30,000 people have been killed since March 2011 , when anti-government protesters took to the streets calling for political reform and an end to four decades of Assad family rule . The government responded with a violent clampdown , spawning an armed conflict that has spiraled into a civil war . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties in Syria because the government has restricted access by international journalists .	100 people are reported dead around Syria on Monday , an opposition group says Human Rights Watch says the Syrian government is using Soviet-made cluster bombs The claims are "  untrue , " a report from Syria 's state-run news agency says Cluster bombs release dozens of smaller bombs , which can maim or kill long after impact
New York City is the quintessential metropolis , the city other cities aspire to be . Frenetic , chaotic and glamorous , it may not be the capital of America , or even New York State , but in many ways it 's the capital of the world . New York 's skyscrapers are instantly recognizable architectural icons . More than anywhere else , New York symbolizes the American Dream and the aspirations of the 20th century . Ever since it was christened New Amsterdam in 1694 it has been a beacon for immigrants , the Promised Land where anyone can be anything they want . The "  huddled masses " who disembarked at Ellis Island under the gaze of the Statue of Liberty built a city on hard work , determination , and a belief that anything was possible . The result is the Big Apple , the city that never sleeps , the place where you can make things happen . New York is a celebrity city -- even if you 've never been there you 'll recognize it from countless movies and TV cop shows . There 's something innately cinematic about its skyline of tapered high-rises reaching towards the heavens . The skyscrapers of Shanghai and Hong Kong may be more modern , and those of Dubai and Kuala Lumpur more immense , but only New York 's are instantly recognizable architectural icons . When most people think of New York they think of Manhattan , but there are of course four other boroughs in the city , each made up of countless distinct neighborhoods . The relentless pace of New York life means no neighborhood maintains its identity for too long -- you wo n't find many Italians in Little Italy these days . Watch Candace Bushnell take My City_My Life on a tour of New York . " It also means that the latest "  in " place will soon be "  out " , giving way to the newest up-and-coming neighborhood known by a suitably convoluted acronym -- whether its Soho  South of the Hudson  , Tribeca  Triangle Below Canal Street  , Sobro  South Bronx  or Dumbo  Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass  . While Manhattan is still the beating heart of the city , rents there are beyond the reach of most New Yorkers , and the relentless tide of gentrification has flowed into the other boroughs . Where New York was once known for its mean streets , mayors Giuliani and Bloomberg have cleaned up the city with their zero-tolerance approach to crime . The city 's murder rate is now a quarter that of the early 1990s , the height of New York 's crack epidemic . While no one would complain about that , some feel that recent noise laws and bans on smoking indoors and serving trans fats in restaurants are signs that the city is losing the edginess on which it always thrived . The last century may have belonged to New York , but the world is changing . London is staking a claim as the world 's financial capital , with Singapore and Hong Kong close behind . And while the Big Apple practically invented the idea of "  cool , " cities like Berlin and Moscow are building a reputation as hipper , grittier alternatives , where the real underground action happens . But New Yorkers love competition . They 're the reason the city bounced back from 9/11 , the Great Depression and various Wall Street crises . They put up with the noise , crowds and the astronomical rents because they know there 's nowhere on Earth that can match New York for sheer excitement . It 's still the city where anything is possible and , for hopeful dreamers around the world , it 's still the Promised Land , where anyone can be anything they want .	New York City is frenetic and glamorous , the quintessential metropolis The city 's five boroughs are made up of countless distinct neighborhoods Despite up-and-coming rivals , it 's still the most exciting city in the world
