CNN  -- The undersea gusher in the Gulf of Mexico has been brought under control , but the worst oil spill in U.S. history will continue to be felt along the Gulf Coast for some time , Obama administration officials said Sunday . "  If you 're sitting in Barataria Bay , it 's still a disaster . If the folks have not come back to the panhandle of Florida , it 's still a disaster , " former Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , the administration 's point man for the disaster , told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " A report from the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration last week found three-quarters of the oil spilled between late April and mid-July has been collected , dispersed or evaporated . But Allen said , "  We need to keep a steady hand at the tiller to keep the cleanup going . " "  It 's a catastrophe . It 's a catastrophe for the people of the Gulf , and it requires our attention until we get the job done , " he said . And White House environmental adviser Carol Browner told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " that the "  first phase " of the disaster was over -- but it is "  not the end by any means . " The well erupted after an April 20 explosion aboard the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon that left 11 men dead . A temporary cap contained the spill on July 15 , and nearly 3,000 barrels of heavy drilling mud and cement drove the well back into the ocean floor last week . The final step -- the completion of a relief well that will permanently seal the blowout from below -- is expected to be completed sometime between August 13 and 15 , Jim Lestelle , a spokesman for the relief effort , reported Sunday . Lestelle said the rig drilling the relief well was within the final 100 feet of intercepting the blown-out bore . The spill inflicted heavy blows on gulf Coast industries like tourism and fishing , but Allen said some parts of the region are beginning to see a recovery . "  It 's starting to happen already , but it 's happening incrementally , where the oil is not there now , where we 've cleaned it up , " he said . "  Some beaches are reopening . Fisheries are reopening . And that will happen as soon as we can , either by cleaning up the oil or having the areas tested through NOAA and FDA for seafood safety and so forth . " The well gushed an estimated 53,000 barrels  2.3 million gallons  of oil per day before it was capped . Since then , fresh , green grass has begun growing again in some of the hardest-hit marshes of southern Louisiana , but oil continues to wash ashore in places . "  There 's a lot of clean-up working going on here , and that 's excellent , " Maura Wood , of the National Wildlife Federation , told CNN last week . "  But the tide keeps coming and going each and every day . " Federal authorities say up to 1 million barrels of oil may still lie beneath the surface of the Gulf . Browner said cleanup crews from the government and well owner BP fought to keep the oil out of beaches and coast marches , but what did reach shore "  has to be cleaned up . " "  Some of it may continue to come on shore , the residual . It 'll come on in tar balls and tar mats , and that can be cleaned up , " Browner said . In addition , she said scientists are examining marine life in the Gulf , "  and right now nobody is seeing anything of concern . " CNN 's Eric Fiegel , Ed Lavandera and David Mattingly contributed to this report .	Former Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen : "  A steady hand at the tiller " needed for cleanup "  If you 're sitting in Barataria Bay , it 's still a disaster , " he says Relief well expected to be complete in mid-August Oil still washing ashore in parts of Louisiana
Mashable.com  -- At WWDC 2012 , Apple unveiled the next generation of iOS , its mobile operating system . iOS 6 sports more than 200 new features and upgrades -- including the new Apple Maps , deep Facebook integration and improvements to Siri . Although iOS 6 wo n't be available on compatible devices until sometime this fall , the first beta build is currently available to developers . We 've installed iOS 6 on our new iPad  64GB Verizon LTE model  and poked around with the new features . While it is clear that this is a beta -- certain features are n't fully baked , and there is some crashing and inconsistency with a few existing apps -- it 's equally clear that this is a solid OS update . Mashable.com : iOS 6 : Everything You Need to Know Because we 've tested iOS 6 on an iPad and not an iPhone , we ca n't explore all of the new iOS 6 features . But this release , more than any other , is intended to unify iOS across platforms . Maps Apple 's decision to eschew Google Maps in iOS 6 is a big deal . Mapping and location are an integral part of the modern smartphone experience . Google and Microsoft own their own mapping technologies , and it makes sense that Apple would want to make good on some of its mapping investments . These include Poly9 , Placebase and C3 Technologies . The 3D models from C3 Technologies are immediately evident in Apple 's new mapping app -- at least , in the areas that have already been rendered . In our tests , certain areas -- including Cupertino and the Apple Campus at 1 Infinite Loop -- had beautiful 3D terrain overlays . In New York City , however , those images looked pretty bad . But again , this is a beta . The street mapping aspect of the new iOS Maps app pulls in data from Yelp and from what we can tell , Open Street Map . TomTom technology helps power the Turn-By-Turn navigation . While we have n't had a chance to go hands-on in a car with Turn-By-Turn , in our walking tests , it worked as you would expect . What did n't work as we expected was transit directions , and this could be a real wrinkle for Apple . In Monday 's WWDC Keynote , Apple 's Scott Forstall said that the company would highlight transit apps from the App Store in its mapping product . At the time , I took this to mean that it would highlight other location apps . What I did n't realize is that Apple is actually going to rely on these apps to power the transit directions within iOS . Now , we do n't know what the final version of this product will look like -- but if this means users will need to download a local area transit map or schedule tool in order to get transit directions in iOS 6 , that 's going to be a problem for many thousands of users that rely on their iPhones for public transit directions on a daily basis . I like third-party transit apps as much as the next person . But I also really , really like having a schedule built into my main mapping client , so I can quickly get directions in an area where I do n't know the bus or train route layout . That quibble aside , our first experience with Apple 's new Maps app is positive . In fact , with the exception of Turn-By-Turn nav , it does n't feel that much different than the Google Maps app . That 's a good thing . Facebook integration We 've already detailed a bit about how Facebook 's integration with iOS 6 works . At this very early stage , the Facebook/iOS 6 integration works in a way that 's nearly identical to Twitter 's current integration with iOS 5 . That is to say , it 's part of the system -- if you want it to be -- and third-party apps can plug into the architecture for even better use . For sharing photos and websites , the ability to share directly to Facebook is great . In Safari and the Photos app , you can easily post to your Facebook account . You can also choose what level of visibility you want a post to have and attach a Facebook location to the object you are sharing . For now , videos can not be shared directly to Facebook -- only YouTube . But we expect that to change in the future . The real potential of the Facebook integration is within the App Store . Users can now "  like " an app directly from the App Store on Facebook , and see what apps their friends like . This also works for Music and Movies . Apps that hook into the Facebook login in iOS 6 need only request permission to do so once . Actions still need to be explicitly performed ; users just do n't have to initiate a login each and every time . The nice part of all of this is that users can revoke access to an app at any time from the Facebook panel in the Settings app . This makes it easy to turn a feature on or off , without having to mess with a bunch of hard-to-find settings . As for Contacts and Events and Birthday integrations -- these are nice features . Windows Phone has had them since its inception . Many Android skins , such as HTC Sense , also include the option . We appreciate that users can use Facebook but opt not to link a calendar or address book with the service . Siri Siri is finally on the iPad ! Well , the new iPad , at least . Siri works just as you would expect it to -- except it now hooks into Yelp , OpenTable , Rotten Tomatoes , various sports score services and more . Users can also now launch apps , post to Facebook and send Tweets with their voice . In our tests , Siri worked as expected , though we did run into a few problems posting to Twitter . Still , the service works quite seamlessly on the iPad . For us , the more command-like nature of Siri -- and the fact that various iOS tasks can now be started using voice commands -- is a great step forward . Photo Stream sharing , Safari , FaceTime 3G and more One of the features I 'm really excited to use with iOS 6 is the new PhotoStream shares that are part of iCloud . Users can quickly and easily share groups of photos to a select group of other users . Just find your photo , choose "  Photo Stream " from the share menu and add your contacts . You can choose to make the collection private or visible on iCloud.com . Users can then comment on photos and add their own to the collections . Removing a photo from a Photo Stream will remove it from everyone 's device . It 's a bit like Glassboard , but baked into the OS and tied to iCloud . Another new feature in iOS 6 is the ability to FaceTime over 3G or 4G . I tested this by calling my phone from my Verizon 4G LTE iPad . It worked exactly as you would expect . My only concern with this sort of feature is that it has the potential to use up more bandwidth than users might expect . Keep an eye on your data usage . Safari for iOS 6 has a redesigned sharing menu -- icon-based this time -- and the ability to sync with tabs across other iCloud devices . You can also now read items from Reading Lists offline -- which can act as a low-level replacement for Instapaper , Pocket or Readability . In my experience , heavy users of those services  including myself  are unlikely to give them up for the built-in options , but it 's a great way to introduce the concept of reading later to more people . Mail Mail has received a few updates in iOS 6 , most notably with the ability to FINALLY inserts photos or videos in a message directly from the Mail app . It 's about time . Users can also craft different signatures on a per-mailbox basis . Apple has also introduced a new VIP feature that allows users to highlight email from important contacts in their own folder and with their own notification system . If you get as much email as I get , that 's a great feature . The early verdict I 'm very excited about the potential of iOS 6 . The first beta is remarkably stable and the new features are welcome . Still , as with all OS releases , the most interesting bits are usually what happens on the backend and not the flashiest user-facing features . Some of the early criticism of iOS 6 is that it is n't enough to compete with Android or Windows Phone . I do n't think this is true at all . Third party apps are what define modern smartphones and tablets and in that respect , Apple remains the platform of choice for developers . With iOS 6 , it looks like developers will have even more options to create great apps for users . Plus , this is just a taste -- as the months go on , I expect we 'll learn even more about what unearthed secrets remain in the OS . What are you most excited about in iOS 6 ? Let us know in the comments . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple introduced the next generation of its mobile operating system , iOS 6 , this week While certain features are n't fully baked yet , it 's clear that this is a solid OS update The iOS 6 platform has heavily integrated social media and sharing functions with Siri We tested iOS 6 on an iPad and not an iPhone , so we ca n't explore all its new features
CNN  -- The brother of a woman who prosecutors say died during complications from an abortion at a Pennsylvania medical clinic hopes the doctor who performed allegedly illegal procedures will never practice again . "  We want justice , this doctor has to be out of that clinic or he should not be treating anybody , " Damber Ghalley told CNN Monday , referring to his sister , 41-year-old Karnamaya Mongar . "  And the things that happen to my sister , I do n't want to happen to anybody in the future . " Dr. Kermit Gosnell is charged with seven first-degree murder charges related to the deaths of seven viable babies , and one third-degree murder in the death of Mongar . He is being held without bail . Mongar died November 20 , 2009 , after overdosing on anesthetics prescribed by the doctor , Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said . Williams called the facility "  a house of horrors " that performed "  botched and illegal abortions " and that was full of containers of fetuses ' body parts . Ghalley agreed , telling CNN "  the clinic was so dirty , filthy with blood stains and a dirty floor , everywhere dirty , I can not describe how dirty it was . " Mongar 's family filed a lawsuit last week against Gosnell 's practice seeking damages , the family 's attorney , Bernard Smalley , said . "  It 's unforgettable , my sister will never come back and it 's sad , " Ghalley said . "  All the happiness is gone , they miss their mother every day and night , " Ghalley said , referring to Mongar 's four children . Born in Bhutan , Mongar spent 18 years living in a bamboo hut in a Nepalese refugee camp before coming to the United States in July 2009 as part of a humanitarian resettlement program , Smalley said . The mother of four and grandmother of one was 19 weeks into her pregnancy when , after getting a referral from a Washington , D.C. , medical clinic , she went to Gosnell 's practice . There , Smalley said , "  an unlicensed high school student " -- who got instructions from Gosnell over a cell phone -- gave the woman anesthesia , and there was no equipment to resuscitate her once things went wrong . "  These children have to grow up without their mother , you have a husband who is going to have to go on without his wife , " Smalley said of Mongar 's family . "  There will be justice at the end of the day , but at what price ? They 've lost a loved one who can never come back . " Gosnell is next scheduled to appear in court on February 9 .	Philadelphia doctor Kermit Gosnell is being held on eight murder charges Seven are for the deaths of viable babies , one is for 41-year-old Karnamaya Mongar "  It 's unforgettable . My sister will never come back , " says Mongar 's brother Gosnell headed an abortion clinic where Mongar was treated
CNN  -- Colorado theater shooting suspect James Holmes will wear a hidden harness under his clothes to restrain him during his trial , which will have the largest jury pool in state history . Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and wounding dozens more in an Aurora movie theater . He will wear the harness , which will be anchored to the floor , because of the violent nature of his alleged crimes , a judge said . Judge Carlos Samour Jr. will send out 5,000 jury summons and expects at least 3,200 people will end up in court , he ruled on Thursday . That would mean each of the 450,000 Arapahoe County residents eligible for jury duty would have a 1 in 90 chance of being called , for this one case alone , court spokesman Rob McCallum told CNN . The idea is to bring in 800 prospective jurors at a time on Thursdays and Fridays early next year , a process that McCallum says could take three to four weeks . Those thousands will be winnowed down to 12 men and women for the start of the trial , which is set to begin February 3 . It is expected to last four months . Judge accepts theater shooting suspect 's insanity plea Asking more people than usual to come to court for high-profile cases is common in the U.S. justice system , given concerns many of them already know the story and have strong opinions about it . In Florida , for example , there was a 500-person jury pool for the now-ongoing murder trial of George Zimmerman , who is accused in the killing of teenager Trayvon Martin -- a case that drew national headlines for weeks . So too , of course , did what happened just after midnight the night of July 20 , 2012 , in the Denver suburb of Aurora . It was then and there , authorities say , that a man walked through an exit door into a crowded Theater 9 of the Century movie complex as a late-night premiere of the Batman sequel "  The Dark Knight Rises " played . The former neuroscience graduate student wore all-black , a ballistic helmet , a tactical ballistic vest , protective leggings , a throat and groin protector , and a gas mask , police say . And he carried an arsenal that included two Glock handguns , an AR-15 rifle , a shotgun and 6,295 rounds of ammunition , Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives agent Steve Beggs has testified . "  He did n't care who he killed , " prosecutor Karen Pearson told a judge during a preliminary court hearing in January , adding Holmes chose his venue carefully to cage his victims . "  He intended to kill them all . " After the carnage and Holmes ' subsequent capture outside the theater , he was charged with 166 counts of murder , attempted murder and weapons violations . Rescue workers were n't prepared for chaos of Aurora shooting Since his arrest , much of the in-court discussion has resolved around Holmes ' mental state . Judge Samour earlier this month accepted the defense 's plea of not guilty by reason of insanity . He was then taken to the Colorado Mental Health Institute in Pueblo for evaluation , and is expected to be back in Arapahoe County Jail on August 2 . Prosecutors in Arapahoe County announced in April they would seek the death penalty . Despite the notoriety of the mass shooting , the judge ruled Thursday that the empaneled jury will not be sequestered , as Holmes ' defense team requested . Making it so they could n't go home throughout the prolonged trial , Samour said , was an "  unnecessarily drastic , expensive and impractical remedy that ... will create an extreme and undue hardship for jurors . " The judge also ruled against the defense 's attempt to prevent jurors from using phones or computers , barring their use in court but saying preventing them from using them outside is "  unreasonable and unfair . " One thing jurors wo n't be able to see is restraints on Holmes . As someone accused of "  multiple violent crimes , " Samour says that Holmes must be restrained carefully during his trial . But the judge said he need n't wear handcuffs or shackles . Instead , the judge ruled , Holmes will "  wear a harness under his clothing which will not be visible to the jury " and will be anchored to the floor . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge : The jury wo n't be sequestered , can use phones and laptops outside court NEW : James Holmes will wear a harness that the jury ca n't see , the judge says The trial of the man accused of killing 12 in a Colorado movie theater should start in February The jury pool will have 5,000 people -- 1 of 90 residents in county -- spokesman says
London  CNN  -- Four months holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London has been "  a little like living in a space station " but beats prison , fugitive WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Thursday . Assange sought refuge in the embassy in June , after losing a court battle against extradition to Sweden . Since then , he has been living in a single room with a frosted-glass window while the business of the diplomatic mission goes on around him . "  It 's a little like living in a space station , because there 's no natural light and you 've got to make all your own stuff . You ca n't go out to shops and so on , " Assange told CNN in an interview Thursday . "  But I have been in solitary confinement . I know what life is like for prisoners . It 's a lot better than it is for prisoners . " Embassy staffers would not allow CNN to view his living quarters , but Assange appeared relaxed and healthy despite his restricted circumstances . His comments came the same day WikiLeaks began disclosing a new round of U.S. military documents dealing with handling prisoners in American military custody . Though the first of the newly published documents include no bombshells , Assange said the records his group will put out are "  documents of incredible historical importance " and demonstrate a "  climate of unaccountability " within the U.S. government . Lady Gaga visits Assange in London Ecuador granted Assange asylum in August , amid a diplomatic row between the United Kingdom and his South American hosts . British courts have approved his extradition to Sweden , and Assange faces arrest if he sets foot outside the embassy . Assange has not been charged with a crime , but Sweden has said it wants to question him about allegations that he sexually assaulted a woman there . Assange has denied the allegations and says they 're a ruse to get him to Sweden , which would then extradite him to the United States . A U.S. Army intelligence analyst , Pfc. Bradley Manning , is currently awaiting trial on charges that he leaked hundreds of thousands of classified military and State Department documents while serving in Iraq . Many of those documents ended up on the WikiLeaks website , and Manning could be sentenced to life in prison if found guilty . Assange said his standoff could end if the United States dropped its investigation of WikiLeaks . "  It 's an immoral investigation , " he said . "  It breaches the First Amendment , it breaches all the principles that the U.S. government says it stands for and it absolutely breaches the principles the Founding Fathers stood for and which most of the U.S. people believe in . " Ecuador , UK officials meet over Assange case	The WikiLeaks founder has been holed up in Ecuador 's Embassy since June "  I know what life is like for prisoners . It 's a lot better than it is for prisoners , " he says He has been fighting extradition to Sweden , where he faces sex assault allegations Assange says Sweden would extradite him to the United States
CNN  -- A day after Pedro Hernandez was charged in the killing of 6-year-old Etan Patz , prosecutors now face the task of corroborating his confession and piecing together a mystery that 's confounded investigators for more than three decades . Neighbors say suspect in Patz killing lived a quiet life with his family Police say the 51-year-old New Jersey resident confessed to strangling Etan and dumping his body in the trash near a Manhattan bodega where he worked as a teenage stock clerk in 1979 . Attorney Harvey Fishbein said Hernandez -- who is currently on suicide watch at Bellevue Hospital -- has not entered a plea due to a pending psychiatric evaluation . Fishbein says his client has a "  long psychiatric history " including schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and hallucinations . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said earlier this week that authorities interviewed other employees of the store Hernandez worked at , but not him . "  I ca n't tell you why , " Kelly said . Yet two law enforcement sources said Hernandez was in fact interviewed , albeit briefly . A third source said Hernandez not only talked to police , but he confessed -- though he was ruled out as a suspect , because his claims were n't believed . At a recent news conference announcing Hernandez ' arrest , Kelly said Hernandez had no prior contact with the boy , and that investigators have not uncovered any forensic evidence linking Hernandez to the disappearance of the Etan , whose body still has not been found . Former SoHo resident Roberto Monticello , who says he knew Hernandez at the time of Etan 's disappearance , called the former stock clerk a "  very strange guy . " "  He was always by himself , " Monticello recalled to CNN affiliate NY1 . "  I  never saw him with people . " Opinion : Missing children , perception vs. reality His pastor , George Bowen , described Hernandez as a "  very quiet , unassuming , almost shy man , " attending church regularly with his wife and daughter , and sitting in the same seat almost every Sunday . "  So every Sunday morning I had a conversation with him , " Bowen told CNN Saturday . "  But the conversation was more or less a greeting . " One of the suspect 's sisters told The New York Times that some family members claimed he had told them about the alleged murder in the early 1980s . "  He confessed that he killed a little boy , " Norma Hernandez told the Times , saying that the suspect had moved to southern New Jersey shortly after Etan disappeared . But she said that he had never told her directly and never mentioned the boy 's name . Norma Hernandez , according to the newspaper , said that her family had been torn over whether to inform authorities after the confession , but ultimately did not . "  They did not want to get involved because it was a brother , " she told The Times . Lisa Cohen , whose 2009 book , "  After Etan , " is widely considered the definitive account of the case , said Saturday that she remains skeptical about the man 's confession . "  I had never heard of Pedro Hernandez before this week , " she told CNN . Patz investigation a 33-year-long roller coaster ride Etan went missing on May 25 , 1979 , a block from his home in Manhattan after walking to a school bus alone for the first time . His disappearance helped spawn a national movement to raise awareness of missing children , including the then-novel approach of putting an image of the child 's face on thousands of milk cartons . The tipster whose information led to Hernandez 's arrest contacted authorities last month after news coverage of their renewed search . That contact , at least in part , prompted investigators to question Hernandez . Police Commissioner Kelly said earlier this week described Hernandez 's actions as a crime of opportunity and said the suspect was remorseful . "  The detectives thought  the confession  was a feeling of relief on his part , " Kelly said . After that confession , investigators spent two days talking to witnesses and looking for anyone who could discredit Hernandez and could n't find any , according to a source with knowledge of the case . Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance ultimately gave the green light to file murder charges against Hernandez based largely on his confession , even given the lack of physical evidence and questions about his mental state , the source said . The next major step in the legal process would be for a grand jury to hear prosecutors ' evidence against Hernandez for a potential indictment , after the defense waived its right to an expedited indictment on Friday . It is not clear when this might happen . Missing child case ` awakened America ' Etan was officially declared dead in 2001 as part of a lawsuit filed by his family against Jose Antonio Ramos , a drifter and convicted child molester acquainted with Etan 's babysitter . A judge found Ramos responsible for the boy 's death and ordered him to pay the family $ 2 million , money the Patz family has never received . Although Ramos was considered a key focus of the investigation for years , he has never been charged in the case . He is serving a 20-year prison sentence in Pennsylvania for molesting another boy and is set to be released this year . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	The commissioner say police did n't talk to Hernandez , yet sources say they did One source says Hernandez even confessed , but his claims were n't believed Hernandez is charged with murder , though there 's no physical evidence linking him His attorney says no plea has been entered due to a pending psychiatric evaluation
CNN  -- Few of you were surprised that despite spending more per person on health care than any other country , Americans are getting sicker and dying younger than our international peers . "  This should be baffling but seeing the downward spiral our nation is taking , it 's real no surprise . Is this our new reality ? " @Blonde_Cake tweeted . The National Research Council and the Institute of Medicine released the report -- titled "  U.S. Health in International Perspective : Shorter Lives , Poorer Health " -- on Wednesday . The report was commissioned to figure out why life expectancy in the United States is increasing at a slower rate than in other high-income democracies . A panel of experts spent 18 months analyzing data from 16 "  peer countries " for the report . CNN commenter stevecray said , "  They needed 18 months to determine the problem ! It will take me less than a minute : obesity , sedentary lifestyle , a for-profit healthcare system controlled by insurance and pill-pushing pharmaceutical companies that try to limit preventative healthcare . " The panel found that United States lacks many social programs that other governments provide that could negate the effects of poverty . "  With Medicare and Social Security costs ` out of control , ' at least according to some , why would we want people to live longer ? " commenter Jmm72 asked . "  If they waved a magic wand and our life expectancies suddenly jumped to world-class levels , it would break the bank . Good thing the only measure that counts in the U.S. is profit . " Commenter Rollins said : "  Countries who mind their business and do not involve themselves in wars every few years can do such things . The U.S. gives millions away to foreign aid  and  we get involved in conflicts that are not in our best interests because our politicians are owned by special interest groups . " Commenter Bbcblogger argued that social problems can be found on a micro level as well . "  Study after study on individuals that have high longevity  shows they  have strong social communities . That is the one common factor they all share . Yet what is the first thing I hear when foreigners visit the U.S. : ` No one even says hi to you ' or ' People do n't even know who their neighbor is . ' We are becoming more and more isolated , and it shows in more than one way . " Micah also placed part of the blame on individuals ' shoulders : "  It stuns me that people are n't better about their personal health when they can learn so much from doing maybe a day 's worth of research to see what is good and horrible for you . " Although the report said not all of Americans ' health disadvantages stem from our health care system , readers were quick to point the finger in that direction . But WrkrB had a different take : "  Universal health care ? If you 've got a minor medical problem and you live in Italy , great ! If you need open-heart surgery or some other expensive procedure , you get on a waiting list and hope your name comes up before your number is up . " The report also talked about America 's obesity epidemic and how our environment may be playing a role . Several of our readers weighed in on the food culture in America . @rickydepass tweeted : "  We invented the term #supersize . " "  I moved from Europe to the U.S. , about six months ago , " Nic wrote . "  First observation after a visit to the supermarket : fruits and vegetables way too expensive ; cheap products stuffed with fats and sugars . In short , if you want to kill off a whole population , slow but sure , I could n't come up with a better strategy . " What do you think is the reason -- or reasons -- Americans are living shorter lives than those in other rich nations ? Tell us below .	Report : Americans are living shorter lives than other rich nations ' citizens Commenters say health care , personal responsibility are to blame Social programs and just being more social in general could help , readers say
CNN  -- As oil began approaching the coast of the United States , environmental scientists said the effects of the spill in the Gulf of Mexico could have ecological and biological consequences for years , if not decades . The intricate ecosystem is a major source of seafood for the United States and hundreds of species of animals and plants are at risk , experts said . Some areas in the path of the slick are particularly sensitive to problems because unlike the rocky coast of Alaska hit by oil from the Exxon Valdez disaster , much of the coastline that will be hit by the BP spill consists of marshy areas where the water is calmer and more difficult to clean . The marshes are in extreme danger , said a biologist with the University of Houston who studies coastal wetlands . "  It 's likely going to persist for decades because it will get into the marsh where there is very little wave action and the soil is oxygen poor , " said Steve Pennings . "  The immediate acute impact might not be that severe because there is not much oil getting to a certain spot , but because the oil might stick around -LSB- in the sediment -RSB- for 20 years you might have a real chronic effect . " The oil spill started April 20 after an explosion on the BP-operated Deepwater Horizon drilling platform in the Gulf of Mexico . Eleven oil-rig workers remain missing and are presumed dead . The rig sank April 22 about 50 miles off the southeast coast of Louisiana and the untapped wellhead is gushing oil into the Gulf . About 1.6 million gallons of oil have spilled since the explosion , the Coast Guard said . Wetlands in Louisiana and other Gulf Coast states were already struggling because of sea-level rise and the lack of sediment due to some rivers being channelized , Pennings said . Mike Beck , senior scientist on the global marine team for the Nature Conservancy , said there is a lot of concern for oyster reefs , which were also already suffering . Only 15 percent of the world 's oyster reefs remain because of over-harvesting and dredging , he said , and hurricanes have also destroyed some reefs . He said there have been some oil spills in Europe that provide clues as to what might happen . "  What we have learned from other accidents is we 've seen mortality and then we have seen lower growth rate , " he said , "  so that even if they 're not killed , you are likely to have much lower -LSB- population -RSB- growth . We 're not likely to be able to eat those oysters for quite some time because ... they hold heavy metals in their tissue . " He estimated that the damage to the reefs could last two to five years , but that other oil spills have shown that in some instances it can be longer than that . Beck pointed out that 40 percent of the U.S. seafood supply comes from the northern Gulf of Mexico and 95 percent of the species in the seafood harvest are dependent on the health of the nation 's estuaries and marshes . Environmentalist Richard Charter of the Defenders of Wildlife organization said the size of the oil spill will be overwhelming to cleanup crews . "  This event is a self-feeding fire , " Charter said . "  It is so big and expanding so fast that it 's pretty much beyond human response that can be effective . ... You 're looking at a long-term poisoning of the area . Ultimately , this will have a multidecade impact . " Some officials worried the destruction could surpass the Exxon Valdez disaster of 20 years ago . That oil tanker ran aground on the Bligh Reef in Alaska 's Prince William Sound in 1989 and spilled 11 million gallons of crude oil . The surface oil from the Exxon Valdez spill had largely disappeared within three years of the spill , according to studies conducted by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Office of Response and Restoration . The 1997 report said that what oil did remain could be found on beaches that were near still water . The residual oil was not nearly as toxic as the oil studied in the days after the spill . The report said "  intertidal species can tolerate its presence even though it can accumulate in their tissues . " However , a 2003 study published in the journal Science disputed the NOAA finding of toxicity and said that oil in the sediment was still harming the species more than a decade after the accident . The Exxon Valdez Oil Spill Trustees Council also disagreed . A spokeswoman told the Anchorage Daily News last year that oil in some parts of the sound is still toxic . All the scientists CNN spoke to said that the long-term impacts of the spill depend on how much oil reaches the coast . The choppy seas are hindering containment efforts , experts said . "  The question is -- we rarely clean up more than 15 or 20 percent of a spill on a calm day , and we are n't seeing a calm day , " Charter said . The impact will also depend on what states are hit . Beck said there are two major loop currents and one runs along the Louisiana wetlands past Mississippi and Alabama then down the coast of Florida and around the Keys . "  Eventually that water moves out into the Caribbean and the Atlantic , " he said , indicating the East Coast needs to pay attention to where the oil is traveling .	Oil might remain in the sediment of a marsh for 20 years Oyster reefs are immediately in danger and population recovery may be stunted by lingering oil Only about 15 to 20 percent of oil can be recovered from water Currents may take oil around southern tip of Florida into the Atlantic , Caribbean
Madrid  CNN  -- The judge investigating the train crash that killed 79 people last July is expanding the preliminary charges to include numerous top officials of the state railway infrastructure company , Adif , for alleged negligence , a Tuesday court order shows . Judge Luis Alaez Legeren wrote that five Adif officials in charge of track and signal security , along with the current and two former Adif presidents , will face preliminary charges because there was no safety system that would have compensated for any human error by the train driver . The prime suspect remains the driver , Francisco Jose Garzon , who already faces preliminary charges of 79 counts of homicide by professional recklessness . The judge 's latest order states that the passenger train was going more than twice the speed limit when it derailed on a curve near the northwest city of Santiago de Compostela . In addition to 79 fatalities , some 170 passengers were injured . Just before the crash , the driver took a phone call from another official on the train to discuss the train 's route farther north on the journey , the judge wrote . An Adif spokeswoman said the company had no immediate comment about the judge 's order , and company lawyers were studying it . In the eight-page order sent by the court to reporters , the judge cites various security systems in place along the section of track where the accident occurred . But he adds it appears that Adif officials did not adequately mitigate all the predictable scenarios of human error by the driver . Since the accident , the speed limit at the curve has been reduced from 80 kilometers per hour  50 mph  to just 30 , Adif has confirmed . Last week , Spanish newspaper El Pais exclusively obtained audio of the driver 's first , desperate phone call , while injured and still trapped inside the engine , to the train 's control center . The court said it did not release the audio , but there are several parties to the case who may have had access to it . In the audio , the driver told his control center he "  got distracted " and was going 190 kilometers an hour when he should have been doing 80 . News media reported that part of the conversation in the days after the crash , citing officials , who blamed excessive speed for the crash . But the audio recording also contains allegations by the driver that were not widely reported weeks ago , namely his contention that he had warned authorities about what he called the dangerous curve . "  I had already told security it was dangerous , that one day we were going to eat it , and it happened to me , " the driver , Garzon , is heard telling the control center in the audio recording . A few moments later he added , "  Oh God , I had already told the people from security that it was very dangerous . We are human ... and this can happen ... that this curve is inhumane . Understand ? If there was a warning light ... " For weeks , the judge has been investigating other potential causes for the accident , beyond the train 's excessive speed . In the court order Tuesday , he also asked Adif to provide the names of all company board members and all rail security senior officials , since December 2011 . That 's when the section of track where the accident occurred , and its security systems , went into operation .	Preliminary charges in the Spain train crash will now include top railway officials Judge Luis Alaez Legeren is adding the charges because the train lacked a safety system He notes there were systems in place at various places , but driver error was not anticipated The crash took the lives of 79 people and injured some 170
CNN  A picture and audio posted online Saturday purport to show that one of two Japanese hostages held by ISIS has been killed after a deadline for ransom passed . It also appears to relay the group 's new demand for the other 's freedom : a prisoner exchange . The static image , shown in a video file posted by a known ISIS supporter , shows surviving Japanese hostage Kenji Goto , alone , in handcuffs and dressed in orange , holding a photo of what appears to be beheaded compatriot Haruna Yukawa . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Sunday that the video is "  highly credible . " U.S. authorities said they had no reason to doubt its authenticity . Abe told Japanese broadcaster NHK that the killing was "  abominable " and "  unforgivable , " demanding the immediate release of Goto . NHK also reported comments from Yukawa 's father . "  I still do n't want to believe it , " Shoichi Yukawa said , his face not shown in the report . "  If I can see him again , I 'd like to hold him in my arms . " Saturday 's posting came four days after an ISIS video demanded that the Japanese government pay $ 200 million within 72 hours for the two hostages ' release . In the video released Saturday , the voice of a person claiming to be Goto says in English that Abe is to blame for Yukawa 's death . "  You were given a deadline , " he says . The voice then relays the apparent new demand from ISIS -- the release of Sajida al-Rishawi , a woman arrested in Jordan in 2005 on suspicion of trying to take part in an attack in which others killed dozens at Jordanian hotels . "  They no longer want money , so you do n't need to worry about funding terrorists , " the voice says . "  They are just demanding the release of their imprisoned sister Sajida al-Rishawi . " Jordan 's King Abdullah II and Abe talked by phone on Saturday , according Jordanian state news agency Petra . The news agency did not detail what the two discussed beyond saying they "  reviewed the latest developments in the Middle East . " President Barack Obama condemned the purported murder of Yukawa by ISIS . In a White House statement , the President expressed condolences to the people of Japan and said the United States will work with its ally "  to bring the perpetrators of these murders to justice and will continue to take decisive action to degrade and ultimately defeat " ISIS . Britain 's Prime Minister David Cameron said Japan was right not to bow to the terrorists ' demand for ransom . "  Britain strongly supports the firm stance Prime Minister Abe and his Government have taken and we will continue to work with Japan and other partners around the world to promote peace and to build a safer , more secure future for our citizens , " Cameron said in a statement . Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S. is grieving with Yukawa 's family . "  America has known this pain and horror ourselves , and we stand with Japan not just in sadness , but in solidarity and strength , " he said in a statement . The U.S. National Security Council has seen Saturday 's post , and the "  intelligence community is working to confirm its authenticity , " NSC deputy spokesman Patrick Ventrell said . Opinion : Should nations pay ISIS ransom ? Goto , 47 , and Yukawa , 42 , had gone to the Middle East for different reasons , the former an experienced freelance journalist covering the conflict in Iraq and Syria , and the latter an aspiring security contractor who felt at home in the war-torn region . They ended up in the hands of ISIS in recent months . On Tuesday , ISIS released a photo showing a black-clad masked man standing over Goto and Yukawa . The man made a demand : Either Japan pay $ 200 million -- the same amount that Abe has proposed to help those affected by the ISIS campaign , money his government says is for humanitarian rather than military purposes -- within 72 hours , or both men would die . Japanese officials estimated that ultimatum expired at 2:50 p.m. Friday , Tokyo time  12:50 a.m. ET Friday  with no immediate news on the hostages . Saturday 's video is dissimilar in some ways to last year 's ISIS videos announcing the executions of Western hostages . In five ISIS videos last year -- announcing the beheadings of U.S. journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff , British aid worker David Haines , British taxi driver Alan Henning and U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig -- a masked man is shown making a statement and sometimes putting a knife to the hostages ' necks . The videos then transition to a still photo of the victims ' severed heads . Al-Rishawi , the woman named in the allegedly proposed swap for Goto , was arrested by Jordanian authorities more than nine years ago . In November 2005 , she said in a televised confession that she tried to take part in a string of terror attacks at Jordanian hotels that month that killed at least 57 people . She said her explosives failed to go off at a large wedding reception she was targeting , but that her husband 's explosives did go off there . Japan is n't part of the international military coalition that , for months , has been carrying out airstrikes against ISIS targets in Iraq and Syria . Its post-World War II constitution forbids the use of Japanese military forces for any purpose besides self-defense . But Tokyo is allied with the United States and others leading this military campaign . And Japanese officials are offering help related to the ongoing unrest , though they insist those millions of dollars would go toward things like helping refugees , not killing ISIS militants . ISIS was n't swayed . In Tuesday 's video demanding ransom , a masked man holding a knife stood over the kneeling Goto and Yukawa , and said that Abe "  willingly volunteered to take part in this crusade " against ISIS . A spokesman for the terror group , according to Japanese broadcaster NHK , would n't comment this week on whether his group has been in touch with the Japanese government , something that officials in Tokyo had said they were trying to arrange . He said he was aware that Japan said it was n't involved militarily and called the Japanese infidels for fighting with the coalition . Japanese officials had said they would not yield to threats , but they would do everything they could to secure the hostages ' safe release . Would that mean paying ransom ? Officials were n't saying , at least directly , though Abe did call ISIS ' demand "  unacceptable " this week . Leading Japanese news organizations reported , citing unidentified government sources , that Goto 's wife received an e-mail in December from someone demanding $ 8 million to $ 16 million for her husband 's return . The government was trying to confirm if that e-mail came from ISIS , the reports said . If so , it could indicate the militant group was willing to accept a smaller ransom than the $ 200 million it had publicly demanded . Japanese citizens have been taken hostage before . Some have been released . But what Japan has n't done is advertise whether it has ever paid ransom , lest it encourage more kidnappings in bad-guy fundraising schemes . It 's not clear whether paying would have mattered . ISIS does n't have representatives or go-betweens everywhere who could solicit such a deal . Nor does it have a reputation for morality and trustworthiness , so there 's no telling if it would have taken the money and killed anyway . And the fact the group publicly asked for $ 200 million , a figure well above other ransom demands , raised the prospect that it was never serious about negotiating . While there are certainly geopolitical implications , this story is also about two men and the families they 've left behind . As the apparent deadline approached , Goto 's mother begged for her son 's life . "  To all members of ISIS , Kenji is not the enemy of ISIS . Please release him , " the mother , Junko Ishido , said Friday . " ... I have been just crying for the last three days , filled with sadness . Words fail to describe how I feel . Kenji always has been a kind person ever since he was little . He was always saying , ' I want to save the lives of children in war zones . ' " Her son had been a journalist for years , contributing to NHK and other Japanese news organizations . Goto covered big stories , hoping that by telling them , he could make a difference . That 's what spurred him to go to ISIS-controlled territory in Syria , as he explained in an October video shot shortly before he ventured over the Turkish border . "  Syrian people suffering three years and a half . It 's enough , " said Goto , 47 . "  So I would like to get the story of what ISIS wants to do . " Alaaeddin Al Zaim , who had worked with Goto in Syria previously , says he warned him not to enter the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa . "  I tell him it 's not safe for you , " Al Zaim told CNN . But Goto went anyway . He said , according to Al Zaim , "  I am not American , I am not British . I 'm Japanese . I can go . " The aims and activities of Yukawa , a 42-year-old unemployed widower , are murkier . He originally headed to the war-ravaged country early last year to gain combat and survival experience to bolster his plans to set up a private security company , said his friend Nobuo Kimoto . There , Yukawa met Goto , who gave him insights on how to survive there , Kimoto said . Goto also introduced him to rebel fighters , who are distinct from ISIS , though both are fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . Some of the rebels talked about their need for ambulances to shuttle the wounded . That plea spurred Yukawa to start raising money for this cause after returning to Japan , according to Kimoto . Kimoto said he advised his friend to focus on building up his private security company . Before he went back to Syria in July -- a month before his reported capture -- Yukawa told his friend about his clear sense of purpose when he was in that tumultuous Middle Eastern nation , despite all its violence and other travails . "  I felt a chill when he said , after returning home ,  that  he felt in Syria he was really living a life , " Kimoto said . "  He seems to have felt satisfaction being there and living together with the locals . " CNN 's Ali Younes , Yoko Wakatsuki , Junko Ogura , Jethro Mullen and Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report .	Japanese and U.S. authorities say the video seems authentic Hostage Kenji Goto holds a photo of what appears to be beheaded compatriot Haruna Yukawa ISIS is now demanding the release of a prisoner in Jordan in exchange for Goto
CNN  -- In the days and weeks ahead , we hope to learn more that will help us understand the tragedy that befell Virginia State Sen. R. Creigh Deeds and his family last week . On Friday , Deeds was released from the hospital four days after his son Austin "  Gus " Deeds stabbed him repeatedly before shooting himself to death . Mental health officials initially said that after a psychological evaluation for the younger Deeds , they had been unsuccessful in finding a bed at a psychiatric hospital for him . But nearby hospitals later said that they had available space but were never contacted . The state of Virginia is investigating the matter and also conducting a review of state and local mental health services to determine if changes are needed . Much is still not known about that sad incident . But what we do know is that mental health care is an area that remains underserved ; many who need care do not get it . For years , the mental health system has suffered from shortages of funding and political attention . Of the estimated one in five people who experience a mental health challenge each year , about 60 % receive treatment . While the one-in-five number includes depression , anxiety , insomnia , eating disorders and substance use , it is important to note that those are the issues that people report to their doctors when they do seek help . Sometimes these symptoms indicate that there is a more serious problem that , if treated early , it can be key to preventing a disorder from reaching a crisis or leading to disability . The mental health system in the United States is fragmented , and reductions in public mental spending have resulted in severe shortages of services , including housing and community-based services . Since 2008 , more than $ 4.5 billion has been cut from state budgets nationwide , and there are unmeasured challenges brought about by sequestration . These include reductions in block grants to the states for mental health and justice initiatives and cuts to Indian Health Services , which have resulted in fewer mental health counselors being hired . These cuts have placed even greater demands on programs that provide community treatment and crisis services . And while we do n't know whether these difficulties played any role in the Deeds incident , we do know that years of discrimination toward people with mental health conditions has contributed to confusion about how to access care and often resulted in denied care . Fortunately , there has been significant progress in removing barriers and expanding and equalizing insurance coverage . The Affordable Care Act includes mental health care and substance use treatment as one of its 10 essential health benefits . That sends a strong message about the importance of mental health to overall health and wellness . Coupled with the just-released final regulations for the Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008 , these changes will greatly improve access to care . We know that acute mental health inpatient services are very expensive , just as they are for the medical/surgical side of the health care equation . In recent years , there have been reductions in the number of community hospitals providing psychiatric care , as well as shortened stays . Treatment is increasingly being delivered in alternative/outpatient settings , as is the case for health care in general . This is not necessarily a bad thing , as long as coordinated community-based treatments are available . Community-based care , particularly when coupled with coordinated and supportive services similar to what is provided for other health conditions , produces better outcomes , helps people recover and reduces overall societal and medical costs . As part of their Medicaid plans , states such as Pennsylvania and Georgia are offering programs that provide alternatives to traditional services . They not only work well , they also cost less than not providing mental health services . For example , rather than having people experience long waits in overcrowded emergency rooms or forcing them to travel long distances , mobile crisis services are coming to adults and children  and their families  in their own homes in places as diverse as rural North Carolina , Minnesota and Tennessee , as well as in some of the nation 's largest urban centers , including Los Angeles and Philadelphia . We know that community alternatives to traditional hospitalization are proving effective . In Lincoln , Nebraska , with its Keya House ; at Rose House serving people in the counties north of New York city ; and in multiple sites across Georgia , peer support and respite centers provide hospital diversion , a safe place for people in crisis and ongoing support to those at risk for a mental health crisis . Even New York City has recently added crisis alternative services . Legislators must make the commitment to restore the cuts to state mental health budgets . More state Medicaid plans and private insurance must add certified peer specialists to their plans to let people with state-provided nonclinical training help others stay on their medications and build social supports . Municipalities must better coordinate their mental health services and increase the number of mobile and alternative crisis services , and all community members need to understand that mental health is essential to overall wellness . We know what we need to do to head off tragedies and improve the quality of life for people with mental health conditions , and their loved ones . We need to find the political will to ensure that we address mental health with the same degree of attention as other health conditions , and provide the means and mechanisms to pay for it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Debbie F. Plotnick .	Debbie Plotnick : Much not known about Deeds incident , but mental health implicated She says mental health care inadequate in U.S. , particularly with painful funding cuts She says Obamacare , Mental Health Parity Act will help , but community effort needed Plotnick : Restored funding , along with peer support , coordinated services essential
CNN  -- In early 2000 , shortly after Al Gore beat Bill Bradley by a too-close-for-comfort four points in the state 's first-in-the-nation primaries , Ray Buckley , then a New Hampshire state legislator , swung through Washington to have breakfast with a friend in the Clinton administration . As he sat in the White House mess eating pancakes , Buckley was shocked when an aide brought him a note that said President Bill Clinton wanted to see him in the Oval Office . He did n't know Clinton was even aware he was visiting . "  He started grilling me on what towns Gore did well in and did n't do well in . He did n't have a paper in front of him , he just knew . He was asking me ` Why did n't Al do better in Amherst ? ' His understanding of the political landscape of New Hampshire is just amazing , " Buckley , now the chairman of the New Hampshire Democratic Party , told CNN . Clinton is taking that enthusiasm for the Granite State , generated in no small part by the dramatic successes he and his wife have historically secured here , to the state party 's Jefferson-Jackson Dinner in Manchester on Thursday , raising money and encouraging voters in his party to get to the polls on election day . Incumbent Gov. Maggie Hassan has the most comfortable lead in the polls among Democrats running for federal office in New Hampshire . Reps. Carol Shea-Porter and Ann Kuster are in more competitive races as they try to hang onto their House seats . But it 's Sen. Jeanne Shaheen who is getting the most attention . The longtime Clinton ally is running statistically even with Republican Scott Brown , the former senator from Massachusetts , in a race that could determine the balance of power in the senate . "  Bill Clinton is probably the best person for Shaheen , " says Neil Levesque , the executive director of the New Hampshire Institute of Politics and Political Library at Saint Anselm College . "  He 's custom made for a state like New Hampshire that really appreciates someone who can get into the issues . " Clinton 's visit comes one day after Mitt Romney campaigned alongside Brown and with Democratic activists here growing more and more anxious  the state legislature 's return to Republican control looks like a foregone conclusion already  it 's just in time . "  The concern is if there 's anxiety bordering on depression about the bad news not just in New Hampshire but nationally that might stop an activist from working as hard as they might to get out the vote , " says Dante Scala , professor of Political Science at the University of New Hampshire . Clinton 's visit appears to be buoying many Democrats already . With news of his headlining appearance , 1,200 people have purchased tickets to the Jefferson-Jackson Dinner , the biggest crowd since the state party revived it as a fall fundraising event in 1991 . Normally 400-450 Democrats attend . This year , some attendees will be watching Clinton from an overflow room and the normally seated dinner has been scrapped for an earlier buffet-style meal followed by Clinton 's speech to a crowd in a theater-style seating arrangement . New Hampshire has always been friendly to the Clintons and they 're not going to neglect the state as Hillary Clinton eyes another presidential run . In 1992 , just a few days after a tabloid broke a story about Bill Clinton 's affair with an Arkansas state employee named Gennifer Flowers , a surprise second place finish in the New Hampshire primary kept Clinton 's presidential prospects alive . He famously declared that January evening , "  New Hampshire has made Bill Clinton the comeback kid , " and went on to win the state in the general election as well . In 2008 , when Hillary Clinton trailed Barack Obama by double digits in the lead up to the New Hampshire primary , she teared up at a Portsmouth coffee shop as she told a voter who asked how she was faring on the trail , "  I just do n't want to see us fall backwards . This is very personal for me . It 's not just political . " The next day , she answered Obama 's crushing Iowa caucus win with a three point victory in New Hampshire , telling her supporters at her victory rally , "  Now let 's give America the kind of comeback New Hampshire has just given me . " Hillary Clinton will campaign here the weekend before the election , hoping to make a last minute move for Sen. Shaheen and Gov. Hassan . By then , most voters will have made up their minds . But strategists say Clinton can make an effective play for undecided female voters , especially with incumbent Democratic women up and down the ballot . "  She could win this race for Shaheen , " says Levesque . And if she does , the Clintons are betting New Hampshire will remember that in 2016 .	Bill Clinton is speaking at the New Hampshire Democratic Party 's Jefferson-Jackson Dinner on Thursday , Clinton is there in part to support Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , who is up for reelection in a tight Senate bid . Normally 400-450 Democrats attend the dinner , but this year at least 1,200 Democrats have tickets . Clinton 's visit comes one day after Mitt Romney campaigned alongside Shaheen 's opponent Scott Brown .
CNN  -- Miami-area lawmakers are proposing adding a 51st star to the American flag . City of South Miami commissioners have approved a resolution that calls for splitting Florida in half . The resolution outlines a new state , made up of 24 counties in the southern part of the peninsula . The split would be along the Interstate 4 corridor . Specifically , commissioners want Pinellas , Hillsborough , Polk , Orange and Brevard to become the border counties of the state of South Florida . The new state would include the cities of St. Petersburg , Tampa and Orlando -- so Disney World is in , Daytona Beach is out . The 24 counties would include 23,000 square miles , about 40 % of Florida 's present land mass . It would also house 13.4 million people , about two-thirds of the present population . Though the proposal sounds farcical , it highlights the serious issue of rising sea levels , which threaten the southern half of the state . According to the resolution , which passed by a 3-2 vote , North Florida sits 120 feet above sea level , while parts of South Florida are 5 feet or less above sea level . Read the resolution for yourself  PDF The "  situation is very precarious and in need of immediate attention , " according to the resolution , which goes on to say that water levels are expected to rise 3 to 6 feet over the next century . Commissioners said the creation of a 51st state "  is a necessity for the very survival of the entire southern region , " claiming that , "  Often South Florida issues do not receive the support of Tallahassee . This is despite the fact that South Florida generates more than 69 % of the state 's revenue . " The commission directed its clerk to send copies of the resolution to all 24 counties , as well as the cities within those counties , for approval . Florida voters and Congress would need to approve splitting the state .	In resolution , South Miami commissioners propose creating state of South Florida Split would be along Interstate 4 corridor , so Disney World is in , Daytona Beach out It sounds like a joke , but resolution highlights serious issue of rising sea levels Florida voters and Congress would need to approve any measure to split state
CNN  It matters that Disney has chosen to make its newest princess Hispanic . Princess Elena of Avalor , who will debut next year on Disney Junior 's "  Sofia the First , " according to the company , appears to represent a commitment to diversity -- which also happens to be a smart business strategy in a country with a burgeoning Latino population . But most importantly , Elena -- a princess meant to reflect "  diverse Latin cultures and folklore , " says Disney -- will offer young Latina girls an opportunity to see themselves in the media that they consume . Just like other American girls . And they will see a lot of her : Elena will have her own animated series later in 2016 , and will be voiced by the Dominican-born actress Aimee Carrero , according to a Disney press release . In other words : Move over Cinderella , there is a new princesa in town . From Sleeping Beauty to Snow White , the Disney princesses are a staple of pop culture -- fantasy heroines iconic to generations of young girls . Disney has introduced with great fanfare ethnically diverse princesses before : the Asian princess  Mulan  , a Native-American princess  Pocahontas  , a Middle Eastern princess  Jasmine  , and an African-American princess  Tiana  . And they are no longer primarily known for their ethnicity . They are simply seen as Disney princesses The same will likely be true of Elena . What 's crucial , is that all young Disney fans can feel included , visible , and relevant through a multicultural lineup of heroines . By seeing themselves throughout our culture , the next generation of Latinas will feel more fully part of American society . Besides , it could n't hurt for young Latinas have a positive role model , even if she is a fictional character . A 2012 study by the National Hispanic Media Coalition found that TV shows and films often contributed to the public 's negative perception of Latinos . In fact , the Coalition found that the top three ways that non-Latinos viewed Latinos in the media were as criminals , gardeners and maids . Elena also reflects an important recognition by Disney of the power of the Latino consumer market . Last year , the Nielsen Company estimated that U.S. Hispanics have a spending power of $ 1.4 trillion , and companies like Ford , McDonalds , and Wal-Mart have all targeted Hispanic customers . Disney already markets a line of quinceñera dresses , so Elena could be seen as a logical extension of their brand . It can not be lost on Disney that its rival Nickelodeon has enjoyed phenomenal TV and merchandising success with their Latina character Dora the Explorer . Sure , some critics have expressed reservations about Elena , noting that she is not getting her own movie like the other princesses , and that she is on Disney Junior channel , not the more popular Disney Channel . And Disney generated controversy when it debuted "  Sofia the First " in 2013 . Sofia was initially reported to be the first Latina princess , and then the company walked back on comments by a producer and declared that Sofia was not Latina after all . But I think Disney should be applauded for trying again . The enormous reach of the company will ensure that millions of viewers are exposed to an uplifting Latina character . Consider Elena 's series will be rolled out in 25 languages on Disney Junior channels , in 154 countries around the world . That 's a lot of tiaras . It is welcome news that Disney is finally introducing a princess that looks like thousands of little Hispanic girls . Here 's hoping that someday Elena will be seen not just as a Latina princess , but as a character as American as Mickey Mouse .	Raul Reyes : Disney announced new Latina princess , which is laudable , likely profitable in America with growing Hispanic population He says multicultural heroines , like Elena , let Disney fans , like Latina girls , feel more fully part of American society
CNN  There have been a few times in my career when I 've been thoroughly disappointed -- even disgusted -- with my fellow women in the workplace . No , I certainly do n't expect all my female colleagues to go out of their way for me and sing "  Kumbaya " together in the office , but I 'm always stunned when a woman who could have been helpful to me was n't , when a woman who could have been a mentor chose not to be , when a woman tried to hurt me because of her own fear , anxiety or what have you . I 'd love to say more about each of the women I 've met along the way who fit those descriptions , but my point is not to single anyone out . My goal is to ask the question , "  Why ? " Obviously , not all women are like this and there are plenty of men guilty of the same behavior , but why do so many women try to tear each other down instead of lift each other up ? I figured this would be a perfect question for Sophia Nelson , author of a new self-help book for women called "  The Woman Code , " and she did n't disappoint . Unlocking ` The Woman Code ' : 4 tips to know your value "  From the time we 're little girls , we 're taught to compete , " said Nelson during a recent conversation at CNN . "  I need to be prettier , taller , smarter , my hair needs to be straighter , curlier , whatever it is . I need to get the better looking guy . I need to always be better than because we 're taught to come from a place of lack as women . " The way Nelson , an award-winning author and journalist , radio and television personality and motivational speaker , sees it , we women need to start operating like the boys . Men "  operate from a sense of , there 's this whole pie , and I want my piece , and I do n't care if he gets his piece , and maybe we even have to work together to start that business , start that company , " said Nelson . Of course , it 's easier for a man not to worry "  if he gets his piece " since there are plenty of pieces of pie available for men in terms of management positions in corporate America , but that is n't the case for women . Today , just 5 % of S&P 500 chief executives are women and only 14 % of the top five senior leadership positions at those companies are held by women , according to a CNN Money analysis . Sheryl Sandberg teams up with NBA to get men to #LeanIn Decades ago , the situation was even worse . When I was just starting my television news career in 1990 , women who were in their 40s and were in high-level positions were the only women in a position of influence . Naturally , many of them often viewed other women as threats who could take their job . "  Because they did n't think there could be ten of them , they only thought there could be one of them , " said Nelson . "  Fast forward 20 years later . Now there ... are a number of women partners at big firms , a number of women in Congress . I could keep going on and on so ... there is a place for more of us . " Which means we can lift as we climb , we can help our younger sisters and even our cohorts while still moving up and on in our careers , says Nelson . "  How exactly do we do that ? " I had to ask . Nelson came armed with five tips on how women can work with as opposed to against each other . First , Nelson says be mindful of the people you surround yourself with and careful about "  who 's in your row . " "  If you hear another woman say , and I 've heard this , ' I do n't do women friends , I do n't have women friends , ' believe her and leave her alone . I mean that , listen to me now , " said Nelson . There are too many women who believe in the sisterhood of women , so do n't invest any time , if possible , with people who do n't , she says . If you are in a meeting and you have a great idea , do n't feel like you have to hoard it to yourself , said Nelson . "  Collaborate , share , collaborate . ... So you lift other women as you climb by collaborating versus competing . " Competition is healthy and we can compete , but we ought to take a page from our male colleagues ' playbook , she said . "  The guys collaborate better than we do because they operate from a place of ' I want the dollars . I want to win the contract . I want to get the business . ' We have to get in that same mindset . " We 're all busy but we 've got to slow down and mentor , said Nelson . "  We have to build a bench , " she said . "  Men do this well again . You 've seen it in corporate , I 've seen it . The guys go out and golf . They do things together and they 're building up the next young man leader . Whatever field we 're in ... we 're less likely to do it because we 're busy . We 've got to mentor . " When you lift other women as you climb , said Nelson , you realize it 's reciprocal . "  It 's not all about you . " We women win when more women are in executive roles in organizations , I added . "  The right women , " said Nelson . "  I want to caveat that . And again , I do n't mean to be mean or catty but ... I know a lot of women in power positions that do n't help other women but there are a lot of women in power positions that do . " This is a tough one for us , says Nelson . We need to be willing to say to another woman that we did n't like something she did or said and do it in a respectful and private way where we are still building her up , not pulling her down . "  Do n't go tell 10 of your friends not to like her . You 'd be amazed at how silly we can be . We 're still in kindergarten some of us , " said Nelson . "  Gossip is still one of the most rampant , nasty things we do as women to each other . And it hurts . It really damages women . " Why do you think women too often tear each other down instead of help each other in the workplace ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter @kellywallacetv or CNN Living on Facebook .	CNN 's Kelly Wallace wonders why women too often do n't lift each up in the workplace Author of "  The Woman Code " says women need to start operating like the boys Women need to realize they win when they help other women get ahead , says author
CNN  -- Stalk much ? Facebook Breakup Notifier , a new app for the site , is super simple -- and will probably be super popular . It lets users pick certain friends whose relationship status they 'd like to monitor . If one of those relationships changes , the user gets notified by e-mail . "  You like someone . They 're in a relationship . Be the first to know when they 're out of it , " promises the app 's website . So , if that old high school flame suddenly becomes "  single " or the receptionist you 've pined for decides that her on-again , off-again relationship is now "  complicated , " you can swoop right in . Created by developer Dan Loewenherz , the app , at least in concept , definitely has a stalkerish vibe . But among single-and-interested folks , who can deny that the social-networking mega-site is used to keep up with the romantic doings of others ? "  Sure , it 's a little creepy but I imagine that it will be hugely popular , " wrote Martin Bryant for the tech blog TheNextWeb . " -LSB- A -RSB- nd hey , if you 're worried about being stalked maybe you should be more careful about who you approve as a Facebook friend ? " Theoretically , the app could be used by friends who just want to keep up with the love lives of their buddies so they can be there with a pint of ice cream and a shoulder to cry on when things go sour . Theoretically . As of last week , there could be more relationship statuses changing than usual . Facebook added "  in a civil union " and "  in a domestic partnership " to its list of options .	Facebook Breakup Notifier lets users pick friends and monitor their relationship statuses If a relationship status changes , the app notifies the user Facebook just added civil unions and domestic partnerships to its relationship list
CNN  -- A new regional branch of al Qaeda infiltrated Pakistan 's navy and tried to hijack a vessel earlier this month to launch rocket attacks on American ships in the Indian Ocean , a site that monitors terror groups said . It was the first major offensive by the newly formed al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent . The SITE Institute 's monitoring service said the group 's spokesman , Usama Mahmoud , on Twitter compared the Pakistani naval officers involved in the attempted hijacking to Nadal Hasan , the U.S. Army psychiatrist convicted of killing 13 people at Fort Hood . Hasan was sentenced to death by a military court for the November 5 , 2009 , rampage , which authorities said the American-born Muslim carried out because he did not want to deploy to Afghanistan to fight other Muslims . Mahmoud 's tweet on Wednesday said the group sought to avenge the "  bloodshed of Muslims " from Afghanistan to Syria as well as what it called U.S. control and superiority over "  ours straits , our channels and our waters . " The September 6 hijacking attempt of the Pakastani navy vessel PNS Zulfiqar in Karachi ended after a fire fight in which three attackers were killed and seven others arrested , Pakistani Defense Minister Khawaja Asif told parliament on September 10 . A naval officer was killed . "  We can not rule out inside help in this attack because , without it , the miscreants could not breach security , " Asif said . A Pakistani navy source said the investigation is still under way and the attack could be linked to any network . According to SITE , al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent claimed credit for the attack and even posted a picture and schematic of the Pakistani naval ship on Twitter . "  These mujahideen had taken control of the Pakistani ship , and they were advancing towards the American fleet when the Pakistani army stopped them , " said the tweet quoted by SITE . "  As a result , the mujahideen , the lions of Allah and benefactors of the Ummah , sacrificed their lives for Allah , and the Pakistani soldiers spoiled their hereafter by giving up their lives in defense of the enemies of the Ummah the Americans , " the group said on Twitter . After the attack , three naval officials were arrested during a raid on the outskirts of the city of Quetta near the Afghan border . The officials said the suspects were trying to escape to Afghanistan . Earlier this month , al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri , in an effort to reclaim relevancy , announced the creation of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent , led by Asim Umar , which will include at least one faction of the Pakistan Taliban . According to a translation by the SITE Institute , Mahmoud said the group 's basic goals included jihad against America , supporting the Taliban and establishing a caliphate  implicitly rejecting the Caliphate claimed by ISIS leader Bakr al-Baghdadi  . The announcement steps up the philosophical battle between al Qaeda and ISIS about how the dream of the caliphate , to which Muslims the world over would owe allegiance , is achieved . Mahmoud spoke of "  a caliphate where the emirs are proud in their closeness to the honest scholars ... a caliphate in whose shadow even the disbelieving people of dhimma  non-Muslim citizens of an Islamic state  have a life of safety and security . " The last condition was clearly aimed at ISIS and its merciless campaign against non-Muslims and non-Sunni Muslims in both Iraq and Syria . Not to be outdone , ISIS ' propaganda machine recently posted photographs showing residents of the Iraqi city of Nineveh enjoying "  prosperity ... under the shade of the caliphate . " Al-Zawahiri may be counting on the withdrawal of most U.S. combat forces from Afghanistan as his best chance of reviving al Qaeda 's fortunes . Agent Storm : Inside al Qaeda for the CIA CNN 's Sophia Saifi , Elwyn Lopez and Tom Lister contributed to this report .	New al Qaeda branch infiltrates Pakistan 's navy and tries to hijack vessel The plot included plans to launch rocket attacks on U.S. ships in the Indian Ocean , authorities say Attack was first by the newly formed al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- At least four people were killed and 32 wounded as six Baghdad-area churches were bombed within 24 hours , officials told CNN . Family members of Rizko Aziz Nissan grieve before his funeral in Kirkuk , Iraq , on Sunday . The first bombing took place Saturday night at St. Joseph 's church in western Baghdad , according to an Interior Ministry official . Two bombs placed inside the church exploded at about 10 p.m. No one was in the church at the time of the attack . Sunday afternoon , three bombs exploded outside churches , wounding eight civilians , the official said . The bombs detonated within a 15-minute span , between 4:30 and 4:45 p.m. Two of the churches are in central Baghdad 's al-Karrada district , and the third is in al-Ghadeer in eastern Baghdad . Sunday evening , a car bomb exploded outside a church on Palestine Street in eastern Baghdad just after 7 p.m. , the official said . Four people died , and 21 were wounded . Watch how the bombings unfolded " And in southern Baghdad 's Dora district , a bomb outside a church wounded three other civilians . Most of the churches were damaged in the bombings , according to video footage . One Christian Iraqi , interviewed outside Sacred Heart Church -- one of the two in al-Karrada -- said the bomb went off shortly before 5 p.m. , as members were arriving for Sunday evening mass . No one was hurt , Sabhan George told CNN , but the bomb damaged the church building and some cars outside . George said he is concerned about the church bombings . If this continues , he said , "  there will be no Christians left in Iraq . " St. Joseph 's was one of six churches hit by coordinated bombings of Christian houses of worship in Baghdad and Mosul in 2004 . The church is in the al-Jamiaa neighborhood of Baghdad , a former stronghold of al Qaeda in Iraq . There have been recent reports of an increase in targeted attacks in the area . Many of Iraq 's estimated 1 million Christians have fled the country after targeted attacks by extremists . In October , more than a thousand Iraqi families fled the northern city of Mosul after they were reportedly frightened by a series of killings and threats by Muslim extremists , who apparently ordered them to convert to Islam or face possible death . At least 14 Christians were killed in Mosul in the first two weeks of October . Separately , gunmen shot and killed an official in the Iraqi city of Kirkuk on Sunday morning , a local police official told CNN . Using guns with silencers , the assailants opened fire on Rizko Aziz Nissan outside his home in central Kirkuk at 8:15 a.m. Nissan was an Iraqi Christian , but the motives behind his killing were not immediately clear . Kirkuk is 150 miles  240 kilometers  north of Baghdad . CNN 's Youssif Bassil contributed to this report .	NEW : Four dead , 21 wounded in Baghdad church bombing Sunday evening Bombing is one of six at Baghdad churches within 24 hours ; 11 injured at other sites NEW : "  There will be no Christians left in Iraq " if bombings continue , one man says Christian official in Kirkuk shot to death outside his home , police say
CNN  -- For Hasif Nazri , the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 contained a tragic coincidence . Two friends from two different periods of his life -- both unknown to each other -- were on board the flight . But as time goes by , the 33-year-old Malaysian process engineer says hope is fading . "  I was shocked , really shocked to be honest , but now that shock is turning to sadness , " he told CNN . "  Of course , I 'm holding out some hope -- all we can do now is pray . " His former classmate , Mohd Sofuan Ibrahim , also 33 and Malaysian , was scheduled to report for duty at Malaysia 's Ministry of International Trade and Industry branch office in Beijing -- even taking a Facebook photo before he boarded the plane . READ MORE : Still no sign of Flight 370 "  We were at the same residential school and we shared the same dorm and stuck together in the dining hall , " he said . "  He was a good , kind-hearted friend , very helpful , cheerful and definitely no wallflower . He was a very good speaker and teachers remembered him as a very good student . " Nazri then discovered another former classmate , 33-year-old Ch ` ng Mei Ling , was also on board Flight 370 . He said that Mei Ling , a Malaysian national who worked as a process engineer at Flexsys America LP , a manufacturer and supplier of chemicals for the rubber industry based in Ohio , would always be remembered as a "  very cheerful girl . " "  She was very adaptable -- we had a lot of course work that we had to do together and she was very easy to work with , " he said . "  She was also very funny . As a Chinese person she used to like playing with the Malay language ; her laugh was very infectious . " Desperate for information In Mumbai , 23-year-old technology graduate Archit Joshi was also desperately seeking information about his classmate Swawand Kolekar who was listed aboard Flight 370 . He said Kolekar 's family were in Beijing and also desperate for information on their son . "  Swawand was very reserved but very , very intelligent , " Joshi told CNN . "  He was a bit of a techno-freak and he made a lot of circuits and projects at engineering college . "  He did n't have many friends , he was a bit of a loner , but he had all the attributes a good friend should have . " In China , meanwhile , home to most of the 239 people on board , relatives of passengers were increasingly frustrated Monday as the agonizing wait for news continued . More than 100 people signed a hand-written petition demanding "  the truth " from the airline by Sunday evening . They also urged the Chinese government to help them deal with Malaysian authorities . Zhang Guizhi , the aunt of passenger Li Yan , told CNN that she had arrived in Beijing from her native Henan province in central China and remained uncertain about how the airline would help her obtain a passport to travel to wherever the plane is found . She started crying when she mentioned her 31-year-old niece had traveled to Malaysia with her husband and four friends on vacation . "  Still no information and still waiting -- I 'm not happy with the airline 's arrangements so far , " she said . A man who identified himself as the brother-in-law of passenger Ding Lijun said he had just arrived from Tianjin , approximately an hour south-east of Beijing . He teared up when he said Ding had been working in Malaysia as a construction worker for a year and was making his first trip home . Opinion : When passenger jets mysteriously disappear Flights to Malaysia In Kuala Lumpur , Ahmad Jauhari Yahya , CEO of Malaysia Airlines , said the carrier was making arrangements to fly next of kin to the country 's capital as the search for Flight 370 continues . "  We 'll be accommodating them in hotels around Kuala Lumpur , " he said . "  We have made an offer for two next of kin to be flown immediately . " Increasingly frustrated relatives in China , however , continued to demand more information . Some blamed the Chinese government , which they claimed had not come forward . "  I 'm not going home until I know what happened , " said the father of one of the passengers named as Yan Ling . "  We 've lost loved ones and they need to answer our questions . When are you going to tell us and what are you going to do ? We still do n't know if they are alive or dead . " Grief counselors were on hand in Beijing and in Kuala Lumpur to assist relatives . "  We have dispatched about 15 volunteers to Beijing , " said deputy CEO of the Buddhist group Tzu Chi , Sio Kee Hong . "  In Malaysia , we have mobilized about 60 people on a daily basis , 24 hours a day . We have volunteers providing care to the families . "  Those with frustrations , we will be with them physically  and  provide whatever assistance is required ... psychological support is the most important thing at this juncture . " READ MORE : What we know so far	Reports of passengers come in from shocked families and friends One man discovers two separate friends on the passenger manifest Chinese relatives in Beijing increasingly frustrated as they wait for information Malaysia Airlines offers to fly next of kin to Kuala Lumpur as the search continues
Mexico City  CNN  -- Police have captured a man they allege is one of the main producers of methamphetamine for Mexico 's Sinaloa cartel , authorities said . Police detained Jaime "  JH " Herrera in Culiacan , Sinaloa , said Eduardo Pequeno , the head of the anti-drug department of Mexico 's Federal Police . Authorities seized roughly $ 2 million worth of methamphetamine during his arrest , Pequeno said . Herrera was arrested Monday , as a result of intelligence work by federal police , Mexico 's ministry of public security said . Herrera , 43 , is a fugitive in the United States , where he is wanted on several criminal counts , the ministry said , without giving further details . Authorities trace his alleged criminal history to 1996 , as a dealer of synthetic drugs in Los Angeles , and the following year began to produce methamphetamine in his hometown of Culiacan , where he carried out operations until 1999 , the ministry said . Herrera moved his operations closer to the United States , to the border town of Tijuana , before returning to Culiacan by 2002 , the public security ministry alleges . At this time , he began working for the Sinaloa cartel , led by one of the world 's most wanted drug traffickers , Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman . By that time , there was a shortage of chemicals for the production of methamphetamine , which led Herrera to branch out directly to Colombian traffickers , as well as to suppliers in China and Guatemala , the ministry alleges . He is accused of transporting the drugs to the border area with a fleet of three planes and using ground routes to smuggle the drugs to Los Angeles , the ministry said . Following his arrest , he told authorities that he moved several tons of drugs into the United States between 2008 and 2009 , the ministry said . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : An official says authorities seized $ 2 million worth of methamphetamine Suspected methamphetamine producer Jaime "  JH " Herrera is detained in Sinaloa state He is also wanted for alleged trafficking in the United States , government says
CNN  -- When most people look at ISIS , they see the incarnation of evil . Among its many horrific acts , the Islamic militant group beheaded American journalist James Foley and posted the video this week in retaliation for U.S. airstrikes in Iraq . The Pope typically protests violence , but he implied that he supports the use of military force to combat ISIS . Even al Qaeda says ISIS is too violent . Across the political spectrum , public officials and pundits have characterized them as "  savages , " a "  cancer " and the "  face of evil . " Is ISIS evil ? The problem with that question is that the answer is as easy as it is useless . Yes , ISIS is evil and must be stopped . Saying so over and over again could very well make it harder to stop them . There is only one good reason to denounce a group as evil -- because you plan to injure them , and calling them evil makes it psychologically easier to do so . "  Evil " is the most powerful word we have to prepare ourselves to kill other people comfortably . The flip side is that "  evil " is also a word that stops us from thinking . There is no point in trying to understand evil because it is , in the most typical phrasing , "  inhuman , " "  senseless " or "  beyond comprehension . " It is a fool 's quest to analyze the local realities and strategic imperatives of unthinking savages . There is something almost offensive about trying to understand such evil . National Review 's Jonah Goldberg tried to shame those who are trying to think seriously about ISIS . In a recent tweet , he mocked the attempt to understand ISIS in its social and political context , suggesting that we should focus instead on one fact : "  They 're evil . They do obviously evil things for evil ends . " The fact is , there are few things more dangerous now than allowing ourselves to think that way . To resist ISIS and , perhaps more importantly , the larger social forces it represents , the U.S. will need more than a collective psychological readiness to injure , and more than bombs . The Wall Street Journal editorialized that this evil ideology will only be stopped when "  enough of its fanatics have been killed . " But if we 've learned anything as a nation since our "  shock and awe " campaign in Iraq , it is this : While invasions and bombing can be effective in the short term , they are not durable solutions to terror-based violence . Even if U.S. military force could effectively destroy ISIS , there will be similar groups waiting in the wings . If we are to have any hope of preventing the spread of extremist ideologies , we must do more than bomb the believers . We must understand them . We must be willing to continue thinking . How is ISIS able to achieve the support it needs ? What drives people into its ranks ? What social pressures and needs , what political and regional vacuums , make it possible for a group like this to thrive ? We can choose to answer these questions in two ways . We can say they are evil people doing evil things for evil ends . Or we can do the hard work of understanding the context that made them , so that we can create a context that unmakes them . We can analyze the ways its violent tactics are effective for its purposes given the local power dynamics , so that we can also better understand its weak spots . And we can ask how it is that normal men -- men who were not born evil -- get turned into monsters , so that we can work to change the structures that produce terrorists over the long term instead of locking ourselves into an endlessly repeated , short-term policy of "  killing fanatics " until they are gone . Trying to understand something is n't the same as trying to justify or excuse it . That 's a basic mistake , and a costly one . As Jane Harman , president of the Woodrow International Center for Scholars , recently wrote : "  We ca n't counter radical narratives if we do n't understand the motives of the radicalized . " Nonetheless , trying to understand evil is an offense . It is an offense to everything we hold dear , because understanding -- that is , true and effective understanding -- must bring us close to the other , must help us see the world through their eyes . That is a painful , offensive process , and that is exactly what we must do .	James Dawes : Evil is the strongest word we have to prepare ourselves to kill others Dawes : But the flip side is that it 's also a word that stops us from thinking He says even if we can destroy ISIS , there will be other groups waiting in the wings Dawes : If we want to prevent spread of extremism , we must understand the people
CNN  -- No doubt about it , Republicans have latched on to a red hot potato when it comes to the controversy of who-did-what-when in Benghazi . The awful story of a terrible embassy attack , a botched aftermath and finger-pointing about what more could have been done has already been the subject of an exhaustive internal State Department investigation and congressional hearings . And the truth is that mistakes were made , everyone is somehow to blame and four people are dead who should not have died . It 's a terrible mess . It seemed to be settling down a bit until last week . That 's when the State Department -- after a request made under the Freedom of Information Act -- released a memo by a senior White House adviser that tried to "  underscore that these protests are rooted in an Internet video , and not a broader policy failure . " Republicans cried foul , especially when the White House offered the weak explanation that the e-mail was not specifically about Benghazi but rather about the "  general dynamic " of the Muslim world at the time . Never mind that it was written as then-U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice was about to go on Sunday shows to discuss the event . So now comes a congressional inquiry -- a new panel with 7 GOPers and 5 Democrats . This time , it 's the Democrats who are crying foul , and they 're threatening to boycott the committee . I get it : They believe it 's a witch hunt , and they do n't want to participate . Why legitimize it ? Why give it more credence ? Why play into GOP hands ? Here 's why : If you do n't participate , you ca n't defend . And if you ca n't defend -- or explain -- you lose . It 's as simple as that . This is what 's truly going on . This is a short-term political play by Republicans that , they hope , could also have some long-term implications for Hillary Clinton as a presidential candidate in 2016 . After all , this happened on her watch as secretary of state . That job is one of the major line items on her resume . If the public 's assessment of that tenure is called into question , then the value of that job experience is diminished . But there 's a more immediate political play here . Midterm elections are occasions for partisan mobilization , plain and simple . In presidential years , the candidates are about the business of persuading independent voters to give them a shot . In midterm elections , it 's about the partisans . Of the 40 % of the electorate that generally shows up , almost no one is up for grabs . Candidates just need to get their party 's loyalists to turn out . For Republicans , Motivator No. 1 : Obamacare  or Obama  . Motivator No. 2 : Benghazi  or Hillary  . So long as the economy keeps chugging along nicely , these issues become even more paramount . Sure , there 's a danger of overreach . There always is .  See : Bill Clinton and impeachment .  But Republicans are n't worried about that now , because their partisans are , well , partisan . This is a play for November . In presidential elections , there 's often a huge public appetite for a more forward-looking and affirmative candidate with a plan and a positive message and vision . But midterms are different . They 're about partisan bloodletting . So if the Democrats decide to boycott the committee , it 's at their own risk . They will lose out on the conversation , no matter how silly they think it is . They will be uninformed about witnesses , strategies , subpoenas . As Democrats learned during their participation in the "  Fast and Furious " investigation , access to documents is a plus . You can play the game the way you want , leak what you want , tell your own narrative with the facts as you see them . No storyline left behind . If the Democrats boycott , they may see themselves taking the high road . Trouble is , it could lead them nowhere . Follow @GloriaBorger	Gloria Borger : Republicans in Congress name a committee to investigate Benghazi She says Democrats would make a mistake if they go through with boycott of panel Political subtext of Benghazi probe is GOP effort to get voters to turn out in November , she says Borger : If Democrats skip the hearings , they lose their influence , access to evidence
CNN  -- Roger Federer tuned up in perfect style ahead of Wimbledon with a straight sets victory over Alejandro Falla to claim his seventh title at Halle . The 17-time major champion from Switzerland edged a tight encounter with his Colombian opponent 7-6  2  7-6  3  to win on the grass in Germany . Federer 's seventh title means only at Wimbledon has he had as much success , though he 'll be hoping to bag an eighth crown in London later this month . The pair swapped a break each in the opening set before Federer pulled clear in the tiebreak , the second set following a similar pattern . "  It is great to have won seven times here , " Federer the ATP Tour 's official website . "  It is very special and I hope to come back here next year , where it is a -LSB- ATP World Tour -RSB- 500-series event . "  I really enjoy winning titles . It is what I play for , to play and receive a standing ovation at the end . I am very pleased with my performance . "  I work hard and travel the tour to win these titles and not lose in the quarters or semifinals . With all the success I have had in the past , I need to aim for titles . I think I deserved the title this week . " Federer 's record at Halle now reads 45 wins and just five defeats . The 32-year-old has also taken his tally of Tour wins to 79 . "  In the past , when I have played well at Halle I have usually played well at Wimbledon , " added Federer . "  They have been two of my most successful tournaments , so I hope that this title will bring me luck again . "  Last year it did n't work out , but it did many times before . So I hope it will be back to the good old days . " It meant Falla missed the chance to become the first Colombian to win an ATP Tour title since Mauricio Hadad in 1995 "  It 's always tough losing a match , especially a final , " said Falla . "  I wanted to win the title so badly . But when you play Roger in a final , it is always tough . It was a close match . "  I tried my best and fought for every point . I am happy with the way I played today and the tournament overall . I enjoy playing on the grass . "  This tournament gave me a lot of confidence , having won some tough matches . " At Queen 's , Grigor Dimitrov -- known as ` Baby Federer ' -- claimed his first grass court crown after defeating Spain 's Feliciano Lopez in the final at Queen 's club . Theirs was also a tight affair , the Bulgarian being forced to save a match point before eventually prevailing 6-7  8  7-6  1  7-6  6  . Dimitrov , the boyfriend of French Open champion Maria Sharapova , held his nerve as the deciding set also went to a tiebreak , prevailing in a little over two-and-a-half hours . "  Grigor  never gives up , as he showed today , " Lopez told the ATP Tour 's official website "  I think when you face players like Grigor , you know that even playing the way I played today there is a chance to lose because he 's a great player . "  It 's tough to lose when you play such a great match . Overall it was a great week for me . It has been a great preparation for Wimbledon , and hopefully in Eastbourne , next week , I can do well again . "  It 's true that I 'm feeling great . I 'm playing good and hopefully I can continue playing like this for the next two or three weeks . "	Roger Federer claims his seventh title on grass at Halle in Germany Swiss enjoys a straight sets 7-6 7-6 win over Colombian Alejandro Falla The 17-time grand slam champion now has 79 Tour titles to his name Grigor Dimitrov beats Feliciano Lopez to claim the Queen 's title
Every single week for the past 22 years , a group of elderly South Korean women has camped outside the Japanese Embassy in Seoul , enduring the heat and humidity of the region 's monsoonal summer and the sub-zero temperatures of the brutal Korean winter . Why ? They want an apology for being forced into sexual slavery as so-called "  comfort women " by the Japanese military before and during World War II -- an apology that numerous Japanese governments insist has already been publicly given more than two decades ago . It has been almost 70 years since the end of World War II and yet this issue still has the power to derail relations at the very top of these two countries . The issue of "  comfort women " is expected to be discussed when officials from Tokyo and Seoul meet Wednesday in an effort to improve frosty relations ahead of President Obama 's tour of the region next week . Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and South Korean President Park Geun-hye only met for the first time since both taking power last month . And only then because it was organized and led by U.S. President Barack Obama , eager to heal the rifts of his country 's two closest allies in the region . The two governments "  have decided to engage in intensive discussions on various subjects at various levels " to improve conditions surrounding relations , the Japanese foreign ministry said in a statement . The issue of comfort women is an emotive one that ignites passions in both countries . Many of these women have already passed away . Only 55 of those registered with the South Korean government are still alive . A small , but vocal voice within the Japanese opposition has been calling for a revision of the Kono statement made in 1993 -- a statement made by then Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei Kono that accepted Japan 's responsibility for recruiting "  comfort women " and extended "  its sincere apologies and remorse . " It is this statement Hiroshi Yamada of the Japan Restoration Party wants changed . "  We are not saying the Kono statement should be nullified because we dislike it or it is irritating to the Japanese people , " he said . "  Japan had state-run prostitution just like other countries in the world around World War II and we admit that there were unfortunately women working there . " Forgotten faces : Japan 's comfort women ` Deeply pained ' Abe diluted this argument recently when he insisted Japan would not retract its apology . "  I am deeply pained to think of the comfort women who experienced immeasurable pain and suffering , a feeling I share equally with my predecessors , " he said . But the suggestion that up to 200,000 women , mainly Korean , used by the Japanese military , were official prostitutes infuriates the former sex slaves . They insist they were forcibly taken from Korea or tricked into leaving , thinking they were being transferred to other jobs . Kim Bok Dong , 89 , says she was transported to half a dozen countries over eight years by the Japanese military from the age of 14 . "  Every Sunday , soldiers came to the brothel from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. On Saturday , from noon until five , plus weekdays , " she said . "  I could not stand at the end of the weekend . I was physically broken . " Saying the Japanese military destroyed her life , she is furious at the minority in Japan calling the accounts of "  comfort women " into question . "  I think they are mad , " she said at the weekly protest . "  You can not lie with a sane mind . Maybe they are senile to be saying such absurd things . " ` Comfort women necessary ' comment raises concerns Japan-Korea relations The issue remains heavily divisive between the two nations . "  The issue of sex slaves is no longer in the hands of the South Korean government , " said Yang Kee Ho , a professor at Sungkonghoe University in Seoul . "  As long as 55 former sex slaves are alive ... the issue lies in the hands of the South Korean public . They want the Japanese government to acknowledge , apologize , compensate and educate their children that their government has committed the crimes of forcing young Korean girls to sex slavery . "  No South Korean government can ignore or deviate from such national consensus without risking losing public support . " Yang said Japan also disagrees with South Korea 's efforts to make this an international issue , believing it should be dealt with bi-laterally . Wednesday 's meeting between the two countries is certainly a start , but as the first such meeting , one that is expected to reap little in the short term . Hajime Izumi , a professor at Shizuoka University in central Japan , insisted more time and a generational change is needed before a resolution can be hoped for . "  This is not that old an issue , " he said . "  This issue only really came up in the 1990s and Japan and South Korea are looking at the issue from totally different perspectives . They can never agree while there is such a large gap in perception . It may not be resolved for 20 years . " Japanese ex-prime minister meets comfort women Another voice lost , Korean ` comfort woman ' dies	Japan and Korea to meet Wednesday to discuss "  various subjects " One of the topics divisive between two countries is comfort women Only 55 of those registered with South Korean government as comfort women are alive
CNN  -- A cheating scandal at Harvard College just got bigger , and this time the focus is flipped : Administrators , not students , are under fire . On Monday , the school apologized for the way it handled a secret search of the e-mail accounts of resident deans . It conducted the search in an effort to find who leaked information about the scandal to the media last year . "  While the specific document made public may be deemed by some as not particularly consequential , the disclosure of the document and nearly word-for-word disclosure of a confidential board conversation led to concerns that other information -- especially student information we have a duty to protect as private -- was at risk , " said a statement from Deans Michael D. Smith and Evelynn M. Hammonds . "  Consequently , with the approval of the dean of FAS  Faculty of Arts and Sciences  and the University General Counsel , and the support of the dean of Harvard College , a very narrow , careful , and precise subject-line search was conducted by the University 's IT department , " they added . Smith and Hammonds stressed that the search was limited to administrative accounts , and that it did not involve a review of e-mail content . Harvard students forced to withdraw amid cheating scandal "  To be clear : No one 's e-mails were opened and the contents of no one 's e-mails were searched by human or machine , " they said . The search successfully identified a resident dean , who had forwarded a confidential e-mail . However , after review , school officials determined the dean in question had committed "  an inadvertent error and not an intentional breach " by sending the message to two students . Other resident deans were not told of the search , which was first reported by The Boston Globe . "  Operating without any clear precedent for the conflicting privacy concerns and knowing that no human had looked at any e-mails during or after the investigation , we made a decision that protected the privacy of the resident dean who had made an inadvertent error and allowed the student cases being handled by this resident dean to move forward expeditiously , " Smith and Hammonds said . "  We understand that others may see the situation differently , and we apologize if any resident deans feel our communication at the conclusion of the investigation was insufficient , " they added . News of the secret search drew immediate criticism from some members of Harvard 's faculty . Harry Lewis , a professor and former dean of Harvard College , said on his blog that he will likely move most of his personal e-mails to another account , keeping his Harvard address just for business . He described the way the school handled the case as dishonorable . "  Why not tell people you are reading their e-mail ? Would it not be the honorable thing to do ? What is to be gained by not doing that ? Other than avoiding , perhaps , the embarrassment of acknowledging that you are doing something to which the targets would reasonably object if they knew it , " he wrote . Attempts to contact Harvard for details on Monday on the search and the handling of it were unsuccessful . Last month , the school announced that more than half the students implicated in the cheating scandal had been required to withdraw for a time . More than a hundred students were investigated for plagiarism or for having "  inappropriately collaborated " on a course 's take-home , open-book spring final exam . The class was Government 1310 : Introduction to Congress , according to The Harvard Crimson , the school 's student newspaper . Many of those who were not forced to withdraw faced disciplinary probation at the Ivy League institution in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and the remaining were cleared . CNN 's Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Harvard searches the administrative accounts of resident deans College says it was looking for the source of a leak amid a cheating scandal News of the search draws immediate criticism from some members of Harvard 's faculty
EW.com  -- "  Bully , " the controversial documentary that was handcuffed with an R rating by the MPAA , will be released in theaters as an unrated film , The Weinstein Company announced today . "  The small amount of language in the film that 's responsible for the R rating is there because it 's real , " said director Lee Hirsch . "  It 's what the children who are victims of bullying face on most days . All of our supporters see that , and we 're grateful for the support we 've received across the board . I know the kids will come , so it 's up to the theaters to let them in . " TWC had mounted an aggressive effort to persuade the MPAA to reverse its initial ratings verdict . Nearly half a million people signed a petition from Katy Butler , Michigan high school student and former bullying victim , on Change.org to urge the MPAA to lower the rating . "  The kids and families in this film are true heroes , and we believe theater owners everywhere will step up and do what 's right for the benefit of all of the children out there who have been bullied or may have otherwise become bullies themselves , " said TWC president of marketing Stephen Bruno . "  We 're working to do everything we can to make this film available to as many parents , teachers and students across the country . " "  Bully , " which tells the stories of several children who were victimized by classmates , will be released in theaters on Friday , March 30 , at the Angelika Film Center and AMC Lincoln Square in New York and at the Landmark , ArcLight Hollywood , and AMC Century City in Los Angeles . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Weinstein Company has decided to release "  Bully " on Friday unrated TWC had mounted an aggressive effort to persuade the MPAA to reverse its initial ratings verdict "  Bully , " tells the stories of several children who were victimized by classmates
CNN  -- International diplomats are meeting Thursday in Gabon for talks aimed at resolving a brewing crisis in the Central African Republic , where rebels are threatening the capital . The discussions in the Gabonese capital , Libreville , come a day after the United Nations called on the C.A.R. government and rebels to end violence and turn to dialogue . Diplomats from the United States and Japan are expected to meet separately with Nassour Guelendouksia Ouaido , secretary general of the Economic Community of Central African States , a spokesman for the regional body said . Read more : Amid unrest , African Union chief arrives in Central African Republic Josue Binoua , minister of territorial administration and decentralization for the C.A.R. , told CNN that a meeting between C.A.R. President Francois Bozize and the rebel group , organized by the ECCAS , might also take place next week in Gabon , on Africa 's western coast . The ECCAS has taken a leading role in trying to stabilize the situation in the inland African nation , where simmering unrest has prompted international concern . Rebels , angry with the government , have staged attacks in the past month , although they appear to have halted their advance this week toward the country 's capital and largest city , Bangui . Central African Republic : Government officials , rebels to hold talks The volatile situation spurred demonstrations last week in Bangui , with protesters urging foreign intervention to stop rebels from entering the city . The United Nations is continuing to follow the situation in the country "  with serious concern , " U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said in a statement Wednesday . "  We are calling on both the government and the rebels to focus on dialogue that can avert violence and lead to a peaceful resolution and respect for the Libreville Comprehensive Peace Agreement , " he said , referring to a 2008 treaty . "  We welcome regional efforts to seek a political solution and to reinforce security , " Nesirky said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's special representative Margaret Vogt is in close contact with key parties in the Central African Republic and the region , he added . Read more : U.S. diplomats leave Central African Republic Nesirky said the United Nations was aware of reports coming from the region about possible negotiations between the government and rebels , but did not confirm they would take place . The U.N. Security Council issued a statement last week calling on all parties to refrain from violence against civilians , respect human rights and seek a peaceful solution . In a statement Wednesday , South Africa said it was also "  gravely concerned " about tensions in the country . "  We demand that the armed groups immediately cease hostilities , withdraw from captured cities and cease any further advances towards the city of Bangui , " said Clayson Monyela , a spokesman for the Department of International Relations and Cooperation . South Africa wants all parties to work toward a negotiated solution and welcomes the commitment of Bozize to do so , he said . Pretoria sent its defense minister to the Central African Republic on Monday to "  assess the situation , " the statement added . The ongoing unrest has prompted the United Nations to relocate dependents and nonessential staff from the country and the U.S. Embassy in Bangui to shut down operations . The U.S. State Department said last week that its ambassador and diplomatic team had left the capital , but that the United States was not cutting off diplomatic relations with the turbulent African nation . Bozize last week asked for other nations ' help in staving off rebel advances that threaten his rule . Bozize specifically called on France -- which ruled his country , then as a colony known as Ubangi-Shari , until it gained independence in 1960 -- and the United States to help ensure "  the rebels return home ... instead of destroying and killing Central Africans . "	Diplomats from central Africa , the United States and Japan are meeting for talks They are seeking a resolution to simmering unrest in the Central African Republic Rebels , angry with the government , have staged attacks in the past month The government has appealed for international help to stave off rebel advances
AP  -- The world 's largest jetliner made aviation history Thursday , completing its first commercial flight from Singapore to Sydney with 455 passengers , some of them ensconced in luxury suites and double beds . Australians Tony and Julie Elwood share a romantic moment on their double bed in an exclusive suite aboard the Airbus 380 . The Airbus superjumbo lifted off from Singapore 's Changi Airport and landed about seven hours later in Sydney . Also aboard Flight SQ380 was a crew of about 30 , including four pilots . Flight attendants handed out champagne and certificates to passengers , some of whom paid tens of thousands of dollars in an online auction for seats . "  I have never been in anything like this in the air before in my life , " said Australian Tony Elwood , reclining with his wife , Julie , on the double bed in their private first-class suite . "  It is going to make everything else after this simply awful , " he said , sipping Dom Perignon champagne after a lunch of marinated lobster and double boiled chicken soup . He paid $ 50,000 for the two places . The double-decker A380 ends the nearly 37-year reign of the Boeing 747 jumbojet as the world 's most spacious passenger plane . Its European manufacturer , Airbus SAS , also claims that the A380 is the most fuel efficient and quietest passenger jet ever built . Thomas Lee , who was also on the Boeing 747 's first commercial flight from New York to London in 1970 , described the latest experience as "  spectacular ... fantastic ... incredible . " "  It was a festive atmosphere , I can tell you . Everybody was excited . People were up out of their seats in the aisle . It was quite difficult for the cabin crew to do their job ... not like a normal flight I can assure you , " he said . The A380 was delivered to Singapore Airlines on Oct. 15 , nearly two years behind schedule after billions of dollars in cost overruns for Airbus . Still , the wait was worth it , says Singapore Airlines , which got the exclusivity of being the plane 's sole operator for 10 months . "  This is indeed a new milestone in the timeline of aviation , " said Chew Choon Seng , chief executive of Singapore Airlines  SIA  in a speech before the departure . The Boeing 747 jumbo jet generally carries about 400 passengers . The A380 -- as tall as a seven-story building with each wing big enough to hold 70 cars -- is capable of carrying 853 passengers in an all-economy class configuration . However , Singapore Airlines opted for 471 seats in three classes -- 2 Singapore Airlines Suites , 60 business class and 399 economy class . Each suite , enclosed by sliding doors , is fitted with a leather upholstered seat , a table , a 23-inch flat screen TV , laptop connections and a range of office software . A separate bed folds up into the wall . Two of the suites can be joined to provide double beds , one of which the Elwoods occupied . On the upper deck , business class seats can turn into wide flat beds , while the economy class seats on both decks have more leg and knee room , the carrier says . Business class passengers also have a bar area . Francis Wu , a student from San Francisco who turned 22 on the flight , was updating his journal on the in-flight computer system when airline crew surprised him with a white chocolate cake and a song . "  This is the best birthday I have ever had in my whole life , " he said . SIA auctioned most of the seats on the inaugural flight on eBay , raising $ 1.26 million for charity . The highest bidder was Briton Julian Hayward who bought two suite seats for $ 100,380 . He was the first passenger to board . SIA has ordered 19 of the A380s , hoping to benefit from a boom in air travel that has seen global air traffic growing 5 to 10 percent a year . Dubai-based Emirates , Airbus ' largest A380 customer with 55 on order , will take its first delivery in August . Not all analysts are convinced that the plane , which has a list price of $ 320 million , will be a success . "  I see there 's some demand for the A380 , but it 's an expensive way to address a small market , " said Standard & Poor 's Equity Research analyst Shukor Yusof . Shukor said the market was set to be dominated by mid-sized , long haul two-engine aircraft such as the rival Boeing 787 Dreamliner , which offers greater fuel efficiency than four-engine jets of the same size . He pointed out that orders for the 787 have exceeded 700 . The A380 has received 165 orders to date . Shukor noted that Singapore Airlines renews its fleet frequently to maintain an average age of about six years . Once the planes are older than six years , Singapore Airlines might have trouble selling them , he said . "  What would happen if the plane did n't meet their expectations , say , in a year ? Would SIA be tempted to sell it ? What is the secondary value of the plane ? It has not been commercially tested yet , " Shukor said . E-mail to a friend	World 's largest jetliner made aviation history flying from Singapore to Sydney The double-decker A380 is billed as the world 's most spacious passenger jet Passengers lounged in luxury suites with beds , flatscreen TVs , gourmet food Some paid tens of thousands of dollars for seats on the historic flight
The family of a Texas convict executed for the deaths of his three daughters in a 1991 fire launched a new effort to clear his name Wednesday by asking the state parole board for a posthumous pardon . Cameron Todd Willingham was put to death in 2004 for setting the fire that killed the girls : Amber , Karmon and Kameron . But three expert reviews have concluded Willingham 's conviction was based on evidence of arson that was outdated , and his family has insisted on his innocence . "  An error was made , and it is not too late to clear it up , " the family 's lawyers wrote in a petition filed with the state Board of Pardons and Paroles in Austin . Willingham and his family "  deserve more , " and "  perhaps more importantly , the State of Texas deserves more . " Junk science ? Inmates fight to disprove arson The board denied clemency for Willingham before his execution , dismissing the first of three reviews that questioned the arson finding at the heart of Willingham 's prosecution . Two subsequent studies have reached the same conclusion , finding that most of the signs investigators looked for as proof the fire was deliberately set had been rendered obsolete by a series of studies in the 1990s . The last study was produced for the Texas Forensic Science Commission , which began looking into the Willingham case in 2008 . A subsequent shakeup of the commission by Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who allowed Willingham 's execution to go forward , led to accusations that the governor was trying to derail the investigation . Perry has called Willingham a "  monster " whose conviction withstood every appeal . Police and prosecutors in Corsicana , where the fire occurred , also stand by their case . Willingham professed his innocence in his final statement , but his ex-wife has said he confessed to killing the girls before the execution . A jailhouse informant who testified in his trial has recanted his statement that Willingham admitted to setting the fire , and a now-retired judge who sat on the state court that rejected Willingham 's appeal has written that the execution was "  a miscarriage of justice " for which he was partly responsible , the family noted in its petition . The Forensic Science Commission 's investigation effectively ended in 2011 , when a state attorney general 's opinion sharply restricted the panel 's jurisdiction . Goldstein said going to the pardons board -- whose members are Perry appointees -- was "  one of the last resorts " the family has , but added , "  This is about righting a wrong . " "  This is n't about finger-pointing . It 's not about blaming anyone . It 's about giving a man his good name back , " he said . "  He died with little else but his name , and we took that from him . " Harry Battson , a spokesman for the pardons board , said the agency 's staff will review the petition , notifying trial officials and surviving victims and preparing a file for board members . Applications typically take three to four months to process , he said . Film questions Texas death penalty arson case	Cameron Todd Willingham was executed in Texas in 2004 His family has asked the state parole board for a posthumous pardon Fire experts have said there was no evidence he set the fire that killed his daughters Prosecutors have insisted on his guilt , and Gov. Rick Perry has called him a "  monster "
CNN  In a world where the niche-hip is elevated to cultural elite on a weekly basis , it was probably inevitable : the humble taco truck has gone Hollywood . With the 2014 release of his critically acclaimed film , "  Chef , " writer , director , actor Jon Favreau  "  Iron Man , " "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " "  Swingers "  tracks the journey of a fictional food truck and its quick-tempered chef on its rise from Miami obscurity peddling Cubano sandwiches to a place in the Los Angeles culinary pantheon . If you think this is a quaint little movie about a minor trend , consider the group that showed up at its table . A-listers who appear in the movie include Dustin Hoffman , Scarlett Johansson , Robert Downey Jr. , John Leguizamo and Sofia Vergara .  As a softie supportive ex playing against hot-headed-temptress type , Vergara might be the most satisfying surprise ingredient in the film . Favreau , who wrote , directed and stars in the film as chef Carl Casper , drew inspiration from real life . "  The food truck scene has definitely become emblematic of Los Angeles , " Favreau tells CNN . "  It mixes up Mexican , Korean , Jewish , health food ... every kind of culture here . It 's a reflection of and a recombination of the foods and culture that make up the tapestry of L.A. "  I eat at as many food trucks as I can . " Roy Choi a must get As soon as he finished his script for the film , Favreau says he sought out the consultation services of chef Roy Choi , the unrivaled boss of L.A. 's still-booming food truck scene . In 2008 , Choi created the now ubiquitous Korean barbecue taco and launched it from a truck he dubbed Kogi . Today , Kogi operates four trucks that roam the city . Imitators of Choi 's famed Korean barbecue tacos  two crisp corn tortillas , caramelized Korean barbecue short rib meat , salsa roja , cilantro-onion-lime relish , Napa Romaine slaw , chili-soy vinaigrette  can now be found from New York to Hong Kong to Amsterdam . Rather than being annoyed by the doppelgangers , Choi says he 's honored . "  A lot of them  Korean-taco vendors  are putting their own spin on it , " he says . "  They do n't call themselves Kogi , so it 's a form of love . " "  DJs all have the same music , the same beats to choose from , it 's which ones you choose and how you mix them up that makes you an original , " adds Favreau . "  Food trucks are our bootleg tapes . " Humble sizzle L.A. 's food trucks are an extension of Southern California 's long-established "  taco trucks . " These are typically plain white trucks that sell cheap and freshly made tacos , quesadillas and other Mexican "  fast food . " Modern "  food trucks " -- sometimes owner-operated  as in "  Chef "  , sometimes run by larger business entities -- have taken the mobile food concept and expanded the menu options considerably . You can now buy everything from acai bowls to greasy burgers to Maine lobster from food trucks . The shared lineage means the terms "  taco truck " and "  food truck " are sometimes used interchangeably -- but should n't be mistaken for the similar-in-appearance white "  catering trucks "  known colloquially as "  roach coaches "  that pull up to construction sites , warehouses and office buildings selling pre-packaged sandwiches , bags of chips , candy and beverages to workers . Apps track trucks Food trucks travel the city and park at different places and times each day or week . Of several apps that have been launched to help track their movements , Roaming Hunger is among the most popular . Many trucks operate their own websites to let fans know where they 'll be on any given day and time . Kogi , whose four trucks cover all of Los Angeles County , updates its site daily and covers various social media bases . From the start , social media has been instrumental in the rise of food trucks . Kogi was established in 2008 , shortly after Twitter began to gain mass popularity . Choi used Twitter to help build interest in his fledgling operation . One of the most famous results was the day he parked his truck at midnight on the campus of UCLA during finals week . When he arrived he found almost a thousand students lined up for his tacos . "  Twitter , that 's why Kogi blew up , " he says . In "  Chef , " Favreau imitates the model , with the lead character 's El Jefe food truck getting a huge boost from Twitter popularity . Four-star parking lot At L.A. 's The Brig parking lot  1515 Abbot Kinney Boulevard , Venice Beach  , a food truck rally is held the first Friday night of each month , usually starting from 6 p.m. . More than a dozen trucks descend on the parking lot , selling everything from grilled cheese sandwiches to Spam musubi to cupcakes . The parking lot , which Favreau calls "  ground zero of the L.A. food truck movement , " is where Choi first parked his Kogi truck in Los Angeles . Show up for a First Friday event at The Brig and you 'll see exactly how Hollywood food trucks have gone since then . Through the crowd of eaters , a squad of valet parkers rushes out to park your car -- while you visit a parking lot . Only in L.A. ? Possibly . But it 's a critical darling that just may be coming soon to a parking lot near you . Have you got a favorite food truck in Los Angeles or another city ? Share your pick in the comments .	Director and actor Jon Favreau says the food truck scene has become emblematic of Los Angeles Food truck pioneer Roy Choi says he 's honored by the numerous imitators of his Korean taco-serving Kogi venture In L.A. , the Brig parking lot on Venice Beach attracts food truck fans to a rally on the first Friday of each month
CNN  -- Neighbors said the house on Vermont Street in Brooklyn 's East New York neighborhood had been vacant for years . Three years ago the now-defunct predatory lending bank Countrywide refused to renegotiate the ballooning interest rate on a mortgage filled with hidden clauses and traps . Instead , Countrywide sold the mortgage to Bank of America , which , in turn , initiated foreclosure proceedings . In the East New York neighborhood , one of the poorest parts of the United States , more than 16 per 1,000 homes are in foreclosure , the highest rate in New York City and one of the highest nationwide . Banks are foreclosing on homes at rates far faster than they can sell them . In a report released this week , the Government Accountability Office , the independent research arm of Congress , found an increasing percentage of homes are going unused due to high rates of foreclosure and unemployment : "  Nonseasonal vacant properties have increased 51 % nationally from nearly 7 million in 2000 to 10 million in April 2010 , with 10 states seeing increases of 70 % or more , " the report said . In our down housing market , most foreclosed homes sit vacant for years and , neglected by the banks , fall into disrepair and further blight neighborhoods . You can literally walk down any block in East New York and see every sixth house or so boarded up . One study in Los Angeles estimated that , between 2008 and 2012 , all homeowners will lose $ 78.8 billion in home values due to foreclosure rates and blighted homes in their neighborhoods . Meanwhile , Tasha Glasgow has spent much of the last decade without a home , in and out of New York City 's shelter system . Glasgow has an 8-year-old daughter with severe autism and a 5-year-old son . Struggling to find work while struggling to care for her kids , Glasgow thought her luck might change earlier this year when she received a voucher from the New York City government that would allow her to move out of the shelter system . But then , she says , that vital helping hand was abruptly pulled away , the voucher cut by Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's recent austerity measures . This brings us to the newest front in the Occupy Wall Street movement : matching needy homes to needy families . This week , Occupy Wall Street organizers moved Glasgow and her family into the vacant Vermont Street home now owned by Bank of America . It only makes sense . Pulling the strings of Washington and using our tax dollars , big banks orchestrated a massive bailout for themselves but continue to offer no relief to homeowners suffering under the bad loans they made and the bad economy they created . In the last several years , homelessness in New York City has jumped 45 % . Meanwhile , in 2009 when the unemployment rate in the city was 10.1 % , unemployment topped 19.2 % in East New York . Those who argue that Wall Street should be coddled while people in places like East New York have to pull themselves up by their own bootstraps have an unrealistic grasp of the depths of America 's inequality . How can people like Tasha Glasgow pull herself up by her own bootstraps when she ca n't even afford boots ? So the Occupy movement may be finding its next phase in helping struggling Americans across the United States keep their homes out of foreclosure or occupy vacant homes that have been foreclosed . Eviction defenses and occupations are planned in more than 20 cities . And the idea is catching on beyond organized protests . In Atlanta this week , police and movers refused to evict a 103-year-old woman from her home when the bank foreclosed on it . Of course , if you think foreclosing on a 103-year-old woman  and her 83-year-old daughter  is heartless , ask yourself at what age is it ever acceptable to kick struggling families out of their homes in a bad economy , only to leave the houses vacant and decaying ? You can say that 's just how banks work , like it or not . But that 's the same excuse for why corrupt lenders like Countrywide initiated loans with terms so bad that its managers found themselves under criminal investigation . It 's the same excuse for the banks causing the housing crisis and crashing our economy by making bad bets on subprime loans , and then begging the government to cover their losses . This is not capitalism . This is an anti-free market manipulation of our economy to benefit the 1 % while hurting the rest of us . The United States economy , as Wall Street has rigged it , violates the principle of capitalism proffered by Adam Smith and the ideal of equal opportunity enshrined by our founders . To "  rescue " our economy , we let big banks write down their bad debt . So , to rescue homeowners , banks must write down underwater mortgages , helping homeowners adjust the principle of their loans to reasonable , pre-bubble levels , keep families in their homes and stabilize the housing market . Millions of Americans have lost their homes . In 2010 alone , banks filed a record 3.8 million foreclosures . Totals for 2011 are expected to be even higher . Many people are living on the couches of relatives or spending their savings on low-end motel rooms or are homeless . A 2010 study by the U.S. Conference of Mayors in 26 cities found the rate of homelessness had jumped a startling 9 % . But the Occupy movement is bringing some hope and opportunity back to our nation , restoring the idea that our economy and our political system can and must work for the 99 % . Granted , helping homeowners stop eviction orders and helping homeless families occupy empty , bank-owned homes is a short-term strategy , but one that will hopefully draw public attention to the injustice of millions of foreclosed homes and millions of homeless families , an injustice that banks could easily have addressed if they cared about our nation and our economy a fraction as much as they care about their bottom lines . Anyone who argues the Occupy movement is n't "  clear about its demands " should talk with Tasha Glasgow . Washington 's hands are tied by Wall Street and wo n't budge to create jobs , force the banks to adjust mortgages and cutour monstrous inequality . So it 's up to we , the people , taking empty homes from banks that have already taken too much from all of us and giving them to hardworking and needy families . In doing so , the Occupy movement is not only creating opportunity for more and more Americans but also creating a home for the 99 % in a political and economic system that has far too often kicked us all to the curb . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Sally Kohn : Vacant building in Brooklyn represents new front for Occupy Wall Street She says organizers match foreclosed homes with needy families to redress inequality She says banks bailed out by taxpayers coldly foreclose , homes empty , homelessness up Kohn : Since D.C. wo n't force banks to find solution , Occupy movement will step into breach
PALLAVAKAM , India  CNN  -- South India 's sun beats down on a long line of trucks wending to the Bay of Bengal . In the back of these trucks , giant , brightly painted statues of the Hindu god Ganesha are waiting to be dropped in the nearby ocean . Ganesha worshippers transport their Idol for an immersion ritual . All over India , Hindus recently celebrated the birthday of the elephant god and now the idols made for this festivity are being taken to India 's ocean , rivers and lakes and deposited . It 's part of the Hindu religious cycle . But it 's also a huge source of pollution . And in recent years , idol immersion has become a popular local event , with some statues so huge they must be lifted by cranes . The Ganeshas gleam with gold paint and glisten with reds , pinks and greens . But scientists who 've studied the problem say these paints often contain toxic metals , such as lead and mercury . They contaminate plants , and poison fish and irrigation and drinking water . They end up in the human food chain . The problem is not just caused by idols of Ganesha , but by the many other Hindu god idols as well , such as Saraswati and Durga . Hundreds of thousands of god idols are immersed every year in festivals across India . A detailed study of the problem has been done by Shyam R. Asolekar of the Indian Institute of Technology in Bombay . He estimates that , in the city of Mumbai alone , several hundred thousand idols are made annually . Watch a Hindu immersion ritual " Decades ago , there were far fewer idols and idols were made of mud and biodegradable materials , Asolekar said . The effect also was "  minimal " he said , because waterways were n't linked as they are now . As a result of water and irrigation projects , "  connected water systems and dams have reduced the flow of water " and dramatically increased the effect of pollution . According to Asolekar 's study , "  Forbidding the disposal of painted idols , ornaments and decoration is the only sure way of protecting our water bodies . " Various Indian states are testing out new approaches , such as mobile immersion tanks , and encouraging mud idols . Asolekar dismissed the idea of an eco-friendly idol , saying even large amounts of mud kill waterways . "  The number of idols is so high , " he said , "  no matter what the material , there will always be an impact . Even organic substances in large quantities cause a problem . " He suggests a "  dry immersion , " in which the idol is sprinkled symbolically with water and then later dried for reuse . This approach would face great hurdles in a country where religious rituals have deep social and cultural ties and change comes slowly . Another possible interim measure uses a polymer-lined tank for immersion . More than 100 such tanks have been installed in Mumbai . The linings can be rolled up after use and the materials separated into bio and nonbiodegradable materials for composting and landfill . The water is filtered . But this solution is far from ideal , Asolekar said , as tens of thousands of such tanks would be needed , and there is still plenty of contamination . "  It will take time to change people 's attitudes , " he said .	Hindu ritual of immersing idols in oceans , rivers and lakes is causing contamination Paints on idols often contain toxic metals , such as lead and mercury Pollutants contaminate plants , poison fish and irrigation and drinking water "  Dry immersion " suggested as a solution -- idol is sprinkled symbolically with water
CNN  -- In this period of gloomy economic forecasts , Africa 's rise has become a widely discussed international policy topic . The sweeping optimism about Africa 's economic prospects has been reinforced by 2013 projections that the continent will grow faster than the world average . The content of the growth , however , has been a source of discomfort among African leaders . They worry that this growth is linked to a commodity boom which is fueled largely by China 's demand . Africa 's ability to sustain its current growth will depend largely on how quickly it will be able to shift from reliance on traditional commodity markets to modern economic structures that focus on technology-driven development . The focus on innovation is emerging as a key theme in the Africa Union 's long-term strategy , Agenda 2063 . Read this : 10 African tech startups you need to know The African Union appointed a high-level panel on science , technology and innovation to provide proposals on how the continent can leverage the world 's fund of technological knowledge for economic transformation . The panel is chaired by myself and Professor Ismail Serageldin , director of the Library of Alexandria in Egypt . Building on emerging trends across the continent , the panel 's draft report , "  On the Wings of Innovation : Africa 2024 , " makes key recommendations related to harnessing emerging technologies , constructing basic infrastructure , investing in higher technical training , and promoting entrepreneurship . As a latecomer Africa has the benefit of tapping into vast quantities of technological knowledge available worldwide . The continent 's leapfrogging into the mobile revolution illustrated the power of latecomer advantages . Africa is now the origin of new industries such as mobile money transfer . The mobile revolution is still in its infancy and is already being extended to other sectors such as health , education and agriculture . Biotechnology Another important area that promises to transform Africa is agricultural biotechnology . To date , only four African countries  South Africa , Burkina Faso , Egypt and Sudan  have adopted transgenic crops . African scientists in additional countries such as Uganda , Kenya , Nigeria and Ghana are at the forefront of leveraging biotechnology to address local agricultural challenges . They are focusing on problems such as pests , disease , drought and low nutritional content of staple crops . In addition to technical work , policy makers across the continent are starting to review the laws that govern the same development of biotechnology to create freedom to innovate . This is akin to past efforts to liberalize the telecommunications market to create space for the entry of mobile phones . Biotechnology is already a multi-billion dollar industry and the associated technical knowledge can be adapted to other sectors , such as health , industry and environment management . The experience gained in adopting mobile technologies and biotechnology will make it easier for Africa to move into other fields , such as nanotechnology and new materials . The debate over biotechnology is therefore a strategic battle to position Africa as a global player in the field of new technologies . Infrastructure The draft report focuses on the urgent need to invest in basic infrastructure , such as energy , transportation , irrigation and telecommunications . The World Bank has estimated that the continent will need to invest nearly $ 93 billion a year in the next decade to meet its infrastructure targets . African countries are already starting to respond to the challenge . For example , last year South Africa allocated $ 97 billion to infrastructure projects over the next three years . This magnitude of investment will require considerable creativity that will involve the participation of sectors such as the military . In addition , it offers a new opportunity for building up the much-needed capacity in engineering by creating new research and technical training institutes to support national infrastructure backbones . Read this : Building roads in Africa ? Send in the troops Training "  On the Wings of Innovation " pays particular attention to the importance of technical training of the youth and recommends the creation of a new generation of universities that combine research , teaching and product commercialization . There is a prototype for universities : The Nelson Mandela Institute of African Science and Technology in Arusha , Tanzania . The institute is located in the Ministry of Telecommunications , Science and Technology . Africa 's technology-based line ministries have a wide range of research and technical institutes that can be upgraded to create a new family of universities that promote innovation for economic development . Their success will also inspire traditional universities to adjust their missions , syllabi and teaching methods to become more relevant to the challenge of human improvement . Tech entrepreneurs Finally , the report stresses Africa 's need to foster technology-based business incubation . There are two areas that require attention . The first is supporting start-ups . There are good examples of this across Africa , which include initiatives such as iHub in Nairobi and InnovateLagos in Nigeria . The next frontier of policy focus should be scaling up new businesses . Read this : Tech hub working on ` Nigeria 's next big idea ' Flying on the wings of innovation will require long-term vision , policy focus and change-management capacity among African leaders at the continental , national and sub-national levels . Much of the practical action will occur in sub-national regions such as cities , provinces and counties . It will demand smarter governance styles that are supported by evidence rather than political rhetoric . Creating technology-driven economies will demand greater investment in smart government than is required in the age of extractive industries . Countries that fail to upgrade their governance systems to reflect the competitive challenges of modern global markets will fall by the wayside . The New Harvest : Agricultural Innovation in Africa , can be downloaded for free , here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Calestous Juma .	Africa must shift to technology-driven development , says Professor Calestous Juma Invest in biotechnology , and adapt learnings to other sectors , he says Africa must support tech startups and help them to scale up
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Heavy flooding in central Mexico in the past week has killed at least 33 people and left thousands homeless , the government said Monday . Schools remained closed in five cities in Mexico 's Michoacan state , where the flooding has killed at least 22 people and left more than 3,500 residents homeless , the state government said on its Web site . Another 83 people still were missing Monday in Michoacan , a state in western coastal Mexico that has been beset by drug violence in the past few years . A mudslide Saturday killed at least 11 people near the small town of Temascaltepec , in neighboring Mexico state . Uncharacteristic heavy rain throughout Mexico also has led to flooding in the nation 's capital , Mexico City . Up to 35,000 people nationwide could have been affected , published reports said . On Sunday , Mexican President Felipe Calderon toured Valle de Chalco , a city in Mexico state . In Valle de Chalco , on the eastern outskirts of the Mexico City area , officials announced that contaminated water from a sewage network that overflowed Friday will continue to flood the town for at least another 48 hours . The number of affected houses in the city grew from 2,000 on Friday to about 3,000 on Monday , the government said . Mexico state is bordered on the west by Michoacan and adjoins Mexico City on three sides -- north , east and west . In Mexico City , officials announced the reopening Monday of 165 of the 174 schools that were closed Friday because of the heavy rain and flooding . Calderon and other Mexican officials have vowed to help displaced families , including offering them food , medicine , shelter and cash allowances to buy new furniture .	Flooding in the last week could have affected up to 35,000 people , reports say Government : At least 22 people dead and more than 3,500 homeless in Michoacan state 165 of 174 Mexico City schools that were closed Friday reopened Monday Government vows to offer food , medicine , cash and shelter to displaced people
CNN  -- The news that Scotland has rejected independence from the rest of the United Kingdom -- by a relatively close 55-45 margin -- has reassured financial markets and many governments across the world . Not only does it secure the future  for now , at least  of one of the longest and most successful political unions in the world -- it also makes the prospect of a future British exit from the European Union less likely in coming years . Numerous world leaders , from U.S. President Barack Obama to Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , had strongly asserted that it is in the best interests of the global community for the UK to stay together . This reflects the fact that , while no longer a great power , Britain continues to play a significant role on the world stage with wide-ranging international interests . However , given the significant size of the "  Yes " vote , uncertainties remain , including the possibility of another Scottish independence referendum in the next decade or two . These unknowns could impact the UK 's ability to continue to punch above its weight on the global stage and will leave residual concerns for allies . Internationally , it is the U.S. , Europe and other key British allies which paid keenest attention to the vote outcome . This is because UK foreign policy has centered , in the post-war period , around the strategic importance of its alliance with the U.S. and integration with Europe . In Washington , where Obama indicated his opposition to Scottish independence repeatedly , there was perhaps the most significant apprehension of the outcome of yesterday 's vote . Although America will be reassured by the result , some concerns will remain particularly about Britain 's military capabilities , including the future of its nuclear arsenal , which is located in Scotland . This is particularly so in the context of the current 2015-16 UK Strategic Defence and Security Review , which will feature further cuts . Some in Washington  along with other allies  will remain apprehensive about the future of the UK Trident nuclear deterrent which is due for potential renewal in coming years . A further potential complication here is that Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond ran the "  Yes " campaign on a pledge that Scotland would become a non-nuclear nation within five years under independence . Given the significant support for this proposition , and the fact that most of Britain 's Trident submarines are based in Scotland , there may be growing pressure for relocation of these bases in coming years , despite the failure of the pro-independence movement to secure a majority . Such a move will be a very expensive , protracted process which the Ministry of Defence asserts will cost billions and take at least a decade . It is possible that this , allied with defence budget cutbacks , could significantly influence the British debate over renewal of Trident in coming years . Such uncertainty will prompt added anxiety in Washington and amongst some other UK allies , including NATO . In Brussels and European capitals , today 's decision will be welcomed in many quarters too . Firstly , there is now a stronger likelihood that the United Kingdom will not now leave the EU in any "  in-out " referendum . This is because Scots , in general , are more favorable toward continued membership of the EU than the English who account for a majority of the Britain 's population . Thus , if Scotland had voted for independence , and did n't take part in any subsequent EU plebiscite , it would have been more likely that -- in a close vote -- that Britain could have left the EU . Secondly , the outcome will please leaders in those European countries where other significant separatist movements exist . Spain , for instance , faces pressure for a binding referendum for Catalans in coming months . A Scottish "  Yes " vote could also have turbo-charged the separatist ambitions of Flemish campaigners in Belgium , the Northern League in Italy , and , to a lesser extent , French separatists . While allies across the world will be at least partially reassured , the relatively close vote -- not to mention the significant devolution of powers from London to Edinburgh that now seems likely -- means that the UK is likely to be transformed . Along with the possibility of another Scottish referendum in the next decade or two , this means that the territorial integrity of Britain can not be taken for granted in the medium to long term . The continued possibility of the UK 's dismemberment may well undermine its generally high international stature in the eyes of many across the world . This is because Britain 's international reputation rests , in large part , upon its stability as a unified state , as Barack Obama has pointed out . These foreign concerns will be exacerbated by the fact that there will now be growing pressure in Wales and Northern Ireland for significant additional devolution . Many foreigners , especially key allies , will therefore wonder if one or both of these areas will also remain in the union too in the long term . Taken overall , today 's vote will provide reassurance for key UK allies , especially the U.S. and Europe , despite lingering concerns about the future of Britain 's military capability . While the UK 's territorial integrity is assured in the short term , a second referendum in Scotland can not be ruled out . READ MORE : Scotland says "  No " to independence READ MORE : What "  No " vote means for David Cameron READ MORE : What 5 secessionist movements can learn The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author .	Hammond : UK allies will breathe sigh of relief after Scotland rejects independence "  No " vote makes Britain 's proposed exit from the European Union less likely Questions remain about what to do with the UK 's Scotland-based nuclear arsenal Outcome will please other European leaders grappling with secessionist movements
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Rich Cronin of the 1990s boy band LFO has died , his bandmate told CNN Wednesday . Cronin , who fought a long battle with leukemia , was 36 . The band is best known for its top 10 U.S. hits "  Girls on TV " and "  Summer Girls , " with Cronin writing the latter . Cronin was diagnosed with leukemia in 2005 and underwent chemotherapy , said bandmate Brad Fischetti . The leukemia returned in 2007 or 2008 , and doctors treated it with a stem cell transplant , Fischetti said . Cronin suffered a stroke , an adverse reaction to the treatment , and was left with severe pain in his leg , according to Fischetti . He did not know whether Cronin was battling leukemia again when he died in a Massachusetts hospital Wednesday , he said . The trio had a monster hit with its debut album , LFO . "  Summer Girls , " from the album , was the group 's highest charting song and was nominated for a Billboard Music Award . In 2009 , the trio reunited for a summer tour . Fischetti said he and their third bandmate , Devin Lima , gave Cronin the large back bedroom of their tour bus so he could rest up for the shows . "  We had the best time ever , " Fischetti said . "  He never thought he 'd be on stage again . " He said Fischetti told him recently he was having some trouble walking . When Fischetti sent Cronin a text message last week to wish him a happy birthday , he did not get a reply -- which he said was uncharacteristic . He found out Wednesday morning that Cronin had died . He chuckled that some media outlets have been reporting Cronin 's age as 33 . "  Rich liked to play with his age , " he said .	The trio is best known for its song "  Summer Girls " The 1990s group reunited for a tour last year Cronin was having trouble walking
CNN  -- Monday marks one year since a Chinook helicopter crashed in Afghanistan and killed 30 American service members , 22 of them Navy SEALs . Many of the SEALs belonged to Team 6 , the unit whose members were involved in the raid that killed Osama bin Laden . A few days after the August 6 , 2011 , tragedy , a 10-year-old boy in Kansas City , Missouri , composed an iReport on CNN.com . He uploaded a photo of his dad sitting alongside his fellow soldiers . My father was one of the 30 US Soldiers killed in Afghanistan yesterday with the Seals rescue mission . My father was the pilot of the chinook . I have seen other pictures of victims from this deadly mission and wish you would include a picture of my father . He is the farthest to the left . Braydon Nichols ' heartbreaking letter urging the world never to forget his father , Army Chief Warrant Officer Bryan Nichols , sparked thousands of comments and at least 230 iReports filled with love and support for the boy . Read the original iReport Over the past year , readers have continued to post kind notes to Braydon . "  Thought about you and looked at the picture I have and thought to visit this page and letting you know that you were on my mind . Hope you and your family are doing well , " Dennis Stahl from Columbus , Ohio , commented July 12 . "  Still on my mind buddy . I hope you and mom are doing OK , thoughts and prayers , " Bob wrote June 25 . "  I found myself remembering your story and tribute to your daddy this morning Braydon . I just wanted to let you know that people are and will always be thinking about him , " another reader wrote in June . Army veteran Shane Farlin told CNN that Braydon 's story made him think about how close he came to losing his life and the chance to watch his son grow up . The 28-year-old from Michigan was wounded in Iraq in 2004 . He left this post on Braydon 's story : "  I was wounded and holding on weakly , wanting to meet my son . I cry reading this thinking of my Army brothers who did n't get a chance to come home . Peace to the dead and wounded of this country and their families . " Farlin and his unit were returning from Fallujah in May 2004 , speeding along a highway back to Baghdad . The machine gunner was looking out of their truck and noticed the gutter running alongside them was black , scorched . Then a roadside bomb exploded . "  It felt like someone hit me in the face with a baseball bat . My head snapped back . It felt like someone was pouring thick olive oil down my face . I could feel the metal on my face and I fell into my partner 's lap screaming , " he said this week . One eye was hanging out its socket ; the other socket was shredded . "  It 's what they always say happens . I was thinking about my unit but I was also thinking about my high school sweetheart . She got pregnant right before I deployed . And I 'm screaming but I 'm thinking , ' I never got to see her pregnant , I never got to feel her belly . ' " Farlin knew he was going to have a son . His face soaked and his buddies screaming , all Farlin could think was : I 'm going to have a son . I 'm going to be a father . He started to feel his body go slack . It felt good , this odd sensation of relaxation . "  I was slipping away , " he remembered . While a medivac rushed to the site , Farlin passed out . He woke up in a hospital bed in Baghdad 's fortified Green Zone . It took him a week to regain his sight in one eye . The other was too damaged and he lost it . Farlin recovered , slowly and agonizingly , and made it back home for the birth of his son . He was working at a base at the time , and wearing his uniform , when he rushed to the hospital to help deliver Shane Farlin II . That was years ago . Farlin 's boy is 7 . "  When I read about Braydon , I just ... felt it . Those who are out there , fighting , they have their last moments , or what they believe is going to be their last moments , and they 're thinking about home and their kids . I am so glad I made it . " Little Shane is Farlin 's "  clone , " just as Braydon Nichols was so much like his father . "  My son is off the wall , " Farlin said . "  Spiderman one minute , Ironman the next minute . He 's helpful , always wanting to know how he can help Daddy . He wants to be like me . He wants to know what the Army was like . " Farlin has suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder and has a traumatic brain injury , he said . Readjusting to life outside the military and his transition to being a college student has n't always been easy . He gets sad . He does n't like that he can not be in the Army any longer because of his injury -- he has a glass eye . But Farlin is constantly trying to be positive around his son . "  I know to be careful about what I say in front of him , " he said . "  I do n't want my son to see me sad . I am going to keep him from that for as long as I can . " For the Nichols family , sadness is always there . Some days are better than others . "  We all deal with it differently , " said Monte Nichols , Brian Nichols ' brother . "  So many people have reached out and tried to help Braydon over the past year , to let him know that they care and they 're thinking about his dad . " Braydon is getting good grades and doing as well as any kid could , Monte Nichols added . A memorial service for those killed in the Chinook crash was held at Arlington National Cemetery in June . "  Everyone who was lost , " Monte Nichols said , "  is very much missed . Nobody is forgotten . "	On August 6 , 2011 , a U.S. helicopter crashed in Afghanistan , killing 30 Among them was 10-year-old Braydon Nichols ' father . Nichols wrote an iReport about his dad Since then , readers have n't stopped commenting on Braydon 's iReport The story made one Army veteran and father recall his close brush with death
Those looking for greater happiness and satisfaction in life should head to northern Europe , but steer clear of Egypt and countries worst hit by the eurozone crisis , according to the 2013 World Happiness Report released Monday by Columbia University 's Earth Institute . Denmark , Norway , Switzerland , the Netherlands and Sweden are the world 's happiest countries , according to the survey of 156 countries . Rwanda , Burundi , the Central African Republic , Benin and Togo -- all nations in Sub-Saharan Africa -- are the least satisfied with their lives , the report said . The United States came in at number 17 in the world in terms of overall happiness , but it still lags behind Canada  6  , Australia  10  , Israel  11  the United Arab Emirates  14  and Mexico  16  , according to the Earth Institute . The report ranks the United Kingdom as the 22nd happiest country in the world . Other major nations included Germany  26  , Japan  43  , Russia  68  and China  93  . Life 's ups and downs The global survey was conducted between 2010 and 2012 and follows the Earth Institute 's first rankings released last year . While "  the world has become a slightly happier and more generous place over the past five years , " economic and political upheavals have resulted in greatly reduced levels of well being for some nations , the report said . Rankings for Greece , Italy , Portugal and Spain fell dramatically because of the impact of the eurozone crisis , while Egypt , Myanmar and Saudi Arabia registered large falls in the wake of recent political and civil turmoil . Egypt had the greatest fall in happiness levels . On a scale of 1 to 10 -- with 10 rated as happiest -- Egypt averaged 4.3 in 2012 , compared to 5.4 in 2007 . "  We expect , and find , that these losses are far greater than would follow simply from lower incomes , " the report said , noting that the greatest single factor reducing happiness levels in these countries was a reduction in people 's perceived "  freedom to make key life choices . " Angola , Zimbabwe and Albania experienced the largest increases across all the countries surveyed . "  On a regional basis , by far the largest gains in life evaluations in terms of the prevalence and size of the increases have been in Latin America and the Caribbean , and in Sub-Saharan Africa " , the report said . Reduced levels of corruption also contributed to the rise . Governments seeking to improve the happiness of their populations should spend a higher proportion of their health budgets on mental illness , which is the single biggest "  determinant of misery " in countries assessed , the study authors said . "  People can be unhappy for many reasons -- from poverty to unemployment to family breakdown to physical illness , " the report said . "  But in any particular society , chronic mental illness is a highly influential cause of misery . "  If we want a happier world , we need a completely new deal on mental health . " Gross National Happiness The 2013 World Happiness Report comes on the back of a growing global movement calling for governments and policy makers to reduce their emphasis on achieving economic growth and focus on policies that can improve people 's overall well-being . An idea first proposed in 1972 by Bhutan 's former King Jigme Singye Wangchuck , the concept of "  happiness economics " has now gained traction in many countries across the world , including the UK , Germany and South Korea . The UN first encouraged member countries to measure and use the happiness of their people to guide public policies in July 2011 . "  It is important to balance economic measures of societal progress with measures of subjective well-being to ensure that economic progress leads to broad improvements across life domains , not just greater economic capacity , " the report said .	Denmark , Norway , Switzerland , the Netherlands and Sweden are the world 's happiest countries Rwanda , Burundi , the Central African Republic , Benin and Togo are the least satisfied with their lives The United States ranked 17th , while the UK was 22nd of the 156 nations surveyed Egypt had the greatest fall of happiness levels in the past five years , the report said
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The only question left for the jury considering the case of Army Maj. Nidal Hasan is whether he will live or die for targeting Afghanistan-bound soldiers in one of the largest mass killings of military personnel on a post on U.S. soil . Jurors deliberated less than seven hours over two days before finding Hasan guilty Friday on 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of all charges in connection with the November 5 , 2009 , shootings at a deployment process center . The Army psychiatrist admitted to targeting soldiers , saying previously he wanted to protect the Taliban and its leaders from the U.S. military . The court-martial moves on Monday to the penalty phase , where Hasan -- acting as his own attorney as he did during the trial -- will have the opportunity to address the jurors considering whether he should be executed for his actions . The big question is whether Hasan will take the stand in the penalty phase after declining to testify himself , cross-examine witnesses or give a closing statement . The American-born Muslim has indicated in documents leaked to the media that the death penalty would allow him to become a "  martyr . " For a family member of at least one of Hasan 's victims , the death penalty "  would be too lenient . " Fort Hood victims feel betrayed "  I would much rather see him sit in prison for the rest of his life . He should n't be allowed to dictate what happens . He wants to motivate other terrorists , " Joshua Gadlin told CNN by telephone . " ... We need to stop him from being martyr " to terrorists . Gadlin 's wife , former Army Pvt. Amber Bahr Gadlin dragged a wounded soldier out of the deployment processing center as Hasan targeted people in uniform with his laser-mounted weapon . He shot her in the back . Today , the outer wounds have healed . It 's the unseen ones -- the emotional scars of that day -- that have n't , Gadlin said . ` Remember the day ' At this sprawling 350-square mile Army post in central Texas , the case has routinely dominated the headlines of the local newspaper and television stations . For many here , there was life before the rampage , one where there was the reality that loved ones could die or be wounded while fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq . Then there was life after -- after loved ones were gunned down by a fellow soldier . "  You do n't hear people talking about it all the time , but you think about it , " said Paula Wells , who said works on the Army post in a civilian capacity . "  I remember the day it happened , and it was shocking . Here the guys go to war and come back , and they get killed here . It is n't supposed to happen that way . " But it did , for those who survived and the families of those who did not . Soldier on soldier attacks In Lacey , Washington , tears rolled down Autumn Manning 's face when she learned that Hasan was found guilty of shooting her husband , Staff Sgt. Shawn Manning , six times . "  I 've been crying all day , like most of the victims have , but it 's a sense of relief . This is just the start for the victims because we have sentencing , " she told CNN by telephone . Manning 's husband was one of the nearly 90 witnesses who testified for the prosecution during 12 days of testimony , delivering a horrifying account of the massacre as Hasan stared at him . Manning , 37 , was in the deployment processing center , texting his wife as he awaited his turn , when someone in front of him shouted "  Allahu akbar " -- Arabic for "  God is the greatest " -- and began firing . He described his bullet wounds , including one that pierced part of a lung . "  I figured the shooter would finish me off , " Manning said . The two -- Hasan and Manning -- locked eyes as the staff sergeant identified the major as the man who shot him . Manning 's wife , who watched the testimony from the gallery , said there was a relief when it was over . Much had been made about whether Hasan , who was acting as his own attorney , would cross-examine the witnesses , including her husband . "  I was pretty angry . I was anxious all week not knowing if he was going to cross-examine my husband or not , and not sure how my husband will deal with that , " she said . "  I noticed he was making eye contact with my husband , and that just infuriated me . " Inside the courtroom , shortly before the verdict was delivered , the judge cautioned the spectators in the gallery against outbursts . Hasan stroked his beard as the jury -- a military panel of 13 senior officers -- filed into the courtroom . He then looked at the head of the jury -- a colonel -- who affirmed a verdict had been reached . Hasan showed no emotion as the verdict was read , a contrast to a handful of some of family members who cried or gave one another brief hugs . ' A first , small step down the path of justice ' "  Today 's guilty verdict , rendered almost four years after the attack , is only a first , small step down the path of justice for the victims , " said attorney Neal M. Sher , who represents victims and families of those killed in a compensation claim against the government for failing to stop the attack . Almost immediately after the attacks , there were widespread questions about how Hasan was evaluated , promoted and transferred to Fort Hood with plans to deploy to Afghanistan despite questions about his actions , including giving an academic presentation on the value of suicide bombings . Sher renewed the call for the government to reclassify the shootings as a "  terror attack " rather than workplace violence . "  Justice for the victims of Fort Hood will be done only when the government admits its mistakes , keeps its promises to ` make the victims whole ' and comes clean about Fort Hood , " Sher said . " The victims , and the American people , are owed nothing less . " As has been done nearly every day in the three-week court-martial , the judge asked Hasan if he had reconsidered defending himself as the case enters the penalty phase . Jurors "  will decide whether you live or die , " the judge , Col. Tara Osborn , told Hasan after reconvening the court Monday afternoon as part of the penalty phase preparation . " ... I think it is unwise for you to represent yourself . " Hasan told the judge he intended to continue representing himself in the case . ` Jihad duty to kill ' On Thursday afternoon , the judge handed the case to the jury after Hasan declined to make a statement during closing arguments that followed 12 days of testimony . The prosecution urged the jury to convict , saying the evidence showed that Hasan believed he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible . For more than 90 minutes , the prosecutor took the jury methodically through the evidence in the case , meticulously piecing together how he said Hasan prepared and planned for the attack . Prosecutors have maintained that the American-born Muslim underwent a progressive radicalization that led to the massacre at the sprawling central Texas base . "  He did not want to deploy , and he came to believe he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible , " Col. Steven Henricks told the jury . Hasan picked the day -- November 5 , 2009 -- because it was when the units he was scheduled to deploy with to Afghanistan were scheduled to go through the processing center , he said . Hasan rested his case without calling a single witness or taking the stand to testify on his own behalf . His decision not to offer a defense was an anticlimactic end to the trial in which prosecution witnesses , primarily survivors , painted a horrific picture of what unfolded inside a processing center during the attack . During closing arguments , prosecutors showed a graphic FBI video of the crime scene hours after the rampage , where bodies , blood and bullets still covered the floor . As the video was shown to the jury , some of the family members of those killed fought back tears . One woman laid her head on her husband 's shoulder , tears streaming down her cheeks , while another woman , a wife of a victim , left the courtroom . For his part , Hasan watched the video , appearing to pay close attention Hasan 's defense Much has been made of Hasan 's defense or , as his stand-by attorneys have said , the lack of it . The judge , Osborn , declined a request by Hasan 's attorneys to drop out of the case . The attorneys argued that Hasan was helping the prosecution put him to death . There may be something to that claim . Hasan took credit for the shooting rampage at the outset of the trial , telling the jury during opening statements that the evidence will show "  I was the shooter . " Osborn barred Hasan from pleading guilty at the start of the court-martial . Under military law , defendants can not enter guilty pleas in capital punishment cases . The judge refused to allow Hasan to argue "  defense of others , " based on his claim that he carried out the shootings to protect the Afghan Taliban and its leaders from U.S. soldiers . Perhaps as a way around that ruling , Hasan in recent days has leaked documents through his civilian attorney to The New York Times and Fox News that offer a glimpse of his justification for carrying out the attack . Among the documents was a mental health evaluation conducted by a military panel to determine whether Hasan was fit to stand trial . "  I 'm paraplegic and could be in jail for the rest of my life . However , if I died by lethal injection , I would still be a martyr , " he told the panel , according to pages of the report published by The New York Times . The judge excluded much of the evidence that the prosecution contends goes to the heart of the motive for the attack , including e-mail communications between Hasan and Anwar al-Awlaki , the U.S.-born cleric who officials say became a key member of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . He was killed in a U.S. drone strike in 2011 .	The jury that convicted Nidal Hasan in the Fort Hood shootings will decide his fate The penalty phase begins on Monday Death penalty "  would be too lenient , " says the husband of one victim Hasan has indicated the death penalty would allow him to become a "  martyr "
CNN  -- In the wake of the Supreme Court decision that struck down key portions the Defense of Marriage Act , I celebrated this historic milestone like many Americans as a step toward acceptance of all people . Even though I 'm straight , I relate to my LGBT brothers and sisters as I also struggle for others ' acceptance . By all accounts , I appear to be a completely average 27-year-old female . I was never the kind of person who thought I 'd champion for individual rights or equality . Sure , I believe in it , but I 'm not the stereotypical "  Occupy " protestor or gay rights advocate . On the outside , I look like many of my peers ; I wear skinny jeans and Abercrombie . I play on my iPhone , Facebook and Twitter . I tend to blend seamlessly into the background of average female faces . However , I realize that my life as a typical twentysomething will not last long . As time goes on , I will start to become more and more isolated from my peer group as my secret comes out . You see , I do n't want children . At first mention , this might seem like a minor comment . However , it is a choice that I feel has alienated me from my peers and will continue to do so as I creep toward middle age . The realization that I am somehow different is how I found myself standing up for my own personal beliefs and , along the way , championing equal rights for all . Although I know that I do not share the same predicament as gays and lesbians , I use the comparison to explain that I , too , am seeking acceptance in a world in which I often feel ostracized and out of place . I identify with many of my gay and lesbian friends in that I 've always felt I should be honest about who I was . I do n't think it 's right to have to say , "  Well , we 'll have kids someday , " just as I do n't think it 's right for a gay man to have to say , "  Someday I 'll meet a nice girl and settle down . " Like him , this is simply who I am . My "  coming out " has been met with mixed reactions from family members . When I told my parents , my dad was quietly accepting and my mom cried endlessly . She did n't understand right away . Later , she accepted it and now supports my stand for equality . My husband and I argued about whether we should tell his parents . I said we should , while he said we should just say "  not now . " But I think that 's being dishonest about who we are and even wonder if he is ashamed or not fully committed to our decision , although he says he is . I tell him he 's still "  in the closet " -- or perhaps even on the fence . I have a hard time identifying with people who do have children and have felt the brunt of many of their judgments . I have been called selfish and materialistic . But I do n't believe that I am selfish by any means for making this responsible choice . It would be far more selfish to have a child for the wrong reasons . The pressure is particularly intense living in a military town in the South . I 've had women tell me that I was a horrible person , a horrible wife and a horrible American because it was my "  duty " to reproduce . I was shocked to hear such a statement in 2013 . I was born in the 1980s -- what I thought was an age of enlightenment in which women no longer were pigeonholed into such archaic stereotypes . I have stated that I do n't want children ; now I ought to state what I do want . I want people to know that I like children . People assume I hate them . This is n't true . I have worked with children and have found it to be an incredibly rewarding experience . I want others to know that I am a practical person . I do n't feel that it is right to raise a child in a home full of stress . I do n't have an incredibly high-paying job , and I worry that I 'll be burdened by student loan debt when I graduate from my doctoral program . A child is not a cute accessory that you drop off at day care and pick up at night . I realize that there is a commitment associated with raising a child , and it is not a commitment that I wish to make . I take commitments very seriously and think each and every decision through using logic and reasoning , and I 've made this decision that same way . ' I am nobody 's mother and I never will be ' I want to be celebrated for what I have achieved and who I am as a person , not for what I am allegedly lacking . I want those who 've offered to pray for me to direct their intentions and sympathies toward those who really need it . I have a great life . I have achieved almost all of my educational goals . I have a husband whom I love and a job that makes me happy . To waste sympathy on me would be abhorrent . I want to start an educated , informed discourse . I do n't want to be spoken to in condescending tones and told that this is just a phase . I am not a small child who has developed finicky eating habits . I am a grown , responsible adult woman who has made a decision . Just as gays and lesbians do not "  outgrow " their orientations , I do n't believe that I will outgrow mine either . I want people to know that I do have a family . There are people who believe that I should not have married my husband because we do n't plan to reproduce . I ca n't help but wonder : Is a family not made up of people who love and care for each other ? Is there a minimum quota to be considered a family ? Last time I checked , there was n't . Are two people raising their offspring in an environment of anger , violence or poverty better people than my husband and I , whose house is filled with happiness and love ? I want people to know that writing this essay is the boldest thing I have ever done in my life . I realize that by publishing it , I run the risk of being ostracized and alienated by many people . That 's OK . It is a risk I am willing to take . Like the equal rights crusaders before me who have challenged the beliefs of society with regard to race , gender and sexual orientation , I realize that my views will not always be popular . I just wish to do my part in creating a society that allows everyone , regardless of personal choices , to be accepted and able to express themselves freely without fear of judgment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zoe Zorka .	Zoe Zorka feels discrimination as a woman who does n't want children She 's been met with mixed reactions after "  coming out " to family and friends "  To waste sympathy on me would be abhorrent , " Zorka writes Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A newly published edition of an authoritative Chinese dictionary has come under fire for leaving out the homosexual definition of a word commonly used to refer to gay men and lesbians . The word "  tongzhi " traditionally means "  comrade " and has been widely used by the Communist Party . But in recent decades the word has evolved to refer to homosexuals . The committee charged with revising and updating the dictionary said they chose to leave out the definition because they did n't want to encourage its use , the director of the committee Jiang Langsheng told Chengdu Business Daily . Coming out of the closet in China The dictionary , which had its sixth edition published July 15 , is one of the most renowned sources of information in China . According to CNTV this latest edition contains 69,000 entries -- an increase of 4,000 from the fifth edition published in 2005 . "  It 's unacceptable that the ` gay ' meaning of ` tongzhi ' was excluded from the dictionary , a reference book written for all , simply because of the compilers ' own preferences and values , " Nan Feng , a gay rights activist told the state-run news agency Xinhua . "  Tongzhi " serves as a substitute for "  tongxinglian , " which is the formal Chinese term for homosexuality . The 2005 edition of the Contemporary Chinese Dictionary defines "  tongxinglian " both as same-sex love and as a psychosexual disorder , according to Xinhua . Homosexuality 's classification as a mental disorder was removed in China in 2001 , despite the dictionary 's definition . Video : Mom in China advocates for gay son Like activists , linguists are also unhappy with the decision to leave out a term that is widely used in daily Chinese dialogue . "  There have always been good words and bad ones , " Cui Yan , a planning editor for Science and Technology Document Press , told Beijing Business Daily . "  But they are all linguistic phenomena . Just because the dictionary does n't include them does n't mean they do n't exist . " Across the web , people have spoken out about the lack of the colloquial definition of "  tongzhi . " One user on China 's microblogging site Sina Weibo , who calls himself "  Yves Hugo " said "  Tongzhi are there . They are a group of people . Whether you ` encourage or not . ' Tongzhi means gay people . The definition will be in dictionary at some point . " CNN 's Corinna Liu in Hong Kong contributed to this report	A popular Chinese dictionary has left out the "  gay " definition of a word used to describe homosexuals The term "  tongzhi " traditionally means comrade but has evolved to refer to gay men and lesbians Compilers of the dictionary said they did n't want to encourage that use of the word Activists and linguists are angered at the omission saying it 's not right to leave out a widely-used word
CNN  -- Florida legislators wo n't hold a special session to take another look at the state 's controversial "  stand your ground " law . While 47 state lawmakers voted in favor of holding a special session to discuss the law , 108 voted against it , Secretary of State Ken Detzner said in a letter Tuesday . State law requires a three-fifths majority of both houses of the Florida Legislature to convene a special session , Detzner said . The law drew national attention last year after George Zimmerman shot and killed Trayvon Martin . Zimmerman 's defense never cited "  stand your ground " laws in its case , but jurors were instructed to consider them during deliberations in the high-profile trial . The jury acquitted Zimmerman last month of all charges in the shooting of Martin . But national debate over racial issues raised in the case and "  stand your ground " laws has n't slowed . Days after Zimmerman 's acquittal , a student-led group occupied Florida Gov. Rick Scott 's office and asked him to call a special session to overturn the "  stand your ground " law . Scott met with them a few days later to hear their demands but told them he would not call the special session . About 20 % of Florida 's lawmakers had filed a request to convene a special session over the matter , Detzner said . But a majority of lawmakers opposed that approach . "  Demands for a special session to repeal the law disregard the very foundation of our representative democracy by presuming that a law passed by the majority of a constitutional body should be reversed by the objections of a few , " Florida House Speaker Will Weatherford wrote in an editorial published by The Tampa Tribune earlier this month . Weatherford , a Republican , said he had asked a House committee to hold a hearing on the law this fall . "  Our evaluation of its effectiveness should be guided by objective information , not by political expediency , " he wrote . The Florida version of the law states , "  A person who is not engaged in an unlawful activity and who is attacked in any other place where he or she has a right to be has no duty to retreat and has the right to stand his or her ground and meet force with force , including deadly force if he or she reasonably believes it is necessary to do so to prevent death or great bodily harm to himself or herself or another or to prevent the commission of a forcible felony . " Eight other states have laws worded similarly , while 22 total states , including Florida , have laws stating that residents have no "  duty " to retreat from a would-be attacker , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Civil rights groups attack the laws as racially motivated . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said the laws "  try to fix something that was never broken " and now encourage "  violent situations to escalate in public . " But just as adamantly as the laws are decried , the National Rifle Association has stood by the measures it helped many states adopt . "  The attorney general fails to understand that self-defense is not a concept ; it 's a fundamental human right , " said Chris W. Cox , executive director of the NRA 's Institute for Legislative Action . "  To send a message that legitimate self-defense is to blame is unconscionable . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	A majority of Florida lawmakers voted against holding a special session House speaker : "  Political expediency " should n't drive "  stand your ground " debate The "  Stand Your Ground " law drew national attention after Trayvon Martin 's death
CNN  -- Rapper DMX had another run-in with police in South Carolina this week , ending with a citation for marijuana possession . The arrest in Greer , South Carolina , comes four weeks after he was charged with drunken driving in Greenville , just one town away . DMX -- whose real name is Earl Simmons -- was a passenger in a Ford F-350 truck stopped by police for allegedly making an improper lane change Tuesday night , according to the police report . The police report said the officer immediately recognized Simmons , 42 , and knew that there was an outstanding warrant for his arrest for failure to appear in court for a previous charge . The officer reported seeing "  a bag of green plant material I knew to be marijuana " on the passenger door where Simmons was sitting . The rapper denied it was his and then told police he "  had breathing trouble . " "  At this point , Mr. Simmons became very aggressive with his words and was making multiple idle threats , " the police report said . "  The smell of alcohol coming from his person became very strong . " Simmons was placed under arrest for the warrant and also cited for simple possession of marijuana . He was booked into the Greer jail , but released on bail hours later , a police spokesman said . Hip-hop highs : Long on lyrics , short on rehab The artist 's publicist defended DMX in a written statement to CNN Wednesday . "  Although officers pulled them over for a minor traffic violation , DMX was asked to step outside so they can search the vehicle , " Domenick Nati said . "  Officers then claimed that they found bags of marijuana in the floorboard and arrested X. No drugs were found on DMX or the other passengers and the alleged bags of marijuana were never shown to DMX or the other passengers . " Anitra Rhodes , 39 , was charged with improper lane change and simple possession of marijuana after three bags of suspected marijuana were found under the driver 's seat , the police report said . Nati said Rhodes is DMX 's assistant . On July 26 , troopers in Greenville pulled over in a 1978 Plymouth station wagon after spotting it traveling erratically , the South Carolina Highway Patrol said . DMX , who was driving , was given a field sobriety test and failed , the agency said . South Carolina authorities : DMX arrested , accused of DUI The rapper was charged with driving under the influence , driving without a license and driving without a seat belt . DMX has faced various criminal charges in the past , including probation violation , illegal drug possession and animal cruelty . Maricopa County , Arizona , authorities said he was arrested five times after August 2007 . That included a May 2008 arrest on drug and animal cruelty charges , when Simmons attempted to barricade himself inside his Cave Creek home , sheriff 's deputies said . Simmons also ran into trouble while in prison , being placed on "  lockdown status " and forced to eat only bread and water for "  jailhouse infractions . " In February 2009 , he threw a food tray in anger at a corrections officer , according to the sheriff 's office . In 2010 he was sent to prison after violating his probation . Four days later DMX was admitted to the Flamenco Mental Health unit for an undisclosed disorder . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : "  No drugs were found on DMX or the other passengers , " his publicist says The officer recognized DMX and knew there was an outstanding warrant for his arrest The arrest comes 4 weeks after DMX was charged with drunk driving in Greenville , S.C. DMX was released after being cited for simple possession of marijuana
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkish singer and actor Ibrahim Tatlises was in critical condition Monday after being shot in the head by unknown assailants early Monday morning , his doctor said on television . Tatlises , who has millions of fans in Turkey and the Middle East , was shot in the right side of his brain and underwent surgery , Dr. Ilhan Elmaci said in front of the Acibadem Hospital . Tatlises and his spokeswoman , Buket Cakici , were shot as they left the building housing private Turkish television channel Beyaz TV following Tatlises ' weekly television show . Cakici was in stable condition , doctors said . Tatlises will be kept "  asleep " for 24 hours , Elmaci said , adding that his left side was paralyzed upon his arrival at the hospital . Elmaci said he does not believe that Tatlises will have problems with speech , as the side of the head that was injured does not control speech abilities . Tatlises , 59 , comes from Turkey 's mostly Kurdish-populated southeastern province of Sanliurfa . He also is a businessman who owns restaurants and music , television production and tourism businesses . He has been involved in construction projects in northern Iraq . Known as "  Emperor " and "  Ibo , " Tatlises has more than 30 albums and has acted in and directed more than a dozen movies . He has no formal education and once quipped : "  If there had been an Oxford  University  in Sanliurfa , I would have gone there . " Tatlises was at the height of his entertainment career in the 1980s when he acted in more than a dozen films , directed and writing several of them , according to the Internet Movie Database . CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Ibrahim Tatlises was shot early Monday He is in critical condition after surgery , his doctor says The unknown gunmen attacked as Tatlises left a TV station with a spokeswoman
CNN  -- A 6.0-magnitude earthquake shook southern Mexico early Saturday , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake comes two days after a 6.4-magnitude quake rattled the same region . The epicenter of Saturday 's quake was 294 kilometers  183 miles  southwest of Mexico City .	Two days earlier , a 6.4-magnitude quake rattled the same region The earthquake hit southern Mexico
CNN  -- A former Rwandan minister has been jailed for life for genocide and incitement to rape at the United Nations-backed court for Rwanda in Tanzania . Pauline Nyiramasuhuko , who is the only woman to be convicted by the court , was minister for family and women 's affairs in the Rwandan government when some 800,000 people , mainly ethnic Tutsis , were killed in 1994 . She was accused of direct and public incitement to commit genocide and of being responsible for rape "  as part of a widespread and systematic attack against a civilian population on political , ethnic and racial grounds , " the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda  ICTR  said . Her son , Arsene Shalom Ntahobali , a militia leader who was jointly charged in the case , was also convicted Friday of genocide , crimes against humanity including rape and persecution and war crimes , and sentenced to life in prison . Four local officials who were accused alongside Nyiramasuhuko and her son were all found guilty of genocide and other charges . They were handed prison terms ranging from 25 years to life . Nyiramasuhuko , who was arrested in 1997 in Kenya , and taken to the U.N. court in Tanzania to await trial , was found guilty of seven of the counts she faced , ICTR spokesman Roland Amoussouga told CNN . They included charges of genocide , conspiracy to commit genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity including rape and persecution . Two charges were dismissed , one of complicity to commit genocide and a second relating to murder and crimes against humanity . She was also cleared of two charges , one alleging direct and public incitement to commit genocide and another of inhumane acts and crimes against humanity . The court found that Nyiramasuhuko was a member of the Interim Government that issued directives whose intention "  was to encourage the population to hunt down and take action against the ` enemy ' and its ` accomplices ' ; terms which referred to Tutsis in general . " Nyiramasuhuko also participated in many Cabinet meetings at which the massacre of Tutsis was discussed , "  and she took part in the decisions that triggered the onslaught of massacres in Butare prefecture . " Between April and mid-June 1994 , hundreds of Tutsis were rounded up by militia members in her home district of Butare and many subjected to assaults and rape , the court said . During this time , Nyiramasuhuko ordered killings and "  aided and abetted rapes " of vulnerable civilians , some of which were committed by her son , the court said . The six sentenced Friday will remain in detention in Tanzania pending an appeals process . If their convictions are upheld , the head of the tribunal will then decide what state to transfer them to to serve their sentences , said Amoussouga , the ICTR spokesman . The ICTR said it had been a complex and lengthy case , involving 189 witnesses and almost 13,000 pages of documents . While Nyiramasuhuko is the only woman to have been convicted by the ICTR , other women have been jailed for their roles in the genocide by courts elsewhere . A Roman Catholic nun was sentenced to 30 years in prison by a traditional Rwandan court in 2006 for her part in the killings . Two other Catholic nuns were found guilty of genocide charges by a court in Belgium in 2001 . The Rwandan genocide was triggered by the April 6 , 1994 , shooting down of a plane carrying the nation 's Hutu president . Ethnic violence erupted and Tutsis were killed systematically by Hutus . The United Nations estimates that some 200,000 people participated in the perpetration of the Rwandan genocide . In all , 800,000 men , women , and children -- mostly Tutsis but also moderate Hutus -- died . CNN 's Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	Nyiramasuhuko is the only woman to be convicted by the U.N.-backed court for Rwanda She was minister for family and women 's affairs at the time of the mass killings Five other officials , including her son , are guilty of genocide and other charges Some 800,000 people , mainly ethnic Tutsis , died in the violence
CNN  -- A tax credit to help individuals and families buy health insurance is at the heart of a health care proposal Sen. John McCain unveiled Tuesday . The credits will spark greater competition among insurance providers and put "  individuals and families back in charge , " the presumptive Republican presidential nominee said during a speech in Tampa , Florida . "  Millions of Americans would be making their own health care choices again , " McCain said . "  Insurance companies could no longer take your business for granted , offering narrow plans with escalating costs . " Under McCain 's heath care plan , individuals would be eligible for a $ 2,500 credit and families a $ 5,000 credit to help pay for health insurance if they do not subscribe to , or do not have access to , employer-provided health care coverage . The government would send the money directly to insurers . McCain 's plan would cost $ 3.6 trillion over 10 years , the campaign said . McCain would pay for the program by eliminating the tax break employers get for offering insurance . Doug Holtz-Eakin , a McCain senior policy adviser , said the tax credit would allow individuals to obtain health coverage "  tailored to the circumstances of your life " rather than being forced to accept the insurance provided by an employer . Watch McCain reject universal coverage " McCain also proposed that state governments set up a nonprofit Guaranteed Access Plan to provide coverage to individuals who are denied coverage from private insurers because of pre-existing conditions . McCain said he would work with Congress , governors and private industry to adequately fund the program . Watch McCain say he wants a system accessible to everyone " Holtz-Eakin said McCain 's willingness to work with the states to create individual programs in each state shows he understands a "  better job does n't take the form of a one-size-fits-all plan formed in Washington . " McCain argues that the increased competition will lower health care costs , which will allow more of the roughly 47 million Americans who are uninsured into the system . The Arizona Republican would also permit generic drugs to be imported from Canada to increase competition among pharmaceutical manufacturers . "  We know competition and choice drive down costs , " said Carly Fiorina , a former Hewlett-Packard CEO who is advising the McCain campaign . Holtz-Eakin said the plan would also encourage insurers and health care providers to deliver better health and disease management as well as more preventive medicine such as anti-smoking programs , which he said would further reduce costs . Health providers would be paid for "  doing the right thing " rather than being paid for every test and procedure , he said . In coordination with McCain 's speech , his campaign released a television ad that touts the plan . In the ad , which is airing in Iowa , McCain says , "  I can characterize my approach on health care by choice and competition , affordability and availability . ... The fundamental problem is not the quality of health care ; it 's the cost of health care . So , health care must be made affordable and available . " Watch McCain call for putting families in control " Critics of McCain 's plan said the tax credits would not put a significant dent into what a family must pay to buy health insurance on their own . The average cost of providing health care for a family of four annually is more than $ 12,000 , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . For individuals with pre-existing conditions , the costs of obtaining insurance could even be higher , critics said . Critics also said encouraging individuals to buy health insurance could undermine the system of employee-based health insurance , with no guarantee a new system would emerge to replace it . Clinton picked up that argument while criticizing McCain , saying in a statement , "  John McCain is proposing a radical plan that would mean millions of Americans would lose their job-based coverage . " "  So while people might have a ` choice ' of getting such coverage , employers would have no incentive to provide it , " she said . Fiorina , however , said McCain 's plan would not undermine the employee-based health insurance system because employers would continue to offer health coverage to attract and keep quality employees . McCain 's free market approach to health care reform is very different from the proposals offered by the Democratic presidential candidates , Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton . Both of their proposals include more government mandates for health care coverage . Clinton would mandate that every individual have health care and would provide government subsidies to those who could not afford to purchase insurance on on their own . She would also allow individuals to join the private health care plans that are offered to members of Congress , and she would create a new public insurance program modeled after Medicare . Clinton also includes tax credits to individuals to help buy health insurance and would require large businesses to provide or help pay for health insurance for their employees . Watch McCain says he opposes mandates " Clinton 's plan is estimated to cost $ 110 billion annually , which would be paid for by eliminating the Bush tax cuts for those making more than $ 250,000 and by eliminating waste and inefficiencies within the system . Unlike Clinton , Obama would not mandate that every individual have health care insurance , but he would require health insurance for children . As part of his plan , Obama would create a public insurance program for those not covered by private insurance and would also require large employers to help pay for their employees ' health coverage . Obama 's plan is estimated to cost between $ 50 billion and $ 65 billion and , like Clinton 's plan , would be paid for by eliminating the Bush tax cuts for those earning more than $ 250,000 a year . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Clinton says plan would mean millions would lose job-based coverage McCain proposes tax credits to help buy health insurance Individuals would get $ 2,500 , families up to $ 5,000 , under McCain 's plan Tax credits would not significantly cover family 's health care costs , critics say
CNN  Golf legend Jack Nicklaus proved almost unstoppable in a career which netted him 18 major titles but just maybe his then rivals could have disturbed his concentration on course by tempting him with his favorite treat . Nicklaus -- nicknamed "  The Golden Bear " -- has a particular craving for ice cream and now the 75-year-old American has launched his own brand with his name emblazoned over the packaging . The ice cream comes in seven distinct flavors and is made by a Minnesota-based manufacturer for distribution across the United States . Nicklaus , who retired from competitive golf in 2005 , took a leading role in testing the product and told his official website that he relished the task . "  It 's no secret that I love ice cream , " Nicklaus said . "  Needless to say , I have never had so much fun in the research and development of a product ! " If the new range proves popular and makes a profit , donations from the proceeds will be given to children 's charities . Nicklaus , who racked up 73 wins on the PGA Tour , has built up a business empire which includes golf course design and equipment , real estate and lifestyle products . He is considered by many experts as golf 's all-time greatest player and his major titles tally is four more than achieved by Tiger Woods . In March , Nicklaus will be presented with a Congressional Gold Medal by the leaders of U.S. House and Senate in recognition of his achievements on and off the course . It is the highest civilian award the United States Congress can bestow .	Golf legend Jack Nicklaus launches ice cream range Product will be manufactured and distributed in United States Nicklaus was nicknamed ` The Golden Bear ' Won record 18 majors in professional career
CNN  -- Texas child welfare officials have asked a judge to order a teenage member of a polygamous sect to let them take DNA from her infant so they can determine the father 's identity , according to court documents filed in the case . An aerial view taken last year shows some living quarters at polygamist leader Warren Jeffs ' Texas ranch . The teenager , who is younger than 18 , is a member of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . She is believed to have had the baby in June , Texas Department of Family and Protective Services attorneys said in the documents , filed earlier this month . Child welfare authorities also believe the teenager was married at 14 to an adult male , department attorney John Dolezal writes in the motion . "  In order to determine the identity of the sexual perpetrator who engaged in sexual intercourse with -LSB- the girl -RSB- while she was a minor , which act consequently led to this pregnancy , the department is required to perform genetic testing on the child so as to determine who that individual is , " the motion said . CNN is not naming the teenager , as authorities allege she is a victim of sexual abuse . A hearing on the matter was conducted Tuesday . Patrick Crimmins , spokesman for DFPS , said the teenager showed up without the baby . An agreement was reached by both sides during the hearing , Crimmins said , but the judge ordered that the agreement not be made public . The department has attempted to resolve the issue with the teenager but had not been successful , the motion said . The FLDS was thrust into the spotlight in April , when child welfare workers removed more than 400 children from the sect 's Yearning for Zion Ranch in Eldorado , Texas , citing allegations of physical and sexual abuse . Following a court battle , the Texas Supreme Court ordered the children returned , saying there was no evidence they faced imminent danger of abuse on the ranch . Critics of the FLDS say the sect forces girls into marriage with men . To date , 12 FLDS members have been indicted on charges including sexual assault of a minor , conducting unlawful marriages involving a minor and bigamy as part of an ongoing investigation , according to Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott 's office . They include Warren Jeffs , the FLDS leader and "  prophet . " Jeffs was already facing charges of sexual assault of a child in Texas , which carries a sentence of up to life upon conviction , when he was indicted earlier this month on a first-degree felony count of aggravated sexual assault . He is also facing a sentence of up to life in Utah , where he was convicted on accomplice to rape charges for his role in the marriage of a sect member to a 14-year-old . He is awaiting trial in Arizona , where he faces similar charges . The FLDS is a 10,000-member offshoot of the mainstream Mormon church . It openly practices polygamy on the ranch , as well as in two towns straddling the Utah-Arizona border .	Texas child welfare officials trying to determine father 's identity Court documents : Authorities believe baby 's mother was 14 when married Agreement said to have been reached during hearing , but details not released More than 400 children removed from FLDS compound in spring
CNN  -- The tragic death of Robin Williams has once again taught us a bitter lesson : Depression does not discriminate , can not be bargained with and shows no mercy . Depression does not care how wonderful your life is or how many people you 've touched . Williams seemed to have it all : He was adored by fans , loved by family and friends and had fame and fortune . But it did n't matter , because someone suffering severe depression can not feel the joy and satisfaction that comes with even the best things in life . As a society , we need to hear these collective cries for help and take depression seriously as a public health issue . Robin Williams and the dark side of comedy Williams is not the first and wo n't be the last celebrity to have struggled with depression or mental disorder . Jon Hamm , Winona Ryder , Owen Wilson and many others have all made the point that depression can hit anyone at any time for any reason . Kurt Cobain suffered from bipolar disorder before his suicide . L'Wren Scott was rumored to be depressed before she hung herself . The World Health Organization estimates 350 million people worldwide suffer from some form of depression . When mental illness affects your family Depression is characterized by intense and prolonged sadness and/or anhedonia  loss of pleasure  . Symptoms including low energy , loss of concentration , sleep and eating disturbance and feelings of guilt and worthlessness can accompany depression . It is not exclusively an adult disorder . It can begin in childhood or adolescence and last throughout life with possible relapses . Some people can suffer major depression , others mild . There 's also bipolar disorder , which is characterized by manic episodes and depressive episodes . Opinion : Robin Williams and depression : We all wear a mask Depression is one of the leading causes of loss of productivity and disability . It 's devastating on relationships . Depressed individuals will often experience sadness and be unable to experience pleasure , making it difficult to feel or express love toward others . There is also evidence suggesting that depression may be linked to chronic diseases . The worse is that depression is one of the most consistent risk factors for suicide . So what can be done ? The field is still evolving . In more severe or chronic cases , the combination of medication and psychotherapy has shown to be particularly potent . There are ways for treatment to be cost-effective . But there are barriers that need to be overcome to adequately address depression . First and foremost , the stigma of depression is making us sicker . From an early age , children describe each other as "  crazy " or "  weird . " This can often result in teasing and bullying for children with mental health issues , and social distancing from adults . As a result , individuals struggling with depression will often feel worse as a result of this mistreatment and be less likely to seek care . Going public with depression Eradicating the stigma of mental illness must be a public health priority . For years , groups such as the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill have fought to reduce stigma . Those on the front lines of working with people with mental illness should receive adequate education and support to manage bias . Integrating mental health screening in primary care settings is another important step , as the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force has determined that this improves outcomes . Furthermore , the Affordable Care Act of 2013 expanded upon the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008 , providing more possibility that mental health conditions will be covered at similar rates to physical health conditions . Opinion : Suicide does n't set you free As we break down barriers and improve understanding of depression , we will hopefully reduce the number of tragedies . We should n't have to lose some of our brightest lights like Robin Williams .	Robin Williams , who was battling severe depression , committed suicide Michael Friedman : Depression does not discriminate and shows no mercy He says the stigma of depression needs to be overcome in our society Friedman : Integrating mental health screening in primary care would help
CNN  -- Lady Gaga may have to disappoint a lot of her "  little monsters " in Indonesia after Jakarta police recommended that her sold-out June 3 show not be issued a permit because of security concerns . "  Yes , it is for sure , the promoter will not get a permit to hold the concert , " National Police spokesman Saud Usman Nasution said Tuesday . The concert promoter , Big Daddy Entertainment , declined to comment on the development . "  Please wait for further official information from us , " spokesman Alif Ramadoni said . There has been an outcry against Lady Gaga performing among Islamists and conservative Muslims , who say her revealing costumes and sensual dance moves are "  haram , " an Arabic term that means "  forbidden by Islamic law . " The chairman of the Islamic Defenders Front , Habib Rizieq , said his group could not guarantee what might happen , as far as security goes , if the concert were held . The pop star was given a thumbs-down in March by a "  high-ranking member " of the country 's highest Islamic authority , according to The Jakarta Globe . The report said that Indonesian Council of Ulema chairman Cholil Ridwan was urging Muslims not to attend the overtly sexy and controversial singer 's upcoming concert in Jakarta . " -LSB- The concert is -RSB- intended to destroy the nation 's morality , " Ridwan told the Globe . Ridwan is concerned that the singer 's revealing outfits and sexy dance moves will set a bad example for Muslim youths . Newspaper reports said more than 25,000 tickets were sold in the first two hours after the concert went on sale in March . Police said the promoter should not have started selling tickets before getting a permit . This is n't the first bit of controversy during the singer 's "  Born This Way " tour . Gaga also ran afoul of Christian groups in South Korea , prompting the government to ban kids under the age of 18 from attending her show . Ahead of the concert in late April , detractors called it "  pornographic " and a promotion of homosexuality . Yoon Jung-hoon , a reverend who helped organize the "  Civilians Network against the Lady Gaga Concert " movement , told the Chicago Tribune that his group collected 5,000 supporters on Facebook . He also advocated a boycott of the show 's sponsor , Hyundai Card , in addition to Hyundai Motor Co. , Korea 's largest automaker . "  Some people can accept this as another culture , but its impact is huge beyond art and debases religions , " Yoon said . "  Even adults ca n't see her performance , which is too homosexual and pornographic . " The show went on as scheduled . CNN 's Kathy Quiano and journalist Tasha Tampubolon contributed to this report .	The performer 's show is under fire from conservative Muslims ; police deny her a permit Some consider her shows to be forbidden under Islamic law Newspaper says more than 25,000 concert tickets were sold 2 hours after they went on sale A Christian group also opposed Gaga 's show in South Korea
A few years ago , PBS science correspondent Miles O'Brien reported about patients who were receiving modern artificial body parts to help them recover from the loss of the limb . Now , facing his own recovery after losing an arm while on a reporting trip to Asia , O'Brien is reviewing that story , reminding himself of which experts he should consult . He talked with CNN affiliate WUSA on Thursday in his first interview after a surgeon removed his left arm just above the elbow . He said he was going to see some doctors over the next few days . And he tried to look on the bright side of needing technological help with his life . "  If nothing else , this is a great opportunity for me to buy some really cool new gadgets , right ? " he told the station . "  I look forward to see what technology can do for me . " It seemed minor at the time O'Brien was stacking cases onto a cart on February 12 after a reporting trip to Japan and the Philippines , and one of the cases fell on his left forearm . He thought it was a minor injury and did n't experience a lot of pain until the next night . He went to a doctor the next morning and was told he was experiencing acute compartment syndrome , which involves increased pressure in a muscle compartment . During surgery , O'Brien 's blood pressure fell to the point where his life was in danger . The doctor made the choice to take much of the arm . O'Brien , 54 , said his personal doctor studied the charts and agreed that amputation was the best option . "  He said it probably would have been the same consequence , wherever I would have been , " he said . O'Brien said he is dealing with phantom pain , as if his forearm and hand were still there . And he admitted that he 's had his mental ups and downs . O'Brien , an award-winning science journalist and former CNN correspondent and anchor , said work is a welcome tonic . Thursday , he was moderating a panel on climate change at the National Academy of Sciences in the Washington area . O'Brien revealed his story in a blog post entitled "  Just a Flesh Wound " on Wednesday . "  I wish I had a better story to tell you about why I am typing this with one hand  and some help from Dragon Dictate  , " he wrote . He said that fans , friends and co-workers should n't worry about him . Pressure builds up The National Institutes of Health says muscles in the arms and legs are separated from each other by thick layers of tissue called fascia , and each fascia has space in it , called a compartment , with muscle tissue , nerves and blood vessels . When there is swelling in a compartment , pressure in that area will increase and press on the muscles , blood vessels and nerves . "  If this pressure is high enough , blood flow to the compartment will be blocked , " according to the NIH 's MedlinePlus resource . "  This can lead to permanent injury to the muscle and nerves . If the pressure lasts long enough , the muscles may die and the arm or leg will not work anymore . It may need to be amputated . " Symptoms of severe cases of compartment syndrome include skin paleness , numbness , tingling , decreased sensation , weakness and severe worsening pain . Early diagnosis and treatment are key for a good recovery . Amputee pilot : O'Brien could return to flying ` in no time ' Patients need immediate surgery , which involves making long cuts through the muscle tissue to relieve pressure . O'Brien , who covered the U.S. space program and was an anchor for CNN , now lives in Washington . Artificial hand lets amputee feel objects	Miles O'Brien once reported on the same subject he now needs for recovery He jokes that he gets to buy some cool new gadgets TV gear case fell on O'Brien 's left forearm He says doctor said he may have "  compartment syndrome "
Beijing  CNN  -- Outspoken Chinese artist Ai Weiwei paid 8.45 million yuan  $ 1.3 million  for a charge against his wife 's company to prevent her from going to jail , he told CNN Tuesday . Ai told CNN that if the tax charge went unpaid then his wife , the legal representative of Fake Cultural Ltd. , would have been sent to jail . When news of the tax charges broke earlier this month , there was a huge outpouring of donations from fellow activists and supporters wanting to ease the 15 million yuan  $ 2.3 million  debt . Ai told CNN that the donations grew to more than 9 million yuan , but he only used a portion of it for this payment , which he hopes will give him the right to an administrative review . Speaking to CNN by phone Tuesday , Ai said he is not optimistic about the possible results of any review . "  We do n't expect any justice to come after the administrative review because there was no justice from the beginning when I was taken away , " he said , referring to his imprisonment in April . The artist was detained on allegations of tax evasion . However , his family and human rights advocates believe that the real reason for his imprisonment is his criticism of the Chinese government . Ai was released on bail in June for his good attitude and medical concerns , according to state-run news agency Xinhua . Local authorities held a closed hearing in July on the tax evasion allegations , despite demands for an open hearing from Ai and the company 's lawyers . According to the artist , authorities also declined their demand to publish the accounting records and other evidence that lead to the tax evasion charge . Ai told CNN earlier this month he was initially detained and imprisoned on charges of "  subversion of state power , " but upon his release the charge was changed to tax evasion . "  This is against judicial law , and is unethical . How can a country use this way to try to silence dissidents ? " he asked . "  China always uses tax issues to cover up political issues . If the government keeps taking revenge on its dissidents with the law , it will only lead the country to its opposite side , " Ai said . Despite having the money to pay off the bond , Ai told CNN that the tax authorities he dealt with made it difficult for he and his wife to fix the situation ; refusing to take their house as collateral and even insisting that their money was transferred into a specific account . Speaking to CNN Tuesday , Ai said he remains defiant , crediting his public support . "  But we have to appeal instead of giving up . I 'm a public figure . I hope to help everyone in China to realize the reality . People said to me that ` when you 're fined , it is like we 're fined . That 's why we supported you . " " CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz and Haolan Hong contributed to this report .	Ai Weiwei uses donation money to pay off tax bond Hopes tax bond will allow for administrative review Administrative review does not guarantee positive outcome for Ai Support from public encourages his fight
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has banned advertisements for luxury products on its official state radio and television channels . The move is an apparent attempt to douse growing social frustration in the wealth gap between the country 's rich and poor -- and to stop corruption conducted through luxury gift-giving . Such ads had "  publicized incorrect values and helped create a bad social ethos , " said China 's television watchdog , the State Administration of Radio , Film and Television  SARFT  , reported Xinhua , the country 's official state-run news agency . The ban includes commercials for high-end watches , gold coins and rare stamps and comes on the eve of China 's Lunar New Year celebrations that begin this weekend . The holiday , compared to Christmas in the West , is a time of intense gift - and money-giving . Share prices of Burberry , LVMH , Richemont and Chow Tai Fook , the world 's largest jewelry marker , all fell after Beijing announced the ban . In 2012 , China surpassed Japan as the world 's largest luxury market . By 2015 , McKinsey & Co. had predicted China 's luxury market would account for one-fifth of global sales with a value of $ 27 billion . Beijing 's luxury ad ban may now dampen growth in the market . China 's latest move follows a series of recent statements and decisions from top leaders exhorting Communist party officials to lead a low-key lifestyle to avoid imagery of a leadership out of touch with many of its citizens . Last November , as Chinese President Hu Jintao prepared to begin the power transition to his successor Xi Jinping , Hu cautioned that failing to stop corruption could result in the demise of the Communist party . In December , new party rules announced that ornate flower displays , waving schoolchildren welcoming visiting dignitaries and large groups of state officials traveling abroad were prohibited or frowned upon . China 's Central Military Commission also banned luxury banquets for military forces and alcohol at official functions . In January , China 's National Bureau of Statistics released an official Gini coefficient reading for the first time in ten years . The figure that measures a country 's rich-poor divide was 0.474 . A separate survey from December 2012 by China 's Southwestern University revealed the country 's 2010 Gini coefficient was 0.61 . A number over 0.40 indicates potential for social unrest , according to the United Nations .	China 's luxury ad ban targets country 's widening wealth disparity Luxury ads ` publicized incorrect values ' , says China 's tv watchdog Share prices of luxury companies fell after China announcement Ad ban latest in series of decisions pushing low-key lifestyle for Communist members
CNN  -- One need look no further than the Nielsen Top 25 to see that funny fare is doing some serious damage this fall TV season . Led by "  Two and a Half Men " on CBS and featuring no less than three newcomers -- CBS ' "  2 Broke Girls , " Fox 's "  New Girl " and ABC 's "  Last Man Standing " -- sitcoms have dominated the Top 10 scripted programs in the weekly rankings  based on delivery of the advertiser-coveted 18-49 demographic  . "  It 's been a while since that 's been the case , " says Kelly Kahl , senior executive vice president of CBS Primetime . "  At the end of the day , it does seem like there is some sort of groundswell right now . " CBS claims five of eight highly ranked sitcoms . The network 's three other hits are "  How I Met Your Mother , " "  Big Bang Theory , " and "  Mike and Molly . " "  New Girl , " "  Last Man Standing "  which debuted to 13 million viewers  and ABC 's Emmy-adorned "  Modern Family " round out the crowd . "  People forget sometimes that comedies are supposed to be fun , but a lot of the comedies are bringing the funny this fall , " Kahl says . "  And when you do that , the audience is there for it . " The audience also has been there for cable comedies , with HBO 's "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " and FX 's "  It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia " coming off all-time highs , even in their eighth and seventh seasons , respectively . TVLine : Hit series poised to kill off major character Perhaps the biggest surprise of the fall is Fox 's "  New Girl , " which not only bowed to strong numbers but also built on its lead-in , the buzz worthy "  Glee . " That performance , which has continued throughout the newbie 's run , even caught the ratings-crunchers at Fox a bit by surprise . "  Did we think we were going to get those numbers ? No , " says Preston Beckman , Fox 's executive vice president for strategic program planning and research . "  But we had a lot of positive signs . " Beckman says pilot testing indicated "  New Girl " would be a potential four-quadrant hit , meaning one that played well to audiences young and old , male and female . While preseason tracking put consumer awareness of the Zooey Deschanel-fronted comedy at expected levels , Beckman says , "  The intent to view was consistently high . We knew we had a show here . " TVLine : TV worth watching tonight Beckman , who was at NBC during "  Friends " fever , sees "  New Girl " sharing DNA with that piece of Must See TV . When creating an identifiable cast of characters , "  You either want to be those people , you are those people , or you remember being those people -- and if you can hit everybody , you have success , " he says . "  That 's what ` New Girl ' is . " Asked how it is that "  New Girl " is even growing out of "  Glee , " Beckman cites a good fit between the shows , as well as the 9 p.m. hour 's older-skewing competition  reality juggernaut "  Dancing With the Stars " included  . To a 12-34 demographic that is ripe for the picking , Deschanel and friends offer "  a real alternative , " he says . Much can also be attributed to star power . Both "  2 Broke Girls , " starring wisecracking Kat Dennings and bubbly newcomer Beth Behrs , and "  New Girl " have the "  sort of appealing characters the audiences love , " CBS ' Kahl says . "  I do n't think there 's been a female lead sitcom in a while -- much less two -- that featured young , energetic characters . " TVLine : Spoilers on ` Glee , ' ` Gossip Girl , ' ` Bones , ' ` Vampire Diaries , ' ` CSI , ' ` Castle ' and more ! At CBS , the good news expands to its older comedies . "  How I Met Your Mother , " which leads into "  2 Broke Girls " on Monday nights , "  has kind of come out of nowhere " to gain 30 % in the demographic versus a year ago , Kahl says . Likewise , "  Two and a Half Men 's " performance -- netting more than 15 million total viewers at last count , despite replacing one of its leads , Charlie Sheen , with Ashton Kutcher -- "  is not something anybody could have forecast , " Kahl says , "  and even ` Big Bang Theory ' is up " on Thursdays . One perspective Kahl offers on the trend is that in an era of bloated reality shows "  that are now two hours in length , " with a half-hour sitcom "  you get your laughs and you 're done , and that is very appealing . " Speaking of unscripted programs , expanded editions of "  The X Factor " -- coupled with Fox 's commitment to post-season Major League Baseball coverage -- led the network to pull its shiny "  New Girl " off the schedule until November 1 . Beckman has been down this road before , and to those who question the tactic , he says , "  You 're thinking about this moment , when we have to think about a strategy for the whole year . " So while some grumble at the breakout hit 's brief MIA status , his attitude is this : better now than later . "  I get into interesting discussions with my bosses about this , where I say , ` If you 're telling me to put  new episodes  on now , you 're going to flip out in January or March when I 've run out , " he says with a laugh . "  It becomes choose your poison . "	Sitcoms surge , challenge reality TV shows CBS exec : "  There is some sort of groundswell right now " "  2 Broke Girls " and "  New Girl " feature "  young , energetic " female leads
CNN  -- A 41-year-old elephant named Patience charged and killed a Springfield , Missouri , zookeeper who had come to feed her Friday . John Phillip Bradford , 62 , died in the elephant enclosure at Dickerson Park Zoo , according to Springfield Police Department spokeswoman Lisa Cox . He was the manager of elephants , and had worked at the zoo for 30 years , according to a zoo statement . Bradford was in the enclosure with two other workers when Patience charged him . The other two workers were unharmed , Cox said . What set off the incident is unclear . The zoo referred questions to the city . "  This is very sad day for the Zoo family , as well as our community as a whole , " zoo director Mike Crocker said in a written statement . The elephant has been at the zoo since 1990 . The zoo has n't had any previous problems with its elephants , Cox said . The zoo 's elephant matriarch , Connie , died last week , according to the zoo website . The zoo opened as normal Friday , but the elephant exhibit was closed .	NEW : "  Very sad day , " zoo says in statement A zookeeper dies after being charged by an elephant John Philip Bradford was 30-year veteran of a Missouri zoo The incident comes a week after the zoo 's elephant matriarch died
CNN  -- Mobile devices may have placed an amazing array of technology in the palms of our hands , but they 've also given us a bamboozling array of buzzwords and acronyms . To help avoid confusion as the cell phone industry meets for its annual Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , CNN has compiled a handy jargon buster . Android : An operating system created for mobile devices by a consortium of tech firms led by Google . Different versions of Android are typically named after sugary treats , namely Gingerbread , Honeycomb and Ice Cream Sandwich . AMOLED : Active-matrix organic light-emitting diode . This is the technology behind ultra-thin display screens used on many smartphones . These use on-off switching to consume less power than previous "  passive matrix OLED " displays . Cloud computing : The offloading of data storage or processing to the internet or a shared network . Cloud technology allows phones to outsource their functions , provided there 's a good Wi-Fi connection . 4G : Fourth generation . A loose term covering the wireless network technology that will power the next generation of mobile phones . Already deployed in parts of Europe it promises data speeds of 300Mbps -- 20 times faster than existing 3G networks . Haptics : Tactile feedback , in the form of tiny vibrations , that helps users interact with their touch screens . Ice Cream Sandwich : Not as tasty as it sounds . This is the latest version of Android operating system . iOS : A mobile operating system created by Apple to run devices including the iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch . Mbps : Megabits per second . The rate at which data flows to-and-from devices . The bigger the number , the faster the flow . MVAS : Mobile value-added service  see VAS  . NFC : Near field communication : Technology that allows smartphones to communicate with other nearby devices . It allows simple data transfer between mobiles . It can also be used in contactless payment systems , allowing mobiles to behave like debit cards . OLED : Display screen technology  see AMOLED  . Padphones : Is it a pad ? Is it a phone ? It 's both ! These tablet devices feature a phone docking station , allowing a phone 's functions to be upgraded into a tablet environment . Quad core : Refers to the phone 's capacity for crunching data . The higher the number of processing cores , the faster the phone . The quadcores unveiled in Barcelona should , in theory , be the fastest to date , capable of simultaneously running several complex apps . This will , however , depend on whether they work well with phone operating systems . SMS : Short message service -- or text messaging . The original and , some say , the best mobile phone app . This cheap , widely-available , stripped-down communication system refuses to die despite technology advances . Stylus : Once thought extinct , the stylus seems to be making a comeback this year . This detachable pointer allows users to prod and write on their touch screens with greater accuracy -- until it gets left in the back of a taxi . Symbian : Mobile phone operating system maintained by technology firm Accenture . Symbian was favored almost exclusively by Nokia , but Nokia is now switching to a mobile version of Microsoft 's Windows 7 . 3G : Third generation . The technology currently being used by many mobile systems . These support data transfer rates that allow users to surf the internet and watch videos . VAS : Value-added service . Usually refers to any device function beyond its core purpose . Once upon a time , this meant any functionality above phone calls and text messages , but user-expectations are somewhat higher these days .	Mobile phone industry has created a confusing lexicon of acronyms and buzzwords CNN 's jargon buster unlocks some the language used at Mobile World Congress Android , Ice Cream Sandwich , Padphones , Symbian among words explored
CNN  -- In the wake of Japan 's nuclear disaster , all milk , milk products , fresh vegetables and fruit from one of four prefectures closest to the quake-stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant will be prevented from entering the United States , a spokesperson for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday . All other food products produced or manufactured in one of those prefectures -- Fukushima , Ibaraki , Tochigi and Gunma -- will be diverted for testing , the spokesperson said . Food products from other parts of Japan will be tested as resources allow , but the FDA 's main focus is food from these four areas , the spokesperson said . The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered damage from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan on March 11 . Efforts to bring the plant 's cooling systems back online to stabilize the situation continue . Some of these food products have already been officially taken off the domestic and export markets : Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan had previously ordered the governors of these four prefectures to halt the distribution of spinach and the local vegetable kakina and told the governor of Fukushima to cease all raw milk distribution , the FDA said . The FDA will continue to flag all entries from Japan in order to determine whether they originated from the affected area , the spokesperson said . Levels of radioactive iodine in milk were found in four locations in Fukushima that ranged from about 20 % over the acceptable limit to more than 17 times that limit , Japanese officials said Sunday . Testing at one location also found levels of cesium about 5 % over the acceptable limit , the health ministry reported Sunday . And in Ibaraki , a major center of vegetable production , tests at 10 locations found iodine levels in spinach that ranged from 5 % over acceptable limits to more than 27 times that ceiling . At seven sites , levels of cesium grew from just above 4 % to nearly four times the limit . Keep in mind that the United States only imports 4 % of food from Japan in general . And consuming the affected milk and spinach every day for a year would translate into taking in the same amount of radiation as a single CT scan , Japan 's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano has said .	Milk , milk products , produce from parts of Japan affected Other food products closest to nuclear plant will be diverted for testing All entries from Japan will be flagged , FDA says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Judge Sonia Sotomayor , who rose from the housing projects of the Bronx to the top of the legal profession , made history Thursday when the Senate confirmed her to become the nation 's first Hispanic Supreme Court justice . Sonia Sotomayor , 55 , will be the first Hispanic on the Supreme Court . Sotomayor was easily confirmed in a 68-31 vote . Nine Republicans joined a unanimous Democratic caucus in supporting her nomination . Sen. Ted Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , supported Sotomayor but was not present for the vote because of illness . Sotomayor , a 55-year-old federal appeals court judge , will be the 111th person to sit on the high court and the third female justice . She will be sworn in at the Supreme Court by Chief Justice John Roberts on Saturday . President Obama , who selected Sotomayor on May 26 , said he was "  deeply gratified " by the Senate vote . "  This is a wonderful day for Judge Sotomayor and her family , but I also think it 's a wonderful day for America , " Obama said at the White House . Watch Obama 's remarks " Watching the final vote with friends and family at the federal courthouse in Manhattan , Sotomayor was confirmed after senators spent a final day of debate rehashing arguments for and against her . Democrats continued to praised Sotomayor as a fair and impartial jurist with an extraordinary life story . Many Republicans portrayed her as a judicial activist intent on reinterpreting the law to conform with her own liberal political beliefs . Among other things , Republican opponents emphasized concerns over her statements and rulings on hot-button issues such as gun control , affirmative action and property rights . See how Sotomayor measures up with her new colleagues " They also raised questions about some of her most controversial speeches and statements , including her hope that a "  wise Latina woman , with the richness of her experiences " would reach a better conclusion than a white man "  who has n't lived that life . " Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy , chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , helped close the debate by stressing the historic nature of the nomination . "  It is distinctively American to continually refine our union , moving us closer to our ideals . Our union is not yet perfected , but with this confirmation , we will be making progress , " Leahy said on the Senate floor . "  Years from now , we will remember this time , when we crossed paths with the quintessentially American journey of Sonia Sotomayor , and when our nation took another step forward through this historic confirmation process . " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , took aim at what he claimed was Sotomayor 's inability to refrain from bringing her personal political opinions to bear on her rulings . "  This is the most fundamental test for any judge and all the more so for those who would sit on our nation 's highest court , where a judge 's impulses and preferences are not subject to review . Because I 'm not convinced that Judge Sotomayor would keep this commitment , I can not support her nomination . " Several Republicans , however , bucked party leadership by voting in favor of Sotomayor . Sen. George Voinovich , R-Ohio , announced Thursday morning that he had decided to back Sotomayor after weighing a range of factors , including her education , experience and temperament . "  Judge Sotomayor is not the nominee I would have selected if I were president , but making a nomination is not my role here today , " Voinovich said . "  My role is to examine her qualifications to determine if she is fit to serve . ... Based on my review of her record , and using these factors , I have determined that Judge Sotomayor meets the criteria to become a justice on the Supreme Court . " Voinovich was joined by Maine 's Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe , New Hampshire 's Judd Gregg , Indiana 's Richard Lugar , Missouri 's Kit Bond , Florida 's Mel Martinez , South Carolina 's Lindsey Graham and Tennessee 's Lamar Alexander . Watch the Senate vote " In a telling political sign , none of the Republicans who voted for Sotomayor is seeking re-election in 2010 . Conservative activists , including the powerful National Rifle Association , mounted a concerted effort to rally GOP opposition to Sotomayor . The abortion issue also played a significant role in the nomination , with abortion-rights supporters backing Sotomayor and opponents urging her defeat . "  Today 's historic vote is a sign of progress for Americans who want a Supreme Court that values individual freedom and privacy , " said Nancy Keenan , head of the group National Abortion Rights Action League Pro-Choice America . Charmaine Yoest , head of Americans United For Life , praised the 31 Republican senators who opposed Sotomayor for a "  stunning vote of ` no confidence ' in a nominee whose background of abortion advocacy and record of judicial interventionism raise serious questions about her fitness for the high court . " Underlying the debate over Sotomayor was the larger political question of whether the Republican Party risked alienating Hispanic voters by opposing the first Latina nominee . The party 's share of the Hispanic vote dropped sharply in last year 's presidential election . "  If you meet all of the challenges that you are told you need to meet and still you can be told no , despite fidelity to Constitution , the law and precedent , then it sends a tough message to us as a community , " said Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey . Sotomayor 's confirmation capped an extraordinary rise from humble beginnings . Her parents came to New York from Puerto Rico during World War II . Her father worked in a factory and did n't speak English . She was born in the Bronx and grew up in a public housing project , not far from the stadium of her favorite team , the New York Yankees . Her father died when she was 9 , leaving her mother to raise her and her younger brother . Her mother , whom Sotomayor has described as her biggest inspiration , worked six days a week to care for her and her brother , and instilled in them the value of an education . Sotomayor later graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University and went on to attend Yale Law School , where she was editor of the Yale Law Journal . She worked at nearly every level of the judicial system over a three-decade career before being chosen by President Obama to replace retiring Justice David Souter on the Supreme Court . Accepting the nomination , Sotomayor thanked Obama for "  the most humbling honor of my life . " After the selection , Sotomayor was touted by her supporters as a justice with bipartisan favor and historic appeal . She has served as a judge on the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals since 1998 . She was named a district judge by President George H.W. Bush in 1992 and was elevated to her current seat by President Clinton . Sotomayor presided over about 450 cases while on the district court . Before her judicial appointments , she was a partner at a private law firm and spent time as an assistant district attorney prosecuting violent crimes . CNN 's Lisa Desjardins , Kristi Keck and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Abortion opponent praises 31 Republican senators who voted "  no " Sonia Sotomayor wins confirmation by 68-31 vote She will be the 111th justice , the third woman and first Hispanic on high court Nine Republicans join unanimous Democratic caucus in supporting nomination
CNN  -- It 's been a busy month for Rob Lowe . His Lifetime movie "  Prosecuting Casey Anthony " premiered Saturday with him as attorney Jeff Ashton . On Friday , Lowe will tread familiar territory when his indie flick "  Knife Fight " hits theaters . The actor plays Paul Turner , a cutthroat political strategist who 's trying to keep his candidates afloat amid self-sabotaging drama . Lowe also can be seen weekly as sad-sack health nut Chris Traeger on NBC 's "  Parks and Recreation , " which is shooting its fifth season . CNN recently spoke with Lowe about his projects , his personal thoughts on the Casey Anthony trial , his dream of playing Ulysses S. Grant and working with Matt Damon on "  Behind the Candelabra , " the story of Liberace . CNN : In "  Prosecuting Casey Anthony , " you play Jeff Ashton , the trial lawyer . From your perception , what was the biggest factor in why he lost ? Rob Lowe : It 's a little bit like why the Titanic hit the iceberg . A bunch of little things had to go wrong for the big thing to go wrong . The one I focus on is the jury selection process itself . I think in many ways the trial was over before it began . This is the first big trial in the era of Twitter and Facebook . Not only does information move at the speed of light , but public opinion coalesces at the speed of light through social media . The point is to get a jury who has no opinion . But the thought that they have no opinion when it 's been all over social media , all over the public consciousness , all over cable news ... you have two types of people : Either they have no opinion and have n't been living in the real world , and what does that say ? Do you really want those people on a jury ? Or you have people who have been paying somewhat attention and have heard leaked evidence , which is everywhere . Personally , I think they overreached with charging her with first-degree , special-circumstances murder . CNN : What 's the mental state like of a person who 's tasked with prosecuting such a high-profile , nationwide murder case ? For the moment , he becomes a rock star for people who love prosecutions . Lowe : People went to Orlando just to be a part of this trial . Like it was Disneyland . It 's hard to imagine , but it 's true . People had T-shirts made that said "  Team Ashton . " To the uninitiated in the realm of the public eye , that 's probably an unexpected complication that people deal with in different ways . CNN : The case was somewhat reminiscent of the O.J. Simpson case in that it took on this sideshow circus element . Lowe : The only difference that I would say -- and I 'd say it 's significant -- is unlike O.J. , Jeff seems to be the perfect man for the job . This is his area . He 's 12-for-12 in death penalty cases . He 's the first guy to use DNA . And yet it did n't happen , which makes it sort of Shakespearean in a way . CNN : Speaking of circuses , in "  Knife Fight , " you play Paul Turner , a political strategist . Do you have any empathy for people in these professions ? Lowe : Weirdly , I have nothing but empathy for people in those positions . I 've been fortunate enough -- or depending on your political views , unfortunate enough -- to come into contact with everybody from every spectrum , from George McGovern and Michael Dukakis to Karl Rove . And at their core , they 're all real patriots . And they all really believe in what they perceive to be the greater good of our country . It 's not this jaded , cynical power play . That 's not my experience with those people . Now , do they use jaded , cynical power-play tools ? Absolutely . And that 's what my guy does in the movie . CNN : The film explores "  damage control " as someone 's area of expertise . A hundred years ago , that notion would n't really exist . Lowe : What appeals to me about it , is at its heart , it 's about communicating . How do you communicate when you 're going into a situation that 's already a train wreck ? When you look at Lance  Armstrong  or the football dude  Manti Te'o  -- is there a way to communicate their truth or lack of it in a way that brings a greater understanding ? I think it 's really fascinating . CNN : Let 's talk about "  Parks and Recreation . " Is Chris Traeger going to find happiness ? Lowe : Chris Traeger is absolutely beginning to finally find happiness . We 're a few more episodes down the pike than the audience has seen , and he 's going to have a -- as he 'd say "  literally " -- a life-changing opportunity for growth , love and happiness . CNN : He 's become such the sad clown of Pawnee  the show 's fictional town  . Lowe :  Laughs .  I know . He 's become the happiest sad person on network television . He embraces life , even when he 's steering into a depressing skid . There 's a part of him that savors it in a way that I think is sort of sweet and weirdly inspiring . CNN : You 've worked with some comedic giants over the years . Who on "  Parks " do you learn the most about comedic deliveries these days ? Lowe : I do n't even know where to begin . It 's murderer 's row . I 've worked with a lot of people and I 've come to realize that Amy  Poehler  is , without a doubt , the most astute observer of human behavior that I have ever worked with . And has the quickest mind in terms of comedy and the sharpest sense of timing . Without a doubt . I do n't think anyone comes close . So that 's huge . Then you have somebody like Chris Pratt , who I almost think is the funniest person on the show , who can also be a romantic lead movie star if he wants to . You 've got Aziz  Ansari  , who has mined such a specific voice for himself that resonates for so many people , that is unique only to him . You have Rashida Jones , who I believe could make Lena Dunham look like an amateur if given the opportunity . And I 'm a huge fan of Lena 's . Rashida 's a crazy talented "  voice of her generation " type writer . Her movie "  Celeste & Jesse Forever " was amazing . It just goes on and on . Nick Offerman ? Ron Swanson is a once-in-a-lifetime character he 's created . CNN : It 's been reported that you 're working on a historical film , where you play Ulysses S. Grant . How far along is that ? Lowe : It 's a big , expensive miniseries . Sony will be making it . I think the latest incarnation will be in conjunction with Reelz . It 's something I 've been attached to and wanting to do for a couple of years now . We 're still waiting for the final OK , and I 'm hoping it 's a project I 'd do on my hiatus , and it would be a dream project for me to play Ulysses S. Grant . He 's a very underserved American hero and complicated , dark , flawed . When he died , America gave him the largest public funeral this country had ever seen . He saved the Union . I 'm hopeful that 'll happen . CNN : Are you shooting anything else this year ? Lowe : I have a movie coming out in May with Steven Soderbergh directing and Michael Douglas and Matt Damon called "  Behind the Candelabra . " It 's the story of Liberace . Matt Damon and I would sit on the set in our makeup and costume and be like , "  Dude , when people see us in this movie , it 's going to be the end for both of us . " It 's the most outrageous , over-the-top , hilarious , demented and yet weirdly realistic and sweet movie ever made . And , I might add , it 's so gay , it makes an average episode of "  Glee " look like "  The Expendables . "	Rob Lowe recently starred in a Lifetime movie about the Casey Anthony trial Lowe 's also appearing as a political strategist in the indie film "  Knife Fight " The actor is attached to a role he says he 's wanted to play for years : Ulysses S. Grant
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- India 's air force geared up for possible missions against suspected terrorist camps in Pakistan in the immediate aftermath of November 's Mumbai attacks , U.S. military officials told CNN Monday . One U.S. official said India 's air force "  went on alert " after the attacks in Mumbai . Pakistan said it would defend itself if attacked . "  We do n't want to go to war , " Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Gilani announced during a speech at the National Assembly on Monday . "  But if the war is thrust on us , we will stand united like a respectful nation . " While the officials characterized the Indian actions as preliminary preparations to position the air force if strikes were ordered , the comments indicate that the two nuclear powers were perhaps closer to conflict than previously acknowledged . Three Pentagon officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity , have individually confirmed to CNN that the United States has information indicating that India began to prepare air force personnel for a possible mission . The officials offered few details , but one said India 's air force "  went on alert . " A second official said the United States concluded these preliminary preparations would put India in a position to move swiftly against suspected terrorist camps and targets inside Pakistan , before adding that a number of senior U.S. officials urged India to exercise restraint during this time . An Indian air force official had no comment . CNN sister network CNN-IBN reported last week that the air force had been put on its highest level of readiness and that the aircraft had been armed . "  We are certainly against terrorism , but that does n't mean that we go at war with any country , " Indian Air Chief Marshal Fali Homi Major told CNN-IBN Thursday , adding that any decision on military action would be "  up to the government because the air force and the army are there only to carry out the will of the government . " Air Commodore Homayoon Ziqar , a spokesman for the Pakistani air force , told CNN that Pakistan is not on heightened alert at the moment . "  Everything is normal , " he said . Another source in Pakistan 's military also said the air force is not on heightened alert , but added , "  We are always ready , on weekends , on holidays , no matter what the circumstances . " Since the Mumbai attacks , Pakistani security forces raided a camp near Muzaffarabad , the capital of Pakistani-controlled Kashmir , according to military sources . It was the first sign of government action against Lashkar-e-Tayyiba since the Mumbai attacks . India says the Pakistan-based Islamic militant group was behind the killings of more than 160 people in Mumbai . Watch Miss Pakistan talk about the Mumbai attacks " Also , Pakistani authorities have banned a charity linked to last month 's attacks and placed its leader under house arrest . The move came after the U.N. Security Council designated the charity , Jamaat-ud-Dawa , a terror organization because of its links to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . Gilani 's promise that Pakistan would defend itself came amid mounting international pressure for him to crack down on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said he was "  encouraged " that Pakistan arrested two of the group 's top leaders last week , saying it amounted to the first steps toward determining who plotted the Mumbai siege . Indian police say the only surviving suspect from the Mumbai attacks , identified by Indian authorities as 21-year-old Mohammad Ajmal Kasab , is from Pakistan 's Punjab province and the other nine attackers also were from Pakistan . Pakistani officials have denied that assertion , blaming instead "  stateless actors . " Until now , the Bush Administration has publicly said it saw no signs of military movement by India and no indication that the Indian government was preparing any type of retaliation . The Pentagon officials broadly described the activity as checking the status of crews , fighter jets and weapons that were available . The extent of the reported preparation was not immediately known . Also , one of the Pentagon officials confirmed that the United States has intelligence indicating a single Indian aircraft violated Pakistani airspace twice on Saturday . The United States believes the incursion was inadvertent , the official said , adding that there is no information to indicate it was planned . Meanwhile , suspected U.S. missile strikes continued to hammer Pakistan 's tribal region , killing three people in a North Waziristan village Monday evening , according to a Pakistani military official . Monday 's strike is the 29th suspected U.S. missile strike in Pakistan this year . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Pakistani PM says , "  If the war is thrust on us , we will stand united " One Pentagon official says India 's air force "  went on alert " after Mumbai attacks During preparations , senior U.S. officials urged India to exercise restraint More than 160 people were slain in the three-day attack that began in late November
CNN  -- During the weeks Jerry Sandusky 's trial unfolds in Centre County , Pennsylvania , 12 jurors and four alternates will be able to eat dinners with their families and sleep in their own beds . While they wo n't be isolated and watched by law enforcement , they also wo n't be able to lurk on Twitter , casually watch TV or even talk about the sexual abuse case that careened the Penn State University community into a media storm . "  If I were on the bench , there 's no way this jury would n't have been sequestered , " CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin said . "  I think it 's so much more difficult for jurors to stay away from the 24-hour news cycle , and a case like this , that touches on societal taboos and famed football . " Sandusky , 68 , has been under house arrest since being charged with sexually abusing 10 boys for at least 15 years . Prosecutors allege the former Penn State football coach met some of his accusers through Second Mile , a charity he created for underprivileged kids . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . Opening statements are expected to begin Monday , Judge John Cleland said , and the trial is likely to last about three weeks . The trial will be held in Centre County as prosecutors wanted . Jurors are from the 150,000-person county , too , as Sandusky wanted -- some of the 220 prospective jurors that reported Tuesday had ties to the case 's key players , Penn State or Second Mile . Not sequestering the jury "  was pretty shocking , " Hostin said . "  Because this is rural Pennsylvania , this is a really small town with so many interconnections , it strikes me as imprudent not to at least keep them away from media reports . " By keeping an explosive case in a small place , the judge is already placing a lot of trust in jurors -- seven women and five men -- and they 'll get clear directions on what they can and ca n't do , said Richard Gabriel , a jury consultant on the Casey Anthony , O.J. Simpson and Heidi Fleiss cases . Jerry Sandusky 's ` make-believe world ' Sequestered jurors know they 're protected from "  media hordes and potential influences , " which lets them focus on the evidence , instead conversations around them at the grocery store , Gabriel said . But the stress of being away from family , home and work can affect how they deliberate , too : A closely bonded jury might have an easier time coming to a verdict , whether guilty or not guilty , but small personality conflicts could become major obstructions , he said . Then , there 's the money : It 's not cheap to shelter , feed , transport and protect 12 jurors and four alternates for weeks . "  It 's tough on state budgets because it 's darn expensive , " Gabriel said . Last year , a judge denied a request to sequester the jury in the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray , who was accused in Michael Jackson 's death . The judge said the $ 500,000 cost did n't play a role in his decision , although he acknowledged "  the state of California is undergoing severe financial problems . " The jury found Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter . The estimated cost to sequester the jury for Casey Anthony 's trial was $ 361,000 , including transportation , lodging , security and meals . Jurors had access to certain TV channels and could go online to pay bills or order prescriptions , but their actions were closely monitored by sheriff 's deputies , and they saw their families only one afternoon every week . The jury found Anthony not guilty of first-degree murder and most other charges in the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter . Judges sometimes sequester juries while they 're deliberating , and Cleland could backtrack on his decision if jurors could n't avoid the case outside the courtroom , Hostin and Gabriel said . But Cleland would be walking into a logistical nightmare of quickly arranging a weeks-long , sheriff-monitored sleepover for 16 . "  Judges , when they make a ruling like that , are going to stick by it , " Gabriel said . "  Jurors in these high-profile cases are pretty careful about not talking to anybody , and judges get severe with news organizations -- ` You even come close to any of these jurors before this trial , and the wrath of God will come down . ' "  Unless the courts are prepared , they can get really messy . "	Jurors for Jerry Sandusky 's sexual abuse trial wo n't be sequestered Sequestered juries are protected from media reports but face stress of being away Cost can run into hundreds of thousands to house , feed , and protect jurors during trials CNN legal analyst : "  Much more difficult for jurors to stay away from the 24-hour news cycle "
CNN  -- It is much easier to score a tough restaurant reservation in New York City in the summer . If you want to snag a table at places like Eleven Madison Park , Torrisi or Brooklyn Fare , summer is the best time to try because many New Yorkers empty out of the sweltering city to avoid feeling like a roast chicken on the subway platforms . City dwellers zoom out on the Long Island Expressway to the Hamptons , the summer playground for the wealthy and those who wish they were . Though the Hamptons are spectacular for a lifestyle that matches the city 's sophistication , there are countless other getaways in New York state that offer unparalleled beauty , charming bed and breakfasts , beautiful farms , rivers and restaurants . Some of the state 's most beautiful areas , like the Hudson River Valley , are just two hours from the city . Within four to five hours are enchanting regions like the Adirondacks , the Finger Lakes and Saratoga and a chance to live the small-town life for a weekend . America 's most charming inns For a slower pace , reasonably priced meals and spectacular vistas only found in New York , here are five options to consider for your next vacation . Greenport On the North Fork of Long Island is the charming , historic village of Greenport . Just a ferry ride from Shelter Island and the rest of the Hamptons , Greenport feels like a quaint seaside oasis , untouched by any power scene . Shacking up here for a weekend is completely relaxing and a great central point for exploring the area 's many wineries , fresh produce and seafood . Settled in 1682 , Greenport has lived through eras as a whaling and fish-processing town and is now seeing an oyster reboot . The North Fork Oyster Company has experienced great success in its Stirling Square location since opening a year ago with Farouk Ahmad and his wife , Sana , at the helm . Most of the wines served at the restaurant are from the surrounding vineyards , like McCall , Lenz and Pellegrini . For oysters with a water view , award-winning clam chowder and classic fried seafood , Claudio 's Clam Bar has a celebratory feel for no apparent reason except that life is good in the North Fork . Nearby is the Frisky Oyster , which serves the must-have Oysters Friskafella , with spinach , melted parmesan cheese and garlic aioli on top . For a sense of place in a night 's stay , the Morning Glory serves up a gourmet breakfast in a restored 19th-century home , while the Harborfront Inn offers chic comfort with water views . Photo rituals : Landmark handstands and more Saratoga Springs If you 've ever dreamed of quitting your high-stress job and opening a bakery , strolling the main street of Saratoga Springs just might convince you to do it . It 's like a movie set of what an upstate town should look like . The area was first known for the rich mineral water from the natural springs , but the Saratoga Race Course is the major draw and has been since the first horse races were held there in 1847 . Today , there are concerts and events held at the track year-round . Coming up August 18-26 is the oldest major thoroughbred race in America , the Travers Stakes , also known as Saratoga 's Mid-Summer Derby . Even if you do n't go to Saratoga for the horses , there is plenty to do . Tour nearby Skidmore College , or attend a performance at the Saratoga Performing Arts Center . A great place to stay is the Saratoga Arms , a beautiful B&B housed in an old brick home , with a front porch perfect for a morning cup of coffee . At Putnam Market & Wine , you can pick up local gourmet goodies , like jars from Saratoga Peanut Butter Company . A night out inevitably ends on tiny Caroline Street , with people spilling out of cute pubs and bars , including Saratoga City Tavern , which has the only rooftop bar in town . Seven beauties of the British Isles Lake George In Lake George Village , the town on the southern end of the lake , classic summer nostalgia is everywhere you look , from mini golf courses to ice cream stands and T-shirt shops . Lake George itself is 32 miles long , surrounded by lush greenery in the summer . The Sagamore Hotel opened in 1883 and immediately attracted the most sophisticated travelers of the day . Today , it 's the most fitting place for family vacations and celebrations on the lake , with tennis courts , an indoor rec center and lodge rooms that cater to families and a great pool . New York City dwellers might be shocked with how low restaurant prices are , and though Lake George is n't a foodie paradise , meals are comforting and good . A round of mini golf at Around the World and ice cream at the Pink Roof is certainly a rite of passage for locals and visitors alike . Five guys take same photo for 30 years Hudson River Valley In a word , the Hudson River Valley is glorious . Just a two-hour drive from Midtown Manhattan , it could just as well be a plane ride away , as different as it feels.Â Summer allows the local farms to show off and sell their delicious fruits and vegetables . With rolling hills , Hudson River views , historic homes and great restaurants , the valley can be visited time and again . Perched like a castle on the river , the Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park has churned out some of the nation 's most celebrated chefs but also offers a phenomenal lineup of classes for home cooks and those wanting to learn more , as well as options for lunch and dinner . In Rhinebeck , the Beekman Arms Hotel is a classic , and guests of Chelsea Clinton stayed here during her July 2010 wedding in the Hudson Valley . Nearby is Gigi Trattoria , which serves "  Hudson Valley Mediterranean " food with a laser focus on using what is in season . But the trattoria always serves the famous Gigi Skizza , an addicting light flatbread pizza . The Millbrook Winery has sweeping views and lovely wine tastings and is part of the Dutchess County Wine Trail . Also worth seeing are significant American sites like the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's home and the Vanderbilt Mansion . Skaneateles Just think "  Skinny at las  t  , " dropping the T , when trying to pronounce Skaneateles . This small town sits on the shores of on an unspoiled blue lake in central New York 's Finger Lakes region , named for 11 lakes that resemble fingers if you look at it from above . The area is known for a wealth of outdoor and water activities on Skaneateles Lake in the summer , as well as the wine trail , B&B s and home decor shops . Visiting the Mirbeau Inn and Spa feels like you 're visiting the grand country estate of a rich uncle , with fine dining and a spa that rivals those of Manhattan 's hotels . For a top dinner choice , Rosalie 's Cucina has a reputation that goes beyond the Finger Lakes and is evocative of a bustling Tuscan trattoria . The restaurant , serving heaping plates of salad and pasta , has welcomed A-list guests alongside its local clientele and visitors . You 'll see a long line at Doug 's Fish Fry , but it moves fast , offering fresh , delicious seafood perfect for lunch .	Try these spots if you want to skip the see-and-be-seen feel of the Hamptons Attend a horse race in Saratoga Springs , New York Get out on the water in the Finger Lakes region or Lake George Wine and dine your way through the Hudson River Valley
CNN  -- The once-powerful Hurricane Odile weakened to a tropical storm as it worked its way across the Baja California peninsula early Tuesday . Still packing 65 mph winds , the storm lashed the region with torrential rains and the potential for flash flooding , according to the National Hurricane Center . Rainfall amounts of 6-12 inches are forecast , with isolated amounts of up to 18 inches . Odile left a mess in its wake -- snapped palm trees , washed out roads and tapped tourists trapped at Mexican resorts . The storm left stunned residents and tourists in its wake . Sarah McKinney , who was in Cabo San Lucas on maternity leave from her job in Arkansas when the then-Category 3 storm hit with 125 mph winds Sunday night , tweeted photos of the wreckage Monday : the collapsed roof of a restaurant , a shuttle van flipped over , a resort 's swimming pool pushed into the ocean . Every car she walked by after the storm had broken windows , she wrote . The normally pristine marina in the idyllic resort town was littered with debris . "  2 days ago we walked along the marina happy with not a care in the world , " she said . "  Today I 'm shocked and saddened . " The powerful storm caused severe damage at the airport in Los Cabos , Mexico 's national director of civil protection said , according to CNN affiliate FOROtv . Early Tuesday the storm was about 25 miles  40 km  west-northwest of Santa Rosalina , Mexico , packing winds of 65 mph  100 kph  as it headed northwest . It was expected to continue to weaken , becoming a tropical depression on Wednesday , forecasters said . On Sunday , gales from Odile whipped torrents of rain ashore , chasing visitors in popular tourist destinations into close quarters . Streets in Cabo San Lucas were drenched . Palm trees were knocked over , and outdoor markets were trashed . Raul Frias , from Mexico City , was at Club Regina in Cabo when he tweeted that he felt a "  great vibration " in a shelter and that something "  big was coming down . " McKinney and her newborn daughter , Madison , had already evacuated out of harm 's way from their first hotel to a second one . But even there , the room roared like a wind tunnel as Odile passed over . At least 15,000 tourists were sharing McKinney 's experience in Cabo , Mexican civil defense official Luis Felipe Puente said . She piled up her belongings in the bathtub to protect them from the water seeping through the door to her room . She dammed it up with a mattress , but it still came in about an inch deep . "  I 've cleared the beds and linen closets and have my daughter and I held up in the bathroom , " she told CNN . Then the winds subsided . Madison fell asleep . "  The pressure was horrific , but now it is eerily calm -- just how people describe when the eye passes over , " she said . But then the winds smacked the hotel again , and McKinney headed back into the bathroom . "  The backhalf is definitely worse , " she posted to Twitter . "  More debris and stronger winds and rain . Bedroom is getting soaked from water seeping in . " Odile was earlier predicted to bring possibly life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , forecasters said Sunday . Ports and beaches have been closed , and school classes and celebrations for Mexico 's Independence Day were canceled in Baja California Sur state . Independence Day is Tuesday . CNNMexico.com , and CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Ashley Fantz , Nelson QuiÃ ± ones , Nick Parker and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : Odile weakens to a tropical storm , forecasters say As a hurricane , Odile hit the southern tip of Baja California Sur late Sunday An American mother on maternity leave holes up with her newborn in a hotel Forecasters warn of destructive waves and life-threatening floods
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Whenever you speak with Carlos Santana , you pretty much know what you 're going to get : lots of talk about love and light . spiritual analogies , name-dropping of people like Marvin Gaye and Mother Teresa . Carlos Santana will start a 72-show residency in Las Vegas in May at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino . It may take a moment to enter the humble headspace of the 61-year-old guitarist legend , but once you 're there , you realize that this is a man who acts with his heart instead of his head . Somehow , he 's managing to live out his 1960s ideals in 2009 -- and he wants fans to experience a piece of that with his new Las Vegas , Nevada , show , "  Supernatural Santana : A Trip Through the Hits . " The 72-show residency at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino launches May 27 , with 36 concerts this year and 36 in 2010 . As with all his events , a portion of the cost of each ticket will be donated to the Milagro Foundation , the charitable organization founded by Santana and his family to benefit children around the world . Watch Santana get into the groove " Santana talked to CNN about the Vegas show and his beliefs . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : Your Vegas show sounds like it 's your greatest hits mixed with a little bit of Carlos Santana spirituality . Carlos Santana : They 're inseparable at this point . We 're very different than a lot of bands . A lot of bands concentrate on show business and entertainment . We focus on light and touching people 's hearts . We really believe that by coming to Las Vegas , it gives us an opportunity to take ourselves and the people who come to listen to us into a place where people are free from thinking they 're sinners or unworthy . There 's something really wonderful about music when music makes men and women dance , laugh and cry at the same time , because they 're receiving like a Holy Ghost thing . CNN : Ticket prices range from $ 79 up to $ 299 -- which is a lot of money for some people in this economy . Santana : I have no clue about that . I 'm more with , "  This finger goes onto this note and it makes juicy sounds , and I 'm going to make people dance and laugh . " It 's not like I do n't care or I 'm ignorant . It 's just that I 'm not wired to have that insignificance on me other than what I 'm going to get to give back to other people . And other than that , I trust that the people around me -- which is my sister and my brother-in-law -- will take care of all of those dimensions . We do n't like to gouge people , but we do like to be realistic that you do need to pay the rent ... and stuff like that . But other than that , since I was a child , I really do n't put that much focus or significance into it . CNN : You 're well-loved by mainstream audiences , and the Latino audience has been really supportive , too . Do you think this is opening up the door to perhaps invite the Latino audience to Vegas ? Santana : They 're already there . They 're washing dishes and folding sheets -- I 'm serious . The Latin community is there . It 's just that we do n't see them . ... I do n't belong to just Latinos just because I speak Spanish . We go to Ireland , and if we go to Pakistan , or Istanbul or Malaysia , we 're part of the family . We just did a tour in South America , and I have never seen so many children come to our concerts in my life -- and I 've been doing this since ' 67 . CNN : You were born in Mexico , and President Obama will be heading there to talk about the war on drugs . -LSB- Secretary of State -RSB- Hillary Clinton recently made some remarks that United States drug consumption is partially to blame for this problem . Do you agree with that ? Santana : Totally . I think that the solution to all of this stuff would be to legalize it , decriminalize it , reinvest all that money into teachers in schools . ... If we would teach in schools the incredible sensation of climax that it feels to be of service to other people -- like Mother Teresa , or Desmond Tutu or the Dalai Lama -- smoking pot , and drinking tequila , and watching porno or whatever people do , it pales in comparison when you actually wake up to be of service to people . To go back to the question -- I think we should legalize marijuana . I think Barack Obama should bring the brothers and sisters home -- the soldiers . If I was to see him , I would go , "  Listen to Marvin Gaye 's ` What 's Going On ' and John Coltrane , and bring the boys home from the war now , like we did with Vietnam . " They 're not going to come here . People in Vietnam did not come here to attack us after we left them alone . So let 's get rid of that fear , that fantasy , that stuff . Let 's get rid of the bogeyman , because the bogeyman is us looking in the mirror of each other . CNN : What about when people do n't get it , Carlos ? What if they 're listening to you and thinking , "  He sounds like one of those New Age Californians , and I really do n't get what they 're doing out there . " Santana : Well , they do n't get it because they 're stuck in something that is not working . Like , for example , a lot of people are stuck with certain parts of the Bible , believing that God is vengeful and jealous . That 's Godzilla ! I 'm not stuck with a God like that . I 'm stuck with a God that 's all love , all compassion , all light , and he only sees you with purity and innocence , like the brand-new eyes of a child that 's just been born . ... A lot about Las Vegas is illusion . It 's entertainment and show business . We do n't know none of that . We only know to go into your heart and help you remember that it 's there . I know a lot of rich millionaires who are not happy , and you 're only happy when you 're doing something . CNN : Are you happy ? Santana : I 'm very , very happy because I 'm grateful . My priorities finally have been crystallized . I started washing dishes , and now I do this . And this is a lot of fun .	Carlos Santana will be opening "  Supernatural Santana " in Las Vegas May 27 Guitarist says band focuses "  on light and touching people 's hearts " Santana believes in legalizing marijuana , wants to emphasize teaching service
CNN  -- Ahh , yes , February 15 , the joyful day when singletons can finally collapse in exhaustion after weeks of maintaining a nonchalant front . Finally , you think , finally , the incessant stream of hearts and cupids and reminders that romantic partnership is the apogee of human achievement will come to a merciful end . And then you voluntarily read to the second paragraph of our weekly netiquette column , silly ! That 's right , we 're here to take you waist-deep into that cesspool of romantic endeavors and bad decisions : online dating . Because if you survived yesterday single , you might be gunning to circumvent a repeat performance in 2013  i.e. , another year of you listening to Alanis Morissette and sobbing softly in your bedroom or , conversely , having a faux-peppy who-needs-men night with your gal pals , swilling salmon-colored drinks and shooting hateful glances at the couples in the bar  . And if you 're in a relationship right now , do n't rest on your laurels quite yet : Breakups spike right after Cupid 's big day , according to unofficial Facebook data , so you just might be back on the market soon . We 've told you what not to do with your first message to a prospective date . We 've told you what not to do with your photo . Yet real , live online daters continue to find bizarre and almost impressively original ways to turn us off . Read on for three totally boneheaded online dating moves we 've actually encountered  AKA , weird things no one warns you about when they 're persuading you to make a Match.com profile  . Watching you on the street "  Not to be creepy , but ... " began an actual first message from an actual online dater . " ... were you sitting on a bench at such-and-such intersection at about 6:15 last night ? I 'm not hitting on you , I just like to think of online dating as a city-wide game of Guess Who . " Yes , we were at said corner , and we were unaware we were being watched by a peeper on the street . The incredible thing is not that said dater recognized a human from the site -- in an urban area , where folks are bumbling around in their own overlapping circles , of course you 'll spot people whom you recognize from their profiles . The key is to not acknowledge it in a creepy way .  A clue that you 're not adhering to that guideline : You begin a message with , "  Not to be creepy , but ... " In this instance , for example , if the dude wanted to go on a date , he could send a friendly first message  not mentioning the unwitting run-in  . Then , if things were rolling along after a few dates , he could mention it in a fun , "  You wo n't believe how serendipitous this was ! " kind of way . Or if he could n't wait that long , he could send a cute Missed Connections-style message : "  I think I walked by you in Union Square yesterday ! Your purple peacoat was stunning . I see you 're a big fan of ` Parks & Recreation ' -- have you checked out ` Party Down ' ? " But just announcing , apropos of nothing , that he has superior facial recognition skills ? Kind of weird . A friend told a tale of a girl he 'd been messaging who eventually stopped responding . A few weeks later , a new note in his inbox : "  Hey , were you at the Caveman concert last night ? "  Indeed , he had been . Without the benefit of knowing a girl was watching him like Mel in Flight of the Conchords  . If she was loving his vibes in person , she certainly could have walked up to him in between sets and said hello . But since she 'd already dropped the message volley like a hot potato , probably best to let sleeping dogs snore . Another friend stopped messaging with a dude online when she got a weird feeling about him from his notes ; a few weeks later , he spotted her at a Thai restaurant and marched right in . With apparent disregard for all social mores , he sat down at the table with her friends and asked when they could plan a proper date . The recommended course of action here is obvious : Since she had already rejected him online , he should 've respected that and let the girl and her friends finish their pad thai in peace . Moral of these stories ? Do n't be scary . Online dating is nerve-racking enough when you 're all squirmy-scared of rejection and awkward first-date conversations . Having to worry about weirdos jangling up to you at the supermarket ? Not necessary .  Oh , and if you 're the creep-ee : Block 'em on the site , or if they 're approaching you in person , make an excuse and hightail it out of there . Safety first ! Revealing nothing about yourself It 's a strange power play , leaving your profile free from pictures and with only the pithiest write-ups ; it says , "  You may need to advertise yourself like a heifer all gussied up for the state fair , but I ... I will make no attempt to sell myself to you . Instead , " it tacitly blathers on , "  I will decide whether you look interesting enough for me . " Maybe that works for some people  probably those seeking the weakest and most damaged goods  . Our take : Having an online dating profile and leaving it totally unpopulated just makes you look like you have no good qualities to trumpet . Oh , and sending along a photo with your first message ? Still silly . How come everyone else has to show their cards from the start , while you get to keep yours close to your chest ? It reeks of insecurity , a gross , musky smell reminiscent of Axe Body Spray and tears . Choosing a stupid user name A recent German study found that people with ugly names have less success on online dating sites . Researchers came to that conclusion by tracking profile views on a gloriously German-looking dating site where users go by their real first names . But thank God you live in a country where you 're free to pick your JDate handle ! So why , why , why would you pick something ugly  MoldyBill  or embarrassed sounding  JustBrowzin228  ? There are so very many cards stacked against you in finding love  see : a montage of your February 14  , so pick a simple username , write an honest profile , and pray to the good god Eros for better luck next year .	Breakups spike right after Cupid 's big day , according to unofficial Facebook data When encountering an online date offline , do n't be creepy about it Online daters should n't ignore safety and common sense , but should reveal some basics There 's less success on online dating sites when using a poor user name
If the Skyscraper Index maintains its track record , then China should steel itself for economic collapse . The infamous property index says construction booms that give rise to the world 's tallest buildings are the harbingers of economic busts . On July 20 , developers celebrated the groundbreaking of Sky City in the southern Chinese city of Changsha . It is set to be completed in 2014 and at 838 meters it would overshadow the Burj Khalifa in Dubai -- currently the world 's tallest building -- by 10 meters . "  The Skyscraper Index has a good 150-year correlation between the world 's tallest buildings and economic slowdowns and recessions , " says Andrew Lawrence , pioneer of the Skyscraper Index and head of Hong Kong and China property research at CIMB Group . "  For China , there is no reason that correlation will change . " China starts work on world 's tallest building According to the Skyscraper Index , the opening of every single "  world 's tallest " building in the past century has coincided with an economic downturn in that country . In the United States , builders installed the spire on New York 's Chrysler Building on October 23,1929 making it the tallest building in the world at 319 meters . Five days later , the Wall Street Crash wiped nearly 13 % off the stock market and precipitated the country 's Great Depression . In March 1996 , Malaysia 's Petronas Towers were completed making it the world 's tallest building at 452 meters . Just sixteen months later , the Asian financial crisis hit the country and region . Malaysia 's stock market lost half of its value by the end of 1997 . And in Dubai , the 828-meter Burj Khalifa received its spire in October 2009 . Two months later , a massive debt crisis slammed the Middle Eastern metropolis as the global financial crisis roiled world markets . Similar economic storms have followed other imposing structures soon after their construction , including the Empire State Building and World Trade Center in New York and the Taipei 101 in Taiwan . Does skyscraper boom herald economic doom ? Lawrence believes that both skyscrapers and economic busts are often closely associated with large expansions of credit . "  Like the one we saw in China post-2008 , " he says . In 2008 , as the global financial crisis took hold , China launched a period of loose monetary policies to jump start its economy with liquidity and the hope of spurring investment . Many analysts say those policies seeded a credit boom of easy money and a building boom of unneeded or ostentatious properties that are now coming back to haunt constructors and investors . As skyscrapers rise , markets fall "  China will be building over 40 % of the world 's skyscrapers over the next four years so clearly there 's a building bubble , " says Lawrence . Last week , the final beam was hoisted on the main structure of Shanghai Tower , which will soon become China 's tallest building . At more than 600 meters , the building will be the second highest in the world , below the Burj Khalifa and ahead of Taiwan 's Taipei 101 building . "  They certainly were not bashful about wanting  one of  the tallest buildings ... here in Shanghai , " says Art Gensler , founder of the Gensler global design and architecture group . "  They wanted something that was a symbol , and I believe this building will be the symbol of China . " Meanwhile , anxiety is ramping up about what a collapse in China 's building boom might bring . "  The China story has taken a serious turn for the worse , " wrote Peking University finance professor and China expert Michael Pettis , in a July op-ed for CNN . "  China , it now seems , is about to collapse , and along the way it may well bring the world economy down with it . " If that were to happen , China 's Sky City -- with a nearly $ 1.5 billion price tag -- could be the country 's biggest landmark to its property largesse . In July , official data showed the country 's economic growth slowed to 7.5 % in the second quarter of this year -- its slowest pace in nine months , according to the National Bureau of Statistics . Over the past three decades China had an average GDP growth rate of 10 % .	China 's skyscraper boom to bring economic doom , if history is precedent China 's Sky City will be world 's tallest building in 2014 at 838 meters , besting Burj Khalifa Market crashes followed construction of Chrysler Building , Petronas Towers , Burj CIMB 's Lawrence : Economic busts tend to occur after large credit expansion like in China
CNN  -- A U.S. filmmaker arrested in Venezuela and accused of instigating unrest was released from prison and expelled from the country , his attorney told CNN affiliate Globovision . Timothy Tracy was on a flight to Miami Wednesday morning , attorney Daniel Rosales said . Tracy , 35 , of Los Angeles , was arrested in April at the Caracas airport as he prepared to leave the country . He was accused of funding opponents of President Nicolas Maduro , successor to the late Hugo Chavez . His lawyer said he was released because there was not sufficient evidence to hold him . Venezuelan Minister of Interior and Justice Miguel Rodriguez confirmed the release on his Twitter account , but maintained that Tracy was "  captured doing espionage in our country . " The filmmaker was in Venezuela to make a documentary about the political division gripping the country . Press freedom groups and the U.S. government denied that Tracy was involved in any anti-government activities . "  Tracy was just acting as an observer when he was filming , " Reporters Without Borders said when he was arrested . "  Shooting video is not evidence of participation in what the government calls an ` act of destabilization . ' It is for the police and judicial authorities to investigate and establish from the facts , not for the government to designate Tracy as guilty from the outset . "	Timothy Tracy was accused of fomenting unrest in Venezuela He was filming a documentary there His lawyer says there was lack of evidence and Tracy was freed
CNN  -- New season , new manager same free scoring Barcelona who routed Levante 7-0 in their La Liga season opener Sunday . Gerardo Martino 's first competitive game could hardly have gone better , a record 6-0 ahead at the break in the Nou Camp , with Pedro adding his second before the final whistle . New signing Neymar also made his Spanish league debut as a second half substitute , having been left on the bench by Martino after his midweek international exertions . "  We need to continue like this , we know we have just started and the season is very long . If we keep going like this then we can achieve great things , " goal scoring hero Pedro told Barcelona TV . Argentine Martino , replacing the cancer-stricken Tito Vilanova at Barca , will certainly be hoping for repeat performances in their domestic title defense . Talisman Lionel Messi ran the show in the first half , scoring twice and setting up a number of other goal scoring opportunities . Alexis Sanchez opened their account after fine work from Manchester United target Cesc Fabregas before Messi grabbed his first of the new season . Analysis : Martino who ? Is El Tata the man for Barca ? Messi then set up the third for Dani Alves before his through ball allowed Pedro to open his account . His second of the night came from the penalty spot and the first half scoring spree was completed by midfielder Xavi after excellent work from Fabregas . Brazil international star Neymar came off the bench just after the hour mark to test his legs for his new club and came close to marking his debut with a goal before being booked late on . "  We put a lot of emphasis on pressing and we managed to sustain it for the majority of the match , " said a delighted Martino . Barcelona 's arch rivals Real Madrid also began their campaign under new boss Carlo Ancelotti with a win , but were made to fight hard by Real Betis in the Bernabeu . Jorge Molina put the visitors ahead with a well taken opener , but Karim Benzema canceled it out in the 26th minute . Cristiano Ronaldo hit the crossbar with a shot in the second half and wasted some good scoring opportunities before new signing Isco headed in an 86th minute winner from Marcelo 's cross . In the Bundesliga , Borussia Dortmund went top on goal difference with a 2-1 win over Eintracht Braunschweig . Midfielders Marco Reus and Jonas Hofmann made the breakthrough with 75th and 85th minute goals , the second from the penalty spot . The visitors grabbed one back when a corner deflected in off Borussia 's star striker Robert Lewandowski . Dortmund head five teams , including champions Bayern Munich , who have won both their opening two games in Germany . Big spending Monaco have made a similarly fine start in France 's Ligue 1 with a perfect record after two games . They thrashed Montpellier 4-1 with Emmanuel Riviere grabbing a hat-trick as they moved alongside Lyon , Saint-Etienne and Marseille on to six points . "  At the moment , it 's perfect , two matches , six points , " said manager Claudo Ranieri .	Barcelona beat Levante 7-0 in La Liga opener Pedro and Messi score twice each for reigning Spanish champions First competitive match for new manager Gerardo Martino Real scramble to 2-1 home win over Real Betis
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Youssif shows off his "  certificate of citizenship , " an award given to the Iraqi boy by his school in Los Angeles for being exceptionally nice . "  One kid got hurt , and I helped him , " Youssif says . Another boy had gashed his arm , and Youssif applied an ice pack and helped stop the bleeding . He smiles and proudly clutches the award . He says he likes to help kids who get hurt because he once was . Seeing Youssif now , it 's hard to believe he 's the same boy CNN met in Baghdad four years ago -- the young boy who was grabbed by masked men , doused in gas and set on fire . Gone is the sullen , angry child , the one who withdrew when asked questions about his pain and what happened that day . He was so savagely disfigured it looked as though his face melted and then froze into rivers that cut through swollen hard flesh . Since then , he 's undergone dozens of facial reconstructive surgeries in California and been through extensive counseling with his family . He still has scars from the attack , but it 's his upbeat attitude that 's most impressive . He points to a recent photo . He says his looks no longer bother him . "  Because , like , none of my other friends make fun of me , " he says in perfectly American-accented English . His mother beams . "  His personality has changed so much , " says Zaineb . "  The way he interacts with people -- everything . It began as soon as he started school and realized that the children do n't care about his appearance . It allowed him to have a normal life . " ` The skin melted off ' Youssif , now 9 , no longer remembers the details of that horrific day in Baghdad . CNN 's Arwa Damon 's original report It was January 15 , 2007 , the same day the "  surge " of American troops began in the Iraqi capital to cut down on sectarian violence that plagued Baghdad . Youssif played outside . His mother was upstairs when she heard her boy screaming . She rushed outside . "  I thought someone was fighting or something , " Zaineb said in 2007 . When the mother first saw her son on fire , she fainted . When she awoke , she barely recognized him . "  His head was so swollen , you could n't see his eyes , and his nose was pushed in . "  The skin was melted off . " Youssif 's mom : Why my son ? He spent two months in an Iraqi hospital , where he received primitive care . His father , Wissam , was determined to get his son help . He pleaded with doctors and government officials -- anyone -- to give his son proper medical care . No one would listen . Doctors told the family there was little they could do to help the child . His dad ended up on CNN 's doorstep in Baghdad , desperate to tell his son 's story , anything to help get his little boy 's smile back . When CNN first aired Youssif 's story , viewers around the world responded to the family 's plea , donating hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Children 's Burn Foundation , a Los Angeles-based foundation that took on his case . His mental recovery has by far outpaced his physical one . He still needs more surgeries . Treating Youssif has been challenging , his doctors say , because his skin tends not to heal well . His doctors want to slow down the pace of surgeries for now to determine how his scar tissue and skin will develop and change as he gets older . He loves soccer and plays on a local team . "  I never used to do that in my country , " he says , "  because it was kind of dangerous there . " He wants to be a doctor so he can help others when he grows up . Immigrant life in the U.S. Life in the United States has n't been easy . The family remains grateful for those who 've helped them on their journey , but the realities of an immigrant family have sunk in . The family struggles on their father 's salary of $ 9 an hour as a security guard . To help make ends meet , they receive welfare and food stamps . Youssif 's surgeries are covered by California Children 's Services , as they be would for other children with disabilities who live in the state . The family , which has political asylum , has expanded since arriving in the U.S. -- baby Mustafa was born two years ago . Youssif and his 5-year-old sister , Aya , hope to become American citizens one day , too . Youssif 's family arrives in U.S. . The family lives in a cramped one-bedroom apartment . Youssif and his sister sleep on the floor . "  I am trying to just help my kids , let them live like a normal life . It 's very hard for them , " Wissam said . On a recent outing at a California beach , Youssif raced along the water 's edge . He stopped and scooped up a sand ball . "  You better not get close . This is a muddy one , " he said . I armed myself with seaweed . He ran shrieking toward the water . "  This is going to be more fun than last time , " he said . The last time was when the family first arrived in the United States in September 2007 . Youssif had never seen the ocean before : He laughed and giggled every time the waves crashed against his feet . The ocean still brings that healing quality . Between our sand ball fights , Youssif grows reflective . He 's lived nearly half his life in the U.S. . He loves it here , but he 's still desperately homesick . He wishes he could go back to Iraq . "  Because it 's kind of my country , and I miss everyone I used to know there . " Yet he and his family know a return home will likely not come anytime soon . Youssif 's father says family members back in Iraq say it remains far too dangerous . "  They tell me it 's still not safe . Sometimes when I tell them , ' I wish I could visit you , ' they say , ` No , you can not come . ' " And with U.S. troops preparing for their final pullout by the end of the year , the family worries they may never be able to go back home .	Masked men doused Youssif in gas and set him on fire in 2007 in Baghdad Boy has undergone extensive facial reconstruction and counseling in U.S. Reality of immigrant life in U.S. has sunk in for family Youssif says he hopes to become a doctor to help others one day
SHENANDOAH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Crystal Dillman says she will never understand why a group of teenage boys beat her fiancé to death . She says she will spend the rest of her life seeking answers -- and justice -- for the man she has lost as she struggles alone to raise her three young children . "  My life is forever destroyed , " said Dillman , who was 24 at the time of her fiancé 's death . "  My family is forever destroyed . " Her fiancé , Luis Ramirez , an undocumented Mexican immigrant , was walking down the street in Shenandoah , Pennsylvania , on July 12 , 2008 , with Dillman 's half-sister , who is white . A fight broke out between him and a group of white high school football players . He died from his injuries two days later , leaving a small community stunned at the brutality of the crime . A central issue in the case is race in a town with a reputation for being an ethnic melting pot . Witness Eileen Burke said she heard the group call Ramirez a "  spic . " One of the boys who was charged as a juvenile , Brian Scully , admitted telling Ramirez to "  go home , you Mexican motherf -- er . " Residents speak out about the crime , racial overtones Scully was charged with ethnic intimidation . Another teen pleaded guilty to federal civil rights violations in a plea deal . But two teens who faced a local jury were acquitted of charges of ethnic intimidation . Dillman does n't doubt that the attack was racially motivated . "  They said some racist remarks to him , " Dillman said of the teens . "  Truly , in my heart , I believe they beat him up because he was Latino . " Many in Shenandoah deny that race played a role and say it was just a street fight gone wrong . The young men involved were ordinary high school students -- good kids , according to their families , friends and coaches . Shenandoah resident interrupts CNN interview It took almost two weeks for arrests to be made . But on July 25 , Colin J. Walsh , 17 , and Brandon J. Piekarsky , 16 , were charged as adults with homicide and ethnic intimidation . Derrick M. Donchak , 18 , was charged as an adult with aggravated assault and ethnic intimidation . Walsh , who admitted throwing a punch that left Ramirez unconscious , got straight A 's in school and ran track . His father says he was never a troublemaker . See photos of key figures in the case But how do ordinary kids get caught up in such a brutal incident ? Experts say everyone has biases , and violent instincts are common , especially in young adults . Young offenders "  Hate is part of our culture , " said Jack Levin of the Brudnick Center on Violence at Northeastern University . "  It transcends generations , it 's widely shared , and it 's learned from an early age , " Levin said . "  Even otherwise decent , honorable people can be pulled into it . " Jack McDevitt of Northeastern University 's Institute on Race and Justice said , "  We all carry around biases with us , and it 's not the extraordinary monster that decides to act on it . Generally speaking , it 's someone more like us and our children than a member of the -LSB- Ku Klux -RSB- Klan . " Research conducted by both Levin and McDevitt shows that there are three major types of hate crime offenders : • "  Thrill seekers " who look for excitement and power in attacking a person they perceive as different . • "  Retaliators " who seek revenge for a real or perceived crime against someone similar to the attacker . • "  Defenders " who are trying to protect their neighborhood or way of life . Perhaps the most expected type is also the rarest : an offender who may be a member of a group like the KKK and has a deep-seated hatred of a specific ethnic group . "  Hate criminals , most of them young men , believe they are carrying out the fervent , unspoken wishes of their communities , " said Mark Potok , director of the Southern Poverty Law Center 's Intelligence Report . McDevitt says offenders often "  believe other people share their biases ... everybody feels the way they do , or at least the majority . " By taking action , he says , they think "  they 're being heroic while others are scared . " Communities most likely to experience a hate crime have a "  special combination of ethnic homogeneity and a rapid in-migration of groups perceived to be outsiders , " according to Donald Green , a professor at Yale University . He says a "  flashpoint " can occur "  when there 's a boundary-crossing . " For example , "  an inter-ethnic , inter-sex relationship on public display . " Offenders sense that an outside group is crossing a boundary , and when women are involved , it can trigger a defensive reaction , especially among young men . Shenandoah 's rich immigrant heritage has long been a source of pride in the former coal-mining town , and families have held tight to their cultural traditions for generations . But an influx of Latinos in the late 1990s brought some discomfort . Cheap housing and jobs in agriculture and construction drew undocumented immigrants -- among legal Latino residents and citizens -- to a community that was struggling economically . Crimes against Latinos rising FBI statistics show that anti-Latino crimes are on the rise . There were 595 anti-Latino crimes in 2007 , up almost 40 percent from the 426 crimes in 2003 ; the Latino population in America grew only 14 percent during that time . In December , Ecuadorean Jose Osvaldo Sucuzhañay died after he was beaten with a baseball bat in Brooklyn , New York . One month earlier , a group of seven teenagers with a history of harassing Latinos went out looking for "  Mexicans to f -- up " and fatally stabbed Ecuadorean immigrant Marcelo Lucero in Patchogue , New York . FBI figures from 2007 show that anti-Latino attacks account for about 8 percent of all hate crimes . About 35 percent of hate crimes were directed at blacks , 16 percent at homosexuals and 13 percent at Jews . But experts say hate crimes in general are underreported . States are not required to report those figures to the FBI . And it can also be hard for law enforcement and prosecutors to prove that a perpetrator 's motive was hate , especially if a robbery occurs or the attacker had a prior relationship with the victim . Often , the victims themselves -- especially Latinos who may not be in the United States legally -- do n't report the crimes and may mistrust the police . McDevitt says many victims may not realize or want to acknowledge that they have been the target of a hate crime . Experts say communities can heal after hate crimes occur , and even prevent them from happening altogether , if local leaders take certain steps . "  Different people need to be welcomed , " McDevitt said . Donald Green says a community can portray change as positive , "  saying , ` we 've got more great restaurants , more people who work hard , more people who are family-oriented , ' " for example . Still struggling Eventually , Piekarsky was convicted of simple assault and consumption of alcohol , and Donchak was convicted of simple assault , and three counts of corruption of a minor , providing alcohol to minors and consumption of alcohol . The jury acquitted Piekarsky and Donchak of ethnic intimidation charges . Piekarsky was sentenced to between six and 23 months in prison and Donchak from seven to 23 months . Walsh pleaded guilty to violating Ramirez 's civil rights . More than a year after Ramirez 's death , Shenandoah is still struggling . Civil rights officials at the Department of Justice are investigating the death and the actions of the Shenandoah police officers who urged the boys to get their stories straight before talking to investigators . But there is no closure for Crystal Dillman . "  It 's not done for me , " she said , "  not by a long shot . That 's not justice at all . Not even close . "	Small town stunned by death of Mexican immigrant after fight with white teens Fiancèe : "  Truly , in my heart , I believe they beat him up because he was Latino " "  Hate is part of our culture , " expert says Watch CNN Presents "  Latino in America " tonight at 9 ET on CNN TV
CNN  -- Paris Saint-Germain 's list of honors are modest compared to the achievements of Europe 's top football clubs , but what the French side lacks in history is made up for in ambition . Since being taken over by Qatar Sports Investments in May 2011 , significant steps have been taken , on and off the pitch , to make sure PSG can challenge for major titles -- and new manager Carlo Ancelotti is under no illusions about what is expected of him . "  This club does not have a big history like Milan , like other clubs like Manchester United , like Real Madrid , like Barcelona , " the 52-year-old , who replaced Antoine Kombouare in December , told CNN . "  The aim is to reach that kind of level . " Formed in 1970 as a merger between Paris FC and Stade Saint-Germain , PSG 's last Ligue 1 crown -- and only second overall -- came in 1994 . Can Qatari cash make PSG a football force ? That was followed two years later by a European Cup Winners ' Cup triumph but , added to a collection of domestic knockout competition trophies , the haul falls well short of what new PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi expects . Ancelotti has won Europe 's top club competition as both player and coach with AC Milan , and is well aware of Al-Khelaifi 's vision for PSG and the need for him to deliver Champions League football to the Parc des Princes next season . "  His objective is very clear , " the former Chelsea manager said . "  To build a good image of the club , to build one of the top clubs in Europe . "  He wants my experience , my knowledge to help the club and the team to improve quickly . He has a fantastic passion for football and he knows everything . " Putting the pride back into PSG PSG 's spending spree so far includes the signing of Argentina playmaker Javier Pastore for a record French transfer fee . The club targeted superstar David Beckham and Argentina forward Carlos Tevez in December and January but both players ended up staying at their respective teams , Los Angeles Galaxy and Manchester City . Milan striker Alexandre Pato was another to turn down PSG 's advances , but he and fellow Brazil star Kaka of Real Madrid may yet move to Paris when the transfer window reopens in July . "  In the summer I think the market will be more open , " Ancelotti said . "  We will have more possibilities as compared to January but I think all the players can come . "  The club tried to reach an agreement with Beckham but I was not here . I was not involved in this thing and I think they were very close ; Beckham  said he might  come here but at the end decided to stay in Los Angeles to play with Galaxy . Cash for cups ? Qatar 's influence "  Tevez was a different thing because Tevez 's first choice was Milan , but he had a problem with Milan . The second choice was PSG but we did n't find an agreement economical with him and we were not able to buy for this reason . " Ancelotti 's appointment at PSG has also seen him reunited with Leonardo , who he managed in two separate spells at Milan . Leonardo also spent time working above Ancelotti at the San Siro after being appointed Milan 's technical director in 2008 . "  I have a good experience because he was my player in Milan and he was my boss in Milan at the same time . So I have a very good relationship , " the former Italy international said . "  But I think that one of the reasons I am here is because Leonardo knows me very well and knows what kind of a job I can do , so I think when we met for the first time I think we were agreed on everything . "	PSG coach Carlo Ancelotti says the club wants to rival Barcelona and Real Madrid The Italian says the club 's Qatari owners want to make PSG one of Europe 's top clubs Ancelotti confident PSG can recruit top players after failing to land Beckham and Tevez Former AC Milan coach glad to be reunited with his former player Leonardo
CNN  -- Despite facing a punishing air bombing campaign , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria continues to march across Syria . This week , it tightened its siege on the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani . Though it is too soon to write off the American strategy to "  degrade and ultimately destroy " ISIS by relying on air power and Syrian rebels , the opening week was a box office flop . For the operation to be a success , Washington should enlist the support of a group it has spurned : the Syrian Kurds . To explain : ISIS is the most powerful fighting force across northern and eastern Syria . Its main Islamist competitors have all been weakened in recent months . The Salafi brigade Ahrar al-Sham has seen its stock plummet after Qatar curtailed its funding and its leader died . ISIS chased the al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra out of its eastern strongholds of Deir al-Zour . And the Tawhid Brigade has been adrift ever since the death of its leader last year . But Washington is not pinning its hopes on these politically unsavory groups to dislodge ISIS . Instead , it has armed smaller and less powerful brigades from the loose umbrella organization known as the Free Syrian Army and has announced a program to train 5,000 rebels in Jordan and Saudi Arabia . Equipping the Free Syrian Army got off to a rocky start . Sources in Turkey told me this summer that one brigade tried selling American-supplied TOW anti-tank missiles to Jabhat al-Nusra for $ 25,000 this year . Throwing money , arms and training at Free Syrian Army units will not defeat ISIS . Instead , it will require a fundamental shift in the Free Syrian Army 's thinking . One of ISIS ' chief strengths is its unit cohesion . Its cadres are ideologically bound , fighting for the cause of Islam . These doctrinal bonds ensure that units stick together when they come under fire . In contrast , Free Syrian Army brigades often battle for material gain and social status . In combat , their forces frequently disintegrate , no longer acting as a team . I witnessed this myself while spending time with them on the front in 2012 and 2013 . There are also more mundane challenges . There are no rebel outfits that can confront ISIS in its Syrian bastion of Raqqa . In the summer of 2013 , the city 's strongest Free Syrian Army contingent , a loose alliance known as the 11th Brigade , mostly folded into Jabhat al-Nusra . When fighting erupted between ISIS and other organizations at the end of 2013 , ISIS ejected Ahrar al-Sham from the town . Today , it reigns supreme in Raqqa . To lay siege to the city , Free Syrian Army groups would have to travel approximately 100 miles from their northwestern strongholds in Aleppo and Idlib . Logistical constraints -- these brigades rarely fight beyond their home regions -- would make resupplying forward units with ammunition , food and fuel unfeasible . And if Washington is hoping for a civilian uprising to topple ISIS in Raqqa , it might have to wait until the Armageddon jihadists are predicting will occur in Syria . The Western media have depicted ISIS-controlled areas as slave markets where a terrorized civilian population lives in constant fear . But there 's evidence that many do not harbor such trepidation . Raqqans I spoke to via Skype and in Turkey said that many in the city support ISIS . And why would Syrians acquiesce to a group that seeks to control most facets of their lives ? Because , as President Bill Clinton famously quipped , "  It 's the economy , stupid . " In a war-torn country where civilians wait in line for hours to get bread , where they endure constant power outages and are hard-pressed to obtain fuel , Raqqans live on a paradise island of commodities . ISIS ' oil fields provide gas , its dams deliver electricity , and its efficient bureaucracy ensures that groceries are stocked with sufficient supplies of basic staples . President Barack Obama may believe that ISIS "  is certainly not a state , " but the Syrians under its control are grateful for its state services . Most important , the group ensures security in a country where there is none . The chaos and plunder that characterize Free Syrian Army-controlled areas are a distant nightmare . While the partially rebel-controlled city of Aleppo could be a stage set for a "  Mad Max " sequel , ISIS ' Raqqa is a field of dreams . The only other rebel-held areas that have a modicum of order are those under the control of the Kurdish Democratic Union Party  PYD  . The group rules the northern city of Qamishli and the villages surrounding it . Unlike Aleppo , the economy has not collapsed , and residents do not cut down trees for warmth . And in contrast to Raqqa , the secular Kurds have not driven out Qamishli 's Christians but instead have protected them . Moreover , Turkish fears that a Kurdish enclave would provide a safe haven for Turkish Kurds from the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  have proved unfounded . The Democratic Union Party has ensured calm on the border , and a grateful Turkish government has reciprocated by meeting with its leaders . But the Kurdish Democratic Union Party 's greatest asset is its willingness to fight ISIS . Long before Free Syrian Army brigades were willing to take on the jihadists , the Kurdish Democratic Union Party made the battle against them its chief objective . And while Free Syrian Army groups receiving arms from Washington , such as the Hazm Brigade and the 13th Division , have condemned the American airstrikes , the Kurdish Democratic Union Party has welcomed them . Yet despite this alignment of interests , Washington has shunned the group . It refuses to recognize the Kurdish Democratic Union Party or support it , because of its ties to the Kurdistan Workers Party , a State Department-designated terrorist organization since 1997 . In a country where America has so few allies , a change in policy is warranted . Relying on insignificant Free Syrian Army units will not be enough to topple the ISIS behemoth . Working with the Kurdish Democratic Union Party could help Washington reach its objective of destroying the organization .	Barak Barfi : As airstrikes against ISIS fail , Washington should look to Syrian Kurds ISIS is strongest force in northern , eastern Syria , he says ; Islamist rivals are weakened He says Kurds eager to fight , can supply the kind of order ISIS brings to conquered cities Barfi : Do n't rely on Free Syrian Army ; Kurds ' objectives more in line with D.C. 's
CNN  -- Virginia 's governor declared a state of emergency Friday as a winter storm expected to pummel the East Coast this weekend began dumping snow in Virginia and North Carolina . The storm is forecast to blast a narrow corridor from Richmond , Virginia , to Fredericksville , Pennsylvania , leaving interstates 95 , 81 , 64 and possibly 80 covered in significant snow , CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . Myers said areas like Charlottesville , Virginia , may rake in some of the highest snowfall accumulations , depending on how quickly the storm moves and whether it remains on course . Roads in the Western part of Virginia are already bad , with lots of accidents being reported , said Bob Spieldenner , Director of Public Affairs at the Virginia Department of Emergency . The Virginia State Police said Friday night at around 8 p.m. they were working 335 accidents . The hardest hit area so far was in Roanoke , Virginia , along I-81 , a spokesman with the Virginia Department of Transportation said . The Roanoke Regional Airport said it had cancelled all remaining flights for Friday night . An accident on I-26 in Western North Carolina has closed the entire interstate , and some drivers have been stuck so long on the road they have run out of fuel , according to CNN affiliate WSPA-TV . Power lines in the area were also beginning to fall and at least 38,000 residents were without power as of 7 p.m. , WSPA reported . The North Carolina State Highway Patrol said it was receiving high volumes of calls for service , either for accidents , stranded motorists or cars that ran off the road . Sgt. Jeff Gordon said that as of 10 p.m. Friday night the highway patrol had received 682 calls in the Asheville area , 623 calls in Newton , 682 calls in Salisbury and 513 calls in the Greensboro , Winston-Salem and High Point areas . I-77 near U.S. 21 was also blocked , Gordon said , because of a tractor-trailer jackknife . Gordon said there was about 8 to 12 inches of snow in Asheville . Snowfall differed across the state , he said , with 6 to 8 inches a couple of hours to the east of Asheville and only cold rain east of Raleigh . "  We have our hands full , but all in all I think we 're all working together to try and tackle this , " Gordon said . "  It 's just another example of Mother Nature 's wrath . " Depending on residents ' locations along the corridor , residents may see no snowfall or 20 inches , Myers said , noting that there may be only a 50 - or 60-mile difference between the two . WBTV : Heavy snow causes accidents , school closings A winter storm warning was in effect for East Coast metropolitan areas including Washington ; Baltimore , Maryland ; and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , according to the National Weather Service . The storm comes at a pivotal time for Washington . The Senate is embroiled in a contentious battle over the health care reform bill . Wintry conditions could delay commutes to work over the weekend . Washington Mayor Adrian Fenty said the city will be enacting a snow emergency plan , which will include 750 staff members working around the clock and 330 trucks out on the streets . "  We think this will be the biggest snowfall since 2003 , " Fenty said during a news conference , referring to a blizzard that dumped about 27 inches in the area . The National Weather Service in Washington increased its projections for the city to between 10 and 20 inches of snow , Myers said . Virgin America Airlines said it was canceling all incoming and outgoing flights to Washington/Dulles Airport on Saturday in advance of the storm . Fenty said workers are already preparing roads with a salt brine solution , in hopes of keeping the snow from piling up and sticking . He also said that as of 7 a.m. Saturday residents will not be allowed to park cars on the city 's 100 marked snow emergency routes , which are for the most part the same as the rush hour routes . In Maryland , state highway officials are also spraying a salt brine solution on highways and roads , CNN affiliate WBAL-TV in Baltimore reported . WBAL : Highways prepped ahead of storms The Baltimore Ravens pushed back the starting time of their Sunday football game from 1 p.m. to 4:15 p.m. because of the storm , according to the team 's site . In Asheville , North Carolina , snow covered the roads , making for difficult commutes . Some residents , like iReporter Ed Jenest , figured it was better to stay home . "  It 's a great day not to go anywhere , " he said . "  We 're listening to music and we 've got a fire going . " Air travelers en route to holiday destinations may face delays , said Tammy Jones , spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration . With snow expected to cloak much of the Northeast , the FAA may institute a ground-delay program if air travel conditions warrant . In such a case , the FAA informs the airlines at a certain airport that they will have to stay on the ground for a period of time , Jones said . "  Snow 's not so significant if you 're in the air , but on the ground , it can be problematic , " Jones said . Several airlines have issued travel alerts allowing for free rebooking of flights because of the storm . Some flights for the weekend have been canceled . A storm system developing over the northern Gulf of Mexico will move northeast up the mid-Atlantic on Saturday and "  will produce a swath of heavy snowfall , " the Weather Service said . Is snow headed your way ? Share photos and video of the wintry scene Southeastern New York may get 6 to 8 inches of snow , while Manhattan and central and eastern Long Island may get up to a foot . Blizzard conditions are also possible for Long Island , where winds are expected to hit 50 mph Saturday evening and Sunday morning . Mark Fayer , vice president of Long Island Transit Express bus service , which serves metropolitan New York , said he expected normal operations despite a little snow . "  We will be operating our normal schedules ; we do n't anticipate any delays that we ca n't handle , " Fayer said . Winter storm warnings are in effect for eastern Kentucky , western and central North Carolina , Virginia and West Virginia , Delaware , Maryland and parts of Pennsylvania . The storm is expected to cause chaos for weekend travelers and Christmas shoppers , but a UPS spokesman said shipped packages should n't be delayed . "  The good thing for us and our competitors is that this is happening on a weekend , " UPS spokesman Norman Black said . He says packages set for Monday delivery are "  on planes that land tonight and that offload tonight . " UPS never has packages in motion on a Sunday , even the Sunday before Christmas . And because Saturday volume is usually light -- because delivering on Saturday is a premium service -- Black expects few problems . That is , unless the roads are still a mess and airports are n't cleaned by Monday . "  That 's what we worry about , " he said . Journalist Craig Johnson contributed to this report .	NEW : WSPA : Accident closes I-26 in N.C. ; some motorists stuck so long they 've run out of fuel Washington mayor : "  We think this will be the biggest snowfall since 2003 " Virginia governor declares state of emergency Washington may get 2 feet of snow ; blizzard conditions possible for Long Island
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- U.S. President George W. Bush praised the U.S. relationship with South Korea on Wednesday and said the two nations should continue to work together to eliminate threats from North Korea . President George W. Bush and South Korean President Lee Myung-Bak attend a joint press conference in Seoul . Bush spoke during a news conference with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak . The stop in South Korea is part of Bush 's weeklong Asian tour . "  Our relationship is important vital and I believe it is strong , " Bush said . Bush said he was still concerned about North Korea and said the country has a long way to go before it is taken off his "  axis of evil list " as well as removing it from a list of countries that sponsor terrorism . "  I am concerned about North Korea 's human rights record , " Bush said "  I am concerned about the uranium enrichment ... " He spoke hours after thousands of protesters packed the streets of the South Korean capital Tuesday . Watch Bush speak on his hopes for his "  axis of evil " list " While some demonstrations were peaceful , violence erupted at other protest sites . In one instance , riot police fired a water cannon to keep the crowds at bay . Police said they detained about 80 protesters . They estimated about 2,700 people were participating in the protests , which included a candlelight march and a sit-in . But the organizers said some 10,000 were taking part in the demonstrations . Bush 's weeklong trip to the region is his ninth visit as president . See a map of Bush 's itinerary " His stop in Seoul comes just a few months after violent street protests erupted over worries about the safety of U.S. beef imports . While those tensions seem to have eased , the United States ' nuclear disarmament deal with North Korea is also a concern . Michael Green , a former Bush adviser on Asian affairs , and now with the Center for Strategic and International Studies , says Seoul 's proximity to North Korea contributes to an ongoing unease . "  The North Koreans have 11,000 artillery tubes and rockets aimed at the South Korean capital , so any little thing that we do with North Korea makes the South Koreans very jittery , " Green said . He added , "  On the other hand , the U.S. has to worry a great deal about where terrorists might get nuclear weapons or nuclear material . " After South Korea , the president will go to Thailand for what 's being billed as a major Asia policy speech before making his way to Beijing , China , for the Olympics . CNN 's Elaine Quijano and Kathy Paik contributed to this report .	NEW : Bush voices concerns on Pyongyang 's human rights , uranium enrichment He spoke hours after thousands protested in the streets of the South Korean capital He will next visit Thailand to make what 's being billed as major speech on Asia policy His Asia trip 's final stop is in Beijing , China , where he will attend Olympics
I found out that the May SAT test had been canceled across the whole of South Korea just a couple of hours after teachers were told . A chance conversation with a friend , who is a teacher at an international school here , revealed the scramble to organize alternative tests in other countries for young students hoping to get into elite U.S. universities . The decision was taken after a widespread cheating scandal was uncovered -- a number of scams were being employed to give some unscrupulous students and their parents advance warning about the questions to be included in the test . Cramming schools According to education insiders in South Korea , cheating has been going on for years with cramming schools known as "  Hakwons " mostly to blame . Hakwons provide extra lessons and coaching to ambitious children , who give up their evenings , weekends and holidays to study and revise for crucial exams . The Prosecutors Office in Seoul has confirmed it has so far raided several of Hakwons looking for evidence -- all 68 registered Hakwons being urgently inspected , according to media reports . The problem is there are hundreds of unregistered and unregulated cramming schools and tutors in the capital alone , who may be willing to cut corners to improve their results and earn themselves more customers . Selling papers It is likely the scandal has tentacles extending across Asia . Brokers in Southeast Asian countries like Thailand are understood to have acquired SAT test papers in advance , selling them for large sums to middle men . At one of the raided schools in South Korea , a flustered teacher insisted off camera that his Hakwon had done nothing wrong . But at another cramming school , not implicated in the scandal , Vice Principal Byung Yeob Yoon claimed cheating is well known among super ambitious "  tiger " parents and their "  cub " kids , as they are known here , with tens of thousands of dollars changing hands for the test papers . "  The pressure is there to get the scores . They know there are some avenues where you can achieve higher results , through unsavory or unethical means , and this is a very combustible mixture , " he said . "  We get a lot of tiger moms and tiger cubs , and that 's why all this hyper competition is happening and that 's why people are finding ways to you know skirt the system . " "  Just from the grapevine I have heard , tens of thousands of dollars  changes hands  for access to these tests . A lot of parents know where to go , whether it 's a subject text or SAT 1 . " Difficult decision The College Board , which runs the SAT system , has issued a statement explaining why it canceled the May SAT test in South Korea . "  The College Board and ETS have made the difficult but necessary decision to cancel the May 2013 administration of the SAT and SAT Subject Tests at all test centers in the Republic of Korea . "  This action is being taken in response to information provided to ETS -- the College Board 's vendor for global test administration and security -- by the Supreme Prosecutors ' Office regarding tutoring companies in the Republic of Korea that are alleged to have illegally obtained SAT and SAT Subject Test materials for their own commercial benefit . "  The College Board and ETS explored every reasonable alternative to preserve the May 2013 administration before making the decision to cancel , and we recognize that this decision will be met with disappointment by the students in the Republic of Korea who planned to take the May 2013 SAT or SAT Subject Tests as part of the college admission process . " Plan ` B ' But hardworking students who have not cheated are being penalized by the cancellation of the test . At South Korea 's most expensive boarding school , North London Collegiate School  NLCS  on Jeju Island , pupils are scrambling to make alternative arrangements to sit the SAT in other countries like Japan or Hong Kong . Eighteen-year-old Sophie Lee will sit her SAT test in Hong Kong , much to the annoyance of her parents who will have to pay for the trip . She 's hoping to study architecture at the Rhode Island School of Design in the U.S. and needs a good SAT score to get in . Nick Kim ,17 , wants to study engineering or economic management either in the U.S. or UK , but he 's going to have to wait for another SAT test , possibly meaning he 'll miss his chance of going to university next year . His friend Henry Kim needs a near perfect score of 2,300 out of a maximum 2,400 in his SATS to read physics and engineering in the U.S. , so he 's traveling to Japan to sit the exam , despite speaking no Japanese . He admits it 's putting extra stress on him and may affect his score . "  We are getting penalized for the fact that other people cheated or tried to cheat , " he tells me indignantly . Toby Waterson , a teacher at NLCS , is concerned about the damage to the reputation of Korea 's education system . "  I just worry about the tarnish that Korean SAT centers have received in this whole process and I worry therefore about the university places that are going to be offered to our students . " Principal Peter Daly is also worried , but says he 's not surprised that Korea 's hyper competitive school system has produced a cheating scandal . "  The nature of the Koreans is that they have to be number one , they have to be top , the famous phrase in Korea is that ' A minus is the Korean , ' F so it has to be number one . As a result these sort of things unfortunately have happened . "	South Korea SAT tests canceled after cheating scandal was uncovered Scams gave unscrupulous students , parents advance warning about questions SAT tests used to enable students to get into colleges abroad Scandal focusing on "  Hakwons " or cramming schools for extra tuition
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- Sudan threatened to withdraw from peace talks with rebels in the western Darfur region unless an agreement was struck by Thursday . "  If we reach an agreement tomorrow then God be praised but if we do n't then we will withdraw our negotiating team , " President Omar al-Bashir said at a rally Wednesday in Nyala , the capital of South Darfur state . Al-Bashir , who is wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in the western Darfur region , said he would not deal with rebels bearing arms after the talks ended in Doha , Qatar . "  These  rebel  movements are enjoying the negotiation process and their residency in foreign hotels while the people of Darfur are suffering the flames of war , " al-Bashir said . "  We will not negotiate with anyone who carries a gun and claims to lead an armed group that represents the will of the people . " The anti-government Justice and Equality Movement called al-Bashir 's statement a declaration of war . "  What the president said yesterday has blocked the way ahead on the road to a political solution , " said a statement from Ahmed Hussein Adam , a spokesman for the group . "  It is a declaration of war and a limiting of any future chance for peace . " Fighting erupted in 2003 between rebel groups and al-Bashir 's Arab-dominated government in Khartoum . More than 300,000 people have been killed in this desolate region , where hopes for peace have gone up and down over the last few months . Negotiators had previously set a December 31 deadline for agreement in the peace talks , which have so far not made much progress . The deadline was ahead of a key referendum on independence for Southern Sudan that begins January 9 . North and South , dominated by non-Arab Christians and animists , have fought one of Africa 's longest-running civil wars . The Darfur conflict is separate from the North-South divide , but independence for the South could help embolden rebels in Darfur .	Omar al-Bashir says unless a deal is reached Thursday , the talks will end Deadly violence between rebels and the Khartoum government erupted in 2003 Al-Bashir is wanted for crimes against humanity
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council voted unanimously Thursday to end military operations in Libya . The council adopted a resolution that rescinded its March mandate for military intervention in Libya , effectively ending the NATO mission there as of Monday . Meanwhile , U.S. officials said that 24 seriously wounded Libyan fighters will be taken Saturday to Spaulding Hospital in Boston , and six critically wounded fighters will be taken to Germany for U.S. medical care there . Their wounds ca n't be treated in Libya , officials said . The U.S. medical treatment was requested by Libya 's National Transitional Council and is being offered as a humanitarian gesture and support for Libya 's democratic aspirations , U.S. officials said . Libya 's interim leaders declared their nation liberated last Sunday after the capture and killing of deposed dictator Moammar Gadhafi . Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , commended the NATO mission as putting Libya on a path to freedom but tempered her remarks with a word of caution . "  We 're very concerned that , as we move forward , that the authorities make maximum effort to swiftly form an inclusive government that incorporates all aspects of Libyan society , and in which the rights of all Libyan people are fully and thoroughly respected , regardless of their gender , their religion , their region of origin , " Rice said . "  But for the United States , and , I think , for the United Nations Security Council , this closes what I think history will judge to be a proud chapter in the Security Council 's history . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague described the Security Council passage of Resolution 2016 as "  another significant milestone towards a peaceful , democratic future for Libya . Ending the no-fly zone and the civilian protection provisions demonstrates that Libya has entered a new era . " The French ambassador called it a completion of a mission to prevent Gadhafi from slaughtering his own people . "  During the seven months that have followed , we have seen dramatic events where the Libyan people have succeeded to free themselves with the support of NATO , " said Gerard Araud . Meanwhile , Gadhafi 's family will file a war crimes complaint with the International Criminal Court against NATO , a lawyer representing the family said Thursday . Members of the family believe NATO 's actions led to Gadhafi 's death last week , said Marcel Ceccaldi . "  All of the events that have taken place since February 2011 and the murder of Gadhafi , all of this means we are totally in our right to call upon the International Criminal Court , " Ceccaldi said . The ICC had previously issued a warrant for Gadhafi 's arrest , accusing him of crimes against humanity . It still has warrants out for the arrest of Gadhafi 's son , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , and his brother-in-law and intelligence chief , Abdullah al-Sanussi . Questions have been raised about how Gadhafi was killed . Amateur videos showed him alive when captured by the opposition . He died from a shot in the head , officials said , but the circumstances surrounding the shot remain unclear . Ceccaldi said the Gadhafi family 's complaint will be filed in the coming days . "  Now we will wait and see if the ICC is a judicial system which is independent and impartial , " he added . NATO 's Libya campaign began in March , after the Security Council adopted Resolution 1973 , which imposed a no-fly zone in the country 's airspace and authorized member states "  to take all necessary measures to protect civilians under threat of attack in the country ... while excluding a foreign occupation force of any form on any part of Libyan territory . " There were no opposing votes on the 15-member council , but China , Russia , Germany , India and Brazil abstained . Germany said it was concerned about a protracted military conflict . The resolution became the basis for NATO 's airstrikes in the North African nation . In ending the mandate Thursday , the Security Council expressed concern at the proliferation of arms in Libya and said it intends to address that issue further . The resolution also expressed "  grave concern about continuing reports of reprisals , arbitrary detentions , wrongful imprisonment and extrajudicial executions . " Last week , U.S. Admiral James Stavridis , commander of NATO 's military forces , recommended that NATO wrap up its mission in Libya by October 31 . NATO ministers gave preliminary approval to that plan . But U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said this week that Libya 's National Transitional Council wanted NATO to stick around until it could establish governance . However , Libyan Deputy Ambassador Ibrahim Dabbashi told the 15-member council Wednesday that the Libyan people were looking forward to ending the NATO mission . While Libyans were grateful for the international community 's support , he said , such measures felt like an infringement on Libya 's sovereignty .	24 injured Libyan fighters will be treated in Boston ; 6 more , in Germany Moammar Gadhafi 's family will file a complaint against NATO Thursday 's U.N. resolution ends the NATO mission as of Monday A March resolution authorized "  all necessary measures " to protect civilians
CNN  -- No major security problems were reported at Michael Jackson 's public memorial service on Tuesday in Los Angeles , California , according to police . Police gather Tuesday morning in Los Angeles for Michael Jackson 's public memorial . The only controversy concerned the issue of who ultimately would pay for the city 's efforts to heighten security as thousands of people from around the world flooded the city to say farewell to the pop icon , who died of unknown causes on June 25 . A budget crisis pushed the city to ask the public for help in paying for security at the memorial . It set up a Web site where fans can donate . The city is hoping to recoup some of the estimated $ 2 million to $ 4 million it cost to have thousands of police and firefighters on hand in case of an emergency . Matt Szabo , spokesman for Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , said providing security at the event was the city 's "  obligation " and its "  No. 1 priority . " But the city does need help , he said . "  Nothing could tarnish this event more than having a public safety disturbance of any kind , " he said . "  We 're working to make sure that does n't happen . And we 're asking Michael Jackson fans to help contribute . " Visit the donation Web site Los Angeles faces a budget crisis and has amassed $ 530 million in debt . The state of California 's budget deficit has climbed to $ 24 billion . "  Even though we 're the entertainment capital of the world , we 're not immune to the recession , " Szabo said . Los Angeles Councilwoman Jan Perry said last week that the city would pay for the security efforts . But there remains some dispute . Los Angeles City Councilman Dennis Zine on Monday called for AEG , the company that owns the Staples Center , to cover all costs of the memorial , arguing the public should not foot any of the bill , according to the Los Angeles Times . The city provided security downtown , where the public memorial for Jackson was held , and also at the Jackson family 's private service earlier in the morning . Police said crowds outside the public memorial were not as large as they had anticipated . Between 5,000 and 15,000 people without tickets showed support for the pop star by waiting outside the Staples Center during the service , said Jim McDonnell , an assistant Los Angeles police chief . An exact count was not immediately available . Some 11,000 members of the public got free tickets to attend the memorial in the Staples Center after being chosen through a lottery . Another 6,500 were ticketed to watch it on a screen at the nearby Nokia Theater . About 1.6 million had vied for those tickets online . See performances from the memorial " Police asked members of the public without tickets to stay home . Before the memorial began , Police Chief William Bratton said he expected a security effort not seen in decades , calling Jackson 's memorial the "  largest event we 've planned for since the 1984 Olympics . " About 3,000 police officers were on hand to ensure the Jackson events proceeded smoothly , McDonnell said . By comparison , about 2,000 officers were deployed for last month 's parade and celebration at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for the Los Anegeles Lakers , who had won the NBA championship . By 1 p.m. local time , no police reports had been filed in relation to the event , said Richard French , a police spokesman . Police closed a several-block area outside the Staples Center and closed highway exits near downtown Los Angeles during the event . People without tickets or media passes were not allowed in that closed zone , said Earl Paysinger , an assistant police chief in Los Angeles . Helicopters flew overhead , and sheriff 's deputies strolled through with bomb-sniffing dogs . But the security did not seem to affect the reflective and at times festive mood at Jackson 's remembrance , according to CNN correspondents .	NEW : City of Los Angeles taking donations for security efforts via its Web site Crowds do not meet police expectations ; as many as 15,000 wait outside Security at the event is expected to cost from $ 2 million to $ 4 million No police reports were filed in relation to the service , police say
MMN.com  -- Lulu and I have had our share of training issues , from mastering the down command to heeling during walks . Lulu may be 7 years old , but she 's still learning new skills . Whether you have a puppy or an older dog , it 's never too late to tackle basic commands . I asked professional dog trainers to share the most prevalent behavior issues , along with solutions . You may have read about the top five most common problems . Here are five more predictable issues and tips for overcoming them . Problem : The dog wo n't come when called When you call your pooch , do you hear crickets rather than a tinkling collar ? Dog trainer Sarah Wilson suggests that the whole family try an old-fashioned game of hide and seek . Be sure to offer plenty of praise when your pup finds each family member . "  Come is the command people practice the least , " says Wilson , founder of an online training forum called My Smart Puppy . Hide and seek keeps dogs mentally stimulated while altering the dynamics of your relationship . "  It 's the dog 's job to keep up with you , not your job to keep up with the dog , " she says . Use the "  come " command before each meal , and make sure dogs sit before digging into that bowl of kibble . Wilson also likes to train pets using their favorite squeaky toy . Remove all other toys , say the "  come " command , and then squeak the toy . Over time , your dog will understand that the command leads to wonderful treats . Just be sure to practice inside as well as outside , Wilson warns . MNN : How to find a reputable dog trainer "  If they wo n't leave a biscuit on the ground , they wo n't leave a squirrel outside the house , " she says . "  Start with a treat , then the ball and work your way up . " As you practice the "  come " command , dog trainer Andrew Zbeeb of Frogs to Dogs in Atlanta suggests adding focus exercises to the mix . He likes to use high-value treats when challenging dogs outside . Invest in a long leash and get your dog 's attention before running backward while holding the treat . "  As we run backward , the dog follows , " he says . "  Then we stop and say , ` come . ' The dog learns it is running toward its handlers and being rewarded for doing so . " Increase the distance over time and slowly encourage your dog to sit and stay after it approaches . Remember , training involves trial and error so be patient . Zbeeb warns against repeating commands , even when you get frustrated . "  Stop asking your dog 30 times to come , " he says . "  They do n't know what it means and they do n't want to follow you , so you are wasting your breath . Teach them what it means to come . When they know what that means , you can teach the dog . " Problem : Inappropriate interaction with kids . Kids between the ages of 5 and 9 have the highest rate of dog bite injuries , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . While injuries related to dog bites have been decreasing in recent years , Wilson says parents should exercise caution when assigning dog-related tasks to the kids . "  If you ca n't walk the dog easily and safely , do n't ask the child to do it , " she says . "  If you ca n't feed the dog safely , do n't ask the child to do it . " MNN : Yes , your dog can peacefully coexist with people Most trainers also encourage parents to bring kids to obedience classes . This reinforces everyone 's role in caring for a family pet . Wilson also stresses that kids follow the Golden Rule.Â "  Never allow the child to do to a dog what you would n't allow them to do to a younger child ; no chasing or pulling , " says Wilson . "  Teach kids that a dog 's body language is quite a bit like ours . If they do n't look at you , is that friendly ? No . " She also tells kids to use caution when approaching dogs . If the dog ignores people , she says that means they are not interested in playing . Take it as a sign to leave them alone . Even with training , some pets simply do not interact well around strange people or pets . To address potential etiquette issues that may arise during walks , a group of frustrated dog owners created a Facebook page called DINOS : Dogs in Need of Space . One Facebook fan handles unwanted advances by saying , "  My dog just is n't that into you . " Problem : The dog is unruly around other pets . Pay close attention to pets and watch for signs that they are n't getting along . Wilson stresses that cats need plenty of escape routes so that they can move up and away from unruly dogs . It also helps to keep dogs on a leash when visiting a home with other pets . Sometimes young , four-legged guests can cause trouble . When an older dog growls at a puppy , Wilson corrects the puppy first.Â MNN : How to jog with your dog "  Usually the older dog is growling because it already said , ` Leave me alone , ' and the pup did n't , " she says . "  Everyone has a right to their own space . Also , limit hard , fast play . The faster everyone is going , the bigger chance for injury . " Problem : Separation anxiety Dog trainer and police officer Michael Upshur of Dogma Dog Care says several pet owners call seeking help with separation anxiety . Many of the cases involve small dogs  aka purse pooches  that become destructive because they so rarely spend time alone . To correct the issue , he tells pet owners to leave dogs alone for five minutes , return and offer praise . Increase the duration until your dog learns that it will be fine alone . He also says owners should let dogs be dogs . Research the characteristics and temperament of your dog 's breed . For guidance , check out the American Kennel Club website , which lists detailed information on more than 150 breeds . If you have a mutt , talk to your veterinarian for guidance or focus on the breeds your dog resembles most . Upshur adds that mental and physical stimulation also help deter destructive behavior . Â "  A lot of people think walking is the only exercise a dog needs , " he says . "  A dog needs to run , too . Let them get out and stretch their legs and you will have a very well-behaved dog . " MNN : Gingrich launches Pets with Newt website Problem : Leash aggression I 've had my share of chiropractic adjustments due to Lulu tugging on the leash . When dogs pull on the leash , Upshur starts by correcting the owner . "  That dog is reading your body language , " he says . "  If the owner pays attention to a stray dog , the dog will pay attention . The more tension you have , the more the dog goes into protection mode or flight mode . " Upshur tells owners to walk with confidence and move away from distractions such as stray dogs or children playing . To build a dog 's confidence , he suggests exploring the entire neighborhood during walks . This helps your dog overcome any fear of car sounds and other distractions . "  The dog needs to know that the owner is not going to let anything happen , " he says . "  Walk with confidence and do n't slow down . " From now on , I 'll be channeling Beyonce 's alter ego , Sasha Fierce , during my walks with Lulu . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Kids between the ages of 5 and 9 have the highest rate of dog bite injuries Hide and seek keeps dogs mentally stimulated while altering dynamics of a relationship Even with training , some pets simply do not interact well around strange people or pets
CNN  -- Human decisions have complex roots : history , circumstance , personality , even chance . So it 's a dangerous game to oversimplify reality , isolate causation and attribute any particular course of action to one or another singular motive . But let me tempt fate , since some recent government decisions suggest important issues for public discussion . Over the past several weeks , press accounts have outlined a series of Obama administration moves dealing with the cyberdefense of the United States . According to one report , the Department of Defense will add some 4,000 personnel to U.S. Cyber Command , on top of a current base of fewer than a thousand . The command will also pick up a "  national defense " mission to protect critical infrastructure by disabling would-be aggressors . A second report reveals another administration decision , very reminiscent of the Bush Doctrine of preemption , to strike first when there is imminent danger of serious cyberattack against the United States . Both of these represent dramatic and largely welcome moves . But they also suggest the failure of a deeper national policy process and , more importantly , the failure to develop national consensus on some very difficult issues . Chinese military leading cyber attacks Let me reason by analogy , and in this case the analogy is the program of targeted killings supported and indeed expanded by the Obama administration . Again , I have no legal or moral objections to killing those who threaten us . We are , as the administration rightly holds , in a global state of war with al Qaeda and its affiliates . But at the level of policy , killing terrorists rather than capturing them seems to be the default option , and part of that dynamic is fairly attributable to our inability to decide where to put a detainee once we have decided to detain him . Congress wo n't let him into the United States unless he is going before a criminal court , and the administration will not send him to Guantanamo despite the legitimate claim that a nation at war has the right to detain enemy combatants without trial . Failing to come to agreement on the implications of the "  we are at war " position , we have made it so legally difficult and so politically dangerous to detain anyone that we seem to default to killing those who would do us harm . Clearly , it 's an easier path : no debates over the location or conditions of confinement . Frequently such action can be kept covert . Decision-making is confined to one branch of government . Congress is "  notified . " Courts are not involved . Besides , we are powerful . We have technology at our fingertips . We know that we can be precise , and the professionalism of our combatants allows them to easily meet the standards of proportionality and distinction  between combatants and noncombatants  in such strikes , despite claims to the contrary . And we also believe that we can live with the second and third order effects of targeted killings . We believe that the care we show will set high standards for the use of such weapons by others who will inevitably follow us . We also believe that any long-term blowback  akin to what Gen. Stanley McChrystal calls the image of "  arrogance " such strikes create  is more than offset by the immediate effects on America 's safety . I agree with much of the above . But I also fear that the lack of political consensus at home can drive us to routinely exercise an option whose long-term effects are hard to discern . Which brings us back to last week 's stories on American cyberdefense . In the last Congress , there were two prominent bills introduced to strengthen America 's cyberdefenses . Neither came close to passing . In the Senate , the Collins-Lieberman Bill created a near perfect storm with the American Civil Liberties Union and the American Chamber of Commerce weighing in strongly against the legislation . That two such disparate bodies had issues with the legislation should suggest how far we are from a national consensus . In the House , a modest proposal from the Intelligence Committee to enhance cybersharing between the private sector and the National Security Agency was met with a presidential veto threat over alleged privacy concerns and was never even considered by the Senate . Indeed , my preferred option -- a more active and well-regulated role for NSA and Cyber Command on and for American networks -- is almost a third rail in the debate over U.S. cybersecurity . The cybertalent and firepower at Fort Meade , where both are headquartered , are on a short leash because few dare to even address what we would ask them to do or what we would permit them to do on domestic networks . And hence , last week 's "  decisions . " Rather than settle the roles of these institutions by dealing with the tough issues of security and privacy domestically , we have opted for a policy not unlike targeted killing . Rather than opt for the painful process of building consensus at home , we are opting for "  killing " threats abroad in their "  safe haven . " We appear more willing to preempt perceived threats "  over there " than spill the domestic political blood that would be needed to settle questions about standards for the defense of critical infrastructure , the role of government surveillance or even questions of information sharing . And we seem willing to live with the consequences , not unlike those of targeted killings , of the precedent we set with a policy to shoot on warning . I understand the advantage that accrues to the offense in dealing with terrorists or cyberthreats . I also accept the underlying legality and morality of preemptive drone or cyberstrikes . I just hope that we do n't do either merely because we do n't have the courage to face ourselves and make some hard decisions at home . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Hayden .	Obama administration beefing up effort to counter cyberattacks Michael Hayden says emphasis is on striking first , as the U.S. does with drone attacks Ex-CIA director says drone policy reflects lack of consensus on handling prisoners Hayden : Is killing terrorists preferred because of division over how to try them ?
CNN  -- A U.S. soldier accused of killing civilians in Afghanistan will face a court-martial on murder and other charges , as recommended by an Army officer . The document approving the recommendation for the court-martial of Spc. Jeremy Morlock was signed by the officer in charge Friday . It was obtained by CNN , along with other documents , that summarize last week 's hearing at an Army-Air Force installation outside Tacoma , Washington , where prosecutors presented evidence against against Morlock . Base officials would not confirm the authenticity of the document , which has not been publicly released . Morlock is one of five members of the Army 's 5th Stryker Brigade who is accused of premeditated murder in a series of incidents between January and May . He has been charged with three counts of premeditated murder and several other charges , including obstruction of justice , assault and using drugs . Morlock 's attorneys argued during last week 's hearing that he was operating at "  diminished mental capacity " because of the use of drugs , including hashish and pain medication . But the recommendation from the investigating officer found "  no evidence that the accused was behaving in an erratic , impaired or irrational manner " at the time of the killings . In addition to the five men charged with murder , seven other soldiers from the same unit face charges ranging from conspiracy and interfering in a military investigation to drug use -- specifically hashish -- while in Afghanistan .	NEW : Spc. Jeremy Morlock will face court-martial NEW : Recommendation was approved and signed by officer in charge Documents containing court-martial recommendation obtained by CNN Morlock is one of 5 soldiers charged with murdering Afghan civilians
London  CNN  -- Police investigating the disappearance of three-year-old Madeleine McCann from a holiday apartment in Portugal in 2007 say they are hunting a man who assaulted five other British girls in resorts on the Algarve between 2004 and 2006 . The announcement is the latest development in a long-running and controversial hunt for the missing girl . When and where was Madeleine last seen ? Madeleine McCann was a few days shy of her fourth birthday when she vanished from her family 's holiday apartment in the Portuguese resort of Praia da Luz on May 3 , 2007 . Her parents , Kate and Gerry , had left Madeleine and her younger twin siblings , Sean and Amelie , asleep while they went for dinner with friends at a tapas restaurant nearby . Kate McCann raised the alarm at about 10pm that evening when she returned to check on the children and discovered that Madeleine was missing ; the window of the children 's room was open . What happened next ? The case sparked worldwide interest , boosted by a massive publicity campaign launched by the McCanns , who are doctors from Leicestershire in central England . A large reward was offered for information on Madeleine 's whereabouts , including contributions from "  Harry Potter " author J.K. Rowling , pop mogul Simon Cowell , and businessman Richard Branson . Appeals for help to trace the missing girl were issued by footballers including David Beckham and Cristiano Ronaldo . The McCanns traveled widely to publicize the search for their daughter . The couple , who are Roman Catholics , also met the then-Pope Benedict XVI in Rome to ask him to pray for Madeleine 's safe return . Who were the early suspects in the case ? Portuguese police named Robert Murat , a British man living in Portugal , as an "  arguido " , or official suspect , some 10 days into the investigation ; Murat denied the allegations and insisted he was innocent . The case against him was later dropped , and he received an apology and damages from several UK newspapers after reaching an out-of-court settlement with them over libel claims . In September 2007 , Kate and Gerry McCann were themselves named as suspects by Portuguese investigators , amid reports DNA had been found in a car they rented weeks after Madeleine vanished . They strenuously denied the allegations , and Portuguese police closed the case against them in July 2008 . The couple accepted $ 1.1 m in libel damages , and secured front page apologies from UK newspapers the Daily Star and Daily Express over reports suggesting they were involved in their daughter 's disappearance . In 2011 , Kate McCann told the Leveson Inquiry into theconduct of the British press that she felt "  violated " by media coverage of the case , in particular the publication of extracts from her diary in the now-defunct News of the World . Gerry McCann told Leveson that the paper 's editor verbally beat the couple "  into submission " to make them take part in an interview . What happened after the case was closed in 2008 ? Portuguese investigators turned their files over to the McCanns ' private detectives , who continued to follow up potential leads and tip-offs , while the McCann family and their supporters pressed UK authorities to open an investigation of their own into the case . Kate and Gerry published a book , "  Madeleine , " about their search for their daughter in May 2011 . In the same month , London 's Metropolitan Police began a review of Madeleine 's disappearance . In October 2013 , British police issued new police sketches of potential suspects in the case , along with new lines of inquiry linked to a series of burglaries in the resort where Madeleine went missing . An appeal on the BBC TV show "  Crimewatch " led to more than 1,000 calls from the public ; two callers named the same suspect . Police in Portugal later said they would reopen the case . Have there been any sightings of Madeleine ? Sightings of Madeleine have been reported as far afield as Morocco , Holland , France , Belgium , Brazil and New Zealand , but all appear to have been false alarms . What do Madeleine 's parents believe happened to her ? Kate and Gerry McCann believe Madeleine was kidnapped , and that she is still alive somewhere . The couple regularly appeal for information on her whereabouts . In May 2009 , two years after Madeleine vanished , Kate McCann told U.S. TV presenter Oprah Winfrey that she was keeping Madeleine 's room ready for her , and that she visited it twice daily , "  just  to  say hello ... just  to  tell her we 're still going ... to do everything we can to find her . " Madeleine would now be nine years old , and age-progressed images showing what she may look like have been released . What are the latest developments ? On March 19 , 2014 , British police said they were hunting a man who assaulted five other young British girls on holiday in Portugal in the years leading up to and following Madeleine 's disappearance . Officers are now investigating a dozen potentially linked crimes at resorts near where the three-year-old vanished . In each of the cases , a man described as tanned and with short , dark , unkempt hair , is suspected of breaking in to vacation homes where British families were staying in the Algarve . In four of the incidents , girls between 7 and 10 years of age were sexually assaulted in their beds . READ MORE : Timeline of the Madeleine McCann case READ MORE : Madeleine McCann case : Police hunt intruder who assaulted other girls READ MORE : Madeleine McCann case : British investigators request Portugal interviews	Madeleine McCann , 3 , vanished from family 's holiday apartment in Portugal in May 2007 Her parents were eating at a restaurant nearby with friends when she disappeared Case sparked worldwide interest ; sightings of Madeleine reported across the globe Portuguese police recently reopened investigation following UK police inquiries
Travel + Leisure  -- Eight centuries ago , Marco Polo anointed Hangzhou "  the most splendid city in the world . " Today it 's one of China 's best-preserved destinations , thanks to the careful stewardship of its pagodas and pavilions , mountain-fringed West Lake , and terraced plantations growing the region 's famous longjing green tea . Here , an essential guide to the best hotels , restaurants , and sights for the modern-day explorer . Stay The second property in China from those wizards of the luxurious exotic , Amanresorts , Amanfayun  doubles from $ 580  includes 42 residences in traditional courtyard dwellings . Do n't miss the spa , with its Japanese-style deep soaking tubs , though an early morning walk to the neighboring Lingyin Buddhist temple is just as invigorating . A 25-minute drive away , Banyan Tree Hangzhou  doubles from $ 550  abuts the 2,800-acre Xixi National Wetland Park . All 72 spacious suites and villas are decorated with Chinese antiques  porcelain snuff bottles ; calligraphy brushes  and are scattered across the grounds like a traditional village , complete with arched bridges and a lagoon . Hangzhou 's latest entry this fall is also the city 's first Western luxury hotel group : the Four Seasons Hotel Hangzhou  doubles from $ 372  will have hand-painted silk panels and such high-tech touches as plasma TV 's in its 78 guest rooms and three villas . Travel + Leisure : America 's Best and Worst Airports Eat You 'll want to book several days ahead for a table at Dragon Well Manor  set meal for two $ 118  . Dai Jianjun is one of the country 's most obsessive locavore chefs : his 10-course dinners , served in eight wooden pavilions in a landscaped garden , raise the bar for organic , farm-to-table cuisine in China . Seasonal dishes may include preserved mustard greens with pine nuts , slow-braised pork belly , and ham-infused duck soup . A number of restaurants offer views of West Lake , but West Lake One  dinner for two $ 45  stands out with its covered terrace and extensive menu featuring dishes from throughout China . Regional specialties include longjing xiaren , shrimp cooked with longjing tea . Also facing the lake , the Hyatt Regency 's atmospheric , antiques-filled 28 Hubin Road  dinner for two $ 66  serves classic Hangzhou fare , such as beggar 's chicken and Dongpo rou -- a fork-tender pork dish named after the city 's 11th-century poet Su Dongpo . Travel + Leisure : World 's Strangest Places to Get Married Sip Aside from its pagodas and picturesque landscapes , Hangzhou is also synonymous with longjing , a locally grown green tea prized for its light , sweet taste and aroma . Guo 's Villa is a perfect respite from the tourist throngs along West Lake . Inside the low tiled wall is a garden with lotus-covered ponds and a courtyard where locals gather for tea and gossip . Tea fanatics might head to Old Dragon Well Imperial Tea Garden to pay homage to the 18 bushes set aside for the Ch ` ing dynasty emperor Qianlong . Nearby is Longjing village , where you 'll see plenty of tea farmers peddling their wares . But head straight to our favorite : the hospitable Qi Family will pour you a cup of their green elixir before you buy . See A short stroll from the train station , pedestrianized Hefang Road is a collection of Ch ` ing dynasty houses  and replicas nearby  . Visit Huqingyu Tang , a 130-year-old medicine shop where traditional pharmacists fill prescriptions made with ancient remedies  ginseng , angelica  in an elaborately carved central hall . Close by , on the edge of the verdant , waterway-filled Xixi National Wetland Park , the National Wetland Museum  free admission  will open an Arata Isozaki -- designed viewing platform later this year . Travel + Leisure : Worldwide Guide to Restaurant Tipping Facts When to Go : Visit during autumn and spring , as summer months are sweltering and winter temperatures often dip below freezing . Avoid peak-season crowds during Chinese New Year  January or February  and National Day  October  . Getting There : Hangzhou is a 100-minute train ride from Shanghai ; express trains launching next month will take 38 minutes . From Hong Kong , take the two-hour flight on Dragonair  dragonair.com  , which departs three times weekly . T+L Tip : Beyond West Lake , Hangzhou is a sprawling city . Arrange a car and driver through your hotel to access hard-to-reach destinations . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Here is a guide to the best hotels , restaurants , and sights in Hangzhou for visitors Hangzhou is one of China 's best-preserved destinations Terraced plantations grow the region 's famous longjing green tea
Oprah.com  -- In 1986 Susan King hit her head -- hard -- in a car accident . The result was more than a concussion . Afterward , when King looked at people , she saw images of events occurring in their lives and had flashes of insight about them . With uncanny knowledge of their situations , she has been able to advise clients on everything from job searches to divorce proceedings . King refers to her work as intuitive counseling , and though her vocation may seem rarefied , she believes that intuitive power is available to everyone . "  To me it 's our body 's radar , helping us make all sorts of decisions -- if only we 're willing to pay attention . " Oprah.com : 10 questions that have no right to go away My intuition has gone through a metamorphosis from the time I was a young child to where I am now . I used to just get feelings . I went from getting feelings to having dreams , to seeing symbols that meant things , to seeing things actually happening to other people , to feeling that what 's happening to other people is happening to me . Intuition is knowing without knowing . It 's instinctively knowing something that you do n't know how you know . You meet people and you have a subconscious feeling : You like them or not . You trust them or you do n't . And sometimes you stop and think , Where does that come from ? What is that ? Oprah.com : When to trust your gut I believe that just as we hear and see and smell and taste , this is another sense we have , but it 's one we do n't recognize . I think it 's almost an animal sense that we 've forgotten . We were better at intuition in the past . With modern technology and the frantic pace of life , most people today spend their lives running . Never stopping to listen . There 's no time for the mind to be quiet to listen to anything . And then when a problem comes : trauma . Because people are not in touch with themselves at all . You have to incorporate in your day some quiet time to listen to that voice . If you do n't , you wo n't hear it . But it 's there . It 's meant to guide us . Oprah.com : Are you listening to your life ? If you were to go out and meet somebody , spend an hour with them , and there was an attraction , and you came back home and wrote down the first thing you felt when you saw them , when they spoke to you , when they touched your shoulder -- you may not realize it , but you 'd find that you 'd already built a subconscious profile of the person . We all have that capability , but we do n't use it . I 'll tell you a group who uses intuition : people who do martial arts . They have to anticipate what their opponent 's going to do . Remember Bruce Lee ? Even people coming from behind , he could see . It 's like he had eyes in the back of his head . There are times when you get a feeling about something -- say , I do n't want to get on this flight -- and you wonder : Is it my anxiety , or is it real ? It 's difficult to know what 's fact or fiction . You can only judge over a period of time . You have to gain confidence in your ability to listen . Number one , you can build up to 15 minutes a day of sitting and focusing on your breathing . So that you have quiet time to connect with your inner self . Oprah.com : 7 ways to reduce your stress from Dr. Oz Number two , every day , live the day and enjoy the day . Do n't be anxious about , Is this gon na happen or is that gon na happen ? Walk through your day -- do n't run . Get a little notebook , a tiny thing that fits in your pocket . When you have a feeling about something , write it down . That way , when your feeling later turns out to have been correct , you can go back and see that your instincts were working . And that builds your confidence . Intuition is like a muscle . You develop it the more you use it . One of the worst things in life is indecision and confusion . It plagues everybody . But confusion is sometimes a blessing when it stops you from making a move , because sometimes you 're not supposed to make a move . I say to people , "  You do n't walk down stairs blindfolded , you do n't drive a car blindfolded -- why would you want to make massive life-changing decisions when you ca n't see what you 're doing ? You have to wait for clarity . " So to me , confusion can be a kind of intuition : your body 's way of saying , do n't do anything right now -- just go with the flow and the answer will come . I 've given lots of talks , to all kinds of groups , and sometimes you 'll get people -- usually men -- who will say , "  I think it 's a load of old rubbish . " And I 'll say , "  Well , that 's your belief . I 'm not here to change your belief . " The most important thing is just to trust it . Trust in your gut . Trust that first feeling you feel about something . Because that very first feeling is usually the right one . Oprah.com : The gut whisperer : 3 exercises to help you tune in -- As told to Susan Casey Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	After hitting her head in a car accident , Susan King suddenly had a sense of intuitive power Intuition is knowing without knowing People had a better sense of intuition before technology , King says
CNN  -- Leading Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan says he was detained for nearly two hours Friday night at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport because of his last name . Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan said he was detained by authorities at the Newark , New Jersey , airport . In an interview with CNN 's sister network in India , CNN-IBN , Khan said immigration officials at the airport detained him for questioning after they said his name was flagged . "  They kept on telling me that my name is common to some name that has popped up on the computer , so they need to follow procedure , " he said . "  It took them an hour and a half , two hours ; they kept on asking me questions , if I could give them any ... numbers in America that they can contact and vouch for me and who I am . " A U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman said the agency could not comment on specific incidents . "  I was really taken aback because there were people who knew me there , " Khan told CNN-IBN , referring to other travelers who were nearby . Rajeev Shukla , the secretary of India 's ruling Congress party and a friend of Khan 's , told CNN that the actor called him from Newark , as well as Khan 's secretary and family . Shukla said Khan , who was en route to Chicago , Illinois , was allowed to leave after Indian Embassy officials intervened . In New Delhi , India , U.S. Ambassador Timothy Roemer issued a statement describing Khan as a "  very welcome guest " in the United States and a "  global icon . " "  Many Americans love his films , " Roemer said . "  We are trying to ascertain the facts of the case -- to understand what took place . " The Indian government said in a written statement that it understood that Khan had been "  taken aside for ` secondary questioning ' " at Newark airport . "  The consulate general of India got in touch with him immediately upon learning about the incident , " the statement said . "  Mr. Khan said that he was all right . The consulate offered him any assistance that he may require . " The government said it has taken up the matter with the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Indian movie star Shah Rukh Khan says he was held for two hours Immigration officials told actor his surname came up on computer , he says Officials asked for ID verification , though others at airport recognized him , he says Ambassador to India calls Khan "  a very welcome guest " in United States
CNN  -- Part of Robert Ferrante 's job had been to manage a laboratory that conducted clinical trials using various drugs and chemicals . Until he was accused of using one of those substances -- cyanide -- to kill his wife . On Friday , a Pennsylvania jury determined that this accusation was well founded , convicting the University of Pittsburgh medical researcher and professor of murder in death of 41-year-old Autumn Klein . As juror Helen Ewing told reporters afterward , "  It was very hard for me to accept and to believe that he could have done it . "  But I felt that the facts were clear , and I could n't argue with them . " For many on the outside , there seemed little amiss in the lives of Ferrante and Klein . They both had successful careers , including Klein as a top neurologist at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . Their house was brightened by Klein 's then-6-year-old daughter , Cianna . And they 'd just returned from a trip to Puerto Rico . "  I 've never seen anything to suggest they were anything but a happy couple with a beautiful little girl , " their neighbor Blithe Runsdorf said . Then , on April 17 , 2013 , Ferrante called 911 and said his wife was "  conscious and breathing , but not alert " inside their Pittsburgh home . "  Please , please , please , " he said . " ... I think my wife is having a stroke . " When paramedics arrived , they found Klein on the floor of the kitchen with a plastic bag containing creatine . She died three days later . According to a criminal complaint , several text messages sent between the couple suggest Ferrante urged Klein to try using creatine to get help her get pregnant . Whatever Ferrante 's rationale , there 's no scientific consensus that creatine supplements -- which some use to build muscle mass and may have medical value -- help with female fertility ; in fact , the National Institutes of Health says pregnant women should not use creatine . Regardless , authorities say it was n't the creatine that killed Klein -- but rather cyanide that had been mixed with it . One day before Klein fell ill , Ferrante had used a credit card to place an overnight order for more than a half-pound of cyanide . At the time the order was placed , there were no active projects at Ferrante 's lab that involved the use of cyanide , according to the complaint . And when investigators looked at the bottle , they found that over 8 grams of cyanide were missing from it . Cyanide is often used in research laboratories for experiments . In humans , in which it interferes with a body 's ability to use oxygen to produce energy , it can be deadly . In July 2013 , Ferrante was charged in his late wife 's death , arrested in West Virginia , then extradited back to Pennsylvania . Accused professor waives extradition And why did Autumn Klein die ? More than a week after her collapse , after being told that she 'd been fatally poisoned with cyanide , Ferrante himself asked detectives , "  Why would she do that to herself ? " A few seconds later , according to the complaint , he added : "  Who would do this to her ? " Another neighbor of the couple , who asked not to be identified , said it was no secret that Klein wanted another baby . But she told the neighbor 's wife Ferrante did not share that desire . The criminal complaint raises another source of friction : Ferrante confronted his wife three times within weeks of her death about whether or not she was having an affair . "  Further , evidence has been uncovered that reflects that the victim intended to have a conversation with Ferrante and Ferrante would ` not like the discussion , ' " the complaint adds . The case lingered for months , before finally going to trial in October . Dozens of witnesses took the stand , perhaps none more key than Ferrante himself . His lawyer , Bill Difenderfer , said after the verdict that he thought his client "  did extremely well " on the stand . "  I thought he was very candid ... and he was telling the truth . " Yet , rather than be convinced of his innocence , jurors said that inconsistencies in his testimony played a significant role in their guilty verdict . "  I think he has excellent coaches , " Ewing said . "  I think he had a year to think about the story he wanted to tell . " Difenderfer said that it 's going to take time to review the "  80-plus search warrants , multitudes of evidence  and  terabytes of information " before deciding on the defense team 's next steps , including a possible appeal . Klein 's parents , meanwhile , returned home to care for young Cianna and cherish the memories of the girl 's late mother . "  While we are pleased that the person responsible for Autumn 's death has been brought to justice , " the parents said in a statement , "  nothing will ever fill the emptiness that we feel in our family and in our hearts . " CNN 's Carma Hassan and Julia Lull contributed to this report .	A Pennsylvania jury convicts Robert Ferrante of murder in his wife 's death Ferrante , who managed a scientific lab , bought cyanide just before she fell ill Authorities say the wife , Dr. Autumn Klein , was killed by cyanide poisoning A juror says : "  The facts were clear , and I could n't argue with them "
CNN  -- Some 220 miles above the Earth 's surface , the shuttle Discovery docked Saturday afternoon with the International Space Station for the last time . Due to problems lining up with each other , the shuttle 's "  hard-mating " with the permanent orbiter threatened to push the six-man crew off schedule . The hook-up was finished around 3 p.m. , yet NASA 's Mission Control noted a possibility that the installation of an express logistics carrier would not be completed until Sunday , one day later than planned . Instead , the crew took a little longer to tackle the job -- getting permission from the space agency 's mission control to sleep in an extra 30 minutes in return for the long day 's work , according to NASA 's Twitter feed . Having been removed from the shuttle 's cargo bay and attached to the station 's truss , or backbone , the 8,235-pound logistics carrier will be used to stow spare parts , including an extra radiator that was brought up by Discovery 's crew . Overall , there were no major problems on the third day of the shuttle 's 11-day mission , during which the crew is set to deliver a storage module , a science rig and spare parts to the space station and its six occupants . Hatches to and from the shuttle and space station opened at 4:16 p.m. Saturday , followed by a brief welcome ceremony and safety briefing . Discovery started its 39th and final flight with a launch late Thursday afternoon from Kennedy Space Center in Florida . Originally scheduled for November , the shuttle 's launch had been delayed to make repairs to the external tank 's support beams . And NASA halted its countdown on Thursday , at five minutes , because of a computer problem related to safety on the "  eastern range . " But after a confirmation that all was good to go , the countdown resumed , and the shuttle lifted off about three minutes behind its planned 4:50 p.m. ET launch . At least four pieces of foam were seen flying off Discovery about four minutes into the launch . NASA officials said they did n't foresee a problem -- explaining that , at that altitude , the flying foam was unlikely to do any damage to the spacecraft . That said , on Saturday two astronauts shot numerous pictures of the shuttle 's thermal protection system , which will be sent down for analysis to make sure there is no significant damage . Astronauts on Sunday will continue moving items brought up on Discovery over to the space station . Final preparations will also be made for a spacewalk Monday , when astronauts Alvin Drew and Steve Bowen will install a power extension cable , move a failed ammonia pump and perform other operations outside the shuttle . On day six of the mission , astronauts will work to attach a permanent module -- known as Leonardo -- to the station . The module will be home for experiments in fluid physics , materials science , biology , biotechnology and other subjects . The Discovery crew is headed by Steve Lindsey . Bowen , a late addition , became the first ever astronaut to fly consecutive missions after he was assigned to take the place of Tim Kopra when Kopra was injured last month in a bicycle accident , according to NASA . Prior to Thursday 's launch , Discovery had spent 352 days in orbit , circling the Earth 5,628 times . It has also carried 246 crew members , more than any space vehicle in history . "  In a way , it 's ... sad to see the last flight , " astronaut Steven Swanson said Thursday . "  It 's such a wonderful vehicle . " The last scheduled launch of Space Shuttle Endeavour is set for April 19 . It will be commanded by Mark Kelly , the husband of U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords , who is recovering from being shot last month in Tucson , Arizona . The last ever shuttle mission will be Atlantis , tentatively scheduled to launch during the summer . Discovery was the first space shuttle to dock with a space station of any kind when it met up on June 4 , 1998 , with Russia 's now defunct Mir space station . The craft also was the first to hook up with the International Space Station , doing so on May 29 , 1999 , according to NASA . Saturday 's event marked the 13th such docking for the Discovery .	NEW : Astronauts take extra time to install logistics carrier , then get OK to sleep in The space shuttle docks 220 miles above Earth with the ISS There was a slight delay in "  hard-mating " due to alignment issues , NASA says Discovery was the first space shuttle to dock with the space station in 1999
Al-Shabaab said it attacked an African Union military base in Somalia on Thursday in retaliation for a U.S. airstrike that killed their leader near Barawe in September . "  Al-Shabaab has carried out the AU military base attack to revenge the killing of our leader , Ahmed Godane , " the group 's spokesman Ali Dheere said on Andalus radio , a pro-Al-Shabaab broadcaster , Friday . Seven Al-Shabaab militants are dead after they attacked Somalia 's largest base for African Union troops , according to the African Union Mission in Somalia . Two militants in a car detonated themselves inside the Halane Military base in Mogadishu , AMISOM spokesman Ali Aden Houmed said . Three AU soldiers from Uganda and a civilian died in the attack , AMISOM said on its website . Seven Al-Shabab soldiers were killed , AU said . The heavily fortified base also houses several U.N. and international agencies . "  I condemn this reprehensible attack on the AMISOM base camp in Mogadishu which also hosts the UN Headquarters for Somalia , " U.N. Special Envoy for Somalia Nicholas Kay said . He praised the quick response of AU forces to the attack . Maman S. Sidikou , special representative of the AU Commission chairperson  SRCC  for Somalia and head of AMISOM , offered his condolences to the families of the victims and "  applauded the quick response and bravery of the ... troops in quelling this reprehensible attack , " according to AMISOM . Al-Shabaab has been waging war in Somalia in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . Established in 2007 , the U.N.-backed AMISOM currently has some 20,000 African Union troops deployed in the impoverished nation to "  conduct peace support operations " and to "  stabilize the situation . " What is Al-Shabaab and what does it want ?	Al-Shabaab says base attack was revenge for U.S. airstrike that killed their leader 2 militants detonated car bomb Thursday to breach heavily fortified base in Mogadishu African Union : 7 Al-Shabaab , 3 African Union soliders and 1 civilian were killed in the raid U.N. calls the attack on the base , which houses its Somali headquarters "  reprehensible "
CNN  -- When I was a boy , my father used to take me by the hand to visit the ruins of the ancient metropolis on the outskirts of our town . We would always stop by to visit the huge winged bulls that guarded the gates of the ancient city of Nineveh . I was scared of the winged bulls , but at the same time , they excited me . Through them and the site , I learned the stories of the civilization that lived along the Tigris River in what was now Northern Iraq . Many decades later , I started a technology company that brought the world its first 3-D laser scanning system and cloud of points software . The systems we developed were extremely fast and could rapidly collect millions of points with very high accuracy and very high resolution . A surveyor with traditional survey tools would be hard-pressed to produce maybe 500 points in a whole day . These new systems would produce something like 10,000 points a second . As you can imagine , this was a paradigm shift in the survey and construction businesses , as well as in the reality capture industry . TED.com : Experiments that hint of longer lives In 2001 , Cyra Technologies was acquired by Leica Geosystems . Right around that time , a terrible tragedy happened : The magnificent 160-foot-tall Buddhas in the Bamiyan Valley in Afghanistan were blown up by the Taliban . They were gone in an instant . Unfortunately , there was no detailed record of the site . This devastated me , and I could n't help but wonder about the fate of my old friends , the winged bulls , and the fate of heritage sites all over the world . My wife and I decided to start a project to digitally preserve world heritage sites . We called the project CyArk , which stands for Cyber Archive . CyArk is now an international nonprofit organization . With the help of a global network of partners , we 've completed more than 50 projects to date , including Chichen Itza , Rapa Nui , Babylon , Rosslyn Chapel , Pompeii and Mount Rushmore . CyArk uses 3-D digital documentation , archiving and the dissemination of the data to tell the story of the sites and engage the public . We are losing the sites and the stories faster than we can physically preserve them . Natural phenomena take their toll , but it has become clear that human causes are a significant part of the reason for their destruction . TED.com : How algorithms shape our world We 're fighting a losing battle . Not only are we losing the sites , we 're losing a significant piece of our collective memory . Imagine the human race not knowing where we came from . Because of the accelerated pace of destruction , we created a project we call the CyArk 500 Challenge -- to digitally preserve 500 world heritage sites in five years . To me , the 500 is really just the first 500 . To sustain our work , we take the technology to local universities and colleges . They then can help us with digital preservation of their heritage sites , and at the same time , they get the benefit of learning a technology they can use in the future . Two years ago , we were approached by a partner of ours to digitally preserve an important heritage site , a UNESCO heritage site in Uganda , the Royal Kasubi Tombs . The work was done successfully in the field , and the data was archived and publicly disseminated through the CyArk website . Last March , we received very sad news . The Royal Tombs had been destroyed by suspected arson . A few days later , we received a call : "  Is the data available , and can it be used for reconstruction ? " Our answer , of course , was yes . Our heritage is much more than our collective memory -- it 's our collective treasure . We owe it to our children , our grandchildren and the generations we will never meet to keep it safe and to pass it along . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Kacyra .	Ben Kacyra : World 's most historic , treasured sites are always at risk of destruction He says technology developed for the construction industry can rapidly digitize sites Kacyra 's nonprofit CyArk is preserving 500 world heritage sites He says the world is at risk of losing its collective memory and heritage
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The deadly protests in northern Afghanistan over a Quran burning spread to the country 's war-torn southern region on Saturday , with provincial government officials reporting at least nine civilians dead and dozens injured . The violence struck the city of Kandahar when demonstrators took to the streets to protest the torching of Islam 's most sacred book by a U.S. church . The unrest followed a demonstration on Friday in the northern town of Mazar-e Sharif , in which five demonstrators and seven U.N. employees were killed when an angry throng stormed the U.N. compound there . U.S. President Barack Obama on Saturday extended condolences to the families and loved ones of those killed in Mazar-e Sharif , but also decried the burning of the Quran . "  The desecration of any holy text ... is an act of extreme intolerance and bigotry , " he said in a statement released by the White House . "  However , to attack and kill innocent people in response is outrageous , and an affront to human decency and dignity . " Besmellah Afghanmal , a Kandahar provincial council member , said hundreds gathered in Kandahar city to protest the Quran burning . "  Today the enemies of peace in Afghanistan killed and injured our people in Kandahar , " said a statement from the office of the Kandahar governor . The demonstration started peacefully , but protesters turned violent , setting fire to a school and vehicles in Kandahar city , said Zalmai Ayoubi , spokesman for the governor of Kandahar province . Along with the nine deaths , 73 others were injured , the provincial government said . Ayoubi said Afghan security forces arrested 17 people , including seven who were armed and are suspected of shooting at protesters . Pastor Terry Jones sparked international controversy last year when his Gainesville , Florida , church planned "  International Burn a Quran Day " on the ninth anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon . Jones ' church did not host a Quran burning on that day , but the Dove World Outreach Center 's website announced an "  International Judge the Koran Day " set for last month . Another post on the site 's blog showed an image of a burning book and read , "  The event is over , the Koran was found guilty and a copy was burned inside the building . " Some witnesses in Kandahar said protesters were shot by police . "  I saw personally three people who  were  shot to death , and one of them was shot just next to me , " protester Shah Meer said . But police said they neither shot at nor killed anyone . "  There  was  gunfire into the air in order to bring the people under control , and luckily not one has been killed as a result of the gunfire , " said Zemarai Bashari , spokesman for the interior ministry . Meanwhile , a spokesman for the Taliban said the group was not behind any deaths during the event . "  What happened in Kandahar today was the feeling of the nation , and the Islamic movement of the Taliban was not involved in any  violence  , " Zabiullah Mojahed said . "  It was the Afghan police that killed the innocent people of Kandahar while they were expressing their feeling against the burning of holy Quran in Florida . " The Mazar-e Sharif killings generated worldwide condemnation , from the U.N. Security Council to the Organization of the Islamic Conference , a 57-state group that calls itself the "  collective voice of the Muslim world . " Jones in a statement Friday called the assault "  a very tragic and criminal action . " Lal Mohammad Ahmadzai , a spokesman for the police in Mazar-e Sharif , told reporters that a number of suspects "  who might be the main organizers " had been arrested from the Friday attack The United Nations says the seven U.N. staffers killed were four Nepalese security guards and three civilians . A U.N. source said the three civilians were from Norway , Sweden and Romania . U.N. Peacekeeping Director Alain Le Roy said five demonstrators also were killed . He said no Afghan U.N. staff members were among the dead , he said . "  I understand there were hundreds , if not thousands , of demonstrators . Some of them were clearly armed and they stormed into the building , " Le Roy said . He said the security guards tried their best to halt the demonstrators ' advance , but were overwhelmed . Le Roy said it was not clear that the United Nations was the target . "  It happened to be the U.N. because the U.N. is on the ground . " Another 24 people were wounded , said Abdul Rauof Taj , security director of Balkh province . The U.N. Security Council met Friday and issued a statement condemning the attack , which occurred at the operations center of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan , or UNAMA . Haji Sakhi Mohammad , a businessman in Mazar-e Sharif , said the incident began after Friday prayers , when many people joined a protest against the burning of the Quran . People calling "  Death to America " marched to the U.N. compound and broke in , he said . Gunfire broke out , and "  I saw protesters shot to death , " he said A student in Mazar-e-Sharif said he and his friends joined the protesters , who numbered in the hundreds . "  When we reached the UNAMA office , we came under gunfire by Afghan security guards . Protesters became angry and stormed the building . " Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari condemned the Quran burning during a speech before Pakistan 's legislature on March 22 . "  May I , at the outset , strongly condemn on behalf of the people of Pakistan and on my own behalf the deliberate desecration of the holy Quran by a fanatic in Florida , " he said , according to a transcript of speech . "  We condemn this act in the strongest possible words . ... It is a serious setback to the efforts at promoting harmony among civilized communities throughout the world . " CNN 's Matiullah Mati and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report	NEW : Obama remembers victims , decries burning of Quran Witnesses say the police shot protesters in Kandahar Florida pastor Terry Jones ' church website says a copy of the Quran was burned The protest follows a deadly attack on a U.N. compound in Mazar-e Sharif
CNN  -- At least 49 people were killed and 247 wounded in violence marking the third anniversary of the January 25 revolution that brought down longtime dictator Hosni Mubarak , Egyptian state media said . Dozens more people were wounded in clashes throughout the country between anti-government protesters and security forces . The casualty figures came from the Ministry of Health , the state media said . The Anti-Coup Alliance , which supports deposed President Mohamed Morsy , claimed nine people were dead in one neighborhood alone after fierce confrontations . Those deaths were in the Alfa Maskan neighborhood in East Cairo , the alliance said . Meanwhile , pro-Morsy protesters have been issuing warnings on social media against using public ambulances . That could complicate tallying a death toll because the health ministry reports only deaths in public hospitals . East Cairo residents reported intense violence . "  There has been ongoing gunfire for more than three hours , " Karim Ennarah , who lives near to the fighting , told CNN . He reported hearing automatic and semi-automatic gunfire . "  It 's like a war . " The neighborhood is part of the Ain Shams area , where a bomb caused at least one reported injury . The neighborhood is also known for its strong Islamist presence and has featured numerous anti-coup protests and clashes throughout the past months . The health ministry reported two people were killed in the southern province of Minya , one in Cairo and one in Giza , state media said . Four people were wounded when unknown gunmen attacked a security camp in Suez with a rocket-propelled grendade , state media are reporting , quoting security officials . Another was wounded in an explosion in the Cairo suburb of Ain Shams , Egyptian state news outlet Al Ahram online said Saturday . In the Sinai , a military helicopter crashed and a search is ongoing for its crew , the country 's state news agency , EgyNews , said Saturday , citing a military spokesman . There were no immediate details available about the cause of the crash . The Sinai region , which has a strong presence of militants , has been plagued by sporadic violence . A day of demonstrations Demonstrators filled the streets amid the instability ushered in by the military 's overthrow last year of the democratically elected Morsy , and the ensuing crackdown by security forces on the Islamist movement that supported him , the Muslim Brotherhood . Police dispersed a march that retraced the route protesters took to Tahrir Square three years ago . They fired tear gas and bird shots at protesters as soon as they started moving from the meeting point at Mostafa Mahmoud Mosque in Giza , activist Wael Khalil said . A small number of protesters regrouped outside the Press Syndicate , marking a similar protest in the same spot three years ago . "  We were also small in number back then , but our number got bigger , " said a protester Om Ali who came with her teenage daughter and son . They chanted against the military government and the Muslim Brotherhood . The Revolutionary Front , a pro-democracy coalition critical of the Muslim Brotherhood and the government , called for all its members and participants to withdraw from demonstrations , citing police violence . "  Excessive use of force by the police today at the anniversary of the revolution against anyone who attempts to express their opinion is considered a major crime added to the list of crimes by the current authorities , " the Front said in a statement posted on its official Facebook page . "  At the same time , the authorities protect their supporters in Tahrir Square in which the martyrs ' blood had been shed . " The iconic square was filled with banners featuring the picture of army chief and Defense Minister Abdel Fattah El-Sisi , with citizens gathering signatures urging him to run for president . A police march band played to the crowds as military helicopters hovered above it . El-Sisi said recently that he would run for president if the Egyptian people wanted him to , state media reported . Claim of responsibility for Friday blasts A terrorist group claimed responsibility Saturday for four blasts that killed at least six people in and around Cairo on Friday . The organization Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis , which the United States has designated a terrorist group , said in a statement that it was targeting Cairo 's security headquarters and security forces . A powerful explosion hit the capital 's police headquarters , killing at least four people and wounding more than 50 others , Egyptian authorities said . The blast struck a key symbol of authority in a country that has been shaken by political turmoil and violent unrest in recent years . It was followed by two smaller explosions near police stations in the Cairo area , one of which killed one person . And later , a fourth explosion outside a movie theater in Giza city , near Cairo , killed one person and injured seven others , state television said . Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis has been blamed for carrying out attacks in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula as well as on a security forces headquarters in the town of Mansoura last year . Islamist extremist groups have threatened to avenge the military coup that removed democratically elected President Mohamed Morsy from power last year . Opinion : Egypt 's revolution on the margins CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report	Dozens more are injured in violence throughout the country , state media says Pro-Morsy groups says nine people are killed in one neighborhood alone Military helicopter crashes in Sinai Group claims responsibility for Friday 's Cairo bombings
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Forget the Royal Navy and the U.S. Marines -- the ` computer navy ' is on its way , and digital media on the high seas are set to make a steaming comeback . New home ? Barges like this one could soon play host to Google 's massive data centers . It seemed that floating media firms were a thing of the past when the United Kingdom 's last major offshore pirate radio station , Radio Caroline , followed other European and American examples and died out in the early 1990s . But , fast-forward 20 years and enter Internet giant Google . According to a patent application seen by London newspaper "  The Times , " Google is considering launching barges up to seven miles  11km  offshore to host the massive data centers required to run its Internet search engines . The plan would likely see the data centers -- which consist of huge supercomputers -- use wave energy to power and cool themselves while stationed at sea . In the application Google states : "  Computing centers are located on a ship or ships , anchored in a water body from which energy from natural motion of the water may be captured , and turned into electricity and/or pumping power for cooling pumps to carry heat away . " Energy consumption is undoubtedly a massive issue for these giant data centers . The servers within each data center need to be air-conditioned to prevent overheating -- and considering a company such as IBM runs approximately eight million square feet of servers -- that 's a lot of required cooling . According to a 2005 study by Stanford University consulting professor and Lawrence Berkeley National Labs staff scientist , Jonathan Koomey , the energy consumption of data centers doubled in the period from 2000 to 2005 . The total annual worldwide power bill for the servers at the time was an estimated $ 7.2 billion , according to Koomey . The Internet has continued to grow at a rapid rate and other major companies have also been searching for a more efficient method of maintaining their data centers . Microsoft has looked into taking advantage of a cold climate by constructing a data center in Siberia , while Sun Microsystems is reported to be sending its computers down a former coal mine , using water below the ground as a coolant . But , how workable is Google 's project , really ? And does it mark a potential new future for the maritime industry ? Dr Brad Karp , reader in Computer Systems and Networks at University College London , described the move as "  an audacious risk " that will push the boundaries for major companies in future . Karp said the project would carry significant risks , but potentially very high rewards . "  Anytime you take on several new technologies at the one time -- and you are trying to build something highly reliable -- there are going to be real technical challenges , which there will be for these data centers , " he said . Some major benefits of Google 's project include being able to save money on rent and property taxes by being positioned offshore , as well as saving money on electricity bills . "  If you look at the percentage of power being used by these centers ... it seems like a good long-term bet for the future , " Karp told CNN . Karp believes Google could also benefit from snaring a "  green " image if it is able to harness wave motion to power the computers and their cooling systems , in addition to providing a quality service to users . "  One of the reasons Google has data centers around the world is to enhance the user experiences near where many of their users are . This will still allow them to do that . " He said there were some logistical issues , but if the ships were stationed not far from the coast , they should not have too many operational concerns . "  At that distance  11km  you would want to provide wired network activity -- some sort of under-sea cable . The sheer bit-rate needed for an operation like this is usually too high for most wireless systems , " Karp said . Karp does point out there could be plenty of maintenance required on such a system : "  The sea is not exactly a friendly environment for cables . " Although some commentators have raised concerns about the ships leaving themselves open to attack , Karp did not feel it was a major issue . "  It 's not the kind of thing you see reported on very often . Typically the kind of things we worry about more is network-based attacks . " Current data centers are defended by corporate-type security consisting of reception desks and electronically guarded entrances . Karp envisages a similar level of protection for the centers at sea , potentially using a protective barrier or guarding vessels . If this project is realized , it offers the potential to alter not only online commerce , but also introduces the potential for new strands of business in the maritime industry . Maritime eCommerce Association spokesman Ake Nilson said : "  So far as I know there is n't anything quite like it . We have n't really seen anything like this since the old pirate radio stations . " Nilson says that if the project goes ahead -- and more companies attempt to adopt a similar program -- it could provide a sizable boost to the maritime industry through the ships and workers required to establish , run , protect and maintain such operations .	Google has sent a patent application to launch barges to host its data centers Wave energy could be used to power and cool the data centers ' servers The project would save Google money on power bills , rent , and property tax Such projects have the potential to boost to the maritime industry
CNN  The trip was n't so grand for many guests on board Royal Caribbean 's Grandeur of the Seas . The cruise line cut short a nine-day trip to Jamaica and elsewhere by one day after more than 200 people became ill with norovirus and a passenger experienced a medical emergency requiring medical attention on land . The ship returned to the Port of Baltimore on Monday . Gastrointestinal illness sickened 193 guests  9.91 %  and nine crew members  1.15 %  , Royal Caribbean spokeswoman Cynthia Martinez told CNN affiliate WBAL . The U.S. Centers for Disease Control confirmed the "  causative agent " of the widespread illness was norovirus . The CDC 's Vessel Sanitation Program sent two environmental health officers and two epidemiologists to collect samples on board the ship in Falmouth , Jamaica , the federal agency said . The samples will be tested , and the ship 's response to the outbreak will be evaluated . "  Once all guests had debarked Grandeur of the Seas , we began an extensive and thorough sanitizing onboard the ship and within the cruise terminal , to help prevent any illness from affecting the subsequent sailing , " Martinez wrote in an email to CNN . "  All guests today will receive a letter at boarding that asks if they have experienced any gastrointestinal symptoms within the last three days , " Martinez said . "  Similarly , if guests are uncomfortable taking their cruise , for reasons related to personal health or otherwise , our staff assisted them in rescheduling their sailing for another time . The ship will depart today , as scheduled . " Grandeur of the Seas had two norovirus outbreaks last year , according to the CDC 's Vessel Sanitation Program website . Overall , the CDC reported nine total norovirus outbreaks in 2014 on cruise lines that docked in U.S. ports . Passengers complained about the cruise line not giving them enough information . "  It kind of seemed like they were n't being very honest with us about the whole situation . We heard that there were three people sick . Then another person said it was over 100 , so , I mean , we never got a clear answer from any of the crew members , " passenger Nick Canning told CNN affiliate WBAL . "  Some people were sick three days , vomiting , diarrhea , and they got shots and medication , and they said it was just a cruise from hell , " passenger Georgia Moseback said . Passenger April Neall definitely did n't have the honeymoon of her dreams . "  I was happy to leave Baltimore and go to the islands , and now I 'm just happy to be home , " Neall said . Future cruisers should practice the same hygiene habits at sea that are wise to practice on land to stay healthy , Carolyn Spencer Brown , editor-in-chief of Cruise Critic , wrote in an email . "  Wash your hands frequently and take advantage of the hand-washing stations throughout the ship , " she said . "  Prior to boarding , passengers go through a health screening aimed to help avoid the possibility of any pre-cruise illnesses being brought onboard -- it 's important for cruisers to answer those questions truthfully to keep themselves , and others , healthy . Other than that , just know that passenger safety is the top priority for cruise lines , and cruise ship staff are well-equipped to prevent the spread of illness onboard as best as possible . "	Norovirus spread throughout Royal Caribbean passengers and crew More than 200 people have been sickened on the ship The CDC boarded the ship in Jamaica to collect samples from passengers
CNN  -- For five years , they pursued her , always one step behind as she used aliases and altered her appearance to elude them . But Janet Killough Barreto 's luck ran out at a shopping mall in Portland , Oregon , where the U.S. Marshals Service caught up with her -- the lone female fugitive in their 15 Most Wanted list . "  The crimes they are alleged to have committed are nothing short of horrendous and despicable , " Union County , Mississippi , Sheriff Jimmy Edwards said , about Barreto and her husband . His department aided in the search because her alleged crimes took place in his jurisdiction . "  Now it is time to let justice be served . " Abuse leads to death Barreto , 43 , and her husband , Ramon , allegedly traveled to Guatemala on multiple occasions in 2005 and 2006 to purchase children from a local adoption agency . Authorities say the children were brought back to the United States and were malnourished , physically abused , and forced to sleep on beds with plywood bottoms . "  The children were purportedly often punished with beatings and on various occasions duct-taped to their beds , punched in the stomach , and forced to endure having their heads submerged under water , " the Marshals Service said . In 2008 , the abuse allegedly led to the death one of their adopted children , a 2-year-old girl . Barreto was arrested in May of that year for child abuse , neglect , and manslaughter . She was released six months later on bond . On the run In March 2009 , Barreto was arrested again for tampering with a witness and later released on bond . Two months later , she never appeared in court to face the charges against her , authorities said . The Union County Sheriff 's Office began searching , aided by the U.S. Marshals when Barreto was added to their "  15 Most Wanted " list in June 2013 . Authorities asked the public for any information leading to Barreto , offering a $ 25,000 reward . A "  Wanted " poster distributed by the Marshals Service said Barreto was known to change her appearance using wigs . It also said Barreto would evade law enforcement through the use of several aliases , fleeing before her true identity was discovered . Cornered The call came in on Monday . According to authorities , the five-year investigation gained considerable momentum when a "  concerned citizen " called the U.S. Marshals task force in Oxford , Mississippi , with information that placed Barreto in either Oregon or Washington . The caller also told authorities that the Barretos might have a small child with them . The investigation moved swiftly . Less than 24 hours after that initial tip , a lead about a possible location sent agents to Oregon . They cornered Barreto and her husband late Tuesday afternoon at the Jantzen Beach Center , a shopping mall in Portland . At first , the Barretos refused to identify themselves , but the husband was identified on the spot when his fingerprints were verified digitally . Though Barreto continued to be uncooperative , her identity was revealed once she was fingerprinted at a local jail . "  Janet Barreto is a malicious individual . Through her alleged crimes , Barreto demonstrated a blatant disregard and lack of respect for life other than her own , " said U.S. Marshals Service Director Stacia Hylton . The infant found with the Barretos during their arrest was placed with child protective services , authorities said . Six years after the death of their daughter , it 's uncertain what the Barretos will face upon their return . Both are currently being held at the Multnomah County Detention Center in Portland , awaiting extradition to Mississippi , authorities said . It is unknown whether either has retained an attorney . Suspect in mom-son slayings surrenders after 1 day on FBI 's Top 10 list	She was on the run for five years The woman was taken into custody at an Oregon shopping mall She and her husband are accused of abusing their adopted children
San Diego  CNN  -- I bet it sounded like a good idea at the time . Now , not so much . "  It " was the ill-conceived decision by GOP presidential hopeful Rick Perry to hitch his wagon to the clownish Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio , an opportunist who in recent years has taken to rounding up illegal immigrants and parading them outside his jail to catch the attention of television cameras . How did Perry get mixed up with that circus ? Simple . The Texas governor got into a political scrape , and made the mistake of overcompensating . He was looking for quick validation from his party 's nativist fringe because he had gotten hammered by GOP rivals for signing , in 2001 , a reasonable bill in the Lone Star State that allows illegal immigrants who go to college to pay what other residents pay : in-state tuition . In fact , Perry did n't just sign that bill . He defended it and defiantly said he 'd sign it again . Worse , in one debate , he told Republicans who disagreed with the measure that they did n't "  have a heart . " Good for him . Yet , after that , his poll numbers plummeted . In a futile attempt to get them up again , Perry underwent a radical makeover . He said that , if elected president , "  My policy will be to detain and to deport every illegal alien that we apprehend . " Ah , governor , you mean the ones you 're not helping put through college ? Perry even did penance by making a pilgrimage to the desert where he asked Sheriff Joe for his support . He got it . Just a few weeks ago , Arpaio announced he was endorsing Perry and he even went to New Hampshire to help him campaign . "  The federal government has failed on border crime and border enforcement , and no candidate for president has done more to secure the border than Governor Rick Perry , " Arpaio said in a statement . "  I 'm endorsing Rick Perry because we need a tough-on-crime president who will champion and fund full-time border security operations from Brownsville to San Diego . " Now , America 's toughest sheriff is busy fending off allegations of discrimination and racial profiling . Such is the result of a three-year investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice into Arpaio and the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office . At issue : their clumsy handling of something they never had the know-how or skills set to do : immigration enforcement . The DOJ 's report packed a punch . It accused Arpaio 's office of maintaining a "  pervasive culture of discriminatory bias against Latinos " that "  reaches the highest levels of the agency . " It accused the sheriff 's deputies of routinely engaging in "  unconstitutional policing " that includes racially profiling Latino drivers , illegally detaining and arresting Latinos and carrying out military-style immigration patrols sparked by racially tinged citizen complaints . It said that inmates in the county jails who do n't speak English are often punished and denied critical services . Finally , it also charged that the leaders of the agency have an odious practice of using their power to retaliate against critics . None of this will come as a shock to Maricopa County 's growing Latino population , which has been complaining of abuse by Arpaio and his deputies for several years . Following the report 's release , the Department of Homeland Security immediately terminated its 287  g  agreement with the Sheriff 's Office and denied it access to the federal databases that it is practically forcing upon other agencies to locate illegal immigrants under the controversial Secure Communities program . As someone who lived in Phoenix in the late 1990s and wrote columns for the Arizona Republic newspaper , I 've known Arpaio and written about him for nearly 15 years . I prefer the original version . Back then , the sheriff said that his office should not waste limited resources enforcing federal immigration law . By contrast , Joe Arpaio 2.0 seems to take shortcuts that run afoul of the Constitution . Just because a media hungry lawman is hunting for illegal immigrants does n't mean he can single out Latinos -- including the U.S.-born , some of whose families have lived on this side of the border much longer than Arpaio 's ancestors have lived on this side of the Atlantic . Next , Justice Department officials will try to strike an agreement with Arpaio to implement a plan that fixes what is broken , one that can be enforced by a judge . The officials are giving the Sheriff 's Office 60 days to come up with a solution or face litigation . Those who defend Arpaio and brush aside concerns over racial profiling will likely say that it 's appropriate for law enforcement officers to put extra scrutiny on Latinos since most illegal immigrants in the United States are Latino . The last statement is true enough . But just because most illegal immigrants are Latino does n't mean that most Latinos are illegal immigrants . Besides , the opponents of illegal immigration always want to convince us that they 're colorblind . That argument gets hard to make when the apologists for racial profiling start defending the idea of singling out people of one ethnicity . So what did Perry do when the Justice Department report came out ? The worst possible thing . He doubled down on his bad judgment . He had already made two mistakes in snuggling up to Arpaio and accepting his endorsement . He went for three by defending Arpaio . "  I would suggest to you that these people are out after Sheriff Joe , " Perry told reporters . "  He is tough . And again , when I 'm the president of the United States , you 're not going to see me going after states like Arizona or Alabama , suing sovereign states for making decisions . " Even if those decisions are bad ? This is not a good sign for Perry . We need a president who has character and courage , and he showed both of those qualities early in this campaign . But we also need a president with judgment , and the ability to stop and change course when they take a wrong turn . For Rick Perry , that wrong turn occurred in the Arizona desert , near the intersection of ambition and fear . And now a once-promising candidate has lost his bearings . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette Jr. : Rick Perry has hitched his wagon to Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio Perry was foolishly looking for quick validation from his party 's nativist fringe , Navarrette says Justice Department has accused Arpaio of discrimination and racial profiling , he says A once-promising candidate has lost his bearings , Navarrette says of Perry
CareerBuilder.com  -- College senior Kaitlin Ripple had always known the business world was competitive . Yet when she started Baldwin-Wallace College , located in a suburb outside of Cleveland , Ohio , she had no way of knowing how cutthroat it would be when she entered the "  real world . " Now with graduation days away , Ripple is contemplating her next move . While she 'd love to stay near Cleveland , Ripple , who majored in marketing and minored in international business , is realistic and has expanded her search far beyond the city 's borders and started researching other cities ' costs of living and job prospects . "  I am looking anywhere and everywhere and make it known in my cover letter that I am willing to relocate regardless of if assistance is offered  as some companies no longer do I hear  , " she says . "  I have applied to jobs in the South and even in Europe . If I find an opportunity that I am passionate about I would go anywhere . " There are many members of the Class of 2010 who have stories just like just like Ms. Ripple 's . While there 's relief that classes are over , exams have been taken and term papers turned in , what lies ahead is an extremely challenging and competitive job market across the country . Top cities for new grads While many new grads tend to look for jobs near their college or hometowns , scores of them are considering locations they might not have when they entered school four or five years ago . "  This job market is one of the most challenging new grads have ever faced , with fewer jobs available and competition from more job seekers who are likely to have more experience , " says Nathan Lippe , career adviser for CareerRookie.com . "  New grads will need to go the extra mile -- both literally and figuratively -- when it comes to their job searches . " "  Many new grads are feeling the pressure of deciding where to live after college , " said Tammy Kotula , public relations and promotions manager , Apartments.com . "  Finding an affordable apartment and a good job may determine where to live , but it 's also important to look at cities offering the culture and lifestyle these young adults enjoy . " For new grads who plan to expand their job searches beyond their college towns or hometowns , Apartments.com and CareerRookie.com just released the third annual "  Top 10 Best Cities for Recent College Graduates " based on the ranking of top U.S. cities with the highest concentration of young adults  age 20 to 24  from the U.S. Census Bureau  2006  , inventory of jobs requiring less than one year of experience from CareerRookie.com  March , 2010  and the average cost of rent for a one bedroom apartment from Apartments.com  2010  . According to Apartments.com and CBcampus.com , the top 10 cities for new grads are : 1 . Atlanta , Georgia Average rent : * $ 723 Popular entry-level categories : sales , marketing , customer service 2 . Phoenix , Arizona Average rent : $ 669 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , training 3 . Denver , Colorado Average rent : $ 779 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , health care 4 . Dallas , Texas Average rent : $ 740 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , health care 5 . Boston , Massachusetts Average rent : $ 1275 Popular entry-level categories : sales , marketing , training 6 . Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Average rent : $ 938 Popular entry-level categories : sales , marketing , health care 7 . New York Average rent : $ 1,366 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , marketing 8 . Cincinnati , Ohio Average rent : $ 613 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , management 9 . Baltimore , Maryland Average rent : $ 1,041 Popular entry-level categories : sales , customer service , management 10 . Los Angeles , California Average rent : $ 1319 Popular entry-level categories : sales , training , health care Looking beyond your hometown If you are considering expanding your job search to other cities , Lippe offers these tips : • Be flexible and open-minded about locations and jobs you might not have considered previously . Even if you do n't end up in your dream job , you can earn valuable transferable skills that you can take with you to your next job . • Contact an alumnus from your college who lives in that city and join your alumni chapter if there is one . • Get an insider 's perspective by familiarizing yourself with the local media and other resources . Read up on the city 's business and community news . • Develop a list of companies within the area and learn about their businesses and company cultures . • Register with a national recruitment agency ; interview with a recruiter in your local office and have that person put the word out to other offices in your target cities . • Consider spending a few days in your desired city to learn more , network and set up informational interviews . In your applications and cover letters , tell hiring managers the dates you 'll be in the city and available to interview . Despite a troubled job market , Ripple says she would n't have majored in studies that might have brought her more job prospects . "  I genuinely enjoy and have a passion for International Business and Marketing and I would have majored in it no matter what . Had I known the economy would have been like this perhaps I would have made plans to immediately get my MBA afterward or had plans in place to move right away . " * Average rent of one bedroom apartment ** Using search term "  entry level " in that city & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Many new grads feel the pressure of deciding where to live after college Expert suggests being flexible and open-minded about locations and jobs Cincinnati , Ohio , has an average rent rate of $ 613
London , England  CNN  -- They are some of the most spectacular diamonds , rubies and sapphires in the world , and they have graced the outfits of monarchs for centuries , now -- just in time for Queen Elizabeth 's Diamond Jubilee -- Britain 's Crown Jewels have gone on display in a new-look exhibition . "  The Crown Jewels are a collection of international significance , some of the most stunning gems in the world , " said curator Sally Dixon-Smith . "  But they are also a working collection , and we wanted to get that across to visitors ; that they are real , and that they are very much used , both during coronations and more regularly . " Once through the heavy steel doors -- weighing 2,000 kilos each -- visitors are guided through the process of coronation , allowing them to feel part of the procession , with all its pomp and circumstance . After following a line of golden trumpets and heavy maces , they are introduced to the regalia of the ceremony : Robes , anointing oil and ceremonial swords , before coming face to face with the fabled gems themselves , set in a succession of stunning crowns , scepters and orbs . Fashion and treats fit for a Queen Even their names are the stuff of legend : Koh-i -- Nur , the Black Prince 's Ruby , Cullinane I and II , King Edward 's Sapphire . Some even come with their own superstitions . The Koh-i-Nur  its name means "  Mountain of Light "  , for example , is only ever set in crowns made for female members of the monarchy . Read more : The Royal family tree "  It is said to bring bad luck to any man who wears it , " explained Keith Hanson , the chief exhibitor of the jewels . "  By contrast , it is believed to bring long life and happiness to any woman who wears it , and as its last wearer , Queen Elizabeth , the Queen Mother , was 101 when she died , that would seem to be true . " The jewels that visitors see today have been worn by British monarchs for generations , but in historical terms , Dixon-Smith says , they are "  a relatively new collection . " The originals were destroyed in the wake of the Civil War , which saw King Charles I overthrown and executed in 1649 . The oldest piece on display is the 12th century Coronation Spoon , which survived the break-up  and melting down  of the old jewels . Many of the items in the Tower of London today date back to the restoration of the monarchy in 1660 , and the rule of King Charles II , though the collection has been added to and expanded over the centuries since . Perhaps the most important piece is the St Edward 's Crown , which dates from 1661 , and is worn by the monarch at the moment of coronation . Made of solid gold and trimmed with ermine and velvet , it is famously heavy -- weighing more than five pounds  2.23 kg  -- and can only be worn for 15 minutes during the ceremony . Read more : What does the queen really do ? By contrast , Queen Victoria 's tiny diamond-encrusted crown , made in 1870 , measures less than 10cm  3.7 inches  tall . It was designed to be worn over her mourning veil , following the death of her beloved husband , Prince Albert . And while Queen Victoria wore that miniature coronet so often it was eventually placed on her coffin , after her death , one of the other pieces , the Imperial Crown of India has only been used once . The crown , which features more than 6,000 diamonds , rubies , sapphires and emeralds , was made in 1911 at a cost of Â # 60,000 . It was used for the crowning of George V at the Delhi Durbar , because the traditional Crown Jewels are not permitted to leave the country , but has not been worn since . The new exhibition has been six years in the making , with most of the work being carried out overnight , to allow the Crown Jewels to remain on display throughout . Thousands of visitors pour in to the Tower of London every day , though Hanson insists "  there are no queues here -- only ` lines of expectation . ' " And the fact that the jewels are one of the key attractions for international visitors to London has played a large role in the way they are now displayed , with little writing and a reliance instead on imagery and film , from animations , to painting , to film of the Queen 's 1953 coronation . "  The point is not to tell people about the collection , but to show them -- the Crown Jewels are the stars of the show , " said interpretation manager Rebecca Richards . The exhibition also features dramatic lighting and sound effects , designed to allow the precious stones and gold to glow and shine in all their glory . "  They are not relics , " said Richards . "  They are part of an active tradition , and they are still used today . " So while anyone making a trip to the Tower can expect to be greeted by plenty of glitz and sparkle whenever they visit , they should n't be too surprised if they find a small card in place of the Imperial State Crown , reading simply : "  In use . "	Britain 's Crown Jewels contain some of the most famous precious stones in the world The collection has been worn by members of the British monarchy for generations Jewels kept in Tower of London , watched over by Yeomen Warders , or "  Beefeaters " New-look exhibition unveiled just in time for Queen Elizabeth II 's Diamond Jubilee
CNN  -- A French magazine has been fined for publishing topless photographs of Britain 's likely future queen , Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , and ordered not to distribute the magazine in print or online , a French court ruled Tuesday . The court ordered Closer magazine to hand over the original photos to the royal family within 24 hours of the ruling and to pay them 2,000 euros  about $ 2,600  . The magazine must pay a further 10,000 euros a day if it is late in handing over the photos . And a French prosecutor opened a preliminary criminal investigation into the incident , the Nanterre prosecutor 's office said Tuesday . Catherine and her husband , Prince William , the second in line to the throne , "  welcome the injunction that 's been granted . They always believed the law was broken and that they were entitled to their privacy , " the palace said . French law provides for "  draconian sanctions " to protect against invasions of privacy , British lawyer Charlotte Harris said , including orders to take magazines off shelves and the imposition of serious fines . Separately , the board of a newspaper that published the topless photos is conducting an internal investigation . The board of the Irish Daily Star was considering shutting down the newspaper but decided to await the investigation results , which are expected in "  a few weeks . " After the Irish Daily Star published the photos Saturday , one of the newspaper 's editors was suspended , pending the investigation . The royal family filed a criminal complaint seeking invasion of privacy charges against Closer and possibly the photographer , a palace spokeswoman said . The photos of Catherine sunbathing are more about invasion of privacy rather than nudity , royal biographer Christopher Andersen said . Prince William and his brother , Prince Harry , still blame the media for the 1997 death of their mother , Princess Diana , in a Paris traffic accident as her driver fled paparazzi , Andersen said . French investigators concluded the driver of the car Diana was traveling in lost control while he was intoxicated . The royal family is concerned about similar invasions , particularly if William and Catherine have a child , Andersen said . In a civil court proceeding Monday in Paris , attorneys for the royals asked for damages and a court order to prevent the photos from being published again . William and Kate : Keeping calm and carrying on They also want existing photos taken offline , a palace spokesman said . The court ruled in their favor on both counts Tuesday . Lawyer Aurelien Hamelle denounced the published photos in court Monday , calling them an infringement of privacy , CNN affiliates reported . "  It is a scene of married life , intimate , personal , that has nothing to do on a magazine , " Hamelle said . Chi , an Italian magazine owned by the same company as Closer , put out a special edition Monday with 26 pages of photos of William and Catherine on vacation . As editors at Closer did last week , Chi executives defended publishing the photos despite the furor from London . "  It is a story worth publishing in an extraordinary edition because it shows in a natural light the everyday life of a very famous contemporary young couple in love , " Editor-in-Chief Alfonso Signorini said in a statement . Chi and Closer are owned by the Mondadori publishing company , which is headed by Marina Berlusconi , daughter of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . Opinion : Wake up , Kate ; photogs are always watching CNN 's Per Nyberg , Laura Smith-Spark and Hada Messia , and journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report .	NEW : Irish Daily Star is conducting investigation before deciding whether to shut down Catherine and Prince William "  welcome " the injunction , the palace says A court orders Closer magazine to hand over the photos within 24 hours The royals have also filed a criminal complaint in France
Washington  CNN  -- There is no argument the Republican presidential field has breadth . From Mitt Romney , the former Republican governor of liberal Massachusetts , who needs to convince primary doubters of his core conservatism to Texas Rep. Ron Paul , sometimes called "  the intellectual godfather " of the Tea Party , who needs to convince doubters that in his third run at the job he is more than a conversation-mover . It 's largely a field of formers -- not a contemporary marquee name or a perfect fit in the bunch : Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich -- a conservative big-idea guy , who often careens off-message and carries some personal baggage . He might be carrying his own actual baggage now since almost his entire senior campaign staff has bolted . An inside look at Monday 's CNN debate Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty -- like Romney , he has chief executive credibility , having maneuvered his way through two terms in one of the bluest states in the country , but he 'll have to defend some of that record to a conservative base and work on upping his campaign skills to the national level . Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum -- a favorite of social conservatives whose first pressing problem is convincing people he has a shot at powerhouse Team Obama . And the former CEO of Godfather 's Pizza Herman Cain , a conservative radio host . Dismissed by Republican stalwarts as entertainment , he has nonetheless found some poll traction . Profiles of the seven GOP contenders There is some question about depth -- almost 40 % of Republicans say they 're not satisfied with the field . Critics have called it weak but a top Republican strategist thinks it 's more like wide-open , American style . "  People like to have a lot of choices when they go into the grocery store , and they are looking at cereals -- they want a big array of choices , " said Ed Gillespie , a former chairman of the Republican National Committee . "  The same is true for activists and others -- they want lots of choices and that will be the case until things are settled . " Social media at the debate Tea Party star congresswoman Michele Bachman and Jon Huntsman , the former Utah governor and U.S. ambassador to China , are two of the premiere unsettled pieces of the Republican puzzle . But they need to get in now , if not earlier -- people are choosing sides , campaign money is finite and time is almost up . "  The Ames -LSB- Iowa -RSB- straw poll is less that three months away and it is the first real event of the primary cycle , so time is beginning , you know -- the calendar is beginning to accelerate , " Gillespie said . Ready or not . Watch State of the Union with Candy Crowley Sundays at 9am ET . For the latest from State of the Union click here .	Most of current crop of Republican presidential contenders are former office-holders Almost 40 % of Republican voters say they 're not satisfied with current field For those not yet in the race , time is running out -- voters are already choosing sides
