CNN  -- Hassan Addahoumi fled Libya in the late 1970s , driven from his homeland by the hard-line tactics of Moammar Gadhafi . More than 30 years later , his son has returned and is watching what could be the longtime leader 's collapse . "  He 's going to be part of the history , " Addahoumi said about his son , Sammi , who is in the rebel hub of Benghazi . "  This is our dream come true . " Addahoumi spoke to CNN from his home in Columbia , South Carolina , where he said he was glued to news about Libya . The nearly 42-year rule of Gadhafi appeared on the verge of collapse early Monday , with rebel supporters making it to the same Tripoli square where regime loyalists had congregated for months . Addahoumi said he left his country after studying law in Benghazi . "  The regime was very , very tough , " he said . "  If you stayed there , you had to be in either the prison or the cemetery . " Over the years , Addahoumi said he has returned to Libya from time to time and that he wishes he could be there now . "  I wish I could be part of this history , " he said . A part of him is . Addahoumi 's son , Sammi , sent CNN an iReport from Benghazi that showed video of large , boisterous crowds in the city 's Freedom Square as developments played on a large screen . He also spoke to CNN by phone . "  The spirits are quite high , " said Sammi , 28 , a deli manager . "  Everyone is expecting Tripoli to fall . " He said he has spent time off and on in Libya since 2005 . Every summer , he tries to spend at least a month there , he said . Watching the uprising , which he called "  42 years in the making , " Sammi said he was filled with joy . "  It 's exhilarating , " he said . "  And it 's also a lot of anticipation ... will Libya stay together ? " An ocean away , his father voiced confidence . He said Libyans have the resources they need to build the country and that they will do it , piece by piece . "  This is the best thing that could have happened to us , " Addahoumi said . "  Libya is going to be a new nation . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Dana Ford contributed to this report	Hassan Addahoumi watches news of his native Libya from South Carolina His son , Sammi , is in the rebel hub of Benghazi Sammi says the Libyan uprising has been "  42 years in the making "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  Police have arrested more than 500 parents in and around the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar for not allowing their children to get the polio vaccine , an official said Tuesday . Peshawar Deputy Commissioner Riaz Khan Mehsud told CNN that the 513 arrests took place Monday and Tuesday as part of a government campaign to administer polio vaccines in parts of Pakistan 's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . Those arrested will be released on bail if they sign an affidavit stating that they will let their children get vaccinated , according to the deputy commissioner . Pakistan 's vaccination rate is inordinately low for a number of reasons , including attacks on medical workers , the displacement of people due to ongoing military operations and a lack of trust by some families . Whatever the reason , the fact that a large number of children are not immunized is having an impact . Such vaccines are credited with wiping out polio in most parts of the world . But Pakistan is an exception , according to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative , a public-private partnership that includes the World Health Organization and United Nations Children 's Fund  UNICEF  . The South Asian nation leads all others in new polio cases in recent years , and has nine of this year 's 10 reported cases . In 2014 , Pakistan had 327 cases . The next closest country was Nigeria , with 36 cases . Authorities in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province hope to ensure that 2.7 million children there get vaccine drops . They 've learned about more than 13,000 cases in which parents have not done so since a provincial campaign began two weeks ago , Mehsud said . Dr. Bilal Ahmad , a UNICEF team leader based in Pakistan , called authorities ' unprecedented move a last-ditch effort to clear polio from "  cluster " zones where large numbers of families have refused to get their children vaccinated . "  First the workers  try to  convince them , then their supervisors , then senior members of the community , " Ahmad said . "  This government action  is the final step in eradicating this issue . " Polio is a highly infectious viral disease that primarily affects young children , sometimes leading to paralysis and death . The virus is easily preventable through immunization , but there 's no cure once it is contracted . It went from being a health issue to a security issue after U.S. intelligence officials used a vaccination program to help in their hunt for Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Under cover of the program , the CIA sought to collect DNA samples from relatives of the al Qaeda leader to verify his presence in a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . CIA policy : Wo n't use vaccination programs as part of operations Those administering the vaccines have become targets , with the National Emergency Operations Center reporting that more than 70 medical workers have been killed in attacks since December 2012 . And in June 2012 , Pakistani Taliban commander Hafiz Gul Bahadur announced that polio vaccines would be banned in another Pakistani province -- North Waziristan -- because of drone strikes there . Bahadur called the strikes "  worse than polio . " CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this report from Atlanta .	Official : Parents who sign affidavit vowing to vaccinate their children will be released Pakistan has more new polio cases than any other country Militants have targeted health workers administering vaccines for years
CNN  -- Selena Gomez is ready to show off a new side . She 's starred in a TV movie sequel to her hit Disney series , "  Wizards of Waverly Place , " and the edgy , R-rated drama , "  Spring Breakers , " and this month the former teen queen is celebrating her 21st birthday , releasing her fourth studio album and rehearsing for her first arena tour . With the release of her new LP , "  Stars Dance , " the world is getting a glimpse of a more adult Gomez . CNN sat down with the multi-hyphenate on the morning of her birthday , and she opened up about how much she 's grown since leaving teendom behind . "  The past year and a half has been really transitional for me , just personally , as well as transitioning into becoming a woman , " she said . "  I still feel like I 'm 15 sometimes and then other times , I 'm wanting to feel comfortable in my body and my skin . " For this album , Gomez drew inspiration from her favorite pop star , Britney Spears , as well as from her good friend Taylor Swift for a more mature sound . The former "  Mouse House " starlet revealed she is most proud of this album because it is the first time she was able to dedicate herself fully to her music . "  I was able to have full creative control over it . Before , I would have maybe a month or two to record an album , and I 'd have to do my series at the same time and tour on the weekends . I was n't in the right mindset to fully give my all . " Gomez began acting professionally at a young age , nabbing roles in children 's programs such as "  Barney and Friends . " As more former child stars are seen heading down dark and destructive paths , Gomez has always made a conscious effort to keep from falling down the same rabbit hole . The secret ? It all comes down to the company you keep . "  I truly believe that you are who you surround yourself with . To me , it 's that easy . I have a great family , I have great friends , and my mom is like my mama bear . She 's the one that 's going to tell me ` no ' when everyone around me says ` yes . ' It 's a good thing to have a tight group that will keep you in check . " "  Stars Dance " is a very personal album , Gomez said . Expectations for the disc are high , following three Top 10 debuts from her previous albums . "  Come and Get It " marked Gomez 's first single to break into the Top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 . With a 64-date arena tour on the horizon , the performer is determined to strike while the iron 's hot . "  I really just want to give it my all . I 've never been this tired . Dancing so much , singing constantly , just getting it tight . We want the show to be really big . I want it to be big , but in a grand way , just having my dancers and just bringing it to life . " Despite her hectic schedule and speculation about whether she 'll rekindle her relationship with Justin Bieber , Gomez said she has no plans for a break in the near future . In fact , it may not be long before fans will be treated to album No. 5 . "  I 'm already in the studio now . I actually started working on new stuff and creating a whole fun , different vibe . It 's constantly evolving . I 'm super-stoked with where this is , and hopefully it will continue to just get better . "	Selena Gomez has high hopes for new album , "  Stars Dance " The former Disney star says she 's become a woman Gomez is already recording new songs for her next album
CNN  -- If competing in the Europa Leage for the first time since 2002 came as a culture shock to European champions Chelsea they did n't show it . This time last year they were embarking on an adventure that would culminate in a first ever Champions League triumph but after falling in the group stages this season they find themselves battling it out in Europe 's second tier club competition . Roberto Di Matteo , who led them to victory over Bayern Munich in May 2012 , has since departed , to be replaced by former Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez , who is yet to convince many supporters he 's the right man for the job . But Benitez 's introduction of Brazilian midfielder Oscar proved a masterstroke as he scored with his first involvement after coming on with nine minutes remaining to hand Chelsea a 1-0 victory over Sparta Prague in the first leg of their last 32 tie . Oscar played a one-two with Belgium international Eden Hazard and applied the finish to give Chelsea a crucial away goal . Benitez told ESPN after the game : "  It was difficult game , we started really well , in the first 20 minutes we were in control . We were under pressure in the last 20 minutes of the first half but changed things at half time and played well in the second half . "  Oscar made a difference but the team was better in the second half . " Fellow English club Liverpool did n't fare so well , suffering their second successive 2-0 defeat after being beaten by Zenit St Petersburg in Russia . Two goals in two minutes turned the tie , Hulk -- a multi-million signing from Portuguese club Porto -- scoring a brilliant opener from range before Sergei Semak turned home a cross at the back post . There had been fears before hand that some of Liverpool 's players would be targeted by a section of Zenit 's fans who posted a manifesto on their website that said an absence of black players in the club 's squad was an "  important tradition . " But after the game Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers told a press conference : "  I want to thank the people of St Petersburg for their hospitality and how we 've been received here . " On their defeat he said : "  I thought we looked solid and a threat going forward and could have been in the lead at half-time . "  In 6 to 12 months ' time , we wo n't be making those mistakes . This is part of our growing pains as a group . We have to be more clinical . But we gave away two poor goals tonight . We ended up losing the game when we should have won it . " Europa League holders Atletico Madrid face an uphill task to stay in the competition after being beaten 2-0 at home by Russian side Rubin Kazan . Gokdeniz Karadeniz put the away side in front before Roman Sharonov was sent off just before half time , yet Rubin added a second in stoppage time through Pablo Orbaiz . Czech side Viktoria Plzen recorded a shock 3-0 win at Napoli , who are currently second in the Italian league . Vladimir Darida , Frantisek Rajtoral and Stanislav Tecl found the net . Two goals from Rodrigo Palacio put Inter Milan in a commanding position against CFR Cluj-Napoca before the second leg in Romania . Two free kick goals from Gareth Bale -- the second in the last ten seconds of the match -- helped Tottenham to a 2-1 victory over French side Lyon in London . Fellow English side Newcastle saw two Papiss Cisse goals dubiously ruled out for offside as they drew 0-0 with Metalist Kharkiv from the Ukraine . Borussia Monchengladbach shared six goals with Italian side Lazio during their first leg in Germany , Libor Kozak scoring a 94th minute equalizer for the visiting side . Anzhi Makhachkala won the first leg of their clash with Hannover 96 , of Germany , 3-1 in Russia . Anzhi , managed by former Netherlands and Chelsea coach Guus Hiddink won 3-1 thanks to goals from Samuel Eto'o , Odil Ahmedov and Mbark Boussoufa . Dutch champions Ajax beat Romanian club Steaua Bucharest 2-0 thanks to goals from Toby Alderweireld and Ricardo Van Rhijn . Portuguese international Raul Meireles was sent off for Fenerbahce as the Turks drew 0-0 away at Bate Borisov in Belarus . Oscar Cardozo 's delicate chip earned Portuguese outfit Benfica a precious 1-0 victory away at Bayer Leverkusen in Germany . Oleg Gusev missed a late penalty as Ukrainian club Dynamo Kiev had to settle for a 1-1 draw with French side Bordeaux . Ludovic Obraniak canceled out Lukman Haruna 's opener for Dynamo . Goals from Pedro RÃos , Jose Barkero and Obafemi Martins helped Spanish side Levante to a comfortable 3-0 victory over Olympiakos , from Greece . Swiss side FC Basel beat Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk , of Ukraine , 2-0 while VfB Stuttgart drew 1-1 with Belgian side Racing Genk in Germany .	European champions Chelsea defeat Sparta Prague 1-0 in Czech Republic thanks to Oscar Napoli , second in Serie A , suffer a shock 3-0 home defeat by Czech side Viktoria Plzen Europa League holders Atletico Madrid suffer a 2-0 home defeat to Russian side Rubin Kazan Zenit St Petersburg defeat Liverpool 2-0 in first leg of their Europa League last 32 clash
CNN  -- Firefighters early Thursday extinguished a massive blaze that scorched the exterior of a 40-story apartment building in Grozny , Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . No one was killed or injured but dozens were evacuated from the skyscraper and nearby buildings , RIA Novosti said of the fire in the capital of the Russian republic of Chechnya . It quoted a spokesman for the republic 's emergencies service . RIA Novosti said preliminary information indicated the fire was caused by a short circuit . Plastic trimming on the exterior was destroyed . The building 's interior was untouched , according to the news agency . Wednesday , officials told CNN that no one was living at the building at the time of the fire . It was not clear whether those evacuated were workers or others temporarily in the building . Most of the floors of the building -- the largest in Chechnya , and built just a few years ago , according to RIA Novosti -- were on fire , a police source told the news agency . More than 100 firefighters battled the blaze .	NEW : Apartment fire put out in Chechen capital NEW : Cause believed to be short circuit More than 100 firefighters worked extinguish fire
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. missile defense test failed Sunday when a long-range missile missed its target because of radar problems . The Defense Department said a target missile was launched from an Army test site at Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands at 7:40 p.m. Six minutes later , a second missile was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , to find the first one and destroy it . Both missiles flew successfully , but missed each other because of a problem in the sea-based X-band radar , the department 's Missile Defense Agency said . The X-band radar sits atop a modified floating oil platform and provides information about incoming missiles so military officials can launch a response . "  Both the target missile and ground-based interceptor performed nominally after launch . However , the sea-based X-band radar did not perform as expected , " the agency said . Officials intend to investigate the cause of the interception failure .	Test missile fired from Pacific atoll Interceptor fired from California base Problem with sea-based radar led to test failure , defense department says
CNN  -- Barcelona soccer coach Tito Vilanova is recovering in hospital following surgery to remove a regrown cancerous tumor . The Spanish league leaders ' website reported on Thursday that the operation "  went ahead according to schedule . " "  The manager 's post-surgery recovery will determine his stay at hospital . In line with the patient 's wishes , please respect the privacy and confidentiality of the process , " the club said . In November 2011 , Vilanova had a tumor removed from his parotid gland -- which is at the back of the mouth -- when he was assistant to his predecessor as Barca boss , Pep Guardiola . That operation was thought to have been a success and when Guardiola went on sabbatical , Vilanova took over as coach of the team -- seemingly in good health , but more cancerous cells have been discovered . Vilanova is expected to be hospitalized for three to four days after his surgery and will then have chemotherapy and radiotherapy treatment lasting around six weeks , according to Barca 's website . Club doctors have said he will still be able to work while his treatment takes place and there are no plans for him to step down . His assistant Jordi Roura will take charge for the weekend clash with Valladolid . At a press conference , club president Sandro Rosell said : "  I want to thank everyone for their support on behalf of the team and Tito . We have complete confidence in the team . The club is very strong and very united , we 're capable of overcoming adversity . "  Tito is strong , very strong , he 's shown us that and we 're convinced that he 'll be back with us soon . " Vilanova had told the Barca website earlier this week : "  Being a head manager is difficult , but being an assistant manager is n't easy either . I would say it 's more difficult to be an assistant manager than it is to be a head manager . " Under Vilanova 's guidance , Barcelona have been unbeatable in the Spanish league -- dropping just two points -- and hold a nine-point lead over second-placed Atletico Madrid , with close rivals Real Madrid 13 points behind the Catalan side . Real responded to the news by expressing their support for Vilanova , in a statement on their official website . They said : "  Real Madrid wish to express their heartfelt support to Barcelona coach , Tito Vilanova , to whom we wish a prompt recovery . Real Madrid extend this support to his club and family . " Barca also finished top of their European Champions League group , suffering just one defeat in six matches . Key to their success this season has been the number of goals Lionel Messi has scored , with the Argentine netting 25 times during the current campaign and 90 times during the calendar year . As a youngster Vilanova was at Barcelona 's youth academy -- La Masia -- with Guardiola , though unlike the former Barca captain he failed to graduate to the first team . Vilanova went on to play for some of Spanish football 's lesser known clubs -- Figueras , Celta , Badajoz , Mallorca , Lleida , Elche and Gramenet -- before retiring as a player in 2002 and turning to coaching . When the 44-year-old Vilanova was appointed , Barca sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta argued it was "  a logical decision " because he "  represents the same style of play and the same philosophy . " "  Tito has been working here with us , so why not Tito ? He puts in all the hours until he sleeps and he has the personality that we need to lift us . He 's different to Pep , but Tito 's the one , " said Zubizarreta . "  We 've always looked in house . We have Tito -- it 's simple . We need n't go out on the market . " Between 2008 and 2014 with Guardiola and Vilanova as coach and assistant , the Catalan club won 14 trophies , including two Champions League titles . That recent success has been fostered on a tradition of developing their own players at their youth academy . "  Our style of play is so different from the rest of the teams that it 's just easier to send out a guy that grew up playing our style football , " said Vilanova . "  These players train their whole lives as Barca players , with the Barca system . If they play for the first team , it 's because we think we can win with them on the pitch . " Since taking charge of Barca , Vilanova has won 23 of his 27 matches in all competitions , suffering just two defeats .	Barcelona coach Tito Vilanova suffers tumor relapse but will stay in post Vilonova has surgery in Barcelona before starting chemotherapy and radiotherapy When Vilanova was assistant to Guardiola between 2008 and 2014 , Barca won 14 trophies Under Vilanova , Barca have won 23 of their 27 matches this season
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A least one person was shot dead and 55 others -- including four police -- were wounded Wednesday when private security guards and Iraqi security forces opened fire on hundreds of demonstrators outside the governor 's office in the eastern city of Kut , health officials said . Police officials in Kut , about 63 miles  110 kilometers  south of Baghdad , tell CNN that nearly 2,000 demonstrators demanded the resignation of Wasit 's provincial governor , Latif Hamed , accusing him of corruption . Some of the protesters tried to force their way inside the governor 's office , prompting private security guards to shoot at them , police said . After the shooting , the situation escalated rapidly and the protesters became angrier , Kut police said . Dozens of protesters stormed the governor 's office again and destroyed furniture inside , then set the building on fire . Another group of demonstrators went to the governor 's house and set it on fire . Kut police tell CNN that Hamed was not in the city when protesters attacked his office and his house . Another group of protesters stormed the provincial council building and set it on fire , forcing some council members to flee the building from a rear gate , police said . Initially , Iraqi security forces used water cannons and batons on the crowds of demonstrators but later opened fire when protesters started attacking government buildings . Health officials said the four Iraqi police officers were wounded when protesters hurled stones at them . A few hours later , more Iraqi army troops entered the city and imposed a full curfew . The demonstration was to warn the government and lawmakers to conduct reforms and end the corruption "  that destroyed this country , " said one protester , an older man . "  Look at our city , " another protester said . "  It is a ruined city . The government has not done anything to improve the services here or find jobs for our sons . " "  This government is only looking  out  for its interests and not the interests of Iraqi people , " another said . The protesters were heard shouting , "  Down with  Prime Minister Nuri  al-Maliki , down with the corruption , down with thieves . " Others were carrying a banner that said , "  Eight years of suffering , where are your promises ? " referring to the Iraqi government that took power after Saddam Hussein 's regime in 2003 . On February 3 , another rally was held in Kut as citizens protested against the lack of basic services , unemployment and corruption and called for improvement of food rations in Wasit province , a predominantly Shiite province about 68 miles  110 kilometers  south of Baghdad . The demonstrations are the latest in a series across Iraq , as protesters are inspired by uprisings in the Middle East . In Falluja , hundreds of protesters walked toward the city council building and the mayor 's office on Tuesday , demanding the resignation of the mayor and the head of the city council because of corruption and their inability to provide basic services to the people . Iraqiya state TV , for the first time since the demonstrations started across the country more than two weeks ago , broadcast video footage of the Kut demonstration and urged people to protest peacefully and not to turn to violence . From Mohammed Tawfeeq	Protesters are angry at the governor of Wasit province After an initial confrontation with security guards and police , protesters set fire to buildings The Iraqi army has imposed a curfew on the city
CNN  -- This month , Just Imagine focused on the future of nature and the ways in which it can inspire solutions to some of the greatest challenges facing humanity today . A digital representation of the human genome . Yet as scientists gain a greater understanding of biological processes , they 're also learning how to manipulate them , including the very essence of what makes us human -- our DNA . Biotechnology advances are already helping scientists find groundbreaking ways to create personalized medicine , detect illnesses and eradicate disease . And this , according to futurist Ray Kurzweil , is only the beginning . In the future , humans will be able to reverse the aging process , replace dying organs with younger ones grown from an individual 's own DNA and even genetically engineer unborn children , he said . But some , like the UK-based group Human Genetics Alert , worry the ability to reprogram our biochemistry could lead mankind into unknown territory with dangerous ramifications for the future , including genetic discrimination and even a redefinition of what it means to be human . We want to hear your views . To what extent should we be able to alter our genetic makeup ? Should there be a limit ? And how should it be determined exactly what that limit is ? Post your comments in the Sound Off box below . We 'll publish the best .	We ask , to what extent should we be able to alter our own DNA ? Ray Kurzweil : Reprogramming DNA could expand human potential Human Genetics Alert says could lead to genetic discrimination , social issues What do you think ? Post your views in the Sound Off box below .
CNN  -- NASCAR has a new king . It 's not enough that the Daytona 500 champion turned 20 years old the day before the race , making him the youngest driver ever to win ; he is also the first rookie ever to win it . "  I never thought in a million years we were gon na win our first one , " Trevor Bayne told CNN Monday morning , "  it 's incredible . " Bayne was n't the only one who did n't think he would win . He came into the race a complete underdog , according to some NASCAR writers , and even into the last lap , it was anyone 's guess who would take the checkered flag . Read about Trevor Bayne 's race for faith Bayne said that after he saw the white flag signaling the final lap , "  I thought we were in the worst position possible . " Less than a minute later , he got an unobstructed view of the checkered flag , and "  there was a collective gasp at the track , " said motorsports writer Jeff Gluck . "  It was probably the most memorable race I 've ever been to , " said Gluck , who is starting his eighth season covering NASCAR . Bayne , less than a full day into his historic win in NASCAR 's most prestigious race , has been thrust into sudden fame . "  It has n't sunk in to me yet just how big a deal this is , " said the Knoxville , Tennessee , native . "  This is just , ah , incredible . " Sunday 's race provided a record-setting start for NASCAR 's premier Sprint Cup series , and a fresh new face for fans . "  It 's great for the sport , " Gluck says , "  fans have been clamoring for a new personality . " "  Nobody does n't like him , " Gluck said of Bayne . "  He 's someone everyone can get behind . " "  I ca n't thank everybody enough , " Bayne said . In only his second Sprint Cup race , the young driver spoke reverently of veteran drivers on the track who "  took that leap of faith seeing our yellow rookie stripes on the back bumper , and still worked with us anyway . " "  Those guys are the ones that laid the foundation . " Bayne said he almost felt bad about his win because he was "  coming in and spoiling the fun for everybody . " Bayne , who is not yet 21 and ca n't drink alcohol , had to have a different celebratory drink . "  I think they had Gatorade instead of whatever else they use in the victory lanes , " he said . Gluck said Bayne is outspoken about his faith . He is also active in Back2Back Ministries , a Christian organization that works with orphaned children and needy people in Mexico , Nigeria and India . Bayne 's car was inducted into the Daytona 500 Museum Monday morning , where it will remain until next year 's winning car claims the spot . According to Gluck , drivers divided up a purse worth $ 18.7 million , with Bayne 's team , the Wood Brothers racing , taking in $ 1.4 million . He said Bayne is expected to get about one-third of that .	Trevor Bayne "  never thought in a million years " he 'd win his first time out at Daytona He becomes the first rookie ever to win NASCAR 's most prestigious race "  There was a collective gasp " as the race ended , motorsports writer says Bayne is considered a "  fresh new face ' " for NASCAR fans
Kathmandu  CNN  -- A fight for supremacy between two octogenarian climbers is heating up on the slopes of the world 's highest mountain . Eighty-year-old Japanese national Yuichiro Miura is on his way home after becoming the oldest climber to reach the summit of Everest on Thursday . But his achievement may soon be overshadowed as his old rival , veteran Nepali climber Min Bahadur Sherchan , 81 , acclimatizes at base camp , ready to reclaim his title . The two mountaineers first clashed in 2008 , when Sherchan , then 76 , reached the 29,028-foot  8,848-meter  peak a day before Miura , then 75 . However , it was Miura 's ascent that made it into Guinness World Records , forcing Sherchan to travel to London to set the record straight . Back in Nepal , he gathered paperwork , photos , witness accounts and media reports to confirm his ascent , and his feat finally entered the record books in 2010 . Sherchan dismissed talk that he was making the climb because he was in danger of losing his record . He said he had planned to reach the summit last year but failed to secure financial support . "  Why should I go to set a record ? I have my own record . I wanted to climb Everest in my eighth decade , " he said before he left for base camp . Oldest Everest climber finally gets recognition Mountaineering officials in Nepal said the government had waived a permit fee of $ 10,000 and given him about $ 11,200 to fund his ascent . This year marks the 60th anniversary of the first expedition to reach the summit of Everest : Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay made it to the top of the mountain on May 29 , 1953 . Before he boarded his flight at Kathmandu airport on Sunday , Miura said he had scaled Everest for the last time . "  I think three times is enough , " said Miura , who made his first ascent at the age of 70 . "  At this point I could not think of anything but rest . " He wished Sherchan good luck but called on his rival to take a photograph as evidence of a successful climb . Known for his exploits an extreme skier , Miura made the ascent with his son Gota . Sherchan 's wife , however , was less than thrilled by her husband 's late-in-life mountaineering . "  Of course I do not want him to go , " Purna Kumari Sherchan said . "  I had told him not to go even the first time . " The traffic jam on the roof of the world Sherchan is being assisted in his ascent by a Sherpa who has climbed Everest 12 times . To prepare , Sherchan carried a 25-kilogram  55-pound  load on his back while walking up and down the stairs of his three-story Kathmandu home several times a day . "  If I am unsuccessful , it will be because of the weather . It will not be because of my physical condition , " Sherchan said . Journalist Manesh Shrestha reported from Katmandu . Journalist Katie Hunt reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Japan 's Yuichiro Miura , 80 , is on way home after becoming the oldest climber to scale Everest Record may already be at risk as 81-year-old rival acclimatizes at base camp The pair have a longstanding rivalry since Sherchan claimed the title in 2008
CNN  -- We 've seen this dynamic before : A mundane and wonky issue that many have never heard of suddenly elevates to national prominence . Remember the debt ceiling and that it was mostly an unknown quantity five years ago ? This time it 's renewing the authority of this thing called the Export-Import Bank to do business . The obscure independent agency provides loan guarantees to foreign companies struggling to secure financing to purchase goods from American manufacturers . But much of its financing goes to aircraft manufacturing giant Boeing and costs taxpayers about $ 200 million per year , which critics contend wastes money and skews private markets . The agency 's authority to make loans expires September 30 and Congress is now tasked with deciding once again whether to renew it . Is this government agency worth saving ? But it also is the latest battle emerging within the Republican Party , once again pitting the establishment against the tea party . Michael Needham , CEO of Heritage Action , the political arm of a similarly named conservative think tank and leading opponent , said the Ex-Im Bank is , "  the purist form of corporate cronyism that exists in Washington , D.C. " On the other side of the debate is Christopher Wenk , senior director for international policy at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , which represents business interests in the capital . Wenk said the bank 's demise would cost 200,000 jobs and that the chamber 's members nationwide are "  scratching their heads about why this is such a big deal in Washington . " The agency has been in place for nearly 80 years . Congress reauthorized it in 2012 , passing overwhelmingly despite some noisy Republican opposition . There was no Republican pushback to its previous reauthorization . Why the controversy now ? With the rise of the tea party in 2010 and the resulting influx of lawmakers fiercely opposed to more government spending , the issue had the means to gain some traction . Needham said his organization devoted time and resources to lobby against and were "  excited " to see 93 House members and 20 senators oppose it the last time around . Heritage and other conservative groups , including Club for Growth , FreedomWorks and Americans for Prosperity , have now had two years to gin up a coalition and pressure Congress . In addition , Rep. Jeb Hensarling of Texas , a fierce opponent of the bank , was elected to lead the committee that oversees it , helping to raise the profile of opponents . The bank has long had critics , but nothing has risen to the level where Congress might try to shut it down . The bank has been involved in numerous lawsuits , including by Delta Air Lines and related groups who contend its lending practices boost foreign competitors through aircraft sales . Delta flies worldwide . Environmental groups have also launched court challenges , opposing the bank 's heavy backing of fossil fuels . In a campaign address about cutting government waste , candidate Barack Obama called the Ex-Im Bank "  corporate welfare . " In the 1980s , William H. Becker and William M. McClenahan wrote in their book "  The Market , the State and the Export-Import Bank " that President Ronald Reagan was "  initially unsympathetic " as opposition from the left and the right rose . But neither Reagan nor Obama tried to dissolve it . Obama now supports it and asked Congress to raise its borrowing cap and extend its authority for five years . The politics It 's also an election year and the issue was elevated last week because the newly elected House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , flipped his position and came out in opposition , emboldening the more conservative wing of the party . No. 2 Republican hates Export-Import bank His shift comes after his predecessor , Ex-Im Bank supporter and outgoing majority leader , Eric Cantor , lost his primary to Dave Brat , who campaigned against corporate welfare . While the Chamber of Commerce and tea party-linked groups have been battling it out in Republican primaries , this issue is adding to the feud . "  Some see it as a prime opportunity to make a political statement , " Wenk said . "  That 's ' one of my biggest beefs right now . " Neither Heritage nor the Chamber of Commerce would discuss their political strategy , but both said that using this issue in campaigns is very likely .	The Export-Import Bank is up for reauthorization Conservatives oppose the 80-year-old institution Supporters say its demise would cost U.S. jobs It 's the latest battle between establishment and tea party-aligned Republicans
CNN  -- Police have arrested four men in connection with a Chicago shooting that wounded 13 people , including a 3-year-old boy , authorities said Tuesday . Two of the four suspects -- Tabari Young , 22 , and Bryon Champ , 21 -- fired shots in the incident , Chicago police said . All four have been charged with attempted murder and aggravated battery with a firearm , police said . Young is accused of firing an assault-style rifle used in the shooting . Police say Champ also fired a gun during the incident . A third suspect , Kewane Gatewood , 20 , is accused of supplying the assault weapon , and Brad Jeff , 22 , was allegedly the lookout during the shooting , police said . "  Our officers and our detectives have worked tirelessly in partnership with the community , to solve this case and hold the criminals who committed this senseless act of violence responsible for their actions , " Chicago Police Superintendent Garry F. McCarthy said in a statement . In all , 13 people were shot Thursday at the Back of the Yards neighborhood on Chicago 's South Side . The shooting victims included 3-year-old Deonta Howard and two 15-year-olds . All the victims survived . ` It 's got to stop , ' Grandmother says after 3-year-old shot in Chicago Deonta 's grandmother made a plea to those fueling violence in Chicago . "  Y' all out here killing these innocent people , kids , parents , grandparents , mothers , fathers : It 's got to stop . You need to stop , " Semehca Nunn said . An assault-style rifle with a high-capacity magazine was used in the shooting , which appears to be gang-related , McCarthy has said . One of the alleged shooters , Champ , is a documented gang member , police said . Chicago bans some semiautomatic weapons and high-capacity magazines and restricts handguns . The FBI 's annual crime report last week showed Chicago had 500 homicides in 2012 , up from 431 in 2011 and more than any other American city . Chicago officials have said homicides this year are below the 2012 pace . Still , Chicago does not have the highest homicide rate in the United States . That distinction belongs to Flint , Michigan , with one homicide for every 1,613 residents , according to the FBI data . Detroit is close behind , with one killing for every 1,832 residents . In 2012 , the number of violent crimes increased by 0.7 % , compared with the previous year , according to the FBI figures . For Chicago , 7 weekend homicides represent progress CNN 's Mariano Castillo and David Simpson contributed to this report .	NEW : Four arrests are made , including two alleged shooters NEW : All charged with attempted murder and aggravated battery with firearm 13 people , including a 3-year-old , were shot and injured on Chicago 's south side Grandmother : "  Y' all out here killing these innocent people ... you need to stop . "
CNN  -- "  J. Edgar " is the latest in what seems to be a never-ending trend of treating a biopic as being compelling and interesting simply because the subject may be . The thing is , films do n't work that way and while J. Edgar Hoover was indeed a fascinating man and important in our country 's history , Clint Eastwood 's film from a script by Dustin Lance Black  "  Milk "  is dull from start to finish and often bears little resemblance to the truth . Let 's be clear about one thing up front : J. Edgar Hoover was a bad guy . He was a power-obsessed , racist paranoid with little concern for the working people , immigrants or ethnic minorities that helped build this country . He was the perfect example of someone who believed that in order to protect the United States , he was entitled to shred the document on which the country was founded , the U.S. Constitution . How or more importantly , why , those virtually undisputed facts were twisted into the mockery of history that is Eastwood 's "  J. Edgar " is anyone 's guess . It is , quite simply , a poorly conceived and constructed film . The through line , if you can call it that , is Hoover 's narration of his so-called memoirs to a series of FBI agents tasked with taking his dictation , each segment of which leads us to a chapter in Hoover 's life . His goal is clearly not to represent history -- since much of what he tells the agents is patently untrue -- and more to cement his own legacy as he sees it : A crusading champion of truth  yeah , right  justice  haw !  and the "  American Way . " The problem is , there are also scenes in the film that are not part of his memoirs and at times it 's hard to tell the difference between the first person and third person . Considering the film 's length , there 's a good chance audiences will stop caring at some point . I know I did . CNN Photos : Historical images of J. Edgar Hoover Blurred political history notwithstanding , "  J.Edgar " is so boring as to give tedium a bad name . There 's no beginning-middle-end -- and while that 's not necessarily an issue in and of itself , something has to replace that traditional structure . Here it 's an endless stream of flash-forwards and flashbacks of young Hoover , old Hoover , young Hoover again , not-so-young-as-young Hoover , middle-aged Hoover , gay Hoover , momma 's boy Hoover , dictating Hoover . It 's enough to make you dizzy . Leonardo DiCaprio is at less than his best as the rather unattractive G-Man and his accent is needless . Hoover was from Washington , D.C. and no one cares what he sounded like . Add that to his nervous tics , strange speech patterns and barely hidden stutter and it 's hard to see the forest for the trees , as it were . Eastwood prides himself on bringing in films on time and under budget and perhaps that 's why the old age makeup was so dreadful . Considering the advances in modern cinema makeup , I ca n't see any other reason . In portraying Hoover 's long-time companion Clyde Tolson , Armie Hammer looks like a burn victim in his later years . The thing is , Hoover was an interesting character and his story could make  and maybe has made  for a compelling literary biography . A film , however , has to have some sort of dramatic structure or tension . The audience needs either someone to root for -- or in this case , against -- and Eastwood and Black do n't give this to us . A perfect example of what could have been done is George Clooney 's exceptional 2005 film "  Good Night , and Good Luck , " where Clooney and co-writer Grant Heslov took the unvarnished villainy of Sen. Joseph McCarthy and crafted a compelling human drama around the bad guy . Granted , it was n't billed as a biography of McCarthy , but perhaps that 's the point . An argument can be made that living your life as a self-loathing closeted homosexual , a life which Hoover has been accused of living , can turn anyone into an unpleasant , unhappy , angry person and let 's for a moment assume that the theories about Hoover 's closeted homosexuality are true . Add to them what we know as fact about the man : Anti-communist , anti-labor , racist , momma 's boy , socially awkward , former stutterer , paranoid , and power-hungry proponent of "  the ends justify the means . " There you have an incredibly complex man and while the movie touches on many of these aspects , they leave it at that . It 's like offering someone a steak without mentioning the cut , accompaniments , quality of the meat , cooking method , etc. . While Hoover is shown trying to blackmail everyone from Franklin D. Roosevelt to Martin Luther King and routinely circumventing the law , these are not portrayed as particularly bad things to do . Nor , it must be said , are they shown to be good things . Therein lies the film 's major problem . It refuses to take any position on Hoover whatsoever , resulting in an overlong and uninteresting slog . The old saying that there are two sides to every story is simply not true . Hoover was not an ambiguous villain . Rather he could be viewed as a despicable man who ruined the lives of many good people and may have caused the deaths of many of his so-called enemies . He routinely broke the law and exceeded his mandate under the guise of protecting America . It 's too bad that one of modern cinema 's great master filmmakers could n't do more with such a compelling character and important part of this country 's history . Skip this and watch the aforementioned Clooney film again . "  J. Edgar " is rated R. I assume this is for strong language , as there 's nothing else in the film that would warrant the rating . The film opens in limited release today and wide release on Friday .	It is , quite simply , a poorly conceived and constructed film The film refuses to take any position on Hoover whatsoever It 's too bad that one of modern cinema 's great master filmmakers could n't do more
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- At least 10 people living in a squalid refugee camp in the capital of Bangladesh died in a riot and arson attack Saturday , police and other government officials said . "  Most of the victims are women and children and the government has already ordered an investigation , " district relief and rehabilitation officer Ekramul Haque told CNN . Police and witnesses said violent clashes erupted between locals and people living in the camp , who are widely known as "  stranded Pakistanis , " in the Mirpur district of Dhaka . The incident followed an altercation when a group of children set off firecrackers during a religious event earlier on Saturday . Police said nine people were burned to death while the other was shot dead during the clashes . Urdu-speaking camp residents allege that several hundred Bengalis carrying machetes and logs attacked the shanty town and set fire to their houses ; firefighters later extinguished the flames . Police told CNN they opened fire and lobbed tear gas shells to disperse the angry mob ; they said they detained more than 50 people at the scene . A leader of the refugees , Abdul Jabbar Khan , claimed the attack was a part of a move by local influential politicians who wanted to evict the refugees from the camps . But Elias Mollah , a member of parliament from Mirpur , who belongs to the ruling Awami League party , denied the allegations . Khan who heads the Stranded Pakistanis General Repatriation Committee  SPGRC  told CNN about 2,000 people were living in the camp when it came under attack on Saturday . He said about 300,000 Urdu-speaking people live on government land in around 70 shanty towns , known as "  Bihari camps . " During the partition of India in 1947 , several hundred thousand Muslims , mostly from the Indian state of Bihar , came to Dhaka and other cities in what is now Bangladesh . After Bangladesh gained independence , Pakistan refused to repatriate most of the Urdu-speaking people and they remained stranded in refugee camps . In 2008 , Bangladesh 's Supreme Court ruled that those who were born after independence had the right to Bangladeshi citizenship . 12 dead , dozens missing after Bangladesh ferry capsizes	Arson attack , riots leave 10 people living Dhaka refugee camp dead Most victims are women and children , says relief officer Security forces disperse angry crowds with tear gas
CNN  -- A photographer suspected of taking topless vacation pictures of Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , last year was placed under formal investigation in June , a spokeswoman for the Nanterre prosecutor said Friday . A second photographer is also expected to be placed under formal investigation "  soon , " the spokeswoman said . The editor of the French edition of Closer magazine , Laurence Pieau , was placed under formal investigation in July for having published the photographs last September , according to the prosecutor 's spokeswoman . The latest developments in the case had not been made public until now . The decision by the French Closer magazine to publish the photographs of Catherine , taken while she was on vacation with Prince William last September , sparked a debate over privacy -- and legal action by the royals . Mondadori France , the magazine 's publisher , was placed under investigation earlier this year , as were an unnamed female photographer and La Provence , a regional daily newspaper which also published the photographs . The grainy topless pictures , shot from a distance , were snapped while Catherine was sunbathing in private during a vacation at a chateau owned by William 's uncle in Provence , southern France . Closer was fined last September for publishing the topless photographs and ordered not to distribute the magazine in print or online . A French court also ordered the magazine to hand over the original photos to the royal family within 24 hours of the ruling . The photographs subsequently appeared in outlets in other countries , including Denmark , Italy and Sweden . No media outlet in Britain published the images . The Duchess of Cambridge made headlines for a different reason this week , having given birth on Monday to a son , Prince George . The royal baby , whose arrival was greeted with great fanfare by the media , is third-in-line to the throne . Royal Baby : What 's next ?	A photographer suspected of taking the topless photos is placed under formal investigation A second photographer is expected to be placed under formal investigation "  soon " The French Closer magazine sparked controversy when published the images The pictures were taken while Catherine was on a private vacation with Prince William
CNN  -- Bayern Munich extended their dream start to the Bundesliga campaign with a 3-0 thumping of Felix Magath 's Wolfsburg Tuesday to make it five wins from five . Mario Mandzukic scored twice after Bastian Schweinsteiger 's opener to secure an easy win for the Bavarian giants in the Allianz Arena . They have gone two points clear at the top after Eintracht Frankfurt were held 3-3 at home by two-time defending champions Borussia Dortmund . Schweinsteiger struck the post with a pair of efforts before giving Bayern a 24th minute lead . Mandzukic doubled the lead with a header in the 57th minute and rounded off the scoring eight minutes later with the fifth of the league season for the Croatian star . Dortmund were two up after goals from Lukasz Piszczek and Marco Reus inside the half hour mark on their travels . But second-placed Frankfurt pulled level with two goals inside two second half minutes from Stefan Aigner and Takashi Inui . Dortmund substitute Mario Goetze looked to have won it when he stabbed home for their third but Anderson salvaged a point for the home side after 73 minutes . In other matches , Schalke beat Mainz 3-0 with Jefferson Farfan opening the scoring from the spot and new boys Fortuna Dusseldorf continued their unbeaten start with a 2-0 win at Greuther Fuerth . In Italy , Serie A leaders Juventus dropped their first points of the season in a goalless draw at Fiorentina .	Bayern Munich go two points clear in Bundesliga Five wins from five for the Bavarian giants Champions Borussia Dortmund held in six-goal thriller at Eintracht Frankfurt Juventus held goalless at Fiorentina in Italy
CNN  -- Three retiree firefighters from the FDNY died this week from illnesses believed related to the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center . Daniel Heglund , Robert Leaver and Howard Bischoff , who suffered from cancer , died Monday within hours of each other , reported CNN affiliate NY1 . "  Losing three firefighters on the same day to WTC-related illnesses is a painful reminder that , 13 years later , we continue to pay a terrible price for the Department 's heroic efforts on September 11th , New York Fire Commissioner Daniel Nigro said in a statement . Ninety-two firefighters have died of illnesses related to the 9/11 attacks and hundreds of firefighters and ambulance workers suffer from respiratory problems , NY1 reported . All three men rushed to the World Trade Center site on the day of the attacks . They all retired in 2003 . Heglund was a firefighter from Rescue 4 in the Woodside section of Queens and had spent 21 years on the job , NY1 reported . Leaver was a member of Engine 202 in Red Hook and served 20 years . Bischoff was a fire officer for 19 years and served with Ladder 149 in Dyker Heights . News of the three deaths comes as advocates seek reauthorization of a program to provide health services to people with 9/11-related health problems at least through 2015 . President Barack Obama signed the James L. Zadroga 9/11 Health & Compensation Act into law in 2011 . "  I 'm asking -LSB- leaders in Washington -RSB- to be as brave as the people who responded on that day , " FDNY Union-Uniformed Fire Officers Association President James Lemonda said at a press conference . "  This is not just a firefighter issue . This is an American issue . " Government reports suggest workers at the World Trade Center were exposed to a number of chemicals that were known to be carcinogens , or agents that may cause cancer . Cancer is plaguing a growing number of first responders and rescuers who worked at ground zero after the terrorist attack . These are cancers the federal government says are thought to be directly related to that effort -- cancers like leukemia , myeloma , thyroid and prostate cancers . At the end of July , there were at least 1,646 certified cancer cases that have been documented by Mount Sinai Selikoff Centers for Occupational Health . There were some additional 863 cancer cases among both fire and EMS personnel , according to FDNY , which keeps a separate database for its members . CNN 's Jen Christensen contributed to this reort .	All three firefighters responded to the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 They all died of illnesses related to their time working at the site , officials say Hundreds of firefighters and ambulance workers suffer from respiratory illnesses
Washington  CNN  -- A woman on the wrong end of a love triangle received a measure of support from the Supreme Court on Tuesday in an unusual case involving a domestic dispute , global agreements and local sovereignty . At issue is whether Congress may criminalize conduct -- under its treaty ratification power -- that is otherwise the domain of the states . Carol Anne Bond was given a long prison sentence in the federal system after being convicted of violating an international agreement on the use of chemical weapons . She would have gotten a much shorter sentence under state law . The case of toxic love has soap-opera elements , but Bond 's lawyers argued she was being treated like a foreign terrorist instead of someone caught up in a domestic dispute . Beyond this fact-specific dispute , the case touches on larger concerns about the strength and purpose of the Constitution 's 10th Amendment , designed to preserve state power . It is also a question roiling the current political debate , especially among tea party conservatives in this post-9 / 11 , security-conscious environment . The justices are using this case to explore the limits of congressional and presidential authority , with timely , far-reaching implications . "  It would be deeply ironic that we have expended so much energy criticizing Syria , " for its government 's alleged use of chemical weapons in an ongoing civil war , said Justice Sonia Sotomayor , "  when if this court were now to declare that our joining or creating legislation to implement the treaty was unconstitutional . We 're putting aside the impact that we could have on foreign relations . " Professor accused of poisoning wife "  I just would like a fairly precise answer whether there are or are not limitations on what Congress can do with respect to the police power , " Chief Justice John Roberts asked of the Obama administration 's top lawyer . "  If their authority is asserted under a treaty , is their power to intrude upon the police power unlimited ? " Bond , a native of Barbados , lived outside Philadelphia and worked as a microbiologist . As a federal appeals court succinctly summarized the relevant facts in the case : "  Bond was excited when her closest friend , Myrlinda Haynes , announced she was pregnant . Bond 's excitement turned to rage when she learned that her husband , Clifford Bond , was the child 's father . She vowed revenge . " The woman , known to her family as Betty , struck back by stealing dangerous a chemical -- arsenic-based 10-chloro-10H-phenoxarsine -- from her company . She also obtained potassium dichromate over the Internet . Both substances in heavy doses can cause toxic , even lethal harm with very little physical contact . The 42-year-old then tried to poison Haynes some two dozen times over several months , secretly sprinkling small amounts of the chemicals on an apartment doorknob , car door handles , and a mailbox . While suffering no more than a chemical burn on her thumb , Haynes grew suspicious -- one of the chemicals was a bright orange powder . After getting little help from local police , in 2007 she called postal inspectors , who set up surveillance cameras . Bond was videotaped stealing mail and placing chemicals inside the mailbox and a car muffler , court records show . She was soon arrested . Bond admitted her guilt early on and claimed she never meant to kill Haynes , but only wanted to cause her "  an uncomfortable rash . " The defendant also said her friend 's betrayal caused an "  emotional breakdown " that made her respond in such a shocking fashion . Instead of being charged with simple assault , which may have gotten her six months to a year or two in state prison , Bond was indicted in federal court on two counts of mail fraud and -- the bombshell -- two counts of violating a federal law and international treaty on the possession and use of "  chemical weapons . " When a judge denied her motions to transfer the case to state court , Bond pleaded guilty and immediately appealed . She received a sentence of six years behind bars and nearly $ 12,000 in fines and restitution . She was released in August 2012 . Did Utah doctor kill his wife ? During Tuesday 's lively hour of arguments , Bond 's lawyer , Paul Clement , called the Chemical Weapons Convention Implementation Act an "  odd statute " that clearly exceeds congressional authority . He said the treaty was designed to deal with "  warlike " behavior , not "  ordinary " poisoning cases . "  I do n't think that nation-states poison romantic rivals , attempt to commit suicide , or try to get rodents out of their houses " using chemicals that might have everyday non-criminal uses , he said , like vinegar . Justice Elena Kagan was unconvinced . "  You are imagining a world in which judges day-to-day try to get inside the head of treaty makers , " where judges might say : "  We understand that there 's a national interest in regulating sarin gas , but we do n't think that there 's a sufficient interest in regulating some other chemical down the line . It seems to me a completely indeterminate test " for judges to delineate "  what is in the national and international interest . " Solicitor General Donald Verrilli agreed , defending the treaty and law by saying , "  There ca n't be a ` too local ' exception to the treaty power . " The Justice Department says federal law broadly prohibits a person from knowingly using a chemical weapon in a way that can "  cause death , temporary incapacitation , or permanent harm " to another person , which prosecutors said Bond admittedly did . Verrilli dismissed a "  parade of horribles " -- hypothetical suggestions that a sweeping treaty could be authorized giving the federal government complete police power over the states . "  It seems unimaginable that a convention of that kind would be ratified by two-thirds of the Senate , which it would have to be , " he said . "  It also seems unimaginable that you would bring this prosecution , " against Bond , said Justice Anthony Kennedy . "  But let 's leave it at that . " The remark brought laughter in the courtroom , but Kennedy clearly was not joking . Test your knowledge of the U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia used the issue to delve into another controversial issue . "  Let 's assume that an international treaty is approved by two-thirds of the Senate and the President , which requires states to approve same-sex marriage . All right ? " he said . "  Now , if that were a self-executing treaty , same sex marriage would have to be approved by every state . If it is not self-executing , however , it will be up to Congress to produce that result , and Congress would do it by having a federal marriage law . " The conservative Scalia said to do so would be "  dragging the Congress into areas where it has never been before . " "  If you told ordinary people that you were going to prosecute Ms. Bond for using a chemical weapon , they would be flabbergasted , " said Justice Samuel Alito . "  This statute has an enormous breadth -- anything that can cause death or injury to a person or an animal . Would it shock you if I told you that a few days ago my wife and I distributed toxic chemicals to a great number of children ? On Halloween we gave them chocolate bars . Chocolate is poison to dogs , so it 's a toxic chemical under the chemical weapons convention . " Again there was audience laughter , but no smiles from the bench . Justice Stephen Breyer also worried about the scope of federal power . "  In principle your position constitutionally would allow the President and the Senate , not the House , to do anything through a treaty that is not specifically within the prohibitions of the rights protections of the Constitution , " he told Verrilli , citing a 1920 high court precedent giving Congress the power to enact treaties , even if it steps outside its traditional constitutional authority by usurping state laws . "  And I doubt that in that document the Framers  of the Constitution  intended to allow the President and the Senate to do anything . " "  I am worried about that and I think others are , too , " the left-leaning Breyer added . Among those attending the arguments was former Justice Sandra Day O'Connor . Justices prepare for hot-button cases - and hot internal rhetoric There are about a thousand treaties signed by the United States currently on the books . Many academics and lawmakers hope the majority right-leaning bench will use this opportunity to delve further into the scope of the 10th Amendment , which states , "  The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . " In the broader political context , a bipartisan sphere of Americans worry the federal government and Congress have been overly aggressive in staking claims to disputes they believe are best left to states , especially in the criminal arena . And it is not just felonies . Areas like gun ownership , zoning laws , environmental regulations , taxation , health care , and education standards all could be re-examined in the wake of this high court decision . Some of Bond 's supporters argue that some federal prosecutions are novel and the penalties are often more harsh , creating conflict and confusion with local efforts to ensure public safety . They see Bond as an unexpected hero in the fight to return "  the power back to the people . " "  The proposition that the Treaty Clause is a trump card that defeats all of the remaining structural limitations on the federal government is not a proposition that is logically defensible . " Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , said last week . Bond had won an earlier Supreme Court appeal , with a unanimous ruling she had "  standing , " or legal authority , to pursue her claims in the courts . That allowed her to continue trying to have her federal conviction tossed out , which is the current issue before the justices . Her lawyers say she had been trying in recent years to repair her shaken marriage , and has come to terms with her husband 's betrayal . The case is Bond v. U.S.  12-158  . A ruling is expected by the spring .	Carol Anne Bond is challenging her conviction on a federal chemical weapon charge She used poisons to try to get back at a woman who had an affair with Bond 's husband She received a measure of support from the Supreme Court during oral arguments Tuesday The case touches on the conflict between federal and state powers in the 10th Amendment
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Seven people were killed in a series of clashes between police and suspected Kurdish militants in southeastern Turkey that sent guests at a wedding party scrambling for cover , an official said Monday . The fighting started Sunday night when suspected militants attacked four locations in the town of Semdinli , an official from the governor 's office in Hakkari province told CNN . The attacks targeted the local police and military headquarters , a mountain commando unit and residences of military personnel , said the official , who asked to remain anonymous because he was not authorized to speak with the media . A wedding celebration nearby was caught in the crossfire . As heavy gunfire and explosions rang out , guests cried and screamed , a video from Dogan News Agency shows . Women and children in colorful dresses ran away from the dance floor , scrambling to take cover . The bride and groom also fled . Some wedding guests were wounded , the official from the governor 's office said . One soldier , one police officer , three civilians and two suspected militants were killed during the clashes , the official said . Six security forces and six civilians were injured during the firefight , he said . The bloody , 26-year war between guerrilla fighters from the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  and the Turkish state has escalated over the last month . The Kurdish separatist movement has claimed responsibility for a series of deadly attacks throughout the summer that have claimed the lives of more than a dozen Turkish soldiers . In August , the Turkish military retaliated , launching a wave of airstrikes and artillery barrages across the border against suspected PKK camps in the mountains of northern Iraq . The Turkish armed forces claimed to have killed more than 100 rebels in the cross-border attacks . Turkey has been fighting against the PKK since 1984 . More than 30,000 people , mostly ethnic Kurds , have been killed in the conflict .	A video shows a wedding celebration caught in the crossfire 1 soldier , 1 police officer , 2 suspected militants and 3 civilians are killed , an official says Official : The fighting started when suspected militants attack four locations The clashes come as fighting between Kurdish militants and the Turkish state escalates
The Obama administration is promising a much smoother ride on HealthCare.gov come Saturday , but insurers worry that behind-the-scenes glitches will keep consumers from enrolling in the health insurance plans they want . Insurance industry insiders tell CNN that when some people sign up for coverage through the website , their personal data is not being properly transmitted to the insurance companies of their choosing . Insurers are still getting inaccurate and duplicative data . And that 's even if it makes it to them at all . So how do insurers know they are n't getting the information ? Customers who signed up for coverage are calling the companies with questions and finding they are n't in their systems . And insurers have been testing the site , submitting John Doe records and not seeing them come out the other end , an industry official said . "  There 's no part of us that thinks all of this will be fixed in three days from now , " the industry official said , referring to the administration 's self-imposed Saturday deadline to make the site work for a "  vast majority " of users . Another insurance industry insider was more blunt , saying : "  It 's still all jacked up . " Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for the insurance trade group America 's Health Insurance Plans , was more circumspect . "  There is still a lot of work to be done to make sure that enrollments can be done and processed accurately , " he said . If the problems are n't fixed , insurers fear a worst-case scenario where consumers sign up for insurance through the website and think they 're enrolled , only to find out at the doctor 's office that they do n't have any coverage . White House : Enroll in Obamacare , but not too fast Insures are warily watching to see how the administration talks about the site following this Saturday 's deadline to improve it . "  If they come out and claim victory over the weekend , it 's just not true , " the industry insider said . "  The question is , can you guarantee that someone who 's gone through this process and signed up will have coverage January 1 ? As of today , the honest answer would be no . " The administration said it has made good progress on a fix to the federal online portal for consumers to purchase coverage under the Affordable Care Act following its rocky -- and politically charged -- rollout in October . Supreme Court to take up Obamacare contraception case Consumers who pick a plan by December 23 and pay their premium by December 31 will have coverage effective January 1 , said Aaron Albright , a spokesman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , a key player working to repair the site . "  When a consumer selects a plan and enrolls in marketplace coverage , an orange message is clearly displayed letting them know that they must make payment to be covered . A consumer will receive contact from their issuer about how to make payment . If they do not receive that notice , and are uncertain if their enrollment has been processed , they should contact the issuer , " he said . One insurance executive said the industry is raising its voice now about the problems because officials are trying to set low expectations and avoid blame should problems persist beyond Saturday . "  The insurance industry , of which I 'm a part and can say this pretty confidently , the insurance industry is making it worse than it is , " the executive said . "  But it 's still a problem . " Sebelius : Obamacare website improvements ` on track '	Insurers worry glitches will keep consumers from buying insurance Personal data is not always making it to insurers The Obama administration says it 's making progress on a fix to HealthCare.gov It says the site , which had a rocky rollout , should be working more smoothly by the weekend
CNN  -- A reported tornado briefly touched down Friday afternoon in northern Alabama , causing damage and scares days after twisters proved deadly in Texas . The twister was part of a severe thunderstorm that rolled through the Southeast , prompting tornado warnings Friday afternoon . Law enforcement officials reported a funnel cloud -- indicative of a tornado -- at 2:15 p.m.  3:15 p.m. ET  , the National Weather Service noted . The same agency later noted there had been a "  brief touchdown " of a tornado . A couple of homes in Athens -- a community of about 22,000 people some 20 miles west of Huntsville -- suffered minor damage as the storm rolled through , said Rita White , spokeswoman for Limestone County 's emergency management agency . Strong winds knocked down trees and power lines , she added . This severe weather struck two days after at least 16 tornadoes , according to the National Weather Service , ripped through parts of central Texas . Six people died . The same storm system produced a tornado Thursday in Waskom , Texas , which is along that state 's border with Louisiana . The National Weather Service rated that twister as an EF1 -- on the enhanced Fujita tornado damage scale that runs from zero to five , which is the strongest -- meaning it contained winds blowing at about 100 mph . ' I thought that lady was gon na die in my truck ' CNN 's Todd Borek contributed to this report .	NEW : A tornado that hit on the Texas/Louisiana border Thursday was an EF1 National Weather Service reports a "  brief touchdown " of a tornado in Alabama The storm causes minor damage in Athens , county official says At least 16 tornadoes ripped through Texas on Wednesday , contributing to 6 deaths
CNN  -- Before he was Pope Benedict XVI , before he earned the nickname "  Cardinal No " as the enforcer of church doctrine , he was Joseph Ratzinger -- the son of Maria and police officer Joseph Ratzinger , learning about life and God in Germany between two world wars . According to Roman Catholic doctrine , Benedict is not only the church 's leader but God 's representative on earth and infallible . He is also a man -- one who savors his meat and potatoes , an accomplished pianist who loves Mozart , and a teacher who for years commanded university classes . His humanity became apparent Monday , when the Vatican announced he 'd resign at month 's end "  because of advanced age , " becoming the first pope in nearly 600 years to do so . After his birth on April 16 , 1927 , in Marktl am Inn , in southeastern Germany near the Austrian border , Ratzinger 's early years were defined by his country and the turbulent times , as well as his faith . Adolf Hitler rose to power during Ratzinger 's adolescent years in Traunstein , in the heavily Catholic region of Bavaria . When he was 14 , school officials followed Nazi officials ' orders and enrolled him and the rest of his class in the Hitler Youth movement -- against his will , Ratzinger wrote in his memoir . He left the organization shortly thereafter , because he was studying for the priesthood . But in 1943 , Ratzinger was brought back into the Nazi fold upon being drafted into the German army . For the next two years , Ratzinger served his country as part of an anti-aircraft unit . But in the waning days of World War II , he deserted -- and was taken prisoner by the U.S. Army . According to CNN Senior Vatican Analyst John Allen , Ratzinger 's family was strongly , if quietly , anti-Nazi and his father took a series of less significant jobs to steer clear from what was happening under Hitler . In June 1945 , Ratzinger was released from a POW camp . Hitching a ride on a milk truck , he headed home . And life began anew . Opinion : Why pope will be remembered for generations The soldier became a scholar , studying philosophy and theology at the University of Munich and another school in Freising between 1946 and 1951 . Two years later , he earned a doctorate in theology , after submitting a thesis titled , "  The People and House of God in St. Augustine 's Doctrine of the Church . " Eventually , he became a professor -- teaching dogma and fundamental theology at four German universities . In 1969 , for instance , he was appointed vice president and professor of theology at the University of Regensburg in Germany . "  Books are his best friends , " Allen said . All the while , he grew more ingrained in the Roman Catholic Church and its hierarchy . In 1962 , 11 years after his ordination as a priest , the then-35-year-old was a consultant during Vatican II to Cardinal Josef Frings , a reformer who was archbishop of Cologne , Germany . As a young priest , Ratzinger was on the progressive side of theological debates . But he began to shift right after student revolutions of 1968 , according to Allen , also a correspondent with the National Catholic Reporter . In fact , it was Ratzinger 's conservative defense of strict doctrines that defined him in many people 's eyes -- until he became pope . A defender of church doctrine and a ` simple , humble worker ' In the late 1970s and 1980s , Ratzinger shot up the church 's ranks . In spring 1977 , he was named archbishop of Munich and Freising . A few months later , Pope Paul VI appointed him cardinal . One of his most significant steps up came in 1981 when he took over as head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith , the Vatican office that oversees "  the doctrine on the faith and morals throughout the Catholic world , " according to the Vatican . Ratzinger became known as "  Cardinal No " stemming from his efforts to crack down on the liberation theology movement , religious pluralism , challenges to traditional teachings on issues such as homosexuality , and calls to ordain women as priests . Liberation theology combined Christian theology with political activism on issues like human rights and social justice . While partially compatible with Catholic social teachings , it was rejected by the Vatican , which objected to the mixing of church theology with Marxist ideas such as class struggle . "  It  was  his job to police the doctrinal boundaries of the Roman Catholic Church , and inevitably when you do that , there are going to be hurt feelings by people who find themselves on the wrong side of those lines , " said Allen , the author of "  Cardinal Ratzinger : The Vatican 's Enforcer of the Faith . " Over subsequent years , he made news when , for instance , he labeled homosexuality "  an intrinsic moral evil " and called the Soviet Union and its communist satellite nations "  a shame of our time . " In the 1990s , Ratzinger openly challenged a fellow German cardinal who had encouraged divorced and civilly remarried Catholics to return to the sacraments . Ratzinger also argued Muslim Turkey did not belong in Christian Europe and issued a document saying that Catholicism was the only true religion -- questioning the validity of other religions , even Christian ones , even as his Pope John Paul II was trying to reach out to other faiths . Although objections came from some of his fellow cardinals , the pope did not restrain Ratzinger , in part because their friendship went back four decades , to the time when the two were young priests at the Vatican II meetings in Rome . The Pope 's resignation explained That bond persevered until John Paul 's death in 2005 , by which time Ratzinger was dean of the College of Cardinals -- the high-level group that advises the pope and , when called upon , picks a new pontiff . In April 2005 , they picked him , then 78 years old . Now called Benedict , his reputation was seen as more subdued than his predecessor . He traveled extensively , if not at John Paul 's pace . His words carried special weight , as in 2006 , when he quoted from 14th-century Byzantine emperor Manuel II Paleologus saying the Muslim Prophet Mohammed had only brought into the world "  things only evil and inhuman . " The remarks set off protests by Muslims worldwide , and Benedict apologized for any offense taken by Muslims . For some , the defining element of his papacy was the sex abuse scandal , with the church being accused of not doing enough to deal with reports of abuse by priests over decades , and on multiple continents . Two years after acknowledging "  shame " over the "  evils " of abuse , Benedict issued a statement in 2010 saying the church had not been vigilant or fast enough in responding to the problem -- one of the most forthright admissions to date , though it still did not placate some who criticized then-Cardinal Ratzinger for not cracking down sufficiently . Such missives demonstrated his power , in the church and on the world stage . But for all the headlines he generated , Benedict -- as he did in his first blessing after being elected pope -- insisted he was merely "  a simple , humble worker in God 's vineyard . " "  I am consoled by the fact that the Lord knows how to work and how to act , even with insufficient tools , " he said then , "  and I especially trust in your prayers . "	The son of a police officer , Joseph Ratzinger was born in southeastern Germany in 1927 He was briefly in the Hitler Youth and Nazi army , though he eventually deserted He was a theology professor who also rose up the Roman Catholic Church ranks Some called him "  Cardinal No " for his strict enforcement of doctrine before becoming pope
CNN  -- British actors David Bradley and Mark Gatiss arrived at the party of film "  The World 's End " together last night at Comic-Con to discuss their upcoming BBC film "  An Adventure In Space and Time . " But the pair also have another project in common now . Bradley , who plays Walder Frey on "  Game of Thrones , " can now cite Gatiss as one of his fellow cast members on the show . Gatiss was recently announced to be joining the hit HBO series , but his role remains something of a surprise . "  I 'm not allowed to tell you , " Gatiss said . "  I 've done my filming . I 'm glad I did n't tell anyone before this since it 's a big secret . The announcement of  my casting  was obviously timed for Comic-Con and I 'm rather overwhelmed with the reaction , honestly . It 's a great show with so many brilliant people in it . " Gatiss ' time on set was short , but that does n't necessarily indicate anything about the size of his role . "  What 's interesting is that it 's such a huge , sprawling cast and people seem to be there for ages , but they actually shoot two or three days and that 's it , " he said . "  Once it 's put together it looks like everybody must be there for weeks and weeks and weeks . " For Bradley , the past season of "  Game of Thrones " was the most exciting for him . His character 's central role in the infamous "  Red Wedding " scene depicted in the penultimate episode "  The Rains of Castamere , " and has drawn an intense fan reaction due to the bloody death of several characters . But Bradley relates more his own character than those the fans have connected with . "  I felt intense pleasure  killing them  , which was alarming , " Bradley said of watching the episode . "  I 'd do it all again if I had the chance . They got what was going to them ! " Share your mini-interviews from Comic-Con Bradley , who said he has n't read George R.R. Martin 's books that the show is based on , is filming the upcoming episodes , but he 's uncertain of Walder Frey 's fate beyond that . "  I do n't know what the future is on ` Game of Thrones , ' " Bradley said . "  I was on Season 1 and I 'm just finishing Season 3 and I 'm moving on to Season 4 now , but whether I 'll be thereabouts  going forward  I just do n't know . It would be nice , but I just do n't know yet . " Gatiss , best known for his role of Mycroft Holmes on BBC 's "  Sherlock "  he is also one of the creators  , noted that he 's prepared for the fan obsession that accompanies being on a TV show like "  Game of Thrones . " "  My life is entirely composed of fan obsession -- so this is just another one to add to it , " Gatiss said . "  It 's all a Venn diagram . "	"  Thrones " actor David Bradley enjoyed his murderous role in the Red Wedding "  Sherlock " actor Mark Gatiss just announced as new "  Game of Thrones " cast member Gatiss is not allowed to reveal anything about his character
Tatyana McFadden is a force to be reckoned with . Twenty-four years ago , she was born in St. Petersburg , Russia , with an open spinal column , a condition known as spina bifida . Normally , babies with spina bifida are operated on immediately after birth to minimize permanent nerve damage . Tatyana had to wait 21 days . Her legs never worked and being an unwanted , disabled child , she spent the first six years of her life in an orphanage that was so poor it could n't afford a wheelchair for her . That did n't slow her down -- she walked on her hands . In 1994 , a chance visit to the orphanage by a U.S. government official brought Tatyana and Deborah McFadden together . The girl immediately sensed this would be her mother . Once she arrived in the United States , Tatyana received much needed medical care and began to flourish . She went from being the youngest member of the U.S. Summer Paralympic Team to 15-time World Championship medalist  including 11 gold medals  , a 10-time Olympic medalist in wheelchair racing , and a gold medal winner in London two years ago . Late last year , McFadden , whose nickname is "  Beast , " decided to try paralympic cross-country skiing because she wanted to come back to the country she was born in , compete in Sochi and show all of those left behind at the orphanage never to give up and that disabled people "  can also lead a normal life . " Q : Why did you decide take up cross-country skiing ? A : I 'm really looking forward to going back to Russia and to compete for my country , the United States . It 's good to go back and show that athletes with disabilities can still live a normal life and that you just have to give those people opportunity . And especially being adopted , and happen to be adopted by an American family ... they 're the ones who gave me that love and support to inspire my dreams . So I think it 's about showing that and just having fun . I 'm really excited to compete . I 'll be doing the sprint , the 5K and the 10K plus the biathlon . It 's going to be extremely tough , cold , of course . But I 'm really excited for the transition . The coaches have been very supportive and really understanding and have a lot of patience for me , because I 've been spending a lot of time looking at the snow instead of actually skiing , but the transition has been so much fun . My goal is to make the finals and see where that goes , and then after that I 'm back to training for Rio  the 2016 Summer Paralympics  ... So , lots of training all the time , but I love it . Sports is definitely my passion . Q : What 's the thing you want people to take away most from hearing your story ? A : That there are no limits to what you can achieve if you put your mind to it ! Perseverance , dedication , courage are all critical ingredients for success in athletics and success in life . Q : What 's one thing you 'd want to share above all else ? A : Do n't put limits on your dreams . If you want it bad enough , you must try , and if you miss the first time , you must try again . Do n't let others tell you that your dreams are too big -- or you ambitions impractical . We all must learn to listen to that drive that is within us . If we all listen carefully to that drive within , there are no limits to what we can achieve in life . Q : What was your biggest lesson ? A : When I was competing in the Paralympics in Beijing  2008  , everyone expected that I would get the gold medal in the 100-meter sprint -- the first of my races . I came in sixth -- and I was devastated . I was in tears and thought I had failed in the eyes of all those who supported me , including my family . My mom gave me her "  signature pep talk " and sent me back to the track to continue competing ... and I came away with three silver medals and a bronze medal . What I learned was that your family , your friends , your supporters will always love you as long as you do your best and keep on trying . Q : What made you proudest ? Or what 's been your hardest thing ? A : What was both the hardest ... and the proudest thing that I have done was making the decision to file suit against in Howard County , Maryland , for the right to race alongside able-bodied runners on my high school track team . We achieved victory in Howard County -- creating a new law that has been embraced nationwide -- forever changing the face of high school athletics . Q : What 's something you 'd change if you could ? A : Most people think that I would "  take away my disability " if I could . But that is n't true . I have lived a wonderful life -- and I do not , in any way at any time , consider myself disabled . We are all born with many gifts ... and the list of gifts that I have been given is endless . If I could change anything , I would make this a world where all children have loving parents  birth parents or adoptive parents  and are able to grow up surrounded by the love and care that can only come from a family . Q : What 's the thing you rarely have time to share when you 're telling your story but that you feel is important ? A : I rarely have a chance to talk about how grateful I am to my family and friends for their unending support -- and to my coaches , particularly Adam Bleakney at the University of Illinois , who thought it would be good idea to "  try a marathon . " I am fueled by the support of those closest to me -- and I can never thank them enough for all they have done to make my life 's journey possible .	Tatyana McFadden spent her first six years in a Russian orphanage She was born with spina bifida , and her legs have never worked She is a 10-time Olympic medalist in wheelchair racing
Wallpaper *  -- It may be tough to teach old dogs new tricks , but perhaps they can learn to live in new houses . Japanese graphic designer and curator Kenya Hara has made it his mission to find out . Debuting at Design Miami in early December , in collaboration with a star-studded cast of designers and architects from America , Europe and Japan , this online venture supplies free blueprints for 13 different DIY doghouses , each one earmarked for a particular breed . Hara hopes that pet enthusiasts everywhere will build them and that their photos will go viral and kickstart an online architectural discourse about the designs when the website launches this month . Hara has been mulling over the idea of designer doghouses for around 15 years , and the project finally caught the attention of American investors at Imprint Venture Lab . Hara knew the pet-related theme would be popular , he said , ' I have the impression that the whole world is interested in babies and dogs . ' Building on the "  man 's best friend " bond , he started by matching designers to dogs , choosing only small breeds that like to live inside . Some are random pairings , such as the Dachshund with architects Atelier Bow-Wow and the Toy Poodle with product designer Konstantin Grcic , but others are special requests , like architect Toyo Ito who wanted to build for his own Shiba , and Kengo Kuma who was keen to make a new home for a client 's Pug . Because conversation with their canine clients could be a bit one-sided , Hara provided each designer with a dossier of information covering the physical characteristics , temperament and health concerns of their breed . Human needs were considered in the brief , too , which stipulated that the doghouses should be easy for anyone to assemble with ordinary household tools and materials . More from Wallpaper * : Brasilia in pictures - 50 great buildings Leading the pack , Hara launched the project by designing two doghouses of his own : a hard , paper cone suspended from the ceiling for a Japanese Terrier and a plywood contraption for a Teacup Poodle . Intended to improve contact between pooch and person , the poodle 's structure consists of a 70cm-high , wedge-shaped wooden tunnel enclosing a puppy-sized run of stairs . They lead up to a platform at chair height where the dog can recline while gazing adoringly at their owner . "  Putting a dog on the table is not so good , " says Hara . "  Yet the floor is a little too far away . " Located between these two extremes , Hara 's proposal may have conceptual merit . But it took lots of Liver Snaps to coax a live Poodle up the stairs . This reaction is not much of a surprise since the actual dogs did not participate much during the design phase . And when they did , many were more challenging than human clients . Architect Sou Fujimoto 's subject , a Boston Terrier rented at a Tokyo dog park , refused to even go inside the prototype . Scrapping that sphere-shaped model , Fujimoto devised an open-frame structure instead , reminiscent of his House NA . Most designers started by presenting a conceptual sketch to Hara and his staff who then investigated ways to realize the projects . "  Architects are very busy so we tried to provide ideas for materials and construction methods , " explains Hara . Like a fast-paced game of fetch , ideas moved back and forth between the designers and team Hara . Sometimes it took four or five months to develop a realistic solution -- more time than required for many full-fledged buildings . And even then certain proposals , such as Toyo Ito 's inflatable , vinyl roof worn on the dog 's back , still proved unbuildable . Read related : Fun gifts to spoil your pet this Christmas Others , however , like architect Kazuyo Sejima 's home for a Bichon Frise , met with more success . The Pritzker-prize winner had little time to spare , but knew that she wanted to create something fluffy for her assistant 's fuzzy white pup . Running with her idea , Hara 's group began exploring soft materials and ways to support them . In due course , all agreed on a curved wooden frame enrobed by a hand-knitted cover . Though it bears little resemblance to the minimalist , glass buildings that have made Sejima famous , her doghouse got a warm reception from its canine resident who crawled inside and took an immediate liking to the soft , protective shell . The Tokyo architecture firm Torafu also sincerely considered the needs of its Jack Russell Terrier , creating an easy-to-build , simple structure that recycles old clothes . Resembling a hammock , it consists of a wooden frame that supports an old T-shirt , preferably one well worn by the dog 's owner . "  The smell of the owner is very , very important for a dog , " says Hara . ' "  t makes the dog feel safe and want to be here . " But a pooch 's response is only one measure of success . "  Architecture for Dogs is not a pet 's project , " explains Hara . "  It is a project for architects . " For that reason , he engaged Yugo Nakamura , one of Japan 's leading web designers , to create the interactive , trilingual website where participants can download drawings and view instructional videos , as well as upload photos of their newly built pet palaces , showcasing customizations and material substitutions . "  One idea can create lots of architecture around the world , " says Hara . And potentially turn Architecture for Dogs into a catalyst for architectural invention . For more on architecture , visit wallpaper.com . © 2012 wallpaper.com . All rights reserved .	Japanese designer Kenya Hara has created stylish dog kennels Architecture for Dogs will supply free blueprints for 13 different DIY doghouses Hara has been mulling over the idea of designer doghouses for 15 years Hara hopes to turn the venture into a catalyst for architectural invention
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Fighting continued Wednesday into Thursday between government forces and tribesmen in Yemen 's capital , as Sanaa residents reported hearing explosions near the presidential palace , a government source said . "  The reason the street fighting in Sanaa has gotten a lot more intense in the past several hours is because special forces are now involved , " said the source , who asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the news media . "  The special forces of the Republican Guard , the elite units , got involved on Wednesday . They 're being used because the government wants to minimize collateral damage and the special forces have particular training in clearing fighters from buildings . " Sanaa is , by most accounts , the most secure city in Yemen , which has a weak central government and contains vast stretches where tribal law reigns supreme . The intensity of the fighting in the capital , where most of Yemen 's security forces and army units are based , has increased fears that the country is on the verge of civil war . The impoverished , arid and mountainous nation has been a key U.S. ally in the battle against the al Qaeda terrorist network . The government official expressed frustration that international mediation was no longer being attempted in Yemen . "  Where are the Gulf countries ? Where are the mediators ? Where are our international friends ? Someone needs to step in . It seems like people are just kind of giving up and I 'm not sure why . What 's troubling is that this kind of fighting could go on for a long time in the country 's capital . " The official expressed concern over looting of government buildings during electricity outages , with hundreds of computers and furniture being taken from ministry buildings . CNN was not able to verify the government source 's report . Nor was it immediately able to reach a spokesman for the tribesmen . The fighting was occurring as residents of Sanaa reported early Thursday hearing heavy explosions , which had spread from the Hasaba district and were approaching the presidential palace , some eight kilometers  five miles  away . "  Strong explosions have been going on all night -- we 've been hearing them for hours in many different areas of Sanaa , " said one resident of the capital . "  The clashes are spreading and tonight have been much more intense than they have been the last few nights . " Yemen state television reported that an army general and a civilian were killed and 13 soldiers were wounded in clashes with supporters of the al-Ahmar family . They are members of the powerful Hashed tribe who rose up last month against President Ali Abdullah Saleh after the longtime leader backed out of a regionally brokered deal meant to ease him out of office and end months of demonstrations . "  The excessive use of force all day and night by the two fighting parties , the Army and the Al-Ahmar tribe , on many residential areas of Sanaa is causing great human and capital loss , " said Amal Basha , a rights activist in Sanaa . State television , citing a security source , said al-Ahmar supporters were bombing governrment installations and institutions in the Sanaa neighborhood of Hasba . Ibrahim Mothana told CNN he was hiding in his house near the palace after hearing continuous machine-gun firing . Journalist Raja Althaibani said residents in her Sanaa neighborhood were carrying weapons and the explosions were intensifying . "  It is n't even because the explosions are loud , it 's that they sound heavy and powerful -- giant thuds ! " she said . "  I can feel it in my bones . " Information was difficult to get out of the country , which has blocked access by CNN journalists . Thursday 's unrest came more than a day after four missiles struck a compound where generals who had defected from the Yemeni regime were meeting , a spokesman for the defected generals said Wednesday . The spokesman , Askar Zuail , said there were no casualties as a result of the Tuesday night assault , which he blamed on Saleh 's regime . But government spokesman Abdu Ganady on Tuesday denied the claim to Al Jazeera . A senior defense ministry official who did not want to be named for security reasons also denied the claim to CNN . The defected generals are running Sanaa 's largest military base . Despite such cracks in Saleh 's regime , the deadly unrest rages on . Fierce clashes erupted Wednesday between government security forces and Hashed tribesmen in front of the Ministry of Local Administration in Sanaa , witnesses said . The Hashed tribe has opposed government forces in intermittent fighting for more than a month . Fifteen tribesmen were killed and 31 wounded in clashes on Tuesday and Wednesday , said Abdul Qawi Qaisi , spokesman for the head of the Hashed tribe . On Tuesday , clashes between Yemeni security forces and tribal groups left at least five tribesmen dead while a leading tribe seized more government buildings in Sanaa , according to a spokesman for the leader of the Hashed faction . In the southern city of Taiz , a center of protests against Saleh , three people were killed and at least 26 were wounded by gunfire on Tuesday , said Yasser Nomeree , a hospital staffer , and Bushra Maktari , a youth leader . The Organizing Committee of the Youth Revolution said members of the Yemen Army 's Republican Guards shot at demonstrators in downtown Taiz . In a written statement Tuesday , the United Nations said at least 100 people had been arrested in Taiz , while hundreds more had been wounded nationwide in recent fighting , according to a U.N. statement Tuesday . "  Saleh does not want peace , " said the spokesman for the head of the Hashed tribe . "  Saleh thrives with blood being spilt . They attacked us and we had to defend . " Government spokesman Tarek Shami said mediation efforts meant to stem the violence between the country 's tribal groups and Saleh 's government ended Saturday without a peace accord because Hashed tribesmen would not negotiate . "  They occupy ministries and police stations . They walk armed in the streets of Sanaa . They spread fear amongst the people , " Shami said . "  The tribes are attacking homes of civilians ; that is why the cease-fire can not continue . " Catherine Ashton , foreign policy chief of the European Union , denounced the attacks in Taiz . "  I am shocked and condemn in the strongest terms the use of force and live ammunition against peaceful protesters in the city of Taiz , " Ashton said in a statement Tuesday . "  The continued repression by the Yemeni regime and grave violations of human rights and international humanitarian law can not be accepted . " The U.S. Embassy in Sanaa has condemned what it called the "  unprovoked and unjustified attack " on demonstrators in Taiz . It praised the protesters and called on Saleh "  to move immediately on his commitment to transfer power . " CNN 's Jack Maddox contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Where are the mediators ? " one government official asks "  Strong explosions have been going on all night , " says one Sanaa resident Yemen state TV reported that an army general and a civilian were killed Defected generals are running the largest military base in Sanaa
CNN  -- Suicide bombers are responsible for killing more than 12,000 Iraqi civilians and wounding more than 30,000 since the war began , according to study released by the British medical journal Lancet . The study found that 1,003 documented suicide bombings accounted for 12,284 of 108,624 Iraqi civilian deaths , 11 % of those killed between March 20 , 2003 , and December 31 , 2010 . It also found such attacks accounted for 30,644 -- or 26 % -- of the 117,165 documented cases of Iraqi civilians wounded within the same period . "  Suicide bombers in Iraq use suicide bombs strategically as cost-effective , precise , highly destructive weapons , " said the study , which was published Saturday . "  Our findings suggest that the Iraqi civilian population suffers a substantial public health burden because it is a primary chosen target of suicide bombers and those who deploy them . " The study analyzed and compared suicide bomb casualties using data compiled by Iraq Body Count , an independent public database that documents violent Iraqi deaths using hospital , morgue , nongovernmental organizations and official figures as well as media reports . "  Certainly , our findings for documented casualties do not represent total deaths or injuries , because not every death or injury is reported , or linked to a suicide bombing as a cause , " the study said . Getting an accurate picture of the Iraq war toll is difficult at best . The 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein saw the collapse of Iraq 's government , including the agencies responsible for documenting deaths . Additionally , insurgent violence made hand counts by health care workers and nongovernment organizations impossible . Iraq Body Count has been criticized by a number of people , including those who say its data is biased , undercounted or overcounted . Proponents of the organization 's data , which is published at iCasualties.org , say it is the most reliable tally of Iraqi deaths . The Lancet also faced criticism for publishing a study in 2006 that found 600,000 Iraqi civilians had been killed during the war . The authors ' findings were widely dismissed . The latest study , which was written by Madelyn Hsiao-Rei Hicks of King 's College of London , also documented the number of U.S.-led coalition forces killed in suicide bomb attacks . During the same period from 2003 to 2010 , 79 documented suicide bomb attacks were responsible for the deaths of 200 coalition troops , the study found . Of those troops killed , 176 were American , it said . The U.S. military said no American troops were killed in Iraq in August , marking the first month without a military casualty since the invasion . But for Iraqis , August was one of the more deadly months of the year . On August 15 , the country was struck by a barrage of suicide bombings , car bombs and gunfights that left 84 people dead and 200 wounded . Two weeks later , at least 28 people were killed in a suicide bombing at a Sunni mosque in western Baghdad , officials said .	NEW : Suicide bomb attacks continue in Iraq , while no U.S. fatalities reported in August NEW : The study finds 12,284 Iraqi civilians are killed by suicide bombers from 2003-2010 The Iraqis killed in suicide attacks account for 11 % of the war 's civilian fatalities Suicide bombers also kill 200 coalition troops , including 176 Americans , the study says
CNN  -- MotoGP leader Jorge Lorenzo hopes he can overturn Honda 's qualifying dominance for Saturday 's Assen TT race after setting the third fastest time behind Casey Stoner and Dani Pedrosa . The Spaniard holds a 25-point advantage over polesitter Stoner after winning the last three races in motorcycling 's elite class . World champion Stoner recovered from a morning crash to deny Honda Repsol teammate Pedrosa first place on the grid . "  I tried my best in the last lap of qualifying but I made a little mistake in the last chicane on braking and lost a few tenths , " 2010 world champion Lorenzo said on the MotoGP website . "  I was surprised at Casey 's last lap ; it was fantastic and so fast and Dani was also very close to him . We have a good position for tomorrow on the front row and we have a good race pace and I 'm confident with the bike so I 'm happy . "  Qualifying is one thing but the race is another , tire choice will be important for the race . " Stoner , who has announced he will retire at the end of this season , claimed his third pole position of 2012 . "  This morning was probably one of my biggest crashes , which is saying something ! The crash really knocked the wind out of me , I hurt my head , neck , wrist , knee and shoulder -- it was a bad one for sure , " he said . "  The team did a really great job , they kept their heads down even when I was n't riding to my full potential or the bike 's full potential and when we were struggling to get the rear tire to work , they did n't give up . "  Then when we came back onto the soft rear tire for the first time since FP1 , the bike had much more feeling and we were able to put together a fantastic lap and put it on pole . As far as race pace goes , we 're still struggling and we need to work on this and make some decisions before the race . " The 26-year-old Australian , who also won the world title in 2007 with Ducati , has triumphed in two of the six races so far and was second last time out in Britain . Pedrosa , who is third in the standings 39 points behind his compatriot Lorenzo , was edged out by just 0.115 seconds . Lorenzo 's teammate Ben Spies won the race last year , but will start sixth on the grid on Saturday . "  Qualifying was a frustrating experience . We tried a setting this morning and went backwards , so the first bit of qualifying we tried a modified setting from yesterday which again was n't working so well , " the American said . "  We went back to yesterday 's set up with a minor change but only got one lap in , which turned out to be my fastest lap . Unfortunately one of the CRT bikes got in the way on my qualifying lap . I know they are out there trying to do their thing as well so it 's difficult . " German rookie Stefan Bradl was fourth for LCR Honda in his best qualifying performance , while Britain 's Cal Crutchlow was fifth and his Yamaha Monster tech 3 teammate Andrea Dovizioso was seventh . Alvaro Bautista , who won his first pole at Silverstone this month , will start eighth ahead of Ducati 's former world champions Nicky Hayden and Valentino Rossi .	Casey Stoner wins pole position for Saturday 's MotoGP race in Netherlands World champion recovers from practice crash to head off teammate Dani Pedrosa Series leader Jorge Lorenzo rounds out front row after qualifying third on Friday His Yamaha teammate Ben Spies , last year 's race winner , is back in sixth
CNN  -- For the 13th year in a row , Jacob was the most popular name in 2011 for newborn boys in the United States , according to rankings released by the U.S. Social Security Administration . Among girls , Sophia rose from No. 2 in 2010 to claim the No. 1 spot from Isabella , pushing her down to No. 2 in 2011 , according to the annual top 10 list . Mason cracked the the top 10 for the first time in 2011 , bolstering the adage that the list reflects common names in pop culture . Mason , which held the No. 12 spot in 2010 , is the name TV personality Kourtney Kardashian gave her son in 2009 . Chloe -- the name of Kardashian 's younger sister , except spelled with a "  K " -- has been in the top 10 since 2008 . The name dropped from 9 in 2010 to 10 in 2011 . Jayden , the name of Britney Spears ' son , held on to the No. 4 spot for the second year in a row since making the top 10 in 2009 . Time will tell whether Maxwell , the unconventional name that Jessica Simpson gave her daughter , will climb the list from its current spot at No. 134 as a boy 's name . Names that buck convention : Advice for Jessica Simpson 's daughter And , of course , the names Bella  or Isabella  and Jacob , characters from the popular "  Twilight " series , held their ground . Isabella entered the top 10 in 2004 at No. 7 . Jacob entered the list at No. 9 in 1993 and began his winning streak in 1999 . Otherwise , the list contained most of the usual suspects , including William , Noah , Ethan , Emma , Olivia , Madison and Ava . The names to make the biggest gains from 2010 to 2011 were Brantley , perhaps popularized by a country singer , and Briella , as in the "  Jerseylicious " star , jumping 416 and 394 spots , respectively . That makes his name the 320th most popular and hers the 497th . In America : What does your name say about you ? Over the past 100 years , the names Michael and Mary have held the top spot most often : 44 times in both cases . The data come from Social Security card applications for births in the United States . The complete list : 1 . Jacob and Sophia 2 . Mason and Isabella 3 . William and Emma 4 . Jayden and Olivia 5 . Noah and Ava 6 . Michael and Emily 7 . Ethan and Abigail 8 . Alexander and Madison 9 . Aiden and Mia 10 . Daniel and Chloe Find out more at the U.S. Social Security Administration . Did your name or your child 's name make the list ? Share your story in the comments or tweet your thoughts to @CNNWriters .	Sophia steals No. 1 spot from Isabella ; Jacob earns No. 1 spot for 13th consecutive year Names like Isabella , Mason bolster adage that list reflects common names in pop culture Brantley and Briella make the biggest gains from 2010 to 2011 Data come from Social Security card applications for births in the United States in 2011
The moment 18-year-old Army Pvt. Tim Josephs arrived at Edgewood Arsenal in 1968 , he knew there was something different about the place . "  It just did not look like a military base , more like a hospital , " recalled Josephs , a Pittsburgh native . Josephs had volunteered for a two-month assignment at Edgewood , in Maryland , lured by three-day weekends closer to home . "  It was like a plum assignment , " Josephs said . "  The idea was they would test new Army field jackets , clothing , weapons and things of that nature , but no mention of drugs or chemicals . " But when he went to fill out paperwork the morning after his arrival , the base personnel were wearing white lab coats , and Josephs said he had second thoughts . An officer took him aside . "  He said , ` You volunteered for this . You 're going to do it . If you do n't , you 're going to jail . You 're going to Vietnam either way -- before or after , ' " Josephs said recently . From 1955 to 1975 , military researchers at Edgewood were using not only animals but human subjects to test a witches ' brew of drugs and chemicals . They ranged from potentially lethal nerve gases like VX and sarin to incapacitating agents like BZ . Read the secret  now unclassified  Army document revealing BZ tests on soldiers  PDF The military also tested tear gas , barbiturates , tranquilizers , narcotics and hallucinogens like LSD . Read the confidential  now unclassified  Army document uncovering LSD tests on volunteers  PDF This top secret Cold War research program initially looked for ways to defend against a chemical or biological attack by the Soviet Union , thought to be far ahead of the United States in "  psycho-chemical " warfare . But the research expanded into offensive chemical weapons , including one that could , according to one Army film obtained by CNN , deliver a "  veritable chemical ambush " against an enemy . "  This incapacitating agent would be dispersed by standard munitions , and the agent would enter the building through all nonprotected openings , " the film 's narrator boasts . President Nixon ended research into offensive chemical weapons in 1969 , and the military no longer uses human subjects in research on chemical agents , said a spokesman for Edgewood Chemical Biological Center , as the facility is known now . Tests began for Josephs almost as soon as he arrived at Edgewood for a two-month assignment on January 1 , 1968 . "  Sometimes it was an injection . Other times it was a pill , " Josephs told CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . Josephs said he did n't know what drugs he was getting . "  A lot of chemicals were referred to as agent one or agent two . " Some weeks , he would undergo one test ; other weeks , more , Josephs said . And when he questioned the staff about whether he was in any danger , they reassured him : "  There is nothing here that could ever harm you . " But Josephs , 63 , believes the chemical agents he received during his two-month stint at Edgewood did harm him , triggering health problems that continue to plague him four decades later . Even when he talks about Edgewood , he said , "  I get a tightness in my chest . " Parkinson 's symptoms Days before his Edgewood duty ended , in February 1968 , Josephs was hospitalized for days with Parkinson 's - like tremors , symptoms he said have followed him on and off throughout his adult life . From Edgewood , Josephs said he went to an Army installation in Georgia , where he experienced tremors so severe , he had to be admitted to the base hospital and given muscle relaxers . The Army then sent Josephs to Air Force bases in Thailand , in support of the war effort in Vietnam . He was told never to talk about his experiences at Edgewood and to forget about everything he ever did , said or heard at the Maryland base . Josephs left the service when his three-year tour ended , and he began a career as a real estate agent . He married Michelle , a nurse , in 1977 , but the couple decided not to have children , fearing his chemical exposure might somehow affect them . In his mid-50s , Josephs was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease , a progressive neurological condition that forced him to retire early . Medications cost $ 2,000 a month , which he was paying for out of pocket . Josephs applied for veterans benefits based on chemical exposure at Edgewood . Last year , the Department of Veterans Affairs granted him partial benefits for his Parkinson 's for Agent Orange exposure during his time in Thailand , giving Josephs 40 % disability . The letter granting him benefits made no mention of Edgewood . Josephs says he now takes two dozen pills daily . His symptoms vary from day to day . Sometimes , he has trouble swallowing . Other times , he experiences numbness in his joints or or tremors . He says he tires easily . He blames his time at Edgewood for all this , and he has joined a lawsuit on behalf of Edgewood veterans seeking medical benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs . Read the lawsuit complaint document  PDF Read about an Edgewood volunteer 's widow who blames the VA for his death Gordon Erspamer , lead attorney in the suit , has reviewed the partial Edgewood medical records that Josephs was able to obtain with the help of his wife . Erspamer said Josephs probably received an injection of sarin or another nerve gas , because the records show that he received the drug P2S on February 1 , 1968 , to treat "  organophosphate poisoning . " During experiments that began on February 19 , 1968 , Josephs experienced Parkinson 's - like tremors after receiving Prolixin , an antipsychotic medication , Erspamer said , prompting the Edgewood medical staff to give the young soldier Congentin and Artane , two drugs used to treat Parkinson 's symptoms . Erspamer said he sees a connection between Josephs ' Parkinson 's disease and the drugs he received at Edgewood . "  Those substances affect the same region of the brain , " Erspamer said . "  Tim clearly had adverse health effects because they gave him such high doses that he ranged from overdose with one substance to the antidote , back and forth , and he actually had to get ... a very powerful antipsychotic drug because , in the vernacular , he flipped out . " In addition to medical benefits , the lawsuit is asking that the Defense Department and Department of Veteran Affairs find all Edgewood veterans and provide them with details of the chemicals they received and their possible health effects . Erspamer said the government has reached very few of the 7,000 or so Edgewood veterans , and the VA has turned down almost all Edgewood-related health claims . Court documents show that the Veterans Benefits Administration rejected 84 of 86 health claims related to chemical or biological exposure . "  The whole thing stinks , and if the American people knew about it , they would not tolerate it . This kind of behavior toward our veterans would not be allowed to happen , " Erspamer said . Josephs has not received any health benefits related to his time as a human test subject at Edgewood . "  They 're hoping we die off , so you apply -LSB- for benefits -RSB- , you get turned down , " Josephs said . "  And it just goes on for years and years , and they just want to wear us down . They want to use young men as guinea pigs and throw them away . " The Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs declined face-to-face interviews with CNN , citing pending litigation . In a statement , the Defense Department said that it "  has made it a priority to identify all service members exposed to chemical and biological substances ... and the VA has contacted and offered free medical evaluations to thousands of veterans . " Josephs received his letter from the VA in 2008 , four decades after he arrived at the Maryland base . "  In order to best serve veterans and their families , VA continues to study the possibility of long-term health effects associated with in-service exposure to chemical and biological weapons , " the letter promised . At the Army 's request , The Institute of Medicine , an independent nonprofit organization that is the health arm of the National Academy of Sciences , produced a three-volume report in the 1980s on the long-term health of Edgewood veterans . The IOM decided in the end there was n't enough information to reach "  definitive conclusions . " Josephs enlisted in the military fresh out of high school -- at the height of the Vietnam War . "  I really felt a duty to my country to go and serve , " he said . "  Things were different back then . You believed in your government . And you just would n't think they would give you something that would harm you intentionally . "	Tim Josephs blames secret Army program for health issues , including Parkinson 's disease Facility tested potentially lethal gases , narcotics and LSD on animals and humans Cold War research initially aimed to defend against Soviet chemical or biological attack The VA has contacted and offered free medical evaluations to thousands of veterans
CNN  -- The defense in the war crimes trial of former Liberian President Charles Taylor filed an emergency motion to delay supermodel Naomi Campbell 's testimony against him , the court announced Monday . She is scheduled to take the stand against him at the Special Tribunal for Sierra Leone on Thursday . Prosecutors say Taylor gave her a diamond during the brutal war in Sierra Leone , contradicting Taylor 's testimony that he never handled the precious stones that fueled the conflict . The defense says it has n't seen a copy of her testimony , which interferes with Taylor 's right to a fair trial . Under tribunal rules , the defense team should get advance access to prosecution witness testimony so it can prepare its arguments . It asked the court to decide by Wednesday whether Campbell would testify Thursday , according to court papers . Campbell did not want to be involved in the trial but was subpoenaed on July 1 to appear at the tribunal for Taylor , who faces war crimes charges over a brutal conflict in Sierra Leone that was fueled by rough diamonds , also known as blood diamonds or conflict diamonds . Witnesses have said Taylor gave Campbell a diamond . Prosecutors had rested their case against Taylor in February 2009 . They asked to reopen it specifically to call Campbell , as well as actress Mia Farrow and a witness named Carole Taylor , court papers show . Prosecutors said they learned in June 2009 that Taylor had given the supermodel a diamond in South Africa in 1997 . Farrow confirmed it , they said . When arguing to reopen the case , prosecutors said Campbell 's testimony would prove that the former president "  used rough diamonds for personal enrichment and arms purchases , " according to papers filed with the U.N.-backed court . Taylor , 62 , was president of Liberia from 1997 to 2003 . The war crimes charges against him stem from the widespread murder , rape and mutilation that occurred during the bloody civil war in Sierra Leone . It was fought largely by teenagers who were forced to kill , given addictive drugs to provoke violent behavior , and often instructed to rape and plunder . Taylor is charged with five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , sexual slavery and violence , and enslavement . He also faces five counts of war crimes , including acts of terrorism and torture , and one count of other serious violations of international humanitarian law . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . CNN 's Carol Jordan contributed to this report	Naomi Campbell is due to testify in the trial of Liberian ex-president Charles Taylor Witnesses say Taylor gave Campbell a diamond Campbell had to be ordered to testify Taylor is accused of crimes during a civil war in Sierra Leone
Seven years after a disastrous response to Hurricane Katrina , the Federal Emergency Management Agency is winning praise for how it 's dealing with Superstorm Sandy . "  This is the all-new FEMA , and the leadership is very , very good , very focused , " said Dr. Irwin Redlener , a pediatrician and director of the National Center for Disaster Preparedness at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health . "  They 're doing an excellent job . " Score one for FEMA 's attempts to come back from its infamous failure after Katrina struck the Gulf Coast in August 2005 . But the post-Sandy reviews for FEMA are n't all moonlight and roses . As Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano -- whose department oversees FEMA -- is expected to visit the region Friday , many survivors in hard-hit places are angry . More than three days after the storm , they 're mad about the lack of electricity , lack of information and the lack of gasoline to run generators . What 's going on , said FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate , is part of a priority system . Search-and-rescue operations take priority over providing assistance , and searches are still going on , Fugate told CNN 's Erin Burnett on Thursday night . Assistance for survivors "  is being made , " he said , "  but we have n't reached everybody . Until we do , we 're not stopping . " However , FEMA has "  been starting to get emergency fuels in for the generators and for the responders , " Fugate added . In 2005 , FEMA 's slow and disengaged response was a major embarrassment for the George W. Bush administration , particularly when top officials admitted they were unaware of thousands of people stranded at a convention center in New Orleans without food and water , days after the storm hit . To be fair , the two storms were very different . Katrina hit Louisiana with much more force , and the population of the Northeast U.S. eclipses Katrina 's target area . After Katrina , a Senate investigation found that FEMA was shorthanded , failed to commit enough people to prepare for the oncoming storm , did n't have enough supplies in position and had poor communication with state and local authorities . Its director at the time , Michael Brown , had little emergency management experience before being named to the agency 's top job in 2003 . By contrast , Fugate came to Washington after eight years as emergency management director in Florida , where he dealt with several hurricanes . One of the post-Katrina reforms passed by Congress was to require that FEMA administrator have an experienced chief , said Bruce Lockwood , an officer with the U.S. Council of the International Association of Emergency Managers . "  It could n't be just a political appointee , " Lockwood said . "  It had to be somebody who had a practitioner background in emergency management or public safety field . It had to be somebody who knew what they were doing before they got into that position . " Even in the highly charged political environment days before the U.S. elections , FEMA has won plaudits from governors of both parties . New Jersey 's Chris Christie -- a Republican whose state bore the brunt of the storm -- told CBS News on Tuesday that "  cooperation has been great with FEMA here on the ground , " while Delaware 's Jack Markell -- a Democrat -- told CNN that people in his state have been "  really , really impressed by the response of FEMA . " ` Leaning forward ' The agency is now aimed at "  leaning forward , " moving supplies like food , water , generators , blankets and cots into an expected disaster zone ahead of time , said Lockwood , the deputy emergency management director in New Hartford , Connecticut . "  Before , they would have to wait for a call from a state before they started moving material , " he said . They still need a request from a state to distribute those supplies , but "  They have things on the ready in a very immediate location . " In New York , for example , FEMA has publicized assistance , including rental payments for those whose homes are uninhabitable . Individuals can apply for grants for home repairs and to meet disaster-related needs . Money also is available for construction of a home . FEMA set up online pages for Connecticut , New York and New Jersey storm victims . But not everyone is happy with the Sandy response by governments . Staten Island Borough President James Molinaro said Thursday that residents did not receive timely information on how to get food , shelter and tools for putting their lives back together . "  There was no one there to answer these questions , " Molinaro said . "  I need answers , and the people need answers . " On Friday , Napolitano is expected to visit Staten Island with FEMA Deputy Administrator Richard Serino to meet with state and local officials about response and recovery . Ten buses stocked with needed goods were transported to the island Thursday , and FEMA has promised to have a team working with Molinaro on the ground Friday , he said . The 2,200 people FEMA says it has poured into dealing with Sandy are about as many as it had on its entire payroll at the time of Katrina . The agency also has improved ties with its state and local counterparts as well as other arms of the federal government , said Redlener , the Columbia University disaster preparedness center director . In addition , Fugate "  has been able to attract staff back into the agency , and they have a very competent midlevel management layer to help organize efforts , " Redlener said . "  They 're still probably underfunded , but their staffing is much , much better , " he said . FEMA 's current budget is about $ 7 billion . For Sandy , the agency said nine task forces were supporting local search-and-rescue operations . FEMA mobile units are providing logistics support for response efforts . "  Community relations teams are on the ground in the hardest-hit areas of the mid-Atlantic going door-to-door to inform disaster survivors about available services and resources and to gather situational awareness , " FEMA said in a statement issued Wednesday . Lessons learned By comparison , at the time of Katrina , FEMA had manpower and planning problems and confusion about the roles of officials in responding to disasters , according to a 2006 report by the Department of Homeland Security 's inspector general . The report said that with the destruction of communications infrastructure , it took FEMA officials about three days after Katrina 's landfall to grasp the magnitude of the hurricane 's destruction . The report cited shortcomings with delivering housing and being prepared to conduct a massive search-and-rescue function . The Katrina report , which made 38 recommendations , said FEMA needed to improve the tracking of supplies . The experts said it appears that lessons have been learned . Lockwood said Fugate 's philosophy has been that FEMA "  is not the team -- they are part of the team . " "  That 's one of the biggest things that has come out post-Katrina , " he said . "  There is a cooperative relationship now between local , state and federal agencies to meet the need and fill the gaps . " FEMA 's recent performance also won high marks from a former chief , James Lee Witt , who led the agency during the Clinton administration . "  I think the most important thing that FEMA has already done is to have people in the emergency operation centers , and the prestaged equipment , and following whatever resources the states are going to need to start the process of recovery , " Witt told CNN 's "  Starting Point . " Sandy hit the New Jersey coastline Monday night with 80 mph winds at its center , but it spread destruction across a broad swath of the eastern United States . The storm smashed beach resorts on the Jersey Shore and flooded Manhattan subway tunnels , felled trees as far south as North Carolina , dumped heavy snow on the highlands of West Virginia and sent debris flying through the streets of Toronto .	FEMA chief says search-and-rescue operations taking priority , some fuel being supplied Republican and Democratic officials praise FEMA 's response to Sandy The agency 's performance after Hurricane Katrina forced reforms It 's now "  leaning forward " and has closer ties with state and local counterparts
CNN  -- Dutch star Arjen Robben has n't given up hope of playing in the World Cup after he was diagnosed with a hamstring tear . The Bayern Munich winger was injured during the Netherlands warm-up match against Hungary on Saturday . Scans revealed Robben has a small tear in his left hamstring but he is confident that intense physiotherapy can help salvage his dream of playing in South Africa . He told reporters : "  On Sunday I had the scan and it 's just a small tear in my left hamstring . It 's the first time I have a injury on that spot of my leg . "  If I just let it heal then I 'm back on the field in four to six weeks , but we do n't have so much time . I have one chance and I have to go for it . "  Physio  Dick van Toorn is going to help me . We 're going to work incredibly hard . I 'm going to fight until I drop . The last 24 hours I have had so much support from all the people around me and that had a positive effect on me . "  After the injury I went to the locker room for a first diagnosis which was very difficult . But it was clear that it was n't good because I had a lot of pain . " Dutch coach Bert van Marwijk has already confirmed he does n't intend to call up a replacement for Robben in order to give him as much time as possible to recover . The Netherlands are in Group E along with Denmark , Japan and Cameroon . Their first game is against Denmark on June 14 .	Dutch winger Arjen Robben is confident of being fit for the World Cup Robben sustained a tear in his hamstring during a friendly against Hungary Bayern Munich star is hoping intense physiotherapy will help him regain fitness
The news that Charlize Theron adopted an African American baby has fired up a debate regularly stoked by the likes of A-listers Madonna , Angelina Jolie and Sandra Bullock . All have adopted transracially . And everyone has an opinion . In the United States in 2010 , black children left the care system at a rate of 24 percent , while white children left at a rate of 43 percent , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . In the UK , where I live , a black child is three times less likely to be adopted from care than a white child . And until recently , UK guidelines on adoption have made it difficult to adopt between races . But the policy is changing after Michael Gove , the UK 's Education Secretary said it was "  outrageous " to deny a child the chance of adoption because "  of a misguided belief that race is more important than any other factor . " In the UK , a black child is three times less likely to be adopted from care than a white child . Indeed , the American 1994 Multi-Ethnic Placement Act "  affirms the prohibition against delaying or denying the placement of a child for adoption or foster care on the basis of race , color or national origin of the foster or adoptive parents or of the child involved . " Read more : Adopted kids ' drug abuse risk affected by biological family So , with it becoming ` easier ' to adopt a child from a different race -- does this make it right ? It is a controversial question that I 'm not going to seek to answer within the short confines of this article . However , my own experiences of living with a white British family have been positive and one can argue that this was because I still maintained contact with my birth family via visits to Nigeria . But not every transracially fostered or adopted child 's experience is as positive . Having spoken to adults who were fostered or adopted by different races in the past , I hear them speak with a deeply-embedded emotional scar connected with feelings of detachment from their roots and holding onto inaccurate preconceived ideas about their culture . Indeed , the culturally confused character of my latest novel ` Being Lara ' also embodies this detachment . Lara 's adoptive white family had done everything a good family should do -- they 'd loved , protected and nurtured her - but never had that talk on race . And such a talk is crucial within a transracial adoption setting . In fact , such talks may be necessary frequently throughout the years . I am by no means an authority on cross-cultural or transracial adoption . It is an emotive and important subject . But whilst a positive outlook is important for anyone embarking on such a journey , the prospective adoptive parent will also need to acknowledge the negativity that could arise and make sure they do n't shy away from confronting it . Really confront it . You ca n't behave like the mother in my book , who brushes off her daughter Lara 's questions after the child is racially abused in the street by saying , "  I have ginger hair -- I 'm also different . " So , as a multitude of Hollywood stars and average folk seek to adopt children cross racially , the question moves away from the "  right and wrongs , " and then becomes : "  How best to do it ? " In 2008 , the Evan B. Donaldson Adoption Institute in New York released a study that suggested foster parents of minority children should receive special training and preparation for the challenges inherent in interracial foster care . Prospective parents may want to consider the following : • Openly confronting racism • Carefully examining their own beliefs and attitudes surrounding race and ethnicity • Educating themselves on skin and hair maintenance for the child • Include in the family , cultural traditions , customs and foods of the child 's origin . • Living within a multicultural community and allowing the child to attend a racially mixed school . This all might seem a lot . And it is ! Plus there are no guarantees at the end of it . But it is important and it should be -- some say parenting is the most important job in the world ! See also : Top 10 parenting fails of 2011 There is no denying adoption is an emotional subject . But the readiness of any adult to make such a selfless commitment to a child , is an act that should be commended and viewed fairly -- whatever their culture or race .	Writer Lola Jaye says statistics show that black babies are less likely to be adopted than white ones in U.S. and UK . As both countries are now making it easier to adopt transracially , Jaye delves into some of the issues Jaye 's latest book portrays a Nigerian girl adopted by a white family and her experiences seeking her identity She suggests some ways to help the families to better prepare for the challenges of transracial adoption .
Stephen Colbert plays a dangerous game . He walks a tightrope every night , and it 's amazing that he does n't fall on a regular basis . He tells jokes about race , gender , class and people love him or hate him . Does everyone get a joke ? No . But of course he does say , in persona , amazingly offensive things sometimes . Last week things went south , and Twitter exploded in calls to #CancelColbert . The offense ? A 140-character long foot-in-the-mouth that came from the Twitter feed @ColbertReport . The tweet was a joke that played off of a show segment that mocked an attempt by the owner of the Washington Redskins to make peace with the Native American community without having to change the team 's name . "  I 'm willing to show the #Asian community I care by introducing the Ching-Chong Ding-Dong Foundation for Sensitivity to Orientals or Whatever . " Race , meet satire . But it did n't work . The controversial tweet , it turns out , was not written by Colbert himself , or from anyone on his show . But it was a Comedy Central account that presumably had license from the show 's producers to publicize and magnify Colbert 's voice . But instead of repudiating the tweet , Colbert on Monday night made further jokes about how the incident almost silenced "  my message of core conservative principles mixed with youth-friendly product placement . " Following the lead of Asian-American activist Suey Park , some have been demanding that "  The Colbert Report " be canceled . These words perpetuate hateful stereotypes and bring up a history of very public repression and personal shame . To use them now is to call forth that history . And in calling it forth , these words create more racism . Defenders say he 's a "  satirist " in the best Swiftian mold . He has a license to say such things , for he speaks in the name of truth and justice . They 're saying that the tweet was n't from him  even though they were his words  . And they 're saying that these words were perhaps taken out of context . Colbert 's responses on Monday night were uninspiring . The whole show was devoted to it , but it was the cold opening that people will remember : Colbert imagined a dystopian post-Report world . Think hell ... er Manhattan ... freezing over , before prominent Chinese-American actor B.D. Wong saves the day by explaining to him that it 's all been a bad dream ! This is still "  The Colbert Report . " #CancelColbert has failed . I was n't disappointed because I think the show should be canceled . It should n't . But I was hoping for something more sincere , perhaps even an apology or a sit-down with Ms. Park to let her issues be aired .  On the show , he made no mention of whether he tried to invite her to appear  . Instead , he invited Twitter co-founder Biz Stone for a mock apology to Colbert himself , and -- offering a tepid "  I never want this to happen again " -- shut down the Twitter account , @colbertreport . Many of Colbert 's defenders have been asking why Park and her followers should get to decide what Colbert can and can not say ? Who cares what they think ? Colbert should care what they think . Park and her followers represent a point of view that Colbert takes himself to be speaking for , liberals , racial minorities , the underprivileged . As a privileged white male , Colbert  just like the character he plays  gets his license to use what would otherwise be outrageous language because of his associations to those communities themselves . Colbert , his defenders will say , is a liberal with a history of fighting for the underprivileged . True . But white satirization of racial politics is conditioned on the blessing of the underprivileged themselves . This is why Colbert , in persona , sometimes cites the existence of a "  black friend " and why Jon Stewart regularly discusses issues of race with his "  Senior Black Correspondent . " They know that it is precisely the underprivileged themselves that get to determine what should be done with the words that have been used to repress and embarrass them . Colbert , out of persona , should know that . Without an apology , what we have here is a case of a white liberal comedian trying to have his cake and eat it too . He 's saying : "  I have license to say hateful things because everyone knows I do n't mean them or because I have an Asian friend . " But the way he should show he does n't mean them is by being sensitive to how his saying them affects others . If Park and the broader community are offended , he ca n't hide behind his liberalism . Liberalism is a license that comes with responsibilities that Colbert ought to abide by . "  The Colbert Report " was never in any danger of being canceled over this . But whether or not he ever recognizes it , Colbert owes Park , as well as the broader Asian community , an apology . At the very least he should consider dropping the Ching-Chong Ding-Dong character .	A controversial tweet from @colbertreport raised a firestorm over racial satire Aaron Schiller : Though Stephen Colbert did n't post it , he should apologize He says the tweet , taken from a line he spoke , is offensive for Asian-Americans Schiller : Just because he is a comedian does n't mean he can tell offensive jokes
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Thirty years ago , on March 26 , 1979 , three couples sat down for a celebratory lunch in the White House . Jehan Sadat remembers the joy she felt when the Camp David Accords brought peace between Egypt and Israel . President Jimmy Carter and first lady Rosalynn Carter , Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin and his wife Aliza , and Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and his wife Jehan , talked privately before greeting the hundreds of people who witnessed the signing of the historic peace treaty between Egypt and Israel that day . Jehan Sadat remembers crying with joy that day at seeing Israelis and Egyptians putting aside their differences and talking simply as people . Sadat and Begin shared the 1978 Nobel Peace Prize for the treaty they negotiated under the auspices of President Carter . Her happiness was shattered October 6 , 1981 , when Anwar Sadat was gunned down while reviewing a military parade . Jehan and Anwar Sadat had been married for 32 years . The daughter of a British teacher and an Egyptian government official , she met the former Army officer at her cousin 's house , not long after he had been released from prison for opposing Britain 's occupation of Egypt . She was 15 and he was almost 30 , but they fell in love and married soon after . In her new book , "  My Hope for Peace , " Jehan Sadat says she was crushed by her husband 's death and at first almost immobilized . But she eventually decided to continue her work outside the home . Today she splits her time between homes in Egypt and in Virginia and seeks to continue her husband 's work for peace while finding time for her grandchildren and for gardening . A teacher who earned a Ph.D. in comparative literature , she is a senior fellow with the Anwar Sadat Chair for Peace and Development at the University of Maryland . Jehan Sadat spoke with CNN.com Wednesday . Here are excerpts from that conversation : CNN : One of the things you do in the book is to attempt to correct the misconceptions that most Americans have about Islam . What do you think is the biggest myth that people have about Islam ? Sadat : I noticed right after 9/11 that the people were not understanding the Muslims and Islam as a religion . They were confused between terrorists doing something and Islam . Islam has nothing to do with violence , has nothing to do with revenge or things like that . Islam is a religion for peace , for love , for tolerance . But I understand why people think that way . My husband was killed by fanatics . But these fanatics , I believe , they are not Muslims , they do n't belong to any religion because no religion tells you to kill , including Islam , of course . It does not tell you to kill . It does not tell you to commit suicide . CNN : What 's your impression of Barack Obama ? Sadat : I am thrilled and happy , I ca n't tell you . I was following his campaign . First of all I feel he has so many things in common with my husband , he has ... the same smile , the same devotion to their country , the same charisma , the same love for the people . Both were devoted to their countries very much and wanted to do something for their people ... I have hope , to tell you the truth , that President Obama will help in bringing peace in the Middle East , which will calm the terrorists down . CNN : What impact do you think the Gaza violence and the recent Israeli election are going to have on the prospects for peace ? Sadat : I am very optimistic that what my husband did , what he gave his life for will never , ever go in vain . I believe , though I 'm not young , that I will see peace prevailing in the Middle East between the Arabs and the Israelis , and I am a very realistic woman . I am not living in fantasy or illusion . When Sadat started making peace with Israel ... people could n't believe it . They said it will never happen , but it did happen and my husband made it . And that 's why I feel it will happen in our time . The Palestinians want peace . The Israelis want peace . I want to see them living side-by-side in a very peaceful atmosphere . The problem is not with the people , the problem is with the leaders . And I hope -LSB- incoming Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin -RSB- Netanyahu this time will do like President -LSB- Menachem -RSB- Begin did . Begin was Likud and he was not an easy man , but he was a leader and he did make peace with Egypt , with Sadat and with the help of President Carter . CNN : What 's the current relationship between Israel and Egypt ? Sadat : It 's not bad at all , it 's good , but I wish it would be even more intimate . But what affects the relationship between Egypt and Israel is the aggression of the Israeli people in Gaza ... the Palestinians are wrong to send rockets . They should sit and negotiate like Sadat and Begin did ... But the revenge of Israel is so harsh , so hard on the people there , and who died ? It was not the people Israel wanted to get rid of . No , it was the innocent people , women and children ... CNN : Some people are critical of Egypt for not allowing residents of Gaza to cross the border . Sadat : Well , there are rules in Egypt . We are a country that has rules and when you want to cross the border there are rules to be followed . Of course I can also understand , they were suffering a lot , that 's why they crossed in thousands and thousands to the border of Egypt ... CNN : You mentioned in the book that when your husband was assassinated , you were in the reviewing stand . How far away were you ? Sadat : I was just a few meters behind him ... my guard pushed me to the ground , that 's what saved me really . And I was terrified and shocked ... CNN : You wrote about how this was a very crushing blow and you had a hard time adjusting . Sadat : You know we were not only wife and husband , we were two partners loving each other , respecting each other , trying to do something together for our country . When he was assassinated , it was like you took away half of me . It was not that easy , but thank God I got over it after a while and instead of staying at home and doing nothing and just having grief , I went out and continued my teaching . I went to the United States , I taught in four universities ... and now I am settled with the University of Maryland , and there is a chair there named for my husband for development and peace . I am filling my life and continuing his work for peace with dignity , with honor and justice . CNN : March 26 is the 30th anniversary of the formal signing of the Camp David Accords . Were you at the White House for the signing that day ? Sadat : Of course , I was there , I was with my family and with my children . It was unforgettable to see the Israeli delegation and the Egyptian delegation and the American delegation and instead of enemies they were friends , talking and chatting . It was something that I would never ever forget . My tears were coming down , I could hardly control them , because I was so happy to see that we are all like one family . And that 's why I am dying to see peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians and the Syrians and the Lebanese so we can live as one family and concentrate on our problems . We have so many problems in our countries to solve , we have to raise the standard of the people , we have poverty , we have illiteracy . Let us concentrate on this , not concentrate on waging war .	Thirty years after the Camp David accords , Anwar Sadat 's widow hopes for peace Jehan Sadat 's husband was assassinated two years after the treaty signing She says Islam is a religion of peace and the people of the Mideast want peace
CNN  -- The first case of Ebola in the United States was diagnosed in Texas . Officials from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention took to the airwaves to assure the public that there is no risk of widespread infection . The reason : The United States has a strong health system and trained health workers who can efficiently and effectively contain Ebola . This is good news for America , but what about the rest of the world ? In fact , the devastation of Ebola highlights an urgent global crisis that , as we now see , can reach into the United States : Across the world , there is a shortage of 7.2 million health workers . The United States is sending thousands of troops to West Africa to fight Ebola . In Liberia , Sierra Leone , Nigeria and Senegal people suffer because Ebola death stalks faster than local governments and international relief agencies can respond . Our moral imperative to respond swiftly is obvious . Complete coverage on Ebola This is made very difficult because at least 1 billion people have little to no access to a health worker , according to the World Health Organization . The Ebola epidemic has exposed global health 's Achilles ' heel . A big part of the reason is that the global health community has unwittingly built a system in which health advocates compete for funding allocated to specific diseases : HIV , malaria , tuberculosis -- the list goes on .	Ashley Judd , Karl Hofmann : Ebola is in Texas . U.S. ' good health system is good news But event highlights bad news in rest of world : huge shortage of health workers globally , they say Why ? Health investments made to fight specific diseases , not health systems to prevent them Writers : Governments , nonprofits , foundations must join to fund , build health systems
CNN  -- The surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings has cited the U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as motivating factors behind last week 's attack , a U.S. government official said Tuesday . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been able to communicate with investigators in a limited fashion from his hospital bed and told them that neither he nor his brother Tamerlan , now dead , had any contact with terrorist groups overseas . The official cautioned that the interviews were preliminary , however , and that Tsarnaev 's account needs to be checked out . The 19-year-old has told investigators the brothers were self-radicalized via the Internet . Investigators also are looking into whether the online English-language magazine Inspire , put out by Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , was used for instruction on how to make the bombs , but another source cautioned that other outlets could have provided that information . The twin blasts just before the finish line of the April 15 race killed three people and wounded more than 260 and turned a chunk of downtown Boston into a crime scene , disrupting the normal routines of countless others . Authorities slowly began allowing residents and business owners back into the area Tuesday . There was no word on when the street where the bombings occurred will be fully open to the public . That , the city says , will depend on how quickly building owners can make repairs and other issues . Business owner Ed Borash was among those who returned Tuesday . He said he and his son narrowly missed injury in the bombing . "  I 've had a tough time , " he said . "  It 's just one of those things . It 's very emotional . " Helena Collins , a businesswoman in the area , said it was important to get up and running again , but not just for economic reasons . "  For us and our business , it 's really about how do we get back to Boston , how do we band together , how do we help those that were seriously injured that are going to have lifelong struggles , " she said . As of Tuesday evening , 43 people injured in last week 's attack remained hospitalized , one of whom is in critical condition , according to a CNN tally . Meanwhile , two victims of the bombing were laid to rest . Family members of 8-year-old Martin Richard held a private funeral Mass Tuesday , his parents said in a statement . A public memorial service is planned , they said . "  The outpouring of love and support over the last week has been tremendous , " Denise and Bill Richard said in the statement . "  We laid our son Martin to rest , and he is now at peace . " Family , friends and colleagues mourned slain Massachusetts Institute of Technology police Officer Sean Collier at a private memorial service in Stoneham , Massachusetts , CNN affiliate WHDH reported . A memorial service open to law enforcement officers and the MIT community is scheduled for Wednesday on MIT 's campus , the university said . New details on officer 's slaying Collier was killed Thursday night , near the beginning of a wild 24 hours that culminated in Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's capture in the backyard of a home in Watertown , a Boston suburb . Authorities suspect Tsarnaev and his 26-year-old brother of killing the officer , though Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has not been charged in Collier 's death . According to a source with direct knowledge of the investigation , Collier did n't even have time to activate his emergency alert before being shot four or five times in the chest and head as he sat in his patrol car on the MIT campus . It 's not clear why the brothers allegedly ambushed the officer , the source said . The source said investigators believe the Tsarnaevs then carjacked a black SUV , took the driver hostage and drove past the scene of the shooting before going to a gas station . Carjacking victim tells his story Investigators believe Tamerlan Tsarnaev carried out the car jacking while his younger brother was nearby at the time , a U.S. official told CNN Tuesday . In an exclusive interview with CNN affiliate WMUR , a man identifying himself as the carjacking victim said he was worried for his life . "  They asked me where I 'm from . I told them I 'm Chinese , " WMUR quoted the man as saying . "  I was very scared . I asked them if they were going to hurt me . They said they wo n't hurt me . I was thinking , ' I think they will kill me later . ' " The man escaped when the brothers stopped to fill up the gas tank , running for his life as one of the brothers swore at him , WMUR reported . Soon after , the brothers encountered police , setting off a furious gun battle in which authorities say they fired handguns and hurled explosives at pursuing officers before Tamerlan Tsarnaev was shot . As the younger brother fled in the vehicle , he apparently ran over Tamerlan , authorities said . See first photos of the takedown Suspect shopped at fireworks store More than two months before the marathon bombings , Tamerlan Tsarnaev bought two reloadable mortar style fireworks a New Hampshire store . On February 6 , Tsarnaev had one question for a store assistant at Phantom Fireworks in Seabrook , New Hampshire : "  What 's the biggest and loudest thing you have ? " After that , store Vice President William Weimer said , Tsarnaev shelled out $ 200 cash for two "  lock and load kits . " Weimer said such behavior is very common in the store . He said the store notified the FBI after discovering that the marathon bombing suspect had bought explosives there . Law enforcement officials told CNN earlier Tuesday that the number of fireworks bought at the store was not enough to set off explosions the size of those at the Boston Marathon . "  My assumption is they bought this , experimented with it and decided against it and moved on and found another source , " Weimer said . Details emerge about boat , standoff Tamerlan Tsarnaev was pronounced dead early Friday . On Friday night , police captured Dzhokhar Tsarnaev hiding inside a boat in a backyard . Boat owner David Henneberry told CNN affiliate WCVB Tuesday that his obsession with how his boat was stored just right led him to discover the suspect as he stood on a ladder replacing two pads that had fallen out of the shrink wrap protecting his boat for the winter . "  I got three steps up the ladder and rolled the shrink wrap . I did n't expect to see anything , but I saw blood on the floor of the boat . A good amount of blood . ... And I looked back and forth a couple of times and my eyes went to the engine block and there was a body , " he told the affiliate . Henneberry said Tuesday that he does n't even remember climbing down the ladder and running to the phone to dial 911 , delivering the tip that would lead to Tsarnaev 's capture . "  I did n't waste any time . I did n't ask him if he wanted a cup of coffee . I was off that ladder . That is all I remember , " he told the affiliate . Investigators swarmed the scene , forming a perimeter . Multiple shots rang out from behind the house , Boston Police Superintendent William Evans said Tuesday . Authorities are still investigating whether Tsarnaev was armed and whether a shootout occurred at the boat , Evans told reporters . "  Clearly from everybody 's vantage point , we could see whoever was in that boat was poking at that top , " he said . It was n't clear at the time , he said , whether the suspect had a handgun or was trying to poke a hole in the boat 's cover . After a standoff , hostage negotiators persuaded him to surrender , Evans said . Investigation continues The Tsarnaev family is from the Russian republic of Chechnya and fled the brutal wars there in the 1990s . The two brothers were born in Kyrgyzstan ; Dzhokhar became a U.S. citizen in 2012 . His brother was a legal U.S. resident . Although Tamerlan Tsarnaev had become increasingly radical in the past three or four years , there was no evidence Tuesday of any accomplices or connections to extremists , a U.S. official said . But Dzhokhar Tsarnaev conveyed to authorities that his brother believed Islam is under attack and its adherents must fight back , a U.S. government source said Monday . Communicating with investigators by writing and nodding , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has indicated that his older brother masterminded the bombings , the source said . The younger Tsarnaev has been charged with using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death , as well as one count of malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death . The U.S. official said Tuesday that investigators have determined that the pressure cookers used in the attacks were purchased at a Macy 's department store . Read a transcript of the hearing Dead Boston bomb suspect posted video of jihadist , analysis show Suspects ' family members react In a statement issued through their lawyers Tuesday , the suspects ' sisters -- Ailina and Bella Tsarnaev -- said they were saddened "  to see so many innocent people hurt after such a callous act . " "  As a family , we are absolutely devastated by the sense of loss and sorrow this has caused , " they said . "  We do n't have any answers but we look forward to a thorough investigation and hope to learn more . " And Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's wife , Katherine Russell , issued a statement through her attorney 's office saying she is "  doing everything she can to assist with the investigation " and said she and her family are shocked and distraught . "  The reports of involvement by her husband and brother-in-law came as an absolute shock to them all , " the statement said . Dead suspect 's wife ` very distraught ' The suspects ' mother , Zubeidat Tsarnaev , said Tuesday that she believed her sons had been framed . Speaking from her home in Dagestan -- a Russian republic on the Caspian Sea -- Tsarnaev said she thinks her older son died because he was a Muslim and charged that authorities silenced her younger son to prevent him from defending himself . She said family members have arranged for Tamerlan Tsarnaev to be buried at a mosque in Cambridge , Massachusetts , Tuesday or Wednesday . An official with the Islamic Society of Boston said it has not received any funeral requests from the family . A spokesman for the chief medical examiner 's office also said officials there have heard nothing about plans by the slain suspect 's family to claim his body . CNN 's Jake Tapper , Julia Talanova , Holly Yan , Carol Cratty , Tina Burnside , Fran Townsend , Deborah Feyerick , Jill Dougherty , Nick Paton Walsh , Pamela Brown , Julian Cummings , Barbara Starr , Susan Candiotti , Jessica Yellin , Jack Maddox , Joe Johns and Laura Ly contributed to this report .	NEW : Dozens remain hospitalized after last week 's attack Afghanistan and Iraq motivated the Boston suspects , official says 8-year-old victim Martin Richard laid to rest after private service Residents , business owners get back into bomb blast site before public
Stephenville , Texas  CNN  Even with a conviction , the "  American Sniper " murder trial never answered the one question that still haunts the families of Chris Kyle and Chad Littlefield . Why were the two men killed while trying to help Eddie Ray Routh ? There have been a series of confusing and incoherent explanations for Routh 's motives the afternoon of February 2 , 2013 . We know Kyle sensed tension as he and Littlefield drove the former U.S. Marine to a gun range for an afternoon of bonding and helping Routh cope with what his family members believed was post-traumatic stress disorder . Kyle secretly texted Littlefield , sitting next to him in a pickup , to say Routh was "  straight up nuts . " Kyle 's wife , Taya , "  could tell something was up " that afternoon when she spoke to her husband . Kyle sounded "  irritated , " she has testified , then he never responded to a text asking if he was OK . Yet Routh did n't reveal a clear reason in the fatal shootings . Kyle was shot four times in the back and once in the face . Littlefield was shot five times in the back . Instead , the jury heard a series of bizarre explanations for why Routh allegedly turned the guns on Kyle and Littlefield . Routh 's attorneys said the former Marine suffers from psychosis , paranoia and schizophrenia . Prosecutors argued that Routh is a "  troubled man " who struggles with a "  personality disorder , " not insanity . ` Legend ' looms over murder trial The arguments were in direct contrast to one another . While Dr. Randall Price , a forensic psychologist who testified as the prosecution 's medical expert , said Routh 's heavy marijuana use caused a "  substance-induced psychotic disorder , " Dr. Mitchell Dunn said his opinion was that Routh 's "  psychosis was not substance-induced . " "  It is my opinion that he was suffering from a severe mental disease or defect that caused him not to know his conduct was wrong , " Dunn testified . One piece of evidence -- video from the police car after Routh 's arrest -- shows the accused shooter complaining of mental problems and confusion . "  I 've been so paranoid-schizophrenic all day , I do n't know what to even think of the world right now , " he told the officer . "  I do n't know if I 'm insane . Or sane . I do n't know what 's even sane in the world right now . " Gene Cole worked as an officer in the Erath County Jail where Routh has been held since his arrest in the killings . Cole testified he heard Routh talk about the shootings four months after the tragedy . "  I heard Mr. Routh say , ' I shot them because they would n't talk to me . I was just riding in the back seat of the truck and nobody would talk to me . They were just taking me to the range so I shot them . I feel bad about it , but they would n't talk to me . I 'm sure they 've forgiven me , ' " Cole said . Family : Routh acted bizarrely for years In May 2013 , Routh did a phone interview from jail with New Yorker magazine writer Nicholas Schmidle . Portions of the recorded conversation were played for the jury . Routh described being annoyed with Kyle and Littlefield as they made the 90-minute drive from his home to the countryside gun range . Routh did n't trust the Navy SEAL and his friend after their first meeting , he told Schmidle . "  That 's how I felt that day , " Routh said on the recording . "  It was the smell in the air that morning . It smelled like s ** t. " Routh continued , "  It smelled like sweet cologne . I guess it was love and hate , you know . I was smelling love and hate . They were giving me some love and hate . " Later in the phone call , Routh complained that Kyle and Littlefield stopped to feed him at a fast-food restaurant on the way to the range . It was "  strange " because he was n't hungry , and he felt the two men were trying to "  force feed " him , Routh said to Schmidle . Routh 's attorneys have suggested it was the arsenal of firearms lying next to Routh that triggered his psychosis and paranoia on the car ride . "  At the time of this tragedy , Eddie Routh was insane , " defense attorney Tim Moore said . "  Not only was he suffering from a severe mental disease or defect , not only did he not know his conduct was wrong , he thought he had to take their lives because he was in danger . " Routh said that when the men started shooting pistols at the gun range , he saw it as a showdown . "  So we 're shooting pistols here , huh ? " Routh recalls telling Kyle and Littlefield during his conversation with Schmidle . "  Again , that 's pretty much saying , ` Duel mother **** er . ' " When Schmidle asked what triggered him picking up a firearm and shooting Kyle and Littlefield , Routh replied that he was angry that Littlefield would not participate in the shooting . "  I asked him a couple of times , ` Hey , are you gon na shoot ? ' " Routh said . "  This is n't a spectator sport . It 's a shooting sport . You shoot . And that 's what got all , you know , wired up . " After that exchange , Routh said , "  I took care of business and then I got in the truck and left . " After deliberating less than three hours , a Texas jury found Routh guilty of capital murder in the case . Judge Jason Cashon immediately sentenced him to life in prison without parole . CNN 's Jason Morris contributed to this report .	The motive for Chris Kyle 's killing remains unclear Routh provided a series of bizarre statements to explain the shootings
Texas won another battle against Planned Parenthood this week . A federal appeals court , on Thursday , refused to grant another hearing to the organization , a decision that stops the organization 's fight against Texas ' effort to ban state funding for Planned Parenthood affiliates . Texas Gov. Rick Perry applauded the decision , by the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals . "  Today 's ruling affirms yet again that in Texas the Women 's Health Program has no obligation to fund Planned Parenthood and other organizations that perform or promote abortion . In Texas we choose life , and we will immediately begin defunding all abortion affiliates to honor and uphold that choice , " Perry said . The decision continues a legal struggle that has been going on for months . The Texas Women 's Health Program provides about 130,000 low-income women with family planning exams , related health screenings and contraception . Texas opposed government funding for Planned Parenthood clinics because the organization provides abortions . The state said in March that it was willing to give up funding from Washington and run the Women 's Health Program itself . It then adopted a rule that required clinics funded by the program to certify they do not perform abortions or are not affiliates of entities that perform abortions . In a letter to Texas officials in March , Medicaid Director Cindy Mann said the state 's decision was regrettable . It would , she said , "  prevent women enrolled in the program from receiving services from the trusted health care providers they have chosen and relied on for their care . " Planned Parenthood sued Texas , winning an injunction against the law by arguing that abortion is constitutional and Texas ' efforts would block women 's access to preventive health care . But a federal court later ruled in favor of Texas .	Texas opposes government funding for abortion providers It required clinics in the Women 's Health program to certify they do not perform abortions Texas Gov. Rick Perry praised the court decision
CNN  -- A large pop-up box will greet Facebook users logging on to the social-networking site on Thursday , asking them to modify their privacy settings . The company says the changes will help streamline privacy controls that have confused many of its 350 million users and were sprawled over six separate pages . What is getting the thumbs-down Complaints have started flowing in , focusing on three areas : The changes treat as "  publicly available information " the following : your name , profile picture , current city , gender and networks , and the pages you 're a fan of . Until now , you had the option of restricting much of that information . That option has been removed . The ramifications , as the nonprofit Electronic Frontier Foundation sees them : "  For example , you might want to join the fan page of a controversial issue  like a page that supports or condemns the legalization of gay marriage  , and let all your personal friends see this on your profile , but hide it from your officemates , relatives or the public at large . " You can not do so now . The foundation says : "  These changes are especially worrisome because even something as seemingly innocuous as your list of friends can reveal a great deal about you . In September , for example , an MIT study nicknamed ` Gaydar ' demonstrated that researchers could accurately predict a Facebook user 's sexual orientation simply by examining the user 's friends list . " Facebook counters that a user 's friends list can be made nonviewable . But it is either viewable by all or by no one . Another source of consternation is Facebook apps , such as the quizzes developed by third parties that many users are fond of taking . Until now , Facebook provided an option so you could specify that your information not be shared with others when one of your friends adds such an app . But now , whenever a friend adds an app , your "  publicly available information " becomes accessible to the developer . So why did Facebook undertake the changes ? The Weblog TechCrunch explains it this way : If a user retains the "  Everyone " option , the information is accessible by the Web at large . "  In short , this is Facebook 's answer to Twitter . ... That means Facebook can leverage it for real-time search , and can also syndicate it to other places , like Google and Bing . The feature has been available in the site 's privacy settings since last summer , but most people did n't use it  and probably did n't even know it was there  . The new privacy launch today puts this as the default option for many users . " The changes have met with mixed reaction . By early Thursday , more than 2,700 users had approved of the changes on the Facebook blog . But about 700 people said they were unhappy . "  The new setting -LSB- s -RSB- are ridiculous , " commented user Victoria Anne Archer . "  I have less control than before and my friends are visible to everyone ... I ca n't hide them ... but I have no choice ... because if I select only friends ... then NO ON -LSB- E -RSB- CAN FIND ME ! " What is getting the thumbs-up The most commended aspect of the new settings is that they allow users to micromanage who can access every bit of information on the site . One way to do so is to separate your friends into lists and grant those lists varying levels of accessibility . For example , if you would rather your bosses not know what you do on downtime , you can place them on a specially created list . In addition , a user can specify accessibility post by post . After each status update you type or photo you post , you can pick from a drop-down menu whether you want that item visible to everyone , to just your friends , or to friends of friends as well . How to access the changes The new controls will be available under the "  Settings " link at the top right of every page , in addition to being available in the dialogue box . For each section -- profile information , contact information , applications and search -- users will be asked to pick from three options about who can access the information : Friends , Friends of friends , or Everyone . The changes do away with "  regional networks , " which let users designate themselves as residents of a geographic area . But Facebook is retaining school - and company-based networks . It is worth noting that many users will find their privacy options set at "  Recommended settings " by default . If you retain those , your information will be available to everyone . If you would rather the site not share your information publicly , you will need to click through each section and restrict it to "  Friends " only . This applies for photos as well . A user will have to specify album by album how much access to grant others . In addition , you will have to go under "  Search " and specify whether you want Facebook to make your information available to users who look for you on Facebook and on the Web .	Pop-up on Thursday asks Facebook users to change their privacy settings Some users dislike how much information is made public to non-friends unless they make changes More popular is the new ability to decide on every post who gets to see it Blog calls the changes "  Facebook 's answer to Twitter "
Washington  CNN  -- Makers of silicone breast implants have not followed up on thousands of women who received them as required by the Food and Drug Administration as a condition of approval , agency advisers said Wednesday . Mentor Worldwide and Allergan Incorporated received FDA approval for their silicone gel-filled breast implants in 2006 after agreeing to do large , 10-year post-market studies . But in a two-day meeting to update two FDA panels on the status of those trials , the companies admitted they had lost track of large numbers of women after implantation . Mentor 's study enrolled more than 40,000 patients but after three years had a follow-up rate of only 21 % . Allergan enrolled more than 39,300 women with a follow-up rate of 60 % after two years . Christopher Allman , a spokesperson for Mentor , said since launching the post-approval studies , the company has stressed the importance of follow-up to both the women participating and their doctors . He says it remains a challenge . "  At Mentor 's request , letters from FDA were sent to physicians and patients to encourage follow-up and state the importance of follow-up ; unfortunately , there was minimal impact with respect to the follow-up rate , " Allman said . "  We continue to encourage women to participate in these studies . "  Typically , it is not standard of care for breast implant patients to visit their plastic surgeon annually . Patients most likely to follow up with their physician are those who experience complications . " During an open public comment session , some patients and patient advocates told of the horrors they 've encountered with silicone implants , in some cases imploring the manufacturers to make sure future studies are well-designed and protect women . Susan Dorsey from Mount Juliet , Tennessee , replaced her saline implants with silicone six years ago and enrolled in Allergan 's study . She said her symptoms began within months . "  I had difficulty raising my arms over my head , I had flu-like symptoms , neck and shoulder pain that resulted in physical therapy three times a week , " Dorsey said . "  Blurry vision , tingling , loss of appetite , insomnia , joint pain , anxiety , dizziness . Every day seemed to bring new symptoms . " Carolyn Wolfe of Virginia had her implants for 28 years and says she had multiple symptoms . Three years ago she was found to have connective tissue disease , chronic fatigue , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , asthma and irritable bowel syndrome . An MRI revealed 20 lesions on her brain and two collapsed implants with very little silicone left inside . She had them removed . "  Is the FDA willing to publicly state that silicone and platinum leaking into women 's bodies year after year is safe ? " she asked panelists . In contrast , Nicole Noel told the panel she would again get silicone implants after the birth of her second child . "  After having two children I had lost all volume . I had no breast tissue . I have more self-confidence and am more proportional . " Dr. Susan Wood , with George Washington University 's School of Public Health and Health Services , is a longtime champion of women 's health . The former director of policy and program development at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ' Office on Women 's Affairs said that unfortunately , time and time again , safety data have come up short . "  For more than 20 years , FDA has been asking manufacturers to conduct and report rigorous studies on the safety and effectiveness of breast implants . This committee is now very aware of the limitations of the current post-approval studies . This leaves us in much the same place as in 2007 , or indeed as in 1992 , " Wood said . "  FDA approved these products by two companies contingent on adequate post-approval studies . These studies do not seem to reach the bar . " Wood says real enforcement procedures need to be in place , including consideration of withdrawal of approval , requirements for sponsor-funded but independent research conducted for these studies , significant financial penalties , and major labeling or patient information changes . But Jeffrey Kenkel , professor and vice chairman of the Department of Plastic Surgery at the University of Texas , Southwestern Medical School at Dallas and president of the American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery , says the implants are still safe and effective . He says there are a number of well-designed studies that document that claim . "  I think both ASAPS as well as the FDA are confident that breast implants are safe and effective . We 're fortunate that we have a very high patient satisfaction rate -- above 90 % . Ninety percent of breast implant patients are happy with their outcome and report an improved quality of life and body image . " Kenkel said the measures established five years ago by the FDA were very difficult because a study with 40,000 participants is very hard to track . "  Multi-investigators have a difficult time getting patients who are feeling well and back to their normal routine after surgery to come back in for their follow-up . " But Dorsey said she had a very different experience . "  I was forced out of the study when I decided to remove the silicone implants to save my life , " she told the panel . "  All of my records were deleted -- as if I never existed . " Dr. Edward Melmed , a plastic surgeon from Dallas , told the panel the implants were an "  industrial toxin . " "  The symptoms , they are real , " he said . "  I answer five to seven e-mails a night from women all over the world asking . ` What do I do about these symptoms ? ' " Melmed said that by 10 years after patients get them , 50 % of silicone implants rupture ; 72 % by 15 years ; and 94 % rupture by 20 years . "  Why is the FDA continuing to allow a device to be placed in young women that is guaranteed to fail 80 % in 10 years ? Would they allow that in hip replacements ? Would they allow it in men ? " According to ASAPS , more then 318,000 breast augmentations were done in 2010 -- more than any other surgical procedure . Sixty-two percent of those were silicone implants . Both Mentor and Allergan 's implants come with a warranty that offers free replacement in case of rupture or deflation . It offers surgical cost assistance for replacement surgery . Another hotly debated topic was MRI screening . Product labeling calls for patients to get an MRI three years after implantation and then every two years after . MRI picks up about 90 % of ruptures , but the procedure is costly and some experts expressed concern over false positive readings . But the FDA says the MRI is the gold standard for detecting silent rupture . The agency says it will continue to look into its clinical value . Looking to the future , the agency said it will see the current studies completed , make sure follow-up rates improve and will look into the creation of a breast implant registry -- possibly on an international scale . Mentor recommended a number of ways to get robust data on long-term safety , including enhanced post-market surveillance , and reviewing published literature and existing external databases like TOPS -- a physician website managed by the American Society of Plastic Surgeons . "  We believe these sources may provide the data FDA requires on potential medical conditions in women with breast implants and would most likely capture any early ` safety signals , ' " Allman said . "  This therefore reduces the need for another large epidemiological study . If any new safety signals are identified , we would work with the FDA to define a targeted study design . " FDA spokeswoman Erica Jefferson said the agency has a lot to consider . "  The past two days have provided some very compelling information for the FDA . We took away several meaningful recommendations during the meeting . " Jefferson said the FDA 's next step will be to review the recommendations and outline the suggestions they think should be implemented . They plan to engage stakeholders including sponsors , professional groups , patients , consumer groups and academia before making any decisions .	Mentor , Allergan admit they 've lost track of many patients Manufacturers had promised to do major 10-year studies Panel hears from both doctors , patients that are highly concerned , quite pleased FDA says it has much to consider
Vietnam Coast Guard 8003 , South China Sea  CNN  -- To be at the front line of a "  cold war " is , these days , a rare thing -- particularly when that front line is a remote chain of islands in the South China Sea , hundreds of kilometers from the nearest landfall . The waters around the Paracel Islands , a largely unpopulated archipelago administered by China but claimed by Vietnam , have become the "  battleground " in an increasingly volatile territorial dispute between the two communist neighbors . Taking advantage of a rare opportunity to witness the spat up close , CNN traveled to the area with the Vietnamese Coast Guard . Tensions between Beijing and Hanoi ratcheted up last month , when a Chinese state-owned company deployed an oil rig in waters off the Paracels . It was set up unilaterally , without any discussion between the two sides , much to the annoyance of the Vietnamese who view it as a Chinese incursion into their sovereign waters . Since then , an increasing number of Chinese and Vietnamese ships -- both government and private fishing boats -- have crossed paths in the area with occasionally serious consequences -- not least reports of Chinese vessels using water cannon and ramming fishing boats straying too close to the oil platform . Entering the fray Our trip out to this marine flashpoint did n't start well . After days of prevarication over our departure date from the Vietnamese port of Da Nang , an official told us -- the small contingent of foreign correspondents selected for this rare press trip -- that while at sea we would confined below decks . "  We do n't want the Chinese to know we have journalists on board , " he explained . As expressions ranged from the defeated to the incredulous , this new piece of information was hastily qualified . "  Do n't worry , there are plenty of windows that you can film through . " We eventually did set off , hustled out to sea as the light faded over Da Nang , two and a half days later than planned . Crammed into a small supply boat heading out to the Paracel Islands , about 160 nautical miles  296 kilometers  from Vietnam 's central coast , it was n't long before the boat fell quiet and the 40 journalists -- both local and international -- took to their bunks . The crew , despite their casual , day-to-day appearance -- they only wear uniforms for official duties and , it turns out , camera appearances -- were serious , and resolute in their roles -- the first line of defense against what they see as Chinese aggression . Toeing the party line The Vietnamese refrain about these territorial waters is constant and unerring . Crew members explained to me that China is breaking the 1982 UN Convention on the Law of the Sea , and that the vessels are engaged in illegal activities in waters that are part of Vietnam 's continental shelf . Once away from Vietnam 's coast , we transferred to a bigger ship , Coast Guard 8003 , one of the service 's most prominent vessels , and armed with 25 mm and 14.5 mm cannon -- although I was told that they did not bring live ammunition on these patrols . Fears of being locked in below the waterline quickly faded as we were permitted on deck . It is lonely out on the water , a vast expanse stretching hundreds of miles in each direction , and around a thousand meters beneath our hull . Topside , a lone seagull followed the ship as it began its regular patrol up and down a line adjacent to the oil rig , which eventually loomed large on the horizon . The oil rig -- identified as HD-981 -- is omnipresent . It 's there in everyone 's minds , it 's the focus of much of the conversation on the boat , and it 's physically visible for most of our time at sea -- though we keep our distance . Despite our considerable distance from land , the horizon bristles with the silhouettes of dozens of ships , a mixture of Vietnamese and Chinese Coast Guard vessels and fishing fleets from both sides . The Vietnamese fishing boats are draped in red banners , which urge the Chinese to leave their territory . Dangerous dance For the most part , ships circle , warily keeping their distance , and posture at each other from afar . However , things can , and do , spill over . Hours before we arrive in the area , a Vietnamese fishing boat has been capsized , purportedly rammed by a Chinese vessel . While the Chinese insist the Vietnamese side was at fault , the captain of the sunk vessel told me days later that he was sure the boat that hit them was a Chinese Coast Guard vessel disguised as a fishing boat -- such is the level of suspicion and mistrust in this hotly-disputed body of water . In charge of CG 8003 , one of the service 's largest and most prominent vessels , Captain Nguyen Van Hung has around 50 men under his protection and a very visible role to play in this conflict with China . He says that there is no communication between his ship -- or any other Vietnamese vessel -- and the Chinese ; no open radio channel , no way to prevent events from escalating dangerously . Our Vietnamese hosts insist they are determined to resolve the matter peacefully and in full accordance with international law , but beyond the recorded warnings blasting out of loudspeakers into the heavy , humid sea air , it is not certain what their presence hopes to achieve . Chinese attacks China 's response is a little more robust , it would seem . Video taken by a CNN affiliate , among others , shows Chinese vessels attacking Vietnamese ships in the disputed area with water cannon and also ramming them . A Vietnam Television  VTV  crew embedded with CNN aboard CG 8003 says the previous vessel they were aboard , a government fisheries surveillance ship , was itself rammed by the Chinese Coast Guard . For its part , China abides by its territorial claims and blames the Vietnamese side for ratcheting tensions . "  The drilling activities of this rig are within China 's territorial waters . The harassment by the Vietnamese side is in violation of China 's sovereign rights , " said Hua Chunying , spokesperson of China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . For the media contingent , there is no direct experience of Chinese aggression as we sail up and down a furrow of the South China Sea , though from time to time we discover a Chinese Coast Guard vessel stalking us , gleaming white in the unceasing sun , but they never come closer than a couple of hundred meters . We are , however , woken early one morning to see what the captain said was a Chinese coast guard vessel using water cannon on a Vietnamese fisheries surveillance vessel . At distance , the arc of the water looks graceful , but up close it is a vicious jet which can break windows , disrupt engines and cause electrical failure and even fires . Saber-rattling While Chinese ships keep their distance , they are intent on making their presence known . When the ships are close enough , we can see the deck-mounted guns have had their tarpaulins removed -- a less than subtle signal perhaps . In any event , the sight of naked weaponry only dozens of meters away is unsettling . The Chinese presence is also felt in the air . Towards the end of our embed aboard the ship , we see a surveillance plane -- which journalists aboard the coast guard vessel are assured is Chinese -- leisurely bank around our vessel time and time again , sometimes flying low and close enough for those on board to make out its markings with the naked eye . While there is no immediate threat from the aircraft , its intelligence-gathering is enough to make those on board jumpy . For now , though , tensions remain largely under wraps . But for as long as both sides maintain their equally intransigent positions , shrilly trading blame and engaging in low-level incidents of maritime thuggery , signs of this feud diminishing , and ending up as a footnote in the history books , remain distant .	China and Vietnam at odds over a chain of largely uninhabited islands in the South China Sea Recent oil drilling operations by China near the Paracel Islands , which they administer , have irked Hanoi CNN traveled with Vietnamese coast guard to see how this conflict has become so volatile Vietnam says Chinese vessels are being highly aggressive , often using water cannon
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Jeff Conaway , who was in the TV series "  Taxi " and the movie "  Grease , " died Friday morning , his manager said . While pneumonia was the cause of death , the doctor who treated him for drug addiction for years says it was his dependence on prescription painkillers that eventually cost him his life . "  Jeff was a severe , severe opiate addict with chronic pain , one of the most serious and dangerous combination of problems you could possibly interact with , " Dr. Drew Pinsky said during a taping for Friday night 's "  Dr. Drew " on HLN . "  The pain seemed to be motivating him back to the opiates , and I told him for years that it was going to kill him , " Pinsky said . Conaway , 60 , suffered from pneumonia and sepsis in recent weeks and had been in a medically-induced coma in an Encino , California , hospital for two weeks , manager Phil Brock said . His family surrounded Conaway in his hospital room Thursday afternoon when he was taken off life support , Brock said . "  He was the consummate performer and entertainer , " Brock said . "  We 're thankful his struggles are over , but we know he will be missed by legions of fans worldwide . " On hearing about his death , "  Grease " co-star John Travolta said : "  Jeff Conaway was a wonderful and decent man and we will miss him . My heartfelt thoughts are with his family and loved ones at this very difficult time . " Conaway 's struggle with alcohol and drug addiction was chronicled in 2008 on the TV reality show "  Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew . " "  What happens is , like with most opiate addicts , eventually they take a little too much , not much more than usual , and they aspirate , so what 's in their mouth gets into their lungs , " Pinsky said . "  That causes a rapidly progressing and overwhelming pneumonia that they usually do n't know that they have , because they 're sort of too out of it because of the drugs and by the time they get to the hospital it 's too late . That 's what happened with Jeff . " There was no evidence he ever intentionally overdosed , Pinsky said .	NEW : "  Jeff was a severe , severe opiate addict with chronic pain , " Dr. Drew says NEW : "  I told him for years that it was going to kill him , " Dr. Drew says Conaway suffered from pneumonia and sepsis Life support was removed Thursday , his manager says
At least 16 people were killed and many more were wounded when a U.N. shelter in northern Gaza was hit during Thursday 's fighting , officials said . John Ging , director of the U.N. 's Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , confirmed to CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that 16 died in the strike . Numbers were still coming in as to how many people were wounded , he said . A Palestinian government statement condemned the incident , calling it "  Israeli brutal aggression that targeted " Gaza 's displaced . It demanded an end to the "  Israeli war machine . " The strike wounded more than 200 , most of them women and children , the statement said . It also said the death toll was 16 . It 's unclear who was behind the incident . The Israeli military said it could have been a rocket fired from Gaza that fell short of Israel and exploded . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who met with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in Cairo , was irate . "  I am telling to the parties -- both Israelis and Hamas , Palestinians , that it is morally wrong to kill your own people , " he said . "  Whole world has been watching , is watching with great concern . You must stop fighting . And enter into dialogue . "  Whatever grievances you may have , this is wrong . Why are you continuing to kill people ? There are many other ways to resolve this issue without killing each other . " The coordinates of the school in Beit Hanoun , which was serving a shelter for families in Gaza , had been given to the Israeli military , said a U.N. spokesman , Chris Gunness . Footage from the school showed pools of blood and images from hospitals showed absolute chaos . There were so many victims than many gurneys included two wounded children . One father carried his small daughter into the hospital . There was n't much the dad could do but try to comfort his little girl as she cried and begged for him not to leave her . In another area a mortician wrapped up the body of a 1-year-old girl who was killed . All the while people wandered through the halls , trying desperately to find where their loved ones had been taken . A CNN crew that visited the school three hours after the hit discovered a one-inch deep hole in the concrete in the courtyard where people were killed and injured . It appeared shrapnel struck people within a 30-meter radius . Walls were hit as high as about eight meters above the ground . CNN personnel did n't see the remnants of any rocket or missile . Some witnesses told CNN there were three to four explosions . Fighting in the area An Israel Defense Forces statement said militants had shot at the Israeli military and the IDF responded with "  fire toward the origins of the shooting . " The IDF said it had told people at the school to evacuate because of the fighting in the area and given a four-hour window to get people out . Israeli officials told CNN they had warned U.N. officials for three days to evacuate . Shortly after the strike , Gunness tweeted that the coordinates of the shelter had been given to the Israeli military and that the United Nations Relief and Works Agency had twice tried to coordinate with the Israeli military to evacuate the civilians at the shelter . The shelter is in an area that has seen intense fighting recently . Gunness posted : "  Precise co-ordinates of the UNRWA shelter in Beit Hanoun had been formally given to the Israeli army . ... " Then minutes later , he tweeted : "  Over the course of the day UNRWA tried 2 coodinate with the Israeli Army a window for civilians 2 leave & it was never granted . ... " It is unclear how many people were in the shelter , but U.N. schools can typically hold up to 1,500 people . The United Nations Relief and Works Agency , which is helping shelter Palestinians displaced by the conflict , said that 140,000 residents have taken refuge in 83 schools in Gaza that are swerving as shelters On Wednesday , Ban announced he was ordering a review of incidents where rockets were placed at United Nations Relief and Works Agency schools . Ban demanded that militants stop endangering civilians by putting rockets at the shelters . Is Hamas using human shields in Gaza ? Not the first U.N. school to be hit Thursday 's hit at the shelter is just the latest violence that has raged for more than three weeks between Israel and Hamas in Gaza . Hundreds have died , including many children . Thursday 's strike marks the third time a U.N. school serving as a shelter has been hit . The first occurred on July 22 in eastern Gaza , where about 300 people were staying , the UNRWA said . The second occurred Wednesday in central Gaza at a shelter were about 1,500 were staying . News of Thursday 's hit on the shelter also comes as the Israeli military said the number of airstrikes it was launching had been lowered . Israel Defense Forces said it hit 35 terror targets overnight . A day earlier , the number was 187 . The Israeli military also reported a sharp fall in the number of rockets fired from Gaza early Thursday , although as the day wore on , more rockets were lofted toward Israel , some in the direction of the international airport in Tel Aviv . But the human cost of the conflict remains clear . It can be seen in the blocks of rubble that line Gaza neighborhoods , where the Israeli military has relentlessly bombed . It 's evident in the frayed nerves of Israeli citizens who dive into bomb shelters as Hamas rockets fly in their direction on a daily basis . At least 797 people have been killed and more than 5100 wounded since the start of an Israeli operation on Gaza , said Dr. Ashraf al-Qidra , a spokesman for the Gaza Health Ministry . On Thursday , 107 people were killed , he said . An Israeli military representative said Thursday that the violence has killed 32 soldiers and three civilians . Two killed at West Bank protest Two Palestinian men were shot and killed during a demonstration in the West Bank in support of residents of Gaza , Palestinian lawmaker Mustafa Barghouti said . He said more than 15,000 people were marching when Israeli soldiers fired . More than 100 people were wounded , he said . The health minister in Ramallah said 185 of the wounded were brought there for treatment . Mosques using loudspeakers called for people to donate blood at hospitals , Palestinian television reported . Protesters were "  throwing rocks , firebombs and fireworks " at Israeli security forces , the Jerusalem Post reported . The newspaper , which put the size of the demonstration at 10,000 people , said 13 Israeli police officers were injured . Diplomatic efforts , some flights to Israel resume Kerry was back in Cairo , continuing his shuttle diplomacy to forge a truce a day after meeting with Israeli and Palestinian leaders as well Secretary-General Ban . "  Over the last few days , Secretary Kerry has been engaged with the Israelis , Palestinians , Egyptians , Europeans , the U.N. , the Arab League , Qatar , Jordan , Turkey and the UAE  United Arab Emirates  to determine how to achieve an end to the current violence and build a process that can create a sustainable path forward , " White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz said . Can Kerry end the Gaza-Israel bloodshed ? The diplomatic effort was n't solely limited to the United States , as several Middle Eastern nations worked to try to win Hamas ' agreement for an Egyptian-led cease-fire . Hamas said Turkey and Kuwait were also involved . Meanwhile , Delta Air Lines joined Air Canada and United Airlines in resuming flights to Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv , airline spokesman Morgan Durrant said . It has been a day and a half since the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration imposed the prohibition of flights to the city because of security concerns . On Thursday , Lufthansa Group canceled all Lufthansa , Germanwings , Austrian Airlines , Swiss and Brussels Airlines flights flying to and from Tel Aviv through Friday . Lufthansa said in a statement that it "  acknowledges the considerable efforts " Israel has made to protect the airport using its "  Iron Dome " -- system that targets incoming rockets and fires an interceptor missile to destroy them in the air . How does the Iron Dome system work ? When Lufthansa is assured that protection can be "  verifiably guaranteed " it will resume flights . Passengers who were booked on canceled flights can rebook free of charge or have their ticket price refunded , the carrier added . The canceling of flights has caused some controversy which continued Thursday with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer asking Israeli Finance Minister Yair Lapid about it . The FAA 's ban was "  a major setback to Israel , " Blitzer said . "  Yes , it was and it was wrong , " Lapid answered . "  It was a win for Hamas , right ? " Blitzer said . Yair responded by saying that Los Angeles International Airport was "  ten times " more dangerous that Ben Gurion International though he acknowledges that a rocket had landed about a mile from the airport . "  It 's totally safe to fly to Israel , " he said , "  and I recommend it by the way to everyone who wants to come in . " U.S. ends ban on flights in Ben Gurion FAA ban marks Israeli setback , Hamas ` victory ' Americans fighting for Israel What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ? Gaza crisis : Who 's who in Hamas Is Hamas using human shields in Gaza	CNN crew visits school , finds shattered concrete in courtyard , shrapnel in walls U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says the killing must stop now Palestinian government says strike killed 16 people and injured more than 200 IDF says it 's investigating and it 's possible a rocket from Gaza was responsible
CNN  -- Tornado-spawning storms that tore through parts of Missouri , Kansas and Nebraska over the weekend will move across the central United States on Monday . The National Weather Service said severe weather and flooding will be possible from the central Plains to the Great Lakes region . Colder air will continue to bring heavy snow across portions of the Rockies . On Monday , there 's a 50-60 % chance of thunderstorms in Omaha , Nebraska , and Kansas City , Missouri , the weather service said . Clear weather is forecast for Tuesday . Though the storms in the Plains bypassed the cities , residents of rural areas began cleaning up after twisters wreaked havoc . No deaths or serious injuries were reported . In Sutton , Nebraska , at least one tornado touched down Sunday . Loren H. Uden , Emergency Management Coordinator for Clay County , told CNN a police officer was hurt when high winds blew the windows out of a cruiser . Ten grain bins were damaged and roofs were blown off eight businesses . At least one farm was wrecked . "  I guess it just lifted up the house and slammed it back down , because it 's just in a pile of rubble right now , " said McKenzie Griess , whose car was crushed by a tree in the severe weather . "  This was my cousin 's house . He and his wife lived there with their two kids . They were n't home . They got out in time . They went to my aunt 's house a couple of miles away . It 's freaky to see , " she said . In Orrick , Missouri , outside of Kansas City , a twister damaged 200-300 homes in the town of about 900 people , reported CNN affiliate KCTV . The local high school was damaged so badly that graduation next Sunday will have to be held in a neighboring school , KCTV reported . "  It has been tough , " resident Lana Ryan told the affiliate . "  We 've all kind of been in shock when this happens . " Residents said the last tornado hit Orrick back in 1967 . "  Orrick has been blessed for many years , so I guess it was our turn , " Ryan said . The storms downed trees , caused high water and knocked out power in Omaha and its outskirts . "  You could just see a wall fo water coming down the street . I kind of told my wife we 'll go hide in our little area , " Robert Walko of Elkhorn told CNN affiliate WOWT , Behind the severe weather affecting the Plains , meteorologists are keeping a watchful eye on a snowstorm in the Rockies . Winter storm warnings and advisories have been issued for parts of Utah , Colorado , southern Wyoming and western Nebraska . Higher mountain elevations could see 1 to 2 feet of snow , with isolated pockets of up to 3 feet . Denver could get up to 5 to 10 inches of snow . Although snow might seem unusual this time of year , it 's actually not record-setting for the Mile High City . Denver received an inch of snow on May 11 , 2011 , and even recorded snow as late as June 12 in 1974 . The Southwest wo n't escape this wild weather either . Very strong , damaging winds will blow into parts of southern California , Nevada , Arizona and New Mexico with gusts up to 50 to 60 mph . Dry conditions mixed with gusty winds will enhance the fire threat . CNN 's Matt Daniel , Todd Borek , Matthew Stucker and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	More storms possible Monday across central U.S. "  I guess it was our turn , " says resident of Orrick , Missouri Twister touches down in Sutton , Nebraska Winter storm warnings and advisories issued for parts of the Rockies
` SINDH KALAY ' , England  CNN  -- The aroma of freshly baking flatbread wafts through the air as a unit of British soldiers position themselves for a quick patrol around the village of Sindh Kalay . A British soldier on patrol in the mock Afghan village of Sindh Kalay . Market vendors hawk grapes and melons , as a group of village elders sit smoking water pipes and suspicious-looking men lurk beside battered motorcycles . What should the soldiers do ? Conduct a weapons search ? Approach the village elders first ? In the complex political and cultural terrain of Afghanistan , what is the best course of action ? Except this is not Afghanistan . It 's Norfolk , England . Instead of the Hindu Kush mountains , it is the green ladscape and tidy farmhouses of the English countryside that stretch out behind them . Welcome to the British Army 's state-of-the art training ground . It cost more than $ 20 million to build and every British soldier serving in Afghanistan will do his or her training here . "  I think it 's the closest thing you are going to get short of being in Afghanistan itself , " says Col. David Colthup of the 2nd Battalion of the Yorkshire Regiment . His troops have already served one tour of duty in Afghanistan 's Helmand province and are training for another . British troops serving in Helmand province are tasked with mentoring and training Afghan security forces . Not an easy job in a Taliban stronghold and Afghanistan 's center of opium production . "  Ultimately , a soldier joins the army and trains to fight . That 's what a soldier trains to do . But today , it 's a much , much more complex environment , " explains Colthup . "  The business of being able to interact either through an interpreter or through Afghan security forces , whether they are police or army . And to understand how the people operate and how we can interact better with them . Because ultimately , that 's what it 's about , " he says . The most distinctive features of Sindh Kalay are the high three-meter walls that make up the village compound , creating narrow alleyways difficult for troops to patrol . The village is staffed with Afghan asylum-seekers , many of whom have fled the Taliban . They play the roles of market vendors , village elders and sometimes Afghan security forces . Several Afghan women are also on hand , useful for training British soldiers on the religious and cultural sensitivities of entering an Afghan home . Watch British troops training in mock Afghan village " The Taliban insurgents are played by Nepalese Ghurkha soldiers authorized to handle weapons . They play their roles silently , unable to partake in the Pashtun banter among the Afghans . Fazel Beria is also an asylum-seeker from Afghanistan . He is responsible for recruiting and for creating the sights and smells of Sindh Kalay and is easily identifiable as the only Afghan in the market in Western clothes . He beams with pride walking down the bazaar and clearly relishes his role in training the British Army . "  Everything with the culture comes up with the issue of hearts and minds , " he explains . "  If you want to win that , you need to know about their culture . You need to respect their culture , their religion and their way of life . " He gives high marks to the soldiers training so far . After each exercise , the Afghan actors talk directly to the soldiers about what went wrong and what went right . Sometimes , it 's the little things that count . "  Yes , there have been quite a lot of surprises , " Beria says . Like Afghan will sit cross legged for hours . "  The British soldier can not do that , " he laughs . "  The Afghan will be sitting very comfortable and the British soldier is not . So , they have to get used to it . " See photos of British troops on patrol in Sindh Kalay -- and for real in Afghanistan " Previously , the army trained on farmhouses and in urban neighborhoods that resembled Northern Ireland more than Afghanistan . But Sindh Kalay does more than mimic the physical reality of Afghanistan . It also mirrors the changing tactics on the ground . Troops are grilled in IED training by amputees that act out the violence with latex wounds and fake blood . When a new IED tactic is discovered by troops in Afghanistan it is communicated to Sindh Kalay and put into practice immediately . "  Before we had this , it was n't realistic enough , " says Col. Richard Westley , head of training here . "  I think if you 're going to be asking young men and women to go and risk their lives in someone else 's country , then you have a moral obligation to prepare them for that environment . And that 's what this village does . It gives them the isolation and complexity of an Afghan village . Which we ca n't do with farmhouses which represent Western Europe . " Some of the details in the Afghan village do n't quite ring true . The slabs of lamb and beef hanging from the market stalls are plastic , as are the grapes and melons the vendors try and sell to the British soldiers . Still , Sindh Kalay is eerily effective . When soldiers sit down for a "  shura " or meeting with village elders , helicopters buzz overhead and the soldiers seem surprised to be served a homemade yogurt and cucumber drink . But the unit commander ca n't help laughing when one of the Afghan village heads pulls out a "  list of damages " by British troops . It turns out to be a receipt for the local supermarket .	British soldiers train in mock Afghan village before deployment to Afghanistan Village features Afghan asylum-seekers as vendors , elders , Afghan forces Taliban militants are played by Nepalese Ghurkha soldiers Village trains soldiers to understand Afghan customs , respect Afghan culture
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- Just taking a sip of water or walking to the bathroom is excruciatingly painful for 15-year-old Michael Brewer , who was burned over 65 percent of his body after being set on fire , allegedly by a group of teenagers . "  It hurts my heart to see him in pain , but it enlightens at the same time to know my son is strong enough to make it through on a daily basis , " his mother , Valerie Brewer , told CNN on Wednesday . Brewer and her husband , Michael Brewer , Sr. , spoke to CNN 's Tony Harris , a day after a 13-year-old boy who witnessed last month 's attack publicly read a written statement : "  I want to express my deepest sympathy to Mikey and his family , " Jeremy Jarvis said . "  I will pray for Mikey to grow stronger every day and for Mikey 's speedy recovery . " Jarvis ' older brother has been charged in the October 12 attack in Deerfield Beach , Florida . When asked about the teen 's statement , Valerie Brewer -- who knows the Jarvis family -- said she "  ca n't focus on that . " "  I would really like to stay away from that because that brings negative energy to me and I do n't need that right now , " she said . Her son remains in guarded condition at the University of Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center . He suffered second - and third-degree burns over about two-thirds of his body , according to the hospital 's associate director , Dr. Carl Schulman . The teen faces a lifelong recovery from his injuries , Schulman told CNN 's Harris . "  Michael 's still got a lot of major surgery ahead of him , a lot of rehabilitation and therapy , " Schulman said . "  He 's doing about as well as could be expected at this point in his recovery , but he 's got a period of probably several weeks to a couple of months still left in the hospital if everything goes well , but the recovery is lifelong . This is truly a life-changing event . " Valerie Brewer said her son 's treatment is excruciating at times . Physical therapy , she said , is "  incredibly painful . He almost cries because it 's so painful . He 's burned badly on the backs of his knees and every time he moves his knee , it pulls , and if it 's healing , it pulls the scab and it cracks , and it starts to bleed . " The boy must undergo hour-and-a-half showers , she said , where "  they take a piece of gauze , and they wipe off all the dead skin . They give him painkillers for that , but it 's incredibly painful and it breaks my heart every time they have to do it . ... That 's what we call the torture hour . " Heavy metal musician Ozzy Osbourne sent Brewer a CD , and he plays it on a boom box during the showers , she said . "  He focuses on Ozzy , and he gets through his torture hour . " Police were able to interview Brewer on Monday for the first time since the incident . Hospital officials have said Brewer can communicate only in one - or two-word answers . Valerie Brewer would not go into details about what her son told investigators , but said that "  he answered the questions they asked . " The interview was emotional for both the teen and the investigators , according to Maria Schneider , a prosecutor with the state attorney 's office in Broward County . "  It was difficult for him to talk about . Difficult for us to listen to , " she said of the interview . "  Just difficult all around , heart-wrenching . He 's doing so much better , but it 's such a terrible situation . " Denver Jarvis and Matthew Bent , both 15 , are accused along with a third teen , Jesus Mendez , 16 , of being in a group that poured alcohol over Brewer and set him ablaze in a dispute over $ 40 , a video game and a bicycle . All three pleaded not guilty in an appearance last week in Broward County Circuit Court . If convicted , they would face a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . Detectives say eyewitnesses told them that Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Jarvis allegedly poured alcohol over him . Bent allegedly encouraged the attack , police said . Brewer jumped into a pool at his apartment complex to put out the flames . Authorities have said Mendez admitted setting Brewer on fire . According to an arrest transcript , the boy said he made a "  bad decision . " Jeremy Jarvis was arrested as a juvenile after Brewer was burned and spent about 30 days in juvenile detention . However , prosecutors have not filed charges against him and are still determining how to proceed . He still could be charged , as prosecutors have 90 days from his arrest to decide whether to move forward with the case . He has not been interviewed by police or prosecutors , Schneider said . "  He has invoked his rights to counsel and has invoked his rights to silence , " she said . The boy 's attorney , Stephen Melnick , said it appears the younger Jarvis was only a witness to the attack . Broward County schools expelled the seventh-grader after his arrest and he is currently being home-schooled , Melnick said . He described his client was a good friend of Brewer , and said the boy is troubled by Brewer 's injuries as well as by his brother facing criminal charges that could land him in an adult prison if convicted . Valerie Brewer said it was "  heartbreaking " when she and her husband learned that her son 's attackers may have included kids that they knew . "  But we do n't focus on that , " she added . "  We focus strictly on Michael and his recovery . We do n't need any negative energy coming into the recovery so we just stay away from it , period . We do n't watch the news because we 're living this nightmare and we do n't need to see it on the TV . So we just stay away from it and stay positive for Michael . " Her son 's recovery has been filled with ups and downs , she said . "  It 's been a roller coaster ride , the fear of the unknown , " she said . "  The first time he spoke to us was joyous but watching him struggle every single day ... "  I 'm proud of him , I 'm very , very proud of him , 'cause I do n't think I could do what he 's doing . " CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Teen uses Ozzy Osbourne CD to get through painful therapy , mom says Mother of burned teen says she 's inspired by his strength as he struggles to heal 15-year-old Michael Brewer was set on fire last month , allegedly by other teens Three youths are charged with the attack and have pleaded not guilty
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A senior administration official said Henry Louis Gates Jr. and Sgt. James Crowley of the Cambridge , Massachusetts , Police Department will be visiting the White House Thursday . President Obama will meet Thursday with a Harvard professor and the officer who arrested him . The meeting among the three men will take place at 6 p.m. Thursday . Last week , Obama said he called Crowley and "  there was a discussion about he and I and Professor Gates having a beer here in the White House . " Gibbs said : "  I think it was Sgt. Crowley 's suggestion about the beer , and I think the president thought it was a good idea . " Obama said he hoped the incident in Cambridge , which quickly spiraled into a national and racially charged controversy , "  ends up being what 's called a teachable moment " for the country . The president acknowledged that he had contributed to "  ratcheting it up " by declaring the Police Department had "  acted stupidly " even though he did n't know all the facts of the case and is a personal friend of Gates . Cambridge police called on Obama to apologize for the remark . Obama did not apologize , but in the phone call with Crowley he said his choice of words was "  unfortunate . " Gates , a top African-American scholar , was arrested July 16 for disorderly conduct outside his home after police responded to a report of a possible burglary . The charge was later dropped . Gates called himself the victim of a "  rogue " officer . But he said Friday he looks forward to meeting with Obama and Crowley , and to making the experience "  a teaching moment to improve racial relations in America . " Crowley said Gates accused him of racism when he was at the home simply trying to do his job and assuring that Gates was safe and alone in the home . Cambridge police officials have praised Crowley , who in recent years had been selected by a black police officer to teach a police academy course on how to avoid racial profiling . Officials said they take pride in their relationship with the diverse community in the area . Cambridge Police Commissioner Robert Haas said he "  deeply regrets " the arrest , but stands by the procedures his department followed . iReport.com : Share stories , concerns on racial profiling Meanwhile , authorities in Cambridge announced Monday that they have created a panel to advise police on racial issues . "  Today is the day to move forward , " City Manager Robert Healy said at a news conference . The committee , led by "  nationally recognized experts , " will not investigate the arrest of Gates , nor will it "  make any judgments " on the officers involved , Healy said . The committee "  will identify lessons to be taken from the circumstances surrounding the incident " and will advise the police department on how "  those lessons can be applied " to its policies and practices . CNN 's Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	Arrest of black professor by white officer turned into racial incident President Obama poured fuel on fire by saying police acted "  stupidly " Cambridge officials create panel to advise police on racial issues
Four more potential cases of Ebola were under observation Tuesday in Spain , health authorities said Tuesday , a day after a nurse 's assistant became the first person known to have contracted the deadly virus outside Africa in the current outbreak . The woman helped treat two Spanish missionaries , both of whom had contracted Ebola in West Africa , one in Liberia and the other in Sierra Leone . Both died after returning to Spain . Spain has outbreak 's 1st known case of contracting Ebola outside of Africa The developments come just as the organization Medecins Sans Frontieres  Doctors Without Borders  reports that a Norwegian staff member has contracted the deadly virus . The staffer had been working in the Sierra Leone city of Bo and was placed in isolation Sunday after developing a fever , the organization said . The worker is being sent to a treatment center in Europe . In Spain , no details have yet been given of exactly how the nurse 's assistant contracted the virus , and her condition is unknown . Francisco Arnalis , head of internal medicine at the Carlos III Hospital , told a news conference that the three other potential Ebola cases are being monitored there . A hospital spokeswoman said later Tuesday that another nurse 's assistant -- who is on the same team as the infected nurse 's assistant -- is under observation . This more recent case was admitted to the hospital after she "  started having a little bit of a temperature , " said the spokeswoman , who was n't named as is customary in Spain . Earlier , health officials explained that one of the people being monitored is the original nurse 's assistant 's husband , who faces a high risk of infection and had no protection . Another is a suspected case in a man who traveled overseas and has tested negative twice . The fourth , a nurse , is not a suspected case but has been brought in as a precaution after suffering diarrhea . She was exposed , but she was wearing protective gear , Arnalis said . Thirty people from Carlos III Hospital and 22 others -- from Alcorcon hospital plus family members -- are being monitored , according to authorities . It was not immediately known whether the nurse 's assistant hospitalized late Tuesday was one of these 30 contacts at Carlos III Hospital . The hospital will not release information about the status of the nurse 's assistant , who has not been named , in order to respect her privacy , director Rafael Santamaria said . The hospital has two potential treatments at its disposal , said Dr. Jose Ramon Arribas , one using an IV drip with the antibodies of Ebola survivors and the other an antiviral drug . "  This is a treatment that the WHO  World Health Organization  has recommended , even though they have n't verified its efficacy , " he said of the IV drip . EU : We need to know what happened Spanish authorities have said that all the proper protocols and procedures were followed in the care of the two missionaries . But the European Union has asked for an explanation as to how the woman was infected . European Commission spokesman Frederic Vincent said on Tuesday that "  Spain told us all the protocols have been followed , but obviously something wrong happened . " There have been 10 evacuations of Ebola-infected patients from Africa to Europe , eight of those within the European Union , Vincent said -- and it is first time that something like this has happened . "  The hospitals where the patients are being taken are supposed to be equipped and ready to deal with Ebola patients , " he said . "  If protocols are being followed , it 's highly unlikely that an outbreak could happen in the EU . But again , zero risk does n't exist , particularly in a hospital , where staff deal with sick people . "  We need to find out as soon as possible what happened and if we need to revise procedures . " There will be an extra meeting of European officials to discuss the Spanish Ebola case on Wednesday , he said . The World Health Organization said it was "  ready to provide support to Spain , as and if required , " as it investigates the case and traces the infected woman 's contacts . In the United Kingdom , Prime Minister David Cameron will lead a Cabinet meeting to discuss way to coordinate how to handle response to Ebola there , if it 's necessary . Cameron called Sierra Leone President Ernest Bai Koroma to discuss the status of the outbreak in the West African nation and talk about how aid the UK has provided is helping . According to Downing Street , the Sierra Leone leader said the situation continues to be "  very serious " and there was a need to train more medical staff , improve burial processes and develop a better system for running service treatment centers . Unions question equipment used Some Spanish unions have blamed the government , saying they warned it that the personal protective equipment used by the medical team was not of the highest standard . Angry doctors and nurses outside the Carlos III Hospital where the nurse 's assistant is being treated -- and where the two missionaries were cared for before her -- said they were outraged the pair had been brought to the hospital , one in August and the other in September . Ebola drugs in the works They said that the two priests , Miguel Pajares and Manuel Garcia Viejo , were almost dead when they arrived , and that they should not have been brought back to Spain , thereby putting other people 's lives at risk . Spanish Health Minister Ana Mato announced Monday that testing had confirmed the nurse 's assistant has the virus . The husband of the nurse 's assistant , who is under observation , is not sick , a spokesman for the Health Ministry said . It was not clear whether he is under quarantine . The couple have no children . The assistant was one of about 30 health professionals in Spain who helped treat the Ebola patients . They and the ambulance team that took her to the hospital are now reportedly under observation . No word on where she took her vacation Health officials said the assistant developed symptoms on September 30 . She was not hospitalized until this week , when her only symptom was a fever . She was first taken to a hospital in southern Madrid before being transferred to Carlos III Hospital , where she had helped care for the Ebola patients . The second of the missionaries died on September 26 , and she went on vacation a day later , health officials said . They have not said where that vacation was taken . A few days later , she reported that she was not feeling well but her temperatures were not very high , officials said . It was only several days later that her temperature soared and she was hospitalized . An investigation is underway to find everyone the assistant may have had contact with while infectious . So far , there are no other known related cases . Health authorities have urged people to stay calm , as they hope that the virus ' spread is contained . "  We are working in coordination to give the best care to the patient and to guarantee the safety of all citizens , " said Mato , the health minister . Obama : National security priority The news came amid growing fears in the United States that the disease could spread . The first person to be diagnosed in the United States with Ebola , Thomas Eric Duncan , remains in critical but stable condition in Texas , according to Candace White , a spokeswoman for Texas Health . He is on a ventilator and receiving kidney dialysis , she said , adding that his liver function , which declined over the weekend , has improved . He is continuing to receive an investigational medication , White said . During a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention press conference on Monday , CNN asked Texas Department of State Health Services Dr. David Lakey how care protocols in Spain compared to those involving Duncan in Texas . Lakey said he personally went to the Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital ward in Dallas where the patient is being treated , and saw that there was extensive security and a detailed method of how providers were protecting themselves . "  They take this really seriously , " he said , describing treatment protocol as "  meticulous . " CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said none of the people who Duncan came into contact with before his diagnosis that the CDC has identified for monitoring has shown symptoms . Frieden also said the agency has not made final decisions about possible ways to screen at airports in the United States . Meanwhile , some of the U.S. military personnel being deployed to Liberia to help tackle the Ebola crisis may come into contact with the virus , a Pentagon official said Tuesday . The head of U.S. Africa Command , Gen. David Rodriguez , said that while the majority of U.S. troops involved in the mission would not be exposed to the disease , those in mobile testing labs could have contact in that environment . "  They 're all trained at a very , very high level , " Rodriguez told reporters of the lab personnel , who constitute a "  separate , specialty element of the force . " President Obama told reporters Monday , "  As I 've said from the start of this outbreak , I consider this a top national security priority . This is not just a matter of charity . ... This is an issue about our safety . " Obama called for protocols to help stop the spread of the disease , including additional air passenger screening , while downplaying the risk of an epidemic in the United States . In Liberia , Ebola is killing Thomas Duncan 's neighbors Ebola has killed more than 3,400 people in West Africa , with more than 7,400 suspected , probable and confirmed cases . The virus is transmitted through close and direct physical contact with infected bodily fluids , the most infectious being blood , feces and vomit . The incubation period , from the time of infection to symptoms , is two to 21 days .	Madrid hospital : Another nurse assistant being observed for possible Ebola Authorities are monitoring about 50 people The assistant became first person to contract Ebola outside Africa during this outbreak Doctors Without Borders Norwegian staffer has Ebola , organization says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- There 's both poetry and promise in the humble balloon . It delivered escape and adventure in Pixar 's "  Up , " friendship to a small boy in the classic short film "  The Red Balloon , " and -- delving into real-world history now -- military messages for Chinese strategist Zhuge Liang back in 220 AD . Now Google plans to use a network of high-flying balloons to deliver low-cost Internet access to remote and under-served places around the world . It 's called Project Loon , the latest initiative from the tech giant 's innovation lab , Google -LSB- x -RSB- . Project Loon uses a fleet of super-pressure balloons made out of very thin polyethylene plastic . Measuring 15 meters across when fully inflated , each balloon carries a payload of electronics including a flight computer , altitude control system , communications antenna and a solar power station -- turning the craft into a self-powering cell tower in the sky . "  We want to keep them up there , floating around for eventually up to 100 days , " Nigel Snoad , Google.org Crisis Response Product Manager and Google Project Loon team member said on CNN 's News Stream . "  That way we can have a ring of balloons we hope can provide Internet access to a whole range of places that are really difficult to get to with normal technology . " The Loon balloons are strategically positioned on stratospheric winds and controlled by complex algorithms and computing power on the ground . Google said a team of six people is required to launch a Loon balloon , including a launch commander and a coordination team at Mission Control . The need for the connectivity that Project Loon promises is immense . Believe it or not , in this networked age , some five billion people are not connected to the Internet , according to Google . To put it in another way , two-thirds of humanity are being denied online connectivity and the economic promise that comes with it . Project Loon can also play a critical role during a natural disaster or humanitarian crisis . "  During a crisis , connectivity is really important because information in itself is really lifesaving , " said Snoad . "  Anything that can  provide connectivity  for remote areas at a low cost much cheaper than satellites is something we 're really going to celebrate and we 're hopeful can make a real difference . " Last month , the team conducted a successful pilot test in New Zealand , launching 30 balloons over two weeks to test basic launch procedures , Internet connection to the ground , and descent and recovery of the balloons . A group of 50 pilot testers in Christchurch and parts of Canterbury on New Zealand 's South Island were equipped with special Internet antennas to connect to the Loon balloons , including Charles Nimmo -- the first person in the world to connect to Google 's balloon-powered Internet . "  The way I became involved in the trial was by a third-party research organization , " Nimmo told me via email . "  They phoned one night and sounded completely suspect to the point where I was about to hang up . " Eventually Nimmo signed a nondisclosure agreement and a group of technicians arrived at his door to attach what looked like a red ball to the side of his house . "  I thought , ` Finally , some people who can tell me what is going on . ' Their reply was , ` We do n't actually know either . ' The whole process was cryptic and was making a dull week rather exciting to be honest . " In a rural area with historically unreliable Internet access , Nimmo said he now enjoys the benefits of constant connectivity like a social media presence , an ability to better market his products online , and a stable platform for his children to complete their homework online . Nimmo is happy with his balloon-powered Net connection . And , as the world 's first person to make a connection in such a way , he also recognizes the heights Google must scale to make Project Loon a viable solution . "  It is a system that will need to reach a critical scale in order to be effective world-wide and will need some degree of cooperation between governments , " he said . "  The scale and complexity of the idea is mind-boggling but it seems plausible , and Google is probably the only company with the resources to pull it off . " Onward ... and upward .	Google plans to use a network of high-flying balloons to deliver low-cost Internet Project Loon will give access to remote and under served places around world Loon balloons strategically positioned on stratospheric winds , controlled by algorithms Google : Project can play critical role during a natural disaster or humanitarian crisis
CNN  -- If Sebastian Vettel 's efficient march towards his fourth Formula One crown left fans of motor racing 's premier competition stifling yawns , things in the top class on two wheels are rather different . Last month , the latest in Spain 's prodigious production line of motorcycle racers , Marc Marquez , looked to have the MotoGP title sewn up . Arriving in Australia with a cavernous 43-point lead over compatriot Jorge Lorenzo , it seemed almost inevitable that the 20-year-old would become the division 's youngest champion , and the first rookie to win the title since Kenny Roberts in 1978 . Instead , the twisting undulations of Phillip Island flipped the season 's story on its head . Bridgestone , MotoGP 's tire supplier , had been unable to properly test on the newly resurfaced circuit , and the teams quickly discovered that the fresh tarmac was causing their rubber to disintegrate at a dangerous rate . For safety , the race was reduced to 19 laps , and a mandatory bike change introduced at the halfway point . To widespread astonishment , Marquez 's Repsol Honda team misinterpreted the strict guidance on pit stops and he stayed out on track a lap too long , leading to his disqualification . The black flag for Marquez may have been harsh -- a tweet from veteran rider Colin Edwards summed up the feelings of many fans -- but Honda 's loss was Yamaha 's gain . Lorenzo went on to win , and suddenly the championship race was back on . Lorenzo carved further into Marquez 's lead the following week , beating his younger rival into second place at Honda 's home circuit in Motegi , Japan . Now , as the teams arrive in Valencia for Sunday 's season finale , the title is well and truly up for grabs -- with just 13 points separating the top two . The most likely scenario for Lorenzo to defend his title , and claim a third overall , is for the Mallorcan to win the race and hope Marquez is no higher than fifth . The other permutations would require Marquez to either not finish -- which has happened only once this season , in June -- or be lower than eighth . However , he has been on the podium for 15 of 17 races . HervÃ © Poncharal , a former rider who is now principal of the Monster Yamaha Tech 3 team he co-founded , is a big admirer of both men . "  Lorenzo is an incredible racing machine , " Poncharal told CNN . "  He is so sharp , he is so methodical . I have incredible respect for the rider . " However , he adds that the MotoGP paddock already considers Marquez to be a champion . "  For everyone it does n't matter the outcome of Valencia , he is the world champ in terms of speed . And this year is really incredible , because this is happening in a year when MotoGP is so competitive  at the top  . " Poncharal also notes Marquez 's startling maturity , which has given the youngster the consistency that many rookie riders struggle to deliver . "  He is incredibly aggressive on the bike , but if you look at the record he 's not a big crasher . When you look at how aggressive he is , how hard he tries , and the risks he 's taking , you can see that already now he 's a very mature guy , although he 's the youngest . " Former MotoGP rider and double World Superbike champion James Toseland agrees . "  I 've been amazed at how he pushes the bike to the limit consistently , " Toseland , who is now forging a career in music , told CNN . "  At Mugello  the Italian MotoGP , when Marquez fell close to the end of the race while riding in a comfortable second place  you saw an over-enthusiastic 20-year-old , but that 's all I 've seen of that kind of personality . He 's been so consistent and so level-headed since then . " The Briton also sees the two Spaniards as neck and neck in the talent stakes : "  I truly believe that Lorenzo is more than a match for Marquez on the same day , on the same bike , in the same conditions . " MotoGP is not immune to the problems F1 has faced with the dominance of Vettel 's Red Bull . While an underachieving Ducati team continues to struggle , the factory outfits of Honda and Yamaha are simply blowing away the opposition , so the fact that this year 's title is going to the wire will no doubt please the championship 's governing body . Also , while the gap between Honda , Yamaha and the rest may be wide , there is no absence of personal rivalry at the top of the championship . Marquez 's relationship with third-placed teammate Dani Pedrosa is not exactly cordial , and he has consistently riled his rivals with his combative and uncompromising style . Marquez was docked a point for a clash with Pedrosa at Aragon in early October , and controversially escaped censure for a rough pass on Lorenzo in Jerez . So while Lorenzo will be fighting tooth and nail for victory , Pedrosa may also be less than willing to help smooth his fellow Catalan 's ride to glory . Poncharal doubts that any quarter will be given . "  I 'm not so sure Pedrosa is going to help Marquez a lot , but Dani winning the race , that 's good news for Marc , " he said . Intriguingly Valencia is a particularly happy hunting ground for Pedrosa , with a total of six wins at the track , including three in the MotoGP class . While his own hopes of a long-awaited first championship were ended in Japan , the diminutive 28-year-old will be looking to end the season on a high . Lorenzo has also won a MotoGP race at the track , in 2010 -- the year he won his first world title -- while Marquez rode to victory there last season on the way to winning the Moto2 class . Poncharal believes that Britain 's Cal Crutchlow , who rides for Tech 3 , could also play key role along with Lorenzo 's seven-time world champion teammate Valentino Rossi . "  Cal is going to wish to finish the season as high as possible ; he was second last year  at Valencia  when he crashed four laps from the end . Valentino is going to be pushing ; I 'm not sure he will play Jorge 's game . " The last time a MotoGP season went down to the final race was in 2006 , when America 's Nicky Hayden , then riding for Honda , wrested the crown from the all-conquering Rossi . Rossi , in his first stint at Yamaha , fell early in the race and was unable to regain enough places to prevent Hayden clinching what would be his first and , to date , only title . This time around , Marquez will be hoping to avoid any mishaps as he looks to clinch motorcycle racing 's ultimate prize . "  It 's going to be incredibly tense -- 13 points is good to have , but it 's not a lot , " Poncharal said . "  It looks easier than it will be ... I think it 's 50-50 . " With Europe heading towards winter , conditions at the track may also play a role . "  Valencia is a special track , " Poncharal said . "  We know the weather this time will be difficult , there will be a lot of pressure because  in Japan  we saw Marc , for the first time , not being the Marc we know . He will be under more pressure at the last round . "  In Jorge 's mind it was game over  before Australia  . Now everything has changed , Jorge is going to go out in Valencia not thinking , just pushing -- without any pressure . " For motorsport fans looking for one last fix of excitement before the season ends , Sunday 's race should provide it in spades . "  The final is going to be like a dream scenario , " Poncharal said . "  Let the sport decide . "	Marc Marquez seeking to be first rookie to win motorcycling 's premier title since 1978 The 20-year-old has a 13-point lead over defending MotoGP champion Jorge Lorenzo They will battle head-to-head in Sunday 's final race of 2013 season at Valencia Fellow Spaniard Dani Pedrosa won last season 's event at the Circuit Ricardo Tormo
A lockdown imposed Tuesday afternoon at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis has been lifted , according to the school 's Twitter account . Students and staff at the university had been asked to take shelter earlier Tuesday afternoon while police investigated a report of an armed person on campus . According to the school 's Twitter account and website , students were to "  remain in shelter location until an All Clear is received . " That all-clear message came at 4:36 p.m. "  Now returning campus to normal operations , " the tweet read . The school did not say whether any gunman had been found . About 30,000 students go to the school in Indianapolis .	Gunman had been reported at Indiana-Purdue Indianapolis Campus all-clear issued hours after it was put on lockdown University did not say whether a gunman was found
Washington  CNN  -- Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan received critical cover from moderate Republicans on Thursday on two issues likely to dominate her upcoming confirmation hearings : gays in the military and judicial experience . Kagan has been strongly criticized by GOP leaders for her efforts to block military recruiters from Harvard University during her time as the school 's law school dean because of the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . The policy , opposed by President Obama , prevents gays and lesbians from serving openly in the armed forces . Top Republicans have also highlighted the fact that Kagan has never served as a federal judge , something that distinguishes her from all nine current members of the high court . If party moderates break from the GOP leadership on these issues , it dramatically increases Kagan 's chances of overcoming a possible filibuster and winning confirmation as the country 's 112th Supreme Court justice . Massachusetts GOP Sen. Scott Brown -- who broke the Democrats ' 60-member filibuster-proof majority by winning the late Ted Kennedy 's seat in January -- said after meeting with Kagan that he is satisfied she supports members of the military . "  It was the first question I actually asked her because , having been in the military , I had concerns about -LSB- her -RSB- position at Harvard , " Brown said . "  It was very clear to me , after we spoke about it at length , that she is supportive of the men and women who are fighting to protect us and very supportive of the military as a whole . I do not feel that her judicial philosophy will hurt the men and women who are serving . " While dean at Harvard Law , Kagan said she "  abhorred " the military 's "  discriminatory recruitment policy . " She called it "  a profound wrong -- a moral injustice of the first order . " Kagan supported other schools ' challenges to a federal law requiring that recruiters be given equal access or face the loss of federal funding . The Supreme Court unanimously upheld the law in 2006 . Earlier in the day , Maine GOP Sen. Susan Collins said she does n't have any concerns about Kagan 's experience . She also said she did n't see any "  extraordinary circumstances " that could lead her to join a potential filibuster against Kagan . Collins said that Kagan told her she considers Roe vs. Wade , the 1973 ruling establishing a constitutional right to abortion , to be settled law . Kagan herself has remained tight-lipped when asked such questions from reporters . The support of Brown and Collins alone , combined with a unified Democratic caucus , would be enough to ensure Kagan 's confirmation . In addition to meeting with Brown and Collins on Thursday , Kagan stopped by the offices of five key Senate Democrats : Massachusetts ' John Kerry , New York 's Chuck Schumer , Maryland 's Ben Cardin , Minnesota 's Amy Klobuchar and Pennsylvania 's Arlen Specter . Specter said Kagan may be open to the idea of allowing television coverage of Supreme Court hearings . "  She said it 'd be helpful to the public and to the court , " he said . "  This was the best answer I 've gotten " from any recent Supreme Court candidate . Specter is a staunch advocate of allowing television cameras into the high court . Most justices , however , have adamantly opposed the idea . Specter also said Kagan stood by comments she made in 1995 , when she dismissed the confirmation hearing process as a "  charade . " Kagan 's meeting with Specter attracted considerable attention because of his political troubles . Specter -- who is facing a tough primary fight next week -- voted against Kagan for solicitor general before switching from the Republican Party to the Democratic Party . Specter has not said how he will vote on her Supreme Court nomination . Some political observers have speculated that his previous opposition to Kagan , combined with an unwillingness to immediately back her now , could undercut his support with stalwart Democrats . A quick declaration in favor of Kagan , on the other hand , could strike some voters as political opportunism . Kagan kicked off her Capitol Hill meetings on Wednesday , visiting Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . She also met with Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , and Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama , the committee 's top Republican . Obama nominated Kagan on Monday to replace retiring Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens . If confirmed , she would become the third woman on the current nine-member bench and the fourth woman in the court 's history . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	GOP Sens. Scott Brown and Susan Collins back Kagan on key issues Support increases Supreme Court nominee 's chances of being confirmed Kagan has completed second day of meetings with senators on Capitol Hill
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spanish police said Tuesday they have arrested five more people in connection with a male prostitution ring involving trafficked men . The five were arrested for crimes related to prostitution and the rights of employees , the Spanish National Police said in a statement . The arrests took place at three male brothels in central Madrid , police said . Last week , police announced the arrest of 14 people as part of the investigation into an organization dedicated to the sexual exploitation of men , the first bust of its kind in Spain . The men had all been trafficked from Brazil . One of those trafficked was a 16-year-old Brazilian boy who was found to have performed sexual services for the organization for almost three weeks , Spanish police said Tuesday . His pictures were on a website for the brothel where he was working , they said . Police said the ringleaders picked up 60 to 80 men in Brazil and gave them each a travel bag and an airline ticket . The men were lied to about the work they would be doing and the money they would be making , police said . Initially they were told they would have to pay back only the cost of the airline ticket , but instead they were asked for amounts exceeding 4,000 euros  $ 5,066  , police said . The leader of the ring , based in Palma , sent the men to various brothels , gave them cocaine , poppers -- alkyl nitrites that produce a rush when inhaled -- and Viagra , and put them to work as male prostitutes , police said . The network advertised in newspapers and on websites that displayed the men 's photographs , police said . The websites offered different sexual services in both the brothel or at private homes and hotels , police said Tuesday . Investigators have also found that the trafficked men remained at each brothel for about 21 days and were available to clients 24 hours a day . In each house was an average of eight to 10 men , the vast majority of Brazilian origin , police said . The men were forced to give up half of their earnings in addition to daily expenses of up to 200 euros  about $ 250  , police said . If the men complained , the network resorted to threats , including the threat of death , police said . The leader of the organization , known as "  Lucas , " was arrested in the first phase of the operation . He was responsible for knowing the situation of each man and obtained their payments through bank transfers , police said Tuesday . The investigation , initiated by the Immigration Networks and Falsified Documents Unit of the National Police of Granada , included similar units in the Balearic Islands , Barcelona , Alicante and Leon as well as Brazil 's Interior Ministry . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro in London , England , contributed to this report .	Spanish National Police announced the arrests Tuesday The arrests took place in central Madrid 14 people were arrested as part of the investigation last week
CNN  -- Tourists arriving in Bangkok may expect to see troops guarding key buildings and intersections , while masked vigilante protesters patrol their own roadblocks built from sandbags , barbed wire , rubber tires and debris . Bangkok 's political violence has been escalating , and at least 21 people have died since anti-government protests began in November . Some of the capital 's popular tourist areas -- including upmarket Sukhumvit Road where hotels , restaurants , shopping malls and other facilities remain open for business -- are now ground zero for the loud and crowded protests . They have blockaded some sections of Sukhumvit Road , and are also camping in nearby Lumpini Park , plus other sites . At night , gunfire and grenades echo in some central areas of Bangkok , making it unwise to stay out too late or go to places where protesters gather . Seasoned travelers should be able to figure out where and when not to go , and can follow Twitter feeds about the security situation on #Thailand and #BKKShutdown , plus many countries ' online travel advisories . Dozens of countries issued travel warnings in recent weeks about Thailand , including the U.S. State Department . "  Although many protest activities have been peaceful , violent incidents involving guns and explosive devices have occurred at or near protest sites . Some have resulted in injury or death , " advised the latest U.S. State Department warning , updated on Feb. 14 . "  In Bangkok , protests have been mobile throughout the city , with large numbers of demonstrators at times swelling quickly and closing major roads and intersections , " it said . What to expect Travelers visiting a chaotic developing country for the first time may feel nervous when their taxi is stopped by angry masked men who might not get on well with the driver , because many taxi drivers are perceived to be against the protesters . International backpackers usually stay in Bangkok 's older neighborhoods in and around Khao San Road , which has experienced unrest but is generally sheltered . In fact , most of Bangkok is safe . But it could be dangerous to voice any opinion about Bangkok 's protests to Thais who visitors are not personally acquainted with . Emotions are so high that many families are now divided because of the political polarization . Tourism dipping Bangkok 's two airports , serving international and domestic airlines , are open . No foreign tourists are known to have been injured in any clashes . However , some foreigners have expressed fear after encountering tough protesters barking orders or assaulting other Thais near rally sites . The government 's Tourism Authority of Thailand  TAT  tries to paint a pretty picture of the country 's gorgeous beaches and upcountry destinations , which some travelers agree are the best places to visit now . Many tourists are flying into Thailand but not to Bangkok , and instead choose international and domestic airports in Phuket , Chiang Mai and elsewhere either by direct flights from foreign countries or changing planes in Bangkok . "  Many tour groups from Asian countries such as China , Japan , Hong Kong and Vietnam do not want to come to Thailand , " said TAT Governor Thawatchai Arunyik , according to the Bangkok Post . "  We estimate that we will lose up to 900,000 visitors during the first half of this year , " Mr. Thawatchai said . Security concerns and delays Avril Lavigne played in Bangkok on Feb. 11 without problems , but Eric Clapton canceled his upcoming March 2 performance due to security concerns . Travelers who are injured or have serious health problems may experience frustration as protesters ' blockades have delayed people trying to get to hospitals for emergency medical care . Thai government offices are also unable to quickly function because several ministries and other official buildings are under siege and locked by protesters , who forced officials to flee . Thai re-entry visas and extensions take more time to receive . The government however set up alternative offices in shopping malls , sports stadiums , convention centers and elsewhere to handle many of its bureaucratic backlogs . Visitors should not wear solid red-colored clothes , or buy the T-shirts now on sale in Bangkok which say "  Popcorn Army " -- the two most inflammatory images identifying each side . Richard S. Ehrlich is a writer and journalist based in Bangkok .	Bangkok and parts of nearby prefectures remain under state of emergency following protests , violence Tourists to Bangkok should remain on high alert Bangkok 's two airports remain open No foreign tourists have been injured in any clashes
InStyle.com  -- At the 2012 Academy Awards each celebrity came out looking her personal best . "  Gwyneth Paltrow was elegant , Meryl Streep 's look said ` I 'm a movie star , ' and Viola Davis was powerful and majestic , " says InStyle Fashion Director Hal Rubenstein . Each woman dressed the way we want to see them and their confidence really shined through . The night was n't dominated by a singular designer , silhouette or trend , but amazing earrings were the finishing touch on the diverse looks , says Rubenstein . Check out the night 's greatest gowns . Meryl Streep For her 17th Oscars as a nominee , Meryl Streep went for the gold in Lanvin 's first ever custom-made eco gown , made from eco-certified fabric sourced with help from Livia Firth 's Green Carpet Challenge . Viola Davis Vera Wang designed the Best Actress nominee 's strapless green gown , which featured a pleated skirt detail and embroidered neckline . "  She did right by me , " "  The Help " star graciously said of the designer . Davis completed the look with matching emerald earrings and a sparkling diamond cuff . See more of the best dressed stars at the Oscars Gwyneth Paltrow The actress wowed in white ! Paltrow accessorized her Tom Ford gown and dramatic floor length cape with an Anna Hu Haute Joaillerie diamond cuff and ring and a sleek low ponytail . Michelle Williams The Best Actress nominee chose a silk and organza Louis Vuitton dress with a peplum waist , and she had to pool her friends to clarify the hue . "  I 've been asking everyone what color it is , and they say it 's coral or maybe pomegranate , " she said .  The label officially called it "  burnt orange . "  The "  My Week With Marilyn " star played up the strapless neckline with a Fred Leighton for Forevermark necklace that featured 30 carats worth of brilliant-cut diamonds . Rooney Mara "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo " star and Best Leading Actress nominee went minimal in a white Givenchy gown with a plunging neckline . InStyle.com : 25 Most breathtaking Oscars gowns Jennifer Lopez Presenter and "  American Idol " judge Jennifer Lopez made a stunning entrance in a curve-hugging , long sleeve Zuhair Murad gown which she accessorized with Lorraine Schwartz jewels and a Salvatore Ferragamo clutch . Melissa McCarthy The "  Bridesmaids " star and Best Supporting Actress nominee chose a crystal-embellished Marina Rinaldi gown . She wore customized shoes from her "  best friend from high school , " Brian Atwood . " -LSB- The message on the sole -RSB- said , ` To my best friend , plus Oscars and the date , ' " McCarthy said . "  It made me cry . " Tina Fey Oscar presenter and "  30 Rock " star Tina Fey walked the red carpet in a black strapless custom Carolina Herrera peplum gown . Bulgari danglers offset her voluminous updo . InStyle.com : 20 Most outrageous Oscars looks ever Jessica Chastain The Best Supporting Actress nominee looked elegant in a black Alexander McQueen gown with an intricate gold overlay and a flowing chiffon train . She finished her look with $ 2 million of Harry Winston yellow diamond jewels . Kristen Wiig The actress , nominated for her "  Bridesmaids " script , was the picture of femininity in a nude tulle strapless gown with woven bodice and hand pleated layered skirt by J. Mendel . Emma Stone "  The Help " star and Oscar presenter complemented her strawberry strands with a scarlet Giambattista Valli dress and Louis Vuitton rubies . See more Oscar coverage at InStyle.com . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Michelle Williams chose a silk and organza Louis Vuitton dress with a peplum waist Rooney Mara went minimal in a white Givenchy gown with a plunging neckline Jennifer Lopez made a stunning entrance in a curve-hugging Zuhair Murad gown
CNN  -- A Canadian subsidiary of a U.S.-based multinational firm pleaded guilty in federal court Thursday to illegally sending software to China , which it used in the development of its first advanced attack helicopter , according to the U.S. attorney in Connecticut . Pratt & Whitney Canada -- a subsidiary of Hartford , Connecticut-based United Technologies Corporation -- pleaded guilty to violating the Arms Export Control Act . In a case going back more than a decade , the firm admitted it sold software that was used in the development and testing of the new Z-10 helicopter for China 's army . UTC , Pratt & Whitney Canada and another UTC subsidiary -- Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation -- agreed to pay more than $ 75 million as part of a settlement with the U.S. government because of the arms export violations and for making false statements , according to a statement from U.S. Attorney David B. Fein and other federal officials . The firms are expected to pay $ 20.7 million to the Justice Department and another $ 55 million to the State Department "  to resolve outstanding export issues , including those related to the Z-10 , " court documents said . "  This prosecution is one of the largest resolutions of export violations with a major defense contractor in the Justice Department 's history , " Fein said . Federal officials blasted the firm , saying the case "  is a clear example of how the illegal export of sensitive technology reduces the advantages our military currently possesses . " "  American military prowess depends on lawful , controlled exports of sensitive technology by U.S. industries and their subsidiaries , " added John Morton , director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  . According to court documents , an internal e-mail from a senior manager in September 2001 suggested that officials at Pratt & Whitney Canada knew the sales could violate U.S. sanctions . "  We must be very careful that the helicopter programs we are doing with the Chinese are not presented or viewed as military programs , " the manager 's e-mail read , according to the documents . "  As a result of these sanctions , we need to be very careful with the Z10C program . If the first flight will be with a gun ship then we could have problems with the US government . " The contractor was allegedly trying to outflank its European rivals and develop a foothold in the lucrative Chinese civil helicopter market , thought to be worth up to $ 2 billion in the coming years , the documents added . An internal briefing from September 2002 noted that "  China 's civil helicopter market potential is large  estimated at close to 20,000 aircraft by some  . " Chinese officials allegedly "  made it clear that if  Pratt & Whitney Canada  wanted to have its engines considered for the yet-to-be-developed civil version , it would have to provide its engines ... with the understanding that the initial application ... would be military , " the documents added . But the firm allegedly "  turned a blind eye to the attack helicopter application and went along with the ` sudden appearance ' of a parallel civil program . " United Technologies says it accepted responsibility "  for these past violations and we deeply regret they occurred , " noting that it has "  invested more than $ 30 million since 2006 to strengthen its compliance infrastructure . " "  Export controls are an integral part of safeguarding U.S. national security and foreign policy interests , " said CEO Louis Chenevert . "  As a supplier of controlled products and technologies to the Department of Defense and other domestic and international customers , we are committed to conducting business in full compliance with all export laws and regulations . " The United States has imposed sanctions on the sale of military technology to China since 1989 , after pro-democracy protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square were crushed in a bloody Chinese crackdown . Congress strengthened sanctions less than a year later , specifically naming helicopters and helicopter parts in the ban . The Z-10 helicopter is in production and started being used by China 's armed forces in 2009 , according to the Justice Department . It is capable of being equipped with 30 mm cannons , anti-tank and air-to-air missiles , and is primarily intended as an anti-armor attack craft , according to federal officials . Christopher K. Johnson , a senior adviser at the Center for International and Strategic Studies , said the case "  highlights our issues with defense cooperation and competition with China . " "  This is just another signal that those issues and tensions are unlikely to go anywhere , " he said . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	Military technology was illegally sold to China by an American multinational firm It helped China develop and produce its first advanced attack helicopter , U.S. officials say United Technologies Corporation agrees to pay more than $ 75 million as part of a settlement Pratt & Whitney Canada pleads guilty on Thursday to violating the Arms Export Control Act
For years Venice has battled the effects of rising waters on its historic architecture , but now it 's facing a new threat -- wheeled suitcases . City officials have become so tired with the cacophony of rumbling luggage they 're introducing fines of up to 500 euros  $ 620  for anyone caught using one . The move , due to come into effect in May 2015 , is likely to create a headache for many of 22 million who annually visit the city and need to cart bags to hotels in car-free streets . For locals , long tired of plastic or hard rubber wheels rattling past their windows as they try to sleep , it will come as a welcome relief . The new rules , which will require luggage to be transported on quieter air-filled tires , are the idea of City Commissioner Victor Zappalorto , according to the Il Messaggero newspaper . ` Serious discomfort ' City officials have reportedly said the noise from hard-wheeled suitcases and traders using trolleys was causing "  serious discomfort . " There were also concerns about the "  progressive deterioration " of historic marble steps , stone pathways and footbridges around Venice 's old canals . The local Il Gazzettino newspaper says the new rule will be legally binding as it 'll be written into local building code Zappalorto has suggested the legislation will be an opportunity for an entrepreneurial luggage to cash in in by creating a Venice-friendly suitcase that runs on soft tires . Whether or not the idea takes off could depend on how loud the rumblings of complaint from visitors are . Do you think Venice is right to ban wheeled suitcases ? Let us know in the comments below .	Venice authorities say wheeled suitcases are a noise nuisance and cause damage to historic streets New laws restricting use of wheeled luggage will affect many of 27 million annual tourists Those flouting the restrictions could be fined up to 500 euros
CNN  Truth and reconciliation . As we mark Martin Luther King Jr. . Day this year , it 's worth asking : Can America handle either one ? When Nelson Mandela became president of South Africa after the end of apartheid he had two choices . He could have gone down a path of confrontation and retribution against the white Afrikaners who had ruled so oppressively . Or he could have skipped quickly past the history and reality of apartheid and pardoned all its perpetrators in the interests of maintaining order . He did neither . In one of his many acts of civic genius , he chose a path for his country that exposed the ugliness of the past and only then invited forgiveness . His government launched a Truth and Reconciliation Commission , led by Archbishop Desmond Tutu . The commission gathered public testimony across the land , naming the institutional structures and individual acts that had brutalized blacks . No perpetrator was granted amnesty without a candid accounting of his or her deeds . The opportunity for restorative justice gave every participant a sense of heightened responsibility -- a chance to be bigger citizens , together . Only then could reconciliation begin . And though the commission was not sufficient to "  solve race " in post-apartheid South Africa , it was still necessary . Without such an attempt at formal accounting , without such an opportunity for oppressed and oppressor to face one another , that nation 's challenges would be even greater today . For proof , consider our own nation 150 years post-slavery . For a fleeting while after the Civil War , we tried Reconstruction . Freedmen could earn wages and vote freely and claim an equal place in politics . Then we gave up on Reconstruction . And Jim Crow came along to make black citizens second-class and to ensure that neither truth-telling nor reconciliation would be on the agenda . Consider our nation 50 years post-civil rights movement . That movement is sometimes called the Second Reconstruction . It sought to finish the fight to make truly equal citizens out of the descendants of slaves . But here we are today , still plagued post-Ferguson and post-Staten Island by divisions of color and caste -- and by an inability to talk about them without angry defensiveness . That 's why it 's worth asking whether the United States today could take a page from South Africa 's script . Fania Davis , a civil rights attorney and restorative justice activist in Oakland , California , has proposed just that . In a widely circulated essay in Yes ! Magazine , Davis argues that Ferguson , Missouri , needs a truth and reconciliation commission on extrajudicial violence against African-Americans -- and that America does , too . You can hear the objections already . For instance : Wo n't cataloging acts of racism from the past just make it harder for us all to get along ? But of course , racism is not only in the past . It did not end with the Thirteenth Amendment of 1865 or with the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . It is present in the acts and attitudes of many today . It is present in the institutional residue of past choices . That the phrase #BlackLivesMatter must be said says it all . The criminal justice system , the education system , the economic system and  as this year 's so-white Oscars remind us  the pop culture system -- all of them value black lives , black voices and black experience less than fully . We must all face that fact . There 's also this objection to a commission : that by racializing everything it would basically be racist . Consider the words of Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts , who , arguing against affirmative action , once wrote that " -LSB- t -RSB- he way to stop discrimination on the basis of race is to stop discrimination on the basis of race . " This tidy tautology flattens out history . It obliterates the difference between injury and remedy . It wants to rush us along to a "  colorblindness " that our society has n't yet earned and perhaps should n't even seek as an ideal . As a Chinese American , I am an inheritor of what white people wrote in the Constitution and what they did to subvert it . I am the beneficiary of what black people and people of every color have done to redeem the Constitution . I am sometimes the object of a presumption that yellow people are presumed foreign until proven otherwise . I own the good , the bad and the ugly of this country . None of this is neat . None of it is colorblind either . Ultimately the deepest objection to a racial truth and reconciliation process in America is that it would be hard . Hard to start and to finish . We Americans can be a bit lazy when it comes to messy civic and historical truths . We want our stories -- and our Story -- to have happy endings . We want reconciliation on the cheap . But the point of MLK Day , and of MLK 's entire life , is that true redemption is never cheap or easy . So to honor him truly , let 's commit to what 's hard . Whether through official commissions or citizen conversations , let 's face ourselves .	Eric Liu : MLK lesson for all of us is that true redemption is never cheap or easy Liu : Post-Ferguson , we 're still divided by color ; it 's time for reconciliation
A California man is accused of raping a woman he met on a Christian dating website -- and police fear there may be other victims . Sean Banks , 37 , met the victim on the matchmaking website Christianmingle.com , where he went by the user name "  Raritiy , " La Mesa Police said in a statement . Banks used three additional online identities -- "  Rylan , " "  Rylan Butterwood " and "  Rylan Harbough " -- and police said they are concerned "  there may have been more cases with other women . " ChristianMingle touts a safety section that includes a warning to avoid contact with members who can not take "  no " for an answer . The site is cooperating with the investigation , CNN affiliate KSWB reported . Banks was arrested February 11 and has been booked on two rape charges in the incident as well as one count of residential burglary , police said . He has pleaded not guilty and is free on his own recognizance after posting $ 500,000 bail . Who 's who on the Internet ? Who knows	The suspect went by various user names on Christianmingle.com The suspect posted bail and is free on his own recognizance
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- The global stock sell-off that began Friday on the back of worse than expected U.S. unemployment data rolled into Asia trade on Monday morning , as stocks opened sharply lower . The euro continued its downward slide . It was trading at $ 1.19 on Monday morning after falling below $ 1.20 for the first time in four years on Friday . Traders consider the $ 1.20 mark a key technical level for the euro . "  It 's a pretty big line in the sand , and you do n't want to cross it , " Phil Streible , a senior market strategist with futures broker Lind-Waldock , told CNNMoney . Monday 's stock sell-off was led by the Nikkei 225 , which was down more than 4 percent near the end of morning trading on Monday . The Hang Seng Index in Hong Kong , the Kospi Composite index in Seoul and the S&P / ASX200 in Sydney were all down more than 2.5 percent in morning trading . Markets plummeted on Friday after a monthly U.S. jobs report said employers added 431,000 jobs in May , below the expected increase of 500,000 . Euro jitters continued with fresh concerns that Hungary will join the growing list of European countries saddled by debt . The markets were spooked after Peter Szijjarto , a spokesman for Prime Minister Viktor Orban , was quoted by news agencies as saying Hungary 's economy was in a grave situation and that a default was possible .	Asia markets opened sharply lower Monday morning Continues sell-off that began on Wall Street on Friday Euro was trading at $ 1.19 Monday morning Comes amid U.S. jobs data and worries about Hungary
PARIS , France  CNN  -- France is sending four state police units to its overseas department of Guadeloupe after a month of sometimes violent demonstrations , Interior Minister Michele Alliot-Marie said Thursday . French gendarmes face-off against Guadeloupe protesters . "  The pillaging ... the violence against people , are not tolerable and will not be tolerated , " Alliot-Marie told the French radio station RTL . "  It 's no longer simply a question of containing the protests . ... This mission of honor will continue to be undertaken , but we also have to fight against the violence . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy planned to meet with elected officials from overseas departments , including Guadeloupe , Thursday afternoon , his office announced . A general strike over low wages and living conditions in the Caribbean island has included demonstrations and clashes with police . At least one civilian has been killed in the riots , officials said . Hospitals and emergency services continue to function and the main international airport is open , but petrol stations , schools , and most businesses -- including supermarkets and car rental offices -- are closed , the British Foreign Office said in a travel advisory . Hotels are open , but the strike is causing daily cuts to electricity and water supplies , the Foreign Office said . French Prime Minister Francois Fillon said Thursday he is ready to approve a compromise that would give nearly a $ 200  $ 254  monthly supplement to workers in Guadeloupe with low-paying jobs . "  This crisis is serious , and profound , but it 's not new , " Fillon said , adding that it 's linked to "  the lifelessness of the economy in the Antilles , aggravated by the global economic crisis . " Sending supplementary police forces is justified , Fillon said , because "  we can not accept what has happened " in the department . He was referring to the attacks on businesses , the roadblocks in the streets and above all , the death of the civilian , who he said was a union leader . Agence France-Presse identified the victim as union representative Jacques Bino . He was shot dead Tuesday night when he drove past a roadblock manned by armed youths in the city of Pointe-a-Pitre . His car was hit three times by shotgun fire , prosecutors told AFP . Three police who accompanied emergency services trying to help the dying man were lightly wounded , officials said , according to AFP . Speaking with RTL on Wednesday , one demonstrator denied he was fanning the flames of unrest . "  We have always called for calm , " Elie Domota , leader of the Coalition against Exploitation , said . "  We have told the young people to go to their homes and continue to protest peacefully , but the police yesterday beat protesters and called them racist names , so the situation escalated . " CNN 's Alanne Orjoux in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report	French police reinforcements being posted to Guadeloupe Island wracked by a month of sometimes violent protests over living conditions Protest leader denies encouraging violence Guadeloupe is French overseas territory
CNN  -- Tire talk may be dominating the 2013 Formula One championship but Italian manufacturer Pirelli insists they are not to blame for the dangerous blow-outs that compromised driver safety at the British Grand Prix . Pirelli attracted more media attention after the race at Silverstone , England than Nico Rosberg , who won the race for Mercedes Sunday . But despite facing intense scrutiny the Italian company say it was how the teams chose to use the tires that led to the rubber unraveling on six cars , including Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton -- who led the race early on -- and both Ferraris . "  A series of different causes led to the tire failures at Silverstone , " said Pirelli in a statement . "  Rear tires mounted the wrong way round ... In other words , the right-hand tire being placed where the left-hand one should be and vice versa on the cars that suffered failures . "  Low tire pressures , extreme cambers -LSB- the angle at which the tire slants away from the car -RSB- and high kerbs ... Such as that on Turn Four at Silverstone which was the scene of most of the failures . "  The 2013 tires do not compromise safety if used in the correct way . " The drivers and teams had called for urgent action after the dramatic scenes at Silverstone and the sport 's governing body responded immediately by amending its rules which prevent race drivers testing and tires being changed during the season . The FIA have decided to turn a three-day test for young drivers at Silverstone later this month into a tire development test involving the F1 teams and first-choice drivers . Pirelli has also reacted by introducing new rear tires for this weekend 's German Grand Prix at the Nurburgring . No arguments , no attacks These new tires are strengthened with Kevlar -- a high-strength , synthetic material -- instead of the steel used in the 2013 tires . The teams trialled this new rubber in Canada but failed to unanimously agree to then introduce it for the races in Montreal and Silverstone . Pirelli hope to provide a long-term solution by introducing a new range of tires from the Hungarian Grand Prix at the end of July onwards . The teams will test trial tires , which will go back to 2012 's construction , at the test in Britain between July 17-19 . "  What happened at Silverstone was completely unexpected , " said Pirelli 's motorsport director Paul Hembery . "  These incidents , which have upset us greatly , have stressed the urgency of the changes that we already suggested . "  I would like to underline the collaboration and support that we are receiving from the teams , drivers , FIA and FOM -LSB- the sport 's commercial rights holder and broadcaster -RSB- . "  In no way are we intending to create arguments or attack anybody . We have taken our responsibilities upon ourselves . " Mercedes motorsport director Toto Wolff has welcomed Pirelli 's explanation and planned changes . "  Pirelli apologised and made a clear statement that it was n't about complaining or saying that somebody else was to be blamed , " he told reporters . "  I guess Pirelli are going to be clearer in advising the teams in terms of camber , on tire pressures and on swapping the rear tyres . Most of the teams swap tyres and have been doing it for many races . "  Safety is a priority and it 's a moment where Formula 1 must show unity and concentrate on solving the issues . " Tires still a concern Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso said on the team website : "  After what we saw in Silverstone , we now go to the Nurburgring , confident we can see an improvement . "  I know that various modifications have been applied and let 's hope that means all of us drivers can race in safe conditions . "  At the moment , we ca n't make any predictions , because no one has tried them and we do n't know what and how many benefits they can bring , apart from trusting in the fact that it wo n't be dangerous to race . " But Hamilton , who lost the race lead in Britain after his left-rear tire dramatically exploded on the eighth lap of the race , warned : "  I think it 's still a concern and something where we need to see how it goes . " The fall-out from the British race means there will be regulated in-season tire testing as well as plans to introduce further testing next January . In June , Pirelli and Mercedes were reprimanded at an FIA hearing for organizing a three-day tire test in May . The German team 's "  secret " test still riles their rivals -- especially as they have since won races in Monaco and Britain -- but the shocking tire explosions at Silverstone underlined the need for Pirelli to find a legitimate solution to the tire failures . Pirelli had wanted to introduce a new tire construction at the Canadian Grand Prix in June but failed to get all the teams to agree to the plan at a meeting in Monaco . A spate of worryingly delaminations -- where the tire layers separate -- earlier in the season had led to concerns the tires were not safe . When Pirelli took over from Bridgestone as F1 's official tire supplier in 2011 , the rubber was deliberately designed to be less durable so that teams would take more pit stops and the racing would be more unpredictable . But subsequent changes to the construction of the 2013 tire , based on the same principles , have now provoked not just unpredictability but chaos on the track . The Italian company now hopes the introduction of new tires and an agreement to monitor and test the tires throughout the season , with the cooperation of the teams and the sport 's governing body , will put an end to the problems . New deal The Italian company are close to agreeing a new deal to continue as F1 's tire supplier when its current contract runs out at the end of the season . Pirelli say they now just need to secure agreement from some of the teams . Being F1 's tire supplier is an expensive business with Pirelli effectively paying to supply tires to the F1 grid in a negotiated deal which also includes track-side advertising . The teams pay a small contribution towards the rubber but the bulk of the bill for the season 's 36,000 spheres of rubber is picked up by the tire supplier . "  It 's not cheap , " said Hembery . "  I 'm sure there are quite a few teams who do n't have our overall budget to be in F1 . " The smallest teams on the grid still spend $ 52m a year running their F1 teams . "  It 's a lot of money is n't it ? " Hembery said ruefully .	Pirelli offers its explanation for tire blow-outs at British Grand Prix Tires mounted the wrong way , low tire pressure , extra camber and high kerbs to blame New rear tires introduced for German Grand Prix this week Mercedes race driver Lewis Hamilton says tires are still a concern
CNN  -- John Travolta has won again in his fight against several lawsuits related to allegations of sexual assault . Two lawsuits by two male massage therapists who claimed sexual battery were dismissed in May . And now a judge has dismissed a defamation lawsuit against Travolta and his attorney , Marty Singer . The lawsuit filed by writer Robert Randolph , who was quoted in an article and wrote a book about Travolta 's alleged sexual behavior , claims that Singer harmed him when he wrote a letter in response to the book and article , according to court documents . Lawyer : Travolta ` vindicated ' in sex suit Judge Malcolm Mackey of Los Angeles Superior Court dismissed the case Thursday because he found , in part , that the letter has free speech protection . A lawyer representing Travolta and Singer applauded the decision . "  Robert Randolph 's ridiculous lawsuit against John Travolta and his attorney Marty Singer never should have been filed , " said Lynda Goldman . "  Notwithstanding inane tabloid fodder , two individuals who sued Mr. Travolta voluntarily dismissed their cases , and Randolph 's case was dismissed by the court . Anyone else who thinks about suing Mr. Travolta should expect a similar result . " Attorneys for Randolph could not be reached for comment . Rashida Jones : Sorry for saying Travolta should ` come out '	Two other lawsuits against Travolta were dismissed in May A writer was suing Travolta for defamation "  Anyone else who thinks about suing Mr. Travolta should expect a similar result , " lawyer says
New Delhi  CNN  -- An Indian freelance journalist working for an Iranian news outlet has been arrested in connection with the bombing of an Israeli embassy car in New Delhi last month , authorities said Wednesday . The suspect has been identified as Syed Mohammad Kazmi and is being held on charges of plotting the attack , according to Ashok Chand , deputy commissioner of police . A court remanded Kazmi , 50 , in police custody for questioning , Chand told CNN . Authorities did not say which Iranian media organization Kazmi allegedly worked for . The device attached to the Israeli vehicle wounded several people when it exploded . The same day , another device was found on an Israeli Embassy car in Tbilisi , Georgia , and safety detonated . A day later , a series of bombs went off in Bangkok , Thailand . Israel has alleged that the Iran is behind the attacks , an accusation that Tehran denies .	NEW : The man is being questioned by New Delhi police The police have detained him as part of an investigation into a bombing last month A device attached to an Israel Embassy vehicle exploded , wounding several people Israel has accused Iran of being behind the attacks , a claim that Tehran denies
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Hurricane Bertha -- the first hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic season -- increased in strength Monday evening , according to the National Hurricane Center . A satellite picture from 5:45 a.m. ET Monday shows Hurricane Bertha over the Atlantic . While Bertha 's power may fluctuate over the next day , it is expected to begin gradually weakening by Wednesday , the center 's 11 p.m. ET advisory said . Bertha 's became a major -- or Category 3 -- hurricane Monday afternoon . A Category 3 has wind speeds of 111 to 130 mph . As of 11 p.m. ET , Bertha was 695 miles  1,115 km  east-northeast of the northern Leeward Islands and about 1,085 miles  1,745 km  southeast of Bermuda . The eye was moving toward the west-northwest at about 12 mph . Its maximum sustained winds were clocked at 120 mph  195 km/hr  , up from the 115 mph mentioned in a 5 p.m. advisory . The hurricane is expected to turn to the northwest and decrease its forward speed in the next 24 to 48 hours , the center said . There is a very small chance Bertha will make landfall in the United States . Bermuda could be affected by the hurricane this weekend . See Bertha 's projected path " "  It is still way too soon to determine whether or not Bertha will affect Bermuda , " the center said . The storm formed Thursday in the far eastern Atlantic , off the coast of Africa , near the southern Cape Verde Islands . It strengthened into a hurricane early Monday . Learn more about hurricanes " The first tropical storm of the season , Arthur , formed May 31 near the coast of Belize and dumped heavy rain on Central America and southern Mexico .	NEW : Bertha 's winds increase from 115 mph to 120 mph Bermuda could be affected by the hurricane this weekend Likelihood of storm making landfall in U.S. is very small Bertha is the first hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season
CNN  -- One is a hip-hop superstar and music mogul who dazzles audiences with his lyrical prowess , the other is a gregarious golfer who fights with the world 's best to sink balls in the fewest shots . Their professions may be world 's apart but rapper Sean "  P Diddy " Combs and Ian Poulter have more in common than first meets the eye . That 's because Combs and Poulter -- who are both ferocious self-publicists , lovers of the high life and boast their own clothing lines -- are two examples of celebrities building business around their personalities . "  Brand Poulter " may have some way to go to match the Combs empire -- which includes a record label , restaurants and advertising operations worth $ 475 million according to Forbes Magazine -- but his entrepreneurial endeavour is showing promise . "  Poulter is a fascinating character , who 's developed his brand in a very interesting and idiosyncratic way , " said Gary Firkins , managing director of golf PR firm Landmark Media . For a player who is ranked 16 in the world and who has never won a major championship , the 35 year old has over a million followers on Twitter ; a following which has led industry experts to call him golf 's "  biggest brand " outside of Tiger Woods , who has only 750 , 000 followers . " -LSB- Via Twitter -RSB- the strength of his personality is allowed to shine through , and people feel like they know him , " Firkins added . Poulter 's clothing label , IJP Design , launched in 2007 . And while it 's yet to return a profit , the residual benefits to the Englishman 's celebrity have been obvious . "  I always wanted to have my own fashion line , " Poulter told CNN . "  My mum worked in the fashion industry , and one of my first jobs was selling clothes on a market stall . "  You definitely need to have an interest in what you wear and what looks good . My philosophy has always been ` look good , play great ' -- it may not matter so much to others , but it works for me . " Poulter 's style is not to everybody 's taste . At the 2004 British Open , he wore a pair of union jack trousers and a backwards flat cap . The following year his trousers were emblazoned with the tournament 's famous trophy -- the sacred Claret Jug . It was the marriage of loud clothes and strutting confidence that earned Poulter the "  peacock " tag he resents to this day , and helped make him one of golf 's most divisive personalities . He did n't help his cause with a rather bold claim in January 2008 . "  I have n't played to my full potential and when that happens , it will be just me and Tiger  Woods  , " Poulter said . To some it was arrogance , to others a refreshing moment of honesty . But , like his choice of trousers , everybody in golf was talking about it . "  In a world where athletes are so closely managed , Poulter brings a heart-on-the-sleeve honesty that appeals to people , " said Firkins . "  He 's allowed to express himself , and in this internet age -- where people demand openness and honesty , he very much suits the culture . People respond to him . " It is on the internet that Poulter is concentrating much of his marketing effort -- with the launch of a web site home for the "  pro golfer , fashion designer and personality , " and a Twitter account with 1.1 million followers . In golfing circles , only 2009 British Open champion Stewart Cink has bigger numbers on Twitter  1.2 million  , while P Diddy has 3.5 million followers . "  I love Twitter as it allows me to give my fans an inside view to what 's going on in my world , " Poulter said . "  It does n't matter if its video or pictures or just 140 characters , it 's a great way to give some insight into my life . " It is a colorful life that Poulter spends between Milton Keynes and Florida these days -- one that allows him to indulge his passions for football and basketball , with regular trips to watch Arsenal and the Orlando Magic . And then there 's his collection of luxury cars to maintain . Poulter 's garage boasts a Bentley Continental GT , a Ford GT , Nissan GTR , an Aston Martin DB9 and a Mercedes Benz GT -- to name but a few . When you factor in time for his family -- Poulter is married to Katie and has three children -- it is maybe not surprising he is regularly asked if he gives enough time to the sport that made it all possible . "  You ca n't hit golf balls 24/7 , you need some kind of a life , " Poulter said . "  I have that with my other interests . I get 26 weeks off a year and there is enough time in a day to enjoy many interests . " On the course , Poulter 's most notable successes have come in the Ryder Cup . Three times he 's represented Europe in the biennial match against the United States , winning eight of his 11 matches and endearing himself to millions in the process . The closest he came to winning a major championship was a runners-up finish in 2008 , but that has n't stopped his global brand reaching an appeal far in excess of all but one of the active players who 've managed the feat . "  You only have to see the ticket sales when Poulter plays in a tournament to see the power of his brand , " said Neil Gray , of golf marketing firm GMS . "  From our perspective in England , the only brand bigger in golf right now is Tiger Woods . "	Golfer Ian Poulter turned professional in 1995 , and has won 10 European Tour events He 's also represented Europe at the Ryder Cup three teams , in 2004 , 2006 and 2010 In 2007 Poulter launched his own clothing label , fulfilling a lifetime ambition With over 1.1 million fans on Twitter , he 's been labeled golf 's second biggest brand
TIME.com  -- Chances are you read this sentence about yawning and you yawned . Right ? Well , a new study suggests that you may not really be yawning because it 's contagious , or you 're bored or tired . You 're actually yawning because your brain is too hot . A group of researchers at the University of Vienna tested subjects in Austria and Arizona and tracked their activity , finding that that the only significant predicator of yawning was temperature : subjects were much more likely to yawn at higher temperatures . TIME : E-cigs still produce carcinogens Other factors like sex , season , age , humidity , time spent outside , and hours of sleep the night before did not have a significant effect on the likelihood of a subject 's yawning . Ultimately , it appears that yawning is related to regulating brain temperature and creating a state where arousal in a yawner can be achieved . TIME : Science says stress is contagious The idea is that if it 's hot , but still cool enough so that a large intake of air will bring your body temperature down , you 're in perfect storm territory for yawns . TIME : Carbon pollution could make your food less healthy	A new study suggests we yawn because our brains get too hot Researchers at the University of Vienna tested subjects in Austria and Arizona Sex , season , age , humidity , time spent outside , and amount of sleep did not have an effect
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Allegations that Blackwater USA -- whose operations were suspended after 20 Iraqi civilians were shot to death last weekend -- was "  in any way associated or complicit in unlawful arms activities are baseless , " the company asserted Saturday . Blackwater employees patrol Baghdad by air in a February 2005 photograph . Federal prosecutors are investigating allegations that employees of Blackwater illegally purchased weapons and sold them in Iraq , according to U.S. government sources . A U.S. government official has said the U.S. attorney 's office in Raleigh , North Carolina , is in the early stages of an investigation that focuses on individual company employees , and not the firm . Blackwater , which is based in Moyock , North Carolina , is a security firm hired by the State Department to guard U.S. staff in Iraq . "  The company has no knowledge of any employee improperly exporting weapons , " the Blackwater statement said . "  When it was uncovered internally that two employees were stealing from the company , Blackwater immediately fired them and invited the ATF to conduct a thorough investigation . " Watch a report on Blackwater 's response to the allegations " The first public hint that an investigation was under way came earlier this week in a statement from State Department Inspector General Howard Krongard after he was accused of blocking fraud investigations in Afghanistan and Iraq . Krongard said the State Department has been cooperating with the prosecutors in the Blackwater probe . "  In particular , I made one of my best investigators available to help assistant U.S. attorneys in North Carolina in their investigation into alleged smuggling of weapons into Iraq by a contractor , " Krongard 's statement said . Blackwater resumed normal security operations in Iraq on Friday , the State Department said , after a brief hiatus following the lethal incident last Sunday . The Iraqi government was outraged by the shootings and disputes the U.S. and Blackwater 's claim that the guards were responding to an attack . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elise Labott and Kelli Arena contributed to this report .	Two employees bought , sold weapons on their own , company says Company fired workers , turned them in to ATF , says source Feds investigating claims Blackwater employees made illegal arms deals Blackwater in spotlight after shootings last weekend that killed 20 Iraqis
CNN  -- A 16-year-old girl pleads with her parents not to barter her into a marriage . Komol , from India , dreamed of continuing her education , going to college and providing a better life for her parents . But what she wanted counted little . She became pregnant with her first child at age 16 , in a marriage she did not want . "  Since then , I have hardly ever been allowed to step out of the house , " Komol was reported as saying , in a United Nations Population Fund report released Wednesday . "  Sometimes , when the others are not at home , I read my old school books , and hold my baby and cry . " "  She is such an adorable little girl , but I am blamed for not having a son . " One in every five girls  about 19 %  gives birth before she turns 18 in developing countries , according to the report . Of the 7.3 million girls who give birth every year , 2 million of them are under the age of 14 . The report states that pregnancies -- especially for these girls -- "  are not the result of a deliberate choice " but rather "  the result of an absence of choices and of circumstances beyond a girl 's control , " affecting their health , education and future job opportunities . "  For these very young adolescents who do not have a say in whether or when they will become pregnant , their futures are destroyed , and their basic human rights are violated , " said Dr. Babatunde Osotimehin , the executive director of the United Nations Population Fund in an e-mail . Countries with the highest percentage of reported births before age 18 were mostly in West Africa , in countries such as Niger  51 %  , Chad  48 %  , Mali  46 %  and Guinea  44 %  . Globally , adolescent births are declining . But they are increasing in three regions -- South Asia , sub-Saharan Africa and Latin America . How it relates to child marriages Underlying factors for early pregnancies include poverty , sexual violence , lack of access to reproductive health and education , and child marriages . In some countries , girls are used as bargaining chips to strengthen alliances , pay family debts , leading to child marriages . Families "  may want to divest themselves of the burden of having a girl , " said the report . "  In extreme cases , they may want to earn money by selling the girl . " This could stem from poverty , pressures from their communities , partners and even their own families . Police : Mom sold daughters ' virginity Despite near-universal commitments to end child marriages , one in three girls in developing countries is married before age 18 , according to the report . In Bangladesh , Chad and Niger , more than one in three girls is married before she turns 15 . Niger has the highest child marriage rate and adolescent birth rate , according to the annual report . Why young pregnancies are so dangerous Every year , 70,000 girls die from causes related to pregnancy and childbirth , according to UNICEF . They may lack proper nutrition or health care . And girls who are pregnant at age 15 or younger are also at higher risk for eclampsia  seizures  , anemia , postpartum hemorrhage and puerperal endometritis  uterine infection  . Girls who are not fully physically developed are at risk for prolonged labor , which could result in obstetric fistula . This condition , marked by a hole in the birth canal , usually results in the death of the baby and makes the mother incontinent . It 's not just developing countries ... While the vast majority of teenage pregnancies happen in the developing world , the developed world is not immune to such issues . About 5 % of teenage births  680,000 out of 13.1 million  occur in developed countries . The United States leads the developed world in teenage births . But teen pregnancy rates there are declining ; in 2011 , the number of babies born to women aged 15 to 19 was at a record low , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Rural America has a teen pregnancy problem Even in countries with low teenage births , ethnic minorities and marginalized groups grapple with socio-economic issues leading to early pregnancies . In Serbia , the teenage birth rate among the Roma minority is more than six times the national average . In Bulgaria , half of Roma girls give birth before turning 18 , highlighting the problems of exclusion , child marriage and lack of reproductive health care . What needs to change ? Pregnancy prevention campaigns are aimed at changing girls ' behaviors , implicitly blaming the girl for pregnancies at a young age , according to the report . "  Such approaches and thinking are misguided because they fail to account for the circumstances and societal pressures that conspire against adolescent girls and make motherhood a likely outcome of their transition from childhood to adulthood , " wrote Osotimehin . The report makes recommendations to "  build girls ' human capital " and offer "  opportunities so that motherhood is not seen as their only destiny . " It cited a study that found when Kenyan schools began providing children with uniforms free of charge , the dropout rate decreased by 18 % and pregnancy rates fell 17 % , showing that access to education was an effective tool . In Guatemala , Mayans are the country 's most disadvantaged group , with problems of child marriage . A support network for rural Mayan girls provided safe space and taught leadership skills . Results showed girls in the program stayed in school and had much lower pregnancy rates than the national average .	One in five girls gives birth before turning 18 , says U.N. agency report Factors : Child marriages , poverty , community pressures Young pregnancies pose serious health risks for girls Executive director of UNFPA says girls ' human rights violated
CNN  -- Jason Collins became the first openly gay man to play in the NBA on Sunday night , wearing a Brooklyn Nets uniform in a game against the Los Angeles Lakers . Collins , who lives in Los Angeles , signed a 10-day contract with the Nets on Sunday . He entered the game with 10:28 left in the second quarter , receiving a round of applause from the L.A. crowd at the Staples Center . Brooklyn won the game 108-102 , and Collins played 11 minutes , not scoring any points but pulling down two rebounds and making one steal . When Collins took the court , he became the first openly gay athlete in any of the major American team sports -- baseball , football , basketball and hockey . But in a post-game interview , Collins talked like a jock , not a history maker . "  It felt fun , " Collins said . "  It felt good to get back out there on the court . " "  Jason told us that his goal was to earn another contract with an NBA team . Today , I want to commend him on achieving his goal , " said NBA Commissioner Adam Silver . "  I know everyone in the NBA family is excited for him and proud that our league fosters an inclusive and respectful environment . " Last year , the center , who was a free agent at the time , made the disclosure about his sexuality in an April column that appeared in Sports Illustrated magazine . "  I did n't set out to be the first openly gay athlete playing in a major American team sport . But since I am , I 'm happy to start the conversation . I wish I was n't the kid in the classroom raising his hand and saying , ` I 'm different . ' If I had my way , someone else would have already done this . Nobody has , which is why I 'm raising my hand , " he wrote . Collins , 35 , is a big , end-of-bench bruiser who can harangue opposing centers . Over 12 seasons , he has a career average of 3.6 points per game , and he has n't averaged more than 2 points a games since his 2006-07 season as a Net when the team called New Jersey home . Collins received a congratulatory tweet from Michael Sam , the all-American football player from the University of Missouri who recently came out . Sam tweeted , "  Congratulations to my friend @jasoncollins34 - excited to see you do work out there #Brooklyn . " Collins said he did n't expect to create such media stir in the coming games . "  There 's only so many questions you guys can ask , " he said .	Collins makes his first appearance of season in Nets game against the Lakers NBA Commissioner : "  I know everyone in the NBA family is excited for him and proud " He made the disclosure about his sexuality in a column that appeared in Sports Illustrated Collins played 11 minutes and did n't score as the Nets defeated the Lakers
Scott Stapp , the lead singer of the band Creed , revealed he was living in a Holiday Inn and "  penniless " in a nearly 16-minute Facebook video post early Wednesday morning . Stapp , who earned worldwide fame in the late '90s and early 2000s with songs like "  With Arms Wide Open " and "  Higher , " alleged he was under "  some kind of vicious attack " because the funds in his bank accounts were stolen by people he knows or frozen by the IRS . In the video , he detailed how he had to sleep in his truck for a couple of weeks and , at one point , did n't have enough money to eat for two days . "  I ca n't sit back anymore and allow this to continue and allow my children to be embarrassed and humiliated by the action of others , " he said . At the end , he urged fans who can offer their legal services to contact him so he can get back on track . According to TMZ , a representative for the Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office conducted a wellness check last week with Stapp and his wife and found no cause for concern . The Grammy winner has battled with alcohol and drug addiction in the past , but assures viewers he has not relapsed and has "  rededicated my life to Christ . "	The lead singer of Creed revealed financial woes on Facebook He attributes his lack of funds to a "  vicious attack " by people he knows At the end of the video , he asks fans for legal help to get his money back
Good people , not to mention good tippers , do exist . Christina Summitt knows that for sure now after what happened Saturday night . The paw-print tattoo on Summitt 's wrist often leads to conversations with strangers about her love of animals ; she 's a volunteer with a pit bull rescue group and spends lots of time finding homes for animals of all kinds . While tending bar at the Holiday Inn in Clinton , New Jersey , Summitt got to chatting with a friendly couple before the night got busy . The man asked her if she had dogs of her own ; she confided that her "  baby , " a Great Dane-black Labrador mix named Tucker , was at the veterinary hospital after having emergency surgery hours earlier after he swallowed a hard plastic ball . She was worried about him . The man said something about surgery being expensive . She confided the estimate was around $ 2,700 , but she would do whatever she had to do for the dog , whom she adopted in 2011 . Summitt , 37 , works three jobs -- full-time as a chef at the hotel , Saturdays as a bartender , and as a food prep worker two days a week at a deli in her town . Her husband works full-time and Summitt has three stepchildren . The couple ordered drinks and dinner at the bar . When it was time to close out their $ 80 tab , the man filled out the receipt with a tip -- for $ 1,000 . Summitt said she started shaking and crying . She showed the bill to her sister , who tends bar with her , to make sure she was seeing three zeros after the 1 . "  I went back over and said ` Sir , I can not accept this , what is this for , why would you do this ? ' " she said . He told her to put it toward Tucker 's medical costs . "  I just stood there in shock . I walked around and hugged this couple . They said , ` We 'll be praying for Tucker . ' " Hotel manager Michelle Satanik told CNN she followed up with her comptroller and also tracked down the customer this week to verify that the gesture was legitimate . CNN has attempted to contact the generous tipper through Summitt , who kept his name anonymous for his privacy . "  Apparently this man does this quite frequently . Just a really nice guy and humanitarian , " Satanik said . "  I have never ever seen a $ 1,000 tip like that . " Summitt shared the story on Facebook and CNN iReport with a photo of the credit card slip and a picture of Tucker being held by her 16-year-old stepson before they left the dog at the hospital for surgery . A Facebook page she follows called "  Why Bartenders and Servers Hate People " reposted the story on Easter Sunday with this caption : "  This is a place for us to vent but every so often , especially on holidays , we have to be thankful for the amazing customers that are out there . " Summitt says she 's since gotten messages of support from all over the world . "  I would also love nothing more than to publicly thank this couple in front of the world . I 've never seen a random act give so many people so much hope , " she wrote . Tucker is recovering at home .	A customer left Christina Summitt a $ 1,000 tip He told her to put it toward her dog 's surgery "  Good people do exist , " Summitt said
CNN  In June of 1960 , my father was a 14-year-old Cuban boy with a round-trip airline ticket from Havana to Madrid , Spain . He spent the summer with family in Spain while Cuba fell deeper and deeper into Fidel Castro 's revolution . He did n't realize the extent to which his life back home was quickly crumbling and that the winds of revolution were about to change his life forever . At the end of that summer , my grandfather told his son that he would not be coming home ; that he should stay in Spain and wait for the rest of the family to join him . It was a long wait . It would take my grandfather more than 10 years to get out of Cuba . I 've always wondered if that summer vacation was part of my grandfather 's plan to make sure that my father would not be trapped in socialist Cuba . Maybe if my father had known he was n't coming back home , he would have put up a fight to stay in Havana . My mother recently found that unused airline ticket sitting in a box of my father 's things . The ticket to a flight that never happened is a heartbreaking slice of family history still frozen in time . For many Americans , the reaction to the news that the United States and Cuba have announced plans to normalize relations was , "  It 's about time . " For many Americans , Cuba is nothing more than a forbidden playground with cigars , rum , beautiful beaches and baseball players . They want to experience a taste of this island trapped in time . They want to see the classic American cars rolling through the streets of Old Havana . To the families of Cuban exiles , the island is much more . It 's a complex and sad reality . Cuba is not a novelty or an unchecked box on a bucket list . Cuba is the rhythmic heartbeat of a life lost long ago but still beating in our souls . Castro 's revolution split my family apart like so many others . I still have extended family in Cuba . I 've had only a few chances to spend time with them .  I 've worked as a journalist twice in Cuba , covering Pope John Paul II 's visit in 1998 and former President Jimmy Carter 's visit in 2002 .  I 'm the only person in my family who has traveled to Cuba since most of my family left . All my life , I 've wondered if this historic moment would ever come in my lifetime . In my mind , it was supposed to be a moment like the Berlin Wall coming down ; a highly anticipated event the world would watch together . But instead , the news seemed to come out of thin air on the week before Christmas . Unexpected and unpredictable , that 's the way it always seems to be with Cuba . Hard times for ordinary Cubans With normalized relations , many people want to see a boom of foreign investment , led by Americans flocking to a place that 's been locked behind the gates of the Cold War for more than 50 years . But I ask you to understand , as best as I can explain , the fear and apprehension this news means to many Cuban exiles . People often tell me that they 'd love to travel to Cuba because it seems like such a fun place . I tell them of my uncle who , well into his old age , would wake up at 4 in the morning to get in line for a ration of bread . I remember the first time I visited Cuba , I watched my uncle come home with a piece of bread that had more in common with a hockey puck . I could n't believe that my elderly uncle would wake up every morning to stand in line for that . People often tell me they want to walk the streets of Old Havana and see the crumbling buildings . I tell them of the countless young girls who work as "  jineteras " -- slang for Cuban prostitutes -- to help earn money for their families who live crammed inside those walls . It 's sickening to think that so many men from around the world come to Cuba for just this reason . These are the kinds of things Cuban exile families think about when they think of Cuba . It 's overwhelming sadness . There 's a very privileged class in Cuba . The families of those in power live a life that rivals that of the most comfortable Americans . So when Cuban exiles hear of normalizing relations , they worry that it 's Cuba 's privileged class that will benefit the most at the expense of ordinary Cubans . Fear that the status quo will prevail Many Cuban exiles feel that the Castro regime has won the war for more than 50 years and that normalizing relations is another victory for a corrupt and evil dictatorship . "  They always win " is a common sentiment among Cuban exiles who have such a distrust of the Castro regime . Many exiles fear a wrong move will provide another victory for a dictatorship that took so much from them . For more than 50 years , Cuba 's story has surprised and saddened many exiles and their families , and we ca n't help but fear history will repeat itself . We see family and friends left behind on the island who 've spent decades fighting and scraping for the most meager of lives . "  No es facil , " said President Obama , the Spanish phrase often used to describe life in Cuba . It translates to life "  is not easy . " And that 's putting it mildly . Perhaps it 's inevitable that U.S. and other foreign investment will swoop into Cuba one day . Maybe it 's just a matter of time before a McDonald 's restaurant sits on the Malecon , Havana 's famous oceanfront boulevard just 90 miles from South Florida . Or maybe Americans will rush in to buy up oceanfront property with amazing views on the most beautiful beaches of Cuba . But I ask you this : What kind of view will ordinary Cubans get ? My father did n't live long enough to see this moment . My grandparents are n't here to see it either . And most in my family have mixed emotions about what this will really mean . This Christmas , we 'll argue about it over black beans and rice and roasted pork . The children of Cuban exiles , like me , all dream of walking the streets of Cuba with our parents and grandparents to finally feel that rhythmic beat of our Cuban soul that still sits in our hearts .	Many Americans see Cuba as a playground of cigars , rum , beautiful beaches and baseball But the Cuban revolution broke up families , and there 's a big gap between nation 's rich and poor Some fear that any foreign investment in Cuba wo n't benefit ordinary Cubans Many exiles feel that normalizing relations is another victory for a corrupt and evil dictatorship
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- One of two doctors charged with conspiring to furnish drugs to Anna Nicole Smith before her fatal overdose in 2007 surrendered to authorities and was jailed Monday , authorities said . Anna Nicole Smith 's boyfriend Howard K. Stern was among those charged last week . Dr. Khristine Eroshevich surrendered at the Van Nuys , California , jail , said police and jail officials . Bail was set at $ 20,000 , but Eroshevich had not posted bail as of Monday afternoon . Eroshevich was charged last week along with Howard K. Stern , Smith 's longtime partner and attorney ; and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor . Stern and Kapoor were arrested and released from a Los Angeles County jail Thursday night after each posted a $ 20,000 bond . All three are charged with eight felonies , including conspiring to furnish controlled substances , unlawfully prescribing a controlled substance and obtaining fraudulent prescriptions from June 2004 through January 2007 , only weeks before Smith 's death . Kapoor and Eroshevich were also charged with obtaining a prescription for opiates by "  fraud , deceit or misrepresentation . " And each was charged with one count of obtaining a prescription for opiates by giving a false name or address , prosecutors said . "  Anna was the center of a cruel tabloid feeding frenzy , " Eroshevich 's attorney , Adam Braun , told CNN in a statement Monday . "  In the face of this , Dr. Eroshevich did her best to help the patient while protecting what little privacy Anna had left . Any actions were done with the patient 's well-being in mind and were certainly not criminal . " California Attorney General Jerry Brown said the doctors and Stern devised a plan to use fake names so Smith could be prescribed "  thousands of pills . " The former Playboy playmate and reality TV star was drugged "  almost to the point of stupefaction , " Brown said . "  The quantity of the drugs , the variety of the drugs , the combination at any given point , and her continuing to use that -- that , to a professional , is clear evidence of addiction , " Brown said Friday . "  These cocktails of methadone and antidepressants and sleeping pills and Xanax , you put all that into a cocktail , it explodes and can cause death , injury and permanent morbidity and disability . " Brown said Stern was the "  principal enabler " in a conspiracy with two doctors for giving the "  known addict " thousands of prescription pills . Stern 's attorney Krista Barth said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Friday night that she thought Brown 's comments were prejudicial . "  I do n't think that this was something that should have been stated in a public forum , " Barth said . "  I think it 's contrary to the rules of professional conduct regarding trial publicity . And you have to wonder why such a statement was made . " Smith , 39 , was pronounced dead February 8 , 2007 , after being found unconscious in her hotel room at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and Casino near Hollywood , Florida . A coroner said she died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs . Officials said that both prescription and over-the-counter drugs were found in Smith 's system , including three antidepressant or anti-anxiety drugs . Human growth hormone and chloral hydrate , a sleep medication , were also found in toxicology tests , officials said . CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer : Doctor had "  patient 's well-being in mind , " actions "  not criminal " Khristine Eroshevich surrendered Monday and was jailed Howard K. Stern , Sandeep Kapoor , Eroshevich charged with felonies Three are accused of conspiring to furnish drugs before Smith 's death
Washington  CNN  -- Just before Lois Lerner invoked her Fifth Amendment right not to answer questions in front of a House committee investigating wrongdoing in the IRS tax-exempt office she ran , she gave an opening statement insisting her innocence . "  I have not done anything wrong . I have not broken any laws . I have not violated any IRS rules and regulations , " said Lerner at the hearing . She has since been placed on administrative leave . But that statement angered Republican House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa and others on the committee , causing him Thursday to threaten to recall Lerner and force her to answer his questions , believing she had , in fact , waived her constitutional rights . What it means to take ` The Fifth ' "  She just testified . She just waived her Fifth Amendment right to privilege , " South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy , a former federal prosecutor , said to applause during Wednesday 's hearing . "  You do n't get to tell your side of the story and then not be subjected to cross-examination . That 's not the way it works . " Issa agreed . "  After consulting with counsel , Chairman Issa has concluded that Ms. Lerner 's Fifth Amendment assertion is no longer valid . She remains under subpoena , the Committee is looking at recalling her for testimony , " Oversight committee spokeswoman Becca Glover Watkins told CNN Thursday in a statement . Issa 's office declined to explain what his counsel 's legal basis was for deciding that her Fifth Amendment assertion is no longer valid . But Democrats and several legal experts think Issa was wrong . "  I 'm surprised that chairman Issa 's taken that position , " Ranking House Oversight Committee Democrat Rep. Elijah Cummings , D-Maryland told CNN on Thursday . "  First , all the law that I 've read says that she did not waive her right . As a lawyer I do n't believe she waived her right . And I believe that we as a committee should honor one 's right , and as a matter of fact . " Some legal experts agree . "  The only true ways to "  lose " one 's rights under the Fifth Amendment are , one , for a court to find that the claimant does not have a reasonable fear of prosecution , because nothing she says could in fact become a helpful link to a prosecution , or two , to get an order of immunity that guarantees that nothing she says will in fact be used to prosecute her , " said Miguel A. Estrada , a conservative attorney who helps head the law firm Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher 's appellate and constitutional group and who was once nominated by President George W. Bush to the U.S. Court of Appeals . "  The first is unlikely here , and no one is offering to do the second . " It is true that high-profile congressional hearings are equal parts official proceeding and political spectacle . And the very act of being called to testify before Congress can create an impression of guilt in the court of public opinion , even though the congressional panel is n't issuing any kind of legal ruling . In these instances , it might be best to show up with an attorney for the benefit of appearances for the folks back at home watching on television , but plead the "  Fifth " on sticky legal questions . But even in front of Congress , experts say , a witness does n't necessarily lose Fifth Amendment protections by speaking first . "  One can invoke the Fifth Amendment at any time . Giving a preamble or any kind of statement does n't void that , " said Gloria J. Browne-Marshall , an associate professor who teaches constitutional law at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York . "  Now does it look suspicious ? Yes . Does it undermine the person 's credibility ? Yes . " Former Enron CEO Kenneth Lay , former lobbyist Jack Abramoff , retired Lt. Col. Oliver North , baseball player Mark McGwire and White House party crashers Tareq and Michaele Salahi all invoked Fifth Amendment privilege before Congress due to concerns that anything they may have said could have been used against them in court . And , like Lerner , many of them offered some type of statement before or after taking The Fifth . "  I think what she did was unconventional , " said Samidh Guha , a former federal prosecutor who now practices at the law firm Akin , Gump , Strauss , Hauer & Feld LLP . "  But it 's hyper technical to say she waived her Fifth Amendment privilege . " CNN 's Dana Bash and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	Lawmakers , constitutional scholars debate whether Lois Learner waived the "  Fifth " GOP , some attorneys say rights were waived when she gave statement of innocence Democrats , many constitutional law experts say right not to self-incriminate stands Lerner was placed on administrative leave Thursday
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. officials used Cyber Monday to announce court orders shutting down 150 domain names of commercial websites they say were selling "  many millions " of dollars worth of counterfeit goods . Sports jerseys and uniforms , DVDs , shoes and handbags , golf sets and exercise equipment were among the more popular purchases of "  knock off " versions of name brand products , officials said . Investigations show the majority of those engaged in defrauding rights-holding companies and consumers are from China , but the phony goods are also produced in other countries , according to top law enforcement officials . The officials say they conduct undercover purchases with the help of legitimate rights holders to confirm the goods are bogus . They acknowledge the operators of the websites are beyond the reach of U.S. agents , and when the sites selling counterfeit goods are shut down , the same criminal enterprises sometimes simply change domain names and continue to prey on customers . The Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency , the FBI and U.S. attorney offices cooperated in the investigation , dubbed Operation In Our Sites . This marked the second annual Cyber Monday crackdown . Last year , the government shut down 80 websites . "  We will not tolerate those who seek to profit by abusing the Internet and stealing intellectual property at the expense of authors , artists , and inventors , " said Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer . Breuer and ICE Director John Morton said that despite the challenges , increased international cooperation is helping to wage war on the theft of intellectual property . The operation they announced Monday is designed in part to educate consumers to be wary of websites that appear to be offering name brand products at substantially reduced prices . Authorities say they are unable to provide estimates of losses from cyber criminals , but are concerned that some of the millions of dollars in proceeds may end up in the hands of organized crime . The government places banners on the seized websites explaining why they were shut down . Last year , the banners registered 77 million hits , so authorities are hopeful public awareness of the criminal nature of the problem is increasing . "  This is simply downright theft , " Morton said . Beyond clothing and electronic knock-offs , he said , officials are especially worried about the threat to safety and health when counterfeit goods involve such things as air bags , drugs , car batteries and engine parts . "  If the price is too good to be true , it probably is , " said Morton , who added consumers can help themselves by being on the lookout for misleading labels and spelling errors to avoid getting ripped off . CNN 's Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	"  Many millions " of dollars worth of counterfeit goods were being sold , officials say Officials : Most of the goods designed to rope in unwary consumers are from China Assistant attorney general : "  We will not tolerate those who seek to profit by abusing the Internet "
Jason Griffin straps his right arm in bandages , preparing himself to grip the reins of a wildly bucking bronco . Tall , broad-shouldered , with a rough beard , he steps into his cowboy boots , fits a Stetson hat and heads out to meet his mount in the rodeo arena . Griffin is a four-time world champion bareback bucking horse rider -- competing in a sport that began in the 19th century heyday of the Wild West . With each victory -- he has also won three all-round rodeo championships -- the Texan raises awareness of a strong tradition which is rarely seen in the many novels , films and television series dedicated to the tales of the old West : The historic story of America 's black cowboys . On cinema screens and paperback covers , the cowboys of old were heroic , hard-bitten and -- almost always -- white . In reality , the American West of the 1800s was traversed by an assortment of black , white , Mexican and Native American cattle hands . Contemporary records are rare but historians now estimate that up to one in four Texan cowboys was African American , while the number of Mexican cowboys was even greater . Watch online : the video trailer for the documentary "  The Forgotten Cowboys " John Ferguson and Gregg MacDonald 's documentary film -- and multimedia project -- "  The Forgotten Cowboys " follows Griffin and other contemporary black cowboys as they gain a following competing at rodeos and go about their working lives . London-based photographer Ferguson first became interested in the group 10 years ago while watching a news report in New York about local black cowboys holding a parade . His interest was immediately piqued : "  It 's really nice to find something that 's new , is n't it ? They have been around for hundreds of years , but history has forgotten about them . " Read related : ` Texas in Queens ' : Junior wranglers find refuge with black cowboys During the 17th and 18th century , many slaves were displaced from areas of Western Africa where cattle herding cultures -- as depicted in 4,000 year old cave paintings at Tassili n'Ajjer , in the south of modern-day Algeria -- had existed for millennia . But historians say that those who became cowboys in the 19th century joined a new cultural tradition -- developed in the company of their European and Native American counterparts -- with different breeds of cattle and new techniques . Life for a black cowboy was tough , explains Michael Searles , Emeritus Assistant Professor of History at Augusta State University , who has edited an anthology of writing on the subject . "  Black cowboys were sometimes expected to do ... more than their white counterpart -- in other words , some of the roughest work . " "  Breaking of stock  taming horses  and getting horses ready to ride each morning was often the work of the black cowboy -- where there were black cowboys -- and when they had to cross a swollen river to move cattle ... black cowboys were the first to cross that river . " Searles -- known to his students as Cowboy Mike -- lectures in a check shirt , bandana and ten gallon hat . He explains that life as a cowboy was still preferable to other roles given to slaves and , later , free African Americans in the South , such as picking cotton on a plantation . "  Many black cowboys , when they were slaves , were n't treated as you 'd think a traditional slave would be treated , because a cowboy needed a lot more independence , " said Searles . In America : Top-ranked polo players hail from Philadelphia 's inner city Even after the abolition of slavery , prejudice and discrimination were still common -- but black cowboys could expect a better relationship with white Americans than many . Ferguson talks about a "  cowboy code " of equal responsibility , teamwork and mutual protection binding today 's cowboys and their black and white ancestors . Mike agrees that a kind of loyalty developed between cowboys of different races -- but suggests that cowboys were initially united by necessity . "  If you 've got nine or 10 cowboys on a cattle drive , you are interdependent with the folk who are riding with you -- they can either save your life or they can let you die . "  There are times when you really need the assistance of another cowboy . That was not the place to be too prejudiced or too hostile to the cowboy riding next to you , " says Ferguson , the filmmaker . Asked how the image of the black cowboy disappeared from popular culture , Ferguson points the finger at the Western movie business of the mid-20th century . "  Hollywood played a major part in dismissing the role of black cowboys . In 99 % of Western cowboy films , there is no black cowboy . " "  America was a divided country -- segregation -- Hollywood played their part down . Compare Clint Eastwood or John Wayne to the black cowboys . It just does n't fit the image . Black cowboy . A hero . "	Photographer John Ferguson documents the lives of modern-day black cowboys Historians now estimate up to one in four cowboys in Old West were African-American Historian : The black cowboy played a crucial role in taming the American West Were cattle-herding slaves labelled "  cow-boys " where the term originated ?
CNN  Newspaper editor Benjamin C. Bradlee died in October , aged 93 . He was a giant of journalism , a real lion . In fact after Watergate and Woodward and Bernstein and the taking down of President Richard M. Nixon in the mid-1970s for corruption and subverting democracy , journalism schools in America were bursting at the seams with young would-be Woodward and Bernsteins . Bradlee and his fearless reporters launched a thousand careers -- including mine . Ben was also a friend . I met him after his glory days as Executive Editor of the Washington Post ; He in his Emeritus years and I , a galavanting foreign correspondent . I admired the heck out of him . He was mesmerizing in the sheer breadth of his knowledge and his lifetime experience . For all his achievements and accomplishments , read my friend Marilyn Berger 's definitive obituary in the New York Times . Ben was also hilarious and courtly , ribald and bawdy , handsome and craggy and full of the best stories ever . At dinner , he could conjure up a whole spellbinding era of the history he had lived and covered -- before the main course was served -- and often in French ! And that was part of his gravitational pull ; Ben embodied a different era , when top-flight journalists were the friends and counselors of presidents , as he was to John F. Kennedy . And when need be , their adversary , as with the mounting Watergate revelations . Ben defined the times when a headline , a story , a byline in the Washington Post et al , could shift history . The truth is , his reporters would have followed him through rings of fire . I consider myself unbelievably lucky to have worked for two of the great revolutionaries of our business , Ted Turner who created CNN and changed the world with 24/7 global news , and Don Hewitt , the legendary TV innovator and creator of 60 Minutes . I wish I could have worked for Ben . But perhaps I was luckier , certainly I was enormously proud , to call him my friend . Lorin Maazel A little earlier this year , renowned conductor Lorin Maazel died , aged 84 , after a long and distinguished career as Grand Maestro . While we were n't close friends , I think I can say we bonded through an extraordinary shared experience : The 2008 visit by the New York Philharmonic Orchestra to Pyongyang , North Korea . In light of the U.S. government accusing North Korea of the massive hack-attack against Sony at the end of this year , it is extraordinary to look back and reflect on a different atmosphere that existed between the two countries for a brief moment in time . Along with a large delegation of international press , I was invited to travel with the New York Philharmonic on a cultural odyssey . Maestro Maazel was thrilled ; just as ping pong diplomacy had opened the door to normalizing relations between the United States and communist China , he told me he hoped musical diplomacy could do the same with one of the last bastions of entrenched communist dictatorship . And so one freezing , sunny morning in February , a planeload of enthusiasts all landed in Pyongyang in a flourish the likes of which the government and the people had never seen . We watched as Maazel and his musicians prepped and rehearsed , gave masterclasses to some of North Korea 's top musicians , and finally delivered a bravura performance on stage at the city 's main concert hall . The audience was treated to all-American tunes by George Gershwin and the concert ended with one of Korea 's best-loved folk songs , Arirang . North Korea 's invited elite were on their feet with standing ovations . And for two countries still officially at war , since the Korean War ended only with an armistice , just imagine how it felt in that concert hall -- and for Koreans listening on radio and TV at home -- to hear both countries ' national anthems played in public on stage for the first time . Remember this was during the Bush Administration -- George W. Bush had called North Korea part of the Axis of Evil , and yet change was in the air . Away from the concert hall , I was one of a small group of journalists taken to the Yongbyon nuclear plant , where then leader Kim Jong Il had started mothballing crucial parts and freezing the weapons program . A few months later I went back to witness North Korea blow up the plant 's iconic cooling tower . It seemed Lorin Maazel and the New York Philharmonic were on to something . But shortly thereafter Kim Jong Il fell ill and died , his son Kim Jong Un came to power with a ruthless streak , a penchant for testing his nuclear weapons , and apparently capable of massive cyber attacks on America 's top companies . Lorin Maazel died without realizing this dream , but I am grateful to have been there for that brief moment in time when he brought hope and the sound of beautiful music to North Korea . Read more : Amanpour Read more : People we lost : Football legend Eusebio , by Duart Mendonca Read more : People we lost : Phil Everly , by Jonathan Hawkins Read more : People we lost : Christophe de Margerie , by John Defterios Read more : Loved ones we lost in 2014	Newspaper editor Ben Bradlee was a giant of journalism , a real lion , writes Amanpour "  He was mesmerizing in the sheer breadth of his knowledge and his lifetime experience " Conductor Lorin Maazel brought hope and the sound of beautiful music to North Korea
Connie Siskowski is helping young people who have to take care of an ill , disabled or aging family member . Through her nonprofit , the American Association of Caregiving Youth , Siskowski has provided assistance to more than 550 child caregivers in Palm Beach County , Florida . CNN asked Siskowski for her thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 . CNN : What was your reaction when you found out that you 'd been selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Connie Siskowski : It was awesome . I was so excited . We 've really been hoping that would happen . This meaningful opportunity will help us reach even more children and families , and get more support for the kids . ... It means the possibility of raising more awareness and being able to achieve our ultimate goal that no child should have to drop out of school because of caregiving responsibilities . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean to the American Association of Caregiving Youth ? Siskowski : I hope it will help people understand that the kids are a part of the health care delivery system and that they should be recognized . We 're not advocating that children should do this or be in this position , but they are . So we want to make it as safe as possible and arm them with the knowledge base that they need . This recognition  will help us continue the path that we are taking , to provide continued and expanded services locally and to replicate our work in other parts of the United States . Right now we have affiliates with signed agreements in four states , and we 're talking with others . The model is to partner with existing nonprofits who would like to reach this population of children and who 'd like to make a difference in the lives of these kids , who are in situations through no fault of their own . CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award that you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Siskowski : It will be solely used by our organization to fulfill its mission . We provide professional support to the children in school , out of school and at home . We provide tutoring  and  respite to give kids and families a break . We 've provided computer support . We do a home visit to link families to resources . We provide sponsored activities and transportation to and from them . We have a camp . So all these things work together to strengthen the child , to give them more confidence and the skills that they need to go on to become healthy , productive adults . We have lots in the hopper . We have so much to do ; we 've only scratched the surface . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Siskowski : It 's really a joy to see the lives of children and their families be transformed , and for them to know that someone out there cares about them . That it does n't take a whole lot to make a difference . And everyone can do it . The kids do n't have a voice , so they need somebody to be their voice , to be their advocate . ... When these children receive the recognition they so deserve , along with the academic and skills support they need , they are able to remain in school and have confidence in themselves and what they are doing so they can become healthy , productive adults . Plus , having the chance to participate in fun activities allows them to experience a bit of childhood otherwise lost . Read the full story on CNN Hero Connie Siskowski : Help for a ` hidden population ' of caregiving kids	Connie Siskowski was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 Her group supports young people who must provide health care for a loved one Often , the extra responsibility keeps the children from reaching their potential Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now !
CNN  -- Emergency crews called off a search in Texas for the wreckage of a C-17 transport plane after reports Monday of a possible crash proved unfounded . Callers to the Olney Police Department said they saw a low-flying plane , and a spokesman for Sheppard AFB initially reported a crash , but then retracted the report . Air Force officials said an Air Force C-17 had been flying at low altitude near Olney , but the plane returned safely to Altus Air Force Base in southwest Oklahoma . CNN 's Mike Mount and Adam Levine contributed to this story .	Emergency crews call off search for C-17 transport plane Initial Air Force reports of a crash were incorrect , Air Force spokesman says Police reported that callers said a plane was flying low to ground , then crashed
CNN  -- The death toll from Tropical Storm Agatha continued to grow Tuesday , with 152 reported killed in Guatemala , 16 in Honduras and nine in El Salvador . One-hundred people are missing in Guatemala and another 87 are injured , the nation 's emergency agency reported Tuesday . In addition , nearly 125,000 people have been evacuated and 74,000 are living in shelters , said emergency official David de Leon . The previously reported toll for Guatemala was 123 deaths , 90 people missing and 69 injured . Guatemala also is feeling the effect of the Pacaya volcano , which erupted Thursday night and continued to spew ash Tuesday . Three people were killed when they were crushed by rocks strewn by the volcano . La Aurora International Airport in Guatemala City , the nation 's capital , has been closed since Friday because of falling ash but was expected to open later Tuesday . Pacaya is located about 18 miles  30 kilometers  south of Guatemala City . Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom declared a 15-day state of calamity after the volcano eruption . Damage from Tropical Storm Agatha added to the devastation . Destruction from the storm has been widespread throughout the nation , with mudslides destroying homes and buildings and burying some victims . At least nine rivers had dramatically higher levels and 13 bridges collapsed , the emergency services agency said . In the northern part of Guatemala City , the downpour created a sinkhole the size of a street intersection . Residents told CNN that a three-story building and a house fell into the hole . Classes have been canceled this week in schools throughout the nation . In Honduras , where 16 people have died , President Porfirio Lobo declared a state of emergency Sunday . Nearly 12,000 people have been evacuated from their homes and about 3,200 were living in shelters , the Honduran emergency agency said Tuesday . More than 140 homes have been destroyed and another 700 have been damaged , the Permanent Commission for Emergencies reported . The situation in El Salvador was improving , officials said Monday . The rain stopped Sunday afternoon and river levels were beginning to diminish , officials said . Classes nationwide remained canceled , however , until further notice . Agatha was demoted from a tropical storm to a tropical depression Saturday night and lost its status as a depression Sunday evening . It was the first named storm for the Pacific hurricane season . The Atlantic hurricane season started Tuesday . CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Death toll increases to 152 in Guatemala Nearly 125,000 evacuated and 74,000 in shelters Guatemala also plagued by volcano Agatha first named storm of Pacific hurricane season
CNN  -- In the new movie "  Interstellar , " Earth is on the brink of becoming uninhabitable and the future of human life rests in the hands of Matthew McConaughey . Or rather , it rests in the hands of the farmer and former NASA pilot McConaughey plays in "  Interstellar , " Christopher Nolan 's latest epic that is pretty much guaranteed to be a hot topic this awards season . What 's less guaranteed is whether moviegoers will take to this sci-fi adventure , which also stars Anne Hathaway as one of the four space explorers who set off through a wormhole near Saturn in search of a more hospitable planet . Director and co-writer Nolan , who has previously shown his skill with "  The Dark Knight " trilogy and "  Inception , " worked closely with theoretical physicist Kip Thorne to create an experience that would do for audiences what "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " once did for the director . "  One of my earliest movie memories is my dad taking me to see ' 2001 ' in  London 's  Leicester Square on the big screen , " Nolan recalled in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter . "  It was such an extraordinary feeling : to be taken off this planet and to the furthest reaches of the universe . It has really been an ambition of mine : If I ever had the opportunity to get involved in a large-scale science fiction project , something about exploring our universe , I would try to seize the opportunity . " With this being a Nolan movie , the question of whether "  Interstellar " is any good might seem to answer itself . But if you assume that there 's consensus on this one , you 'd be wrong : critics are having some stark disagreements on whether Nolan 's $ 165 million effort is a success . Just how wide-ranging are the reviews ? Take a look : Will moviegoers like it ? The New York Times ' A.O. Scott thinks it 's "  hard to imagine that  Nolan 's  fans -- who represent a fairly large segment of the world 's population -- will be disappointed by ` Interstellar . ' " That 's because to Scott , the movie is "  a terrifically entertaining science-fiction movie , giving fresh life to scenes and situations we 've seen a hundred times before , " even if it does "  occasionally  stumble  over pompous dialogue or overly portentous music . " The New Yorker , however , predicts that only the diehard science geeks are going to be into this . "  ` Interstellar '  is ardently , even fervently incomprehensible , a movie designed to separate the civilians from the geeks , with the geeks apparently the target audience , " said the magazine 's David Denby . "  There 's no doubting Nolan 's craft ... but , overall , ` Interstellar ' -- a spectacular , redundant puzzle , a hundred and sixty-seven minutes long -- makes you feel virtuous for having sat through it rather than happy that you saw it . " Is the story emotionally resonant ? One of the big aspects to "  Interstellar " is its focus on relationships , especially the relationship between parent and child . McConaughey 's former pilot/farmer , Cooper , has two children he leaves behind in hope of finding a new place for humans to thrive ; his preteen daughter , played by Mackenzie Foy , is particularly distraught over his abandonment . But that 's not all : While our space explorers are off on their search , time is moving differently for them than it is on Earth . What feels like a handful of hours out in another galaxy is the equivalent of years passing for Cooper 's kids -- so many years , in fact , that Jessica Chastain and Casey Affleck also star in "  Interstellar " as the adult versions of Cooper 's children . That sounds like it 's tailor-made to be gut-wrenching , but critics were conflicted over the plot 's emotional impact . "  It 's rare that a big-budget studio movie has such cerebral aspirations and such startling strengths and weaknesses . The visual spectacle can be breathtaking , but the emotional , earth-bound saga fails to be as moving , " said USA Today 's Claudia Puig . "  The story is ever-ambitious , sometimes riveting and thought-provoking , but also plodding and hokey and not as visionary as its cutting-edge special effects . And at nearly three hours , the film would have benefited from more judicious editing . " Village Voice 's Stephanie Zacharek agreed , saying in her review that "  whatever his strengths may be , Nolan lacks the human touch . ...  I  n all of Nolan 's films , human connection is such a noble idea that it 's beyond the grasp of flesh-and-blood people . Nothing in ` Interstellar ' is ever ragged or raw or dirty  though there is , admittedly , a lot of dust  . " But then you have Variety 's Scott Foundas , who thought "  Interstellar " was "  more emotionally accessible than his coolly cerebral thrillers and Batman movies . ... like all the director 's best work ,  it  manages to feel handcrafted and intensely personal . " And what about that ending ? The last act of "  Interstellar , " says Slate 's Dana Stevens , could be the make or break moment for moviegoers . "  How you feel about the movie may hang on your reaction to this scene -- about which I 'll say only that , like the end of ' 2001 : A Space Odyssey , ' it takes place in a space that seems to exist in between the familiar world we know and some strange alternate dimension , " Stevens said in her review . "  Going back over and over this crucial moment with a fellow critic on the train home , I could make no sense of it -- where was the encounter meant to be taking place ? What laws of the universe , or of human relationships , did it purport to disclose ? But the sense of visual and spatial wonder this scene evoked in me lingered long after , accompanied by a begrudging respect for the Nolans ' sheer commitment to their own peculiar brand of visionary hokum . " But then there 's The Wrap 's Alonso Duralde , who thought that ending could very well be the curse of the whole film . To Duralde , the third act is an exercise in "  staggering wrongheadedness , " an ending that "  feels like a betrayal because so much of what comes before it manages to be truly stunning . " So should you see it ? If you can afford an IMAX ticket , enjoy space-based drama and can handle disappointment , we say give it a whirl . But before you go , there is one thing you should know about that everyone seemed to agree on : the score , from Hans Zimmer , is really , really loud . You 've been warned .	Critical reaction to Christopher Nolan 's "  Interstellar " is all over the map Some think it 's grand , if flawed , while others are more focused on the flaws One consensus is that it 's going to be a talked about movie this awards season
CNN  -- Severe flooding across Serbia has prompted the evacuation of at least 16,300 people -- including 1,100 whisked away on helicopters -- the government said Saturday . A spokesman for the Interior Ministry confirmed there have been at least 15 deaths in Serbia and another five in neighboring Bosnia-Herzegovina . Unconfirmed reports put the numbers even higher . It 's the worst flooding Serbia has seen since the country began keeping records 120 years ago , according to meteorologists . The catastrophic weather has prompted authorities to declare a state of emergency in Bosnia-Herzegovina , according to a government statement . Bosnian authorities say the flooded town of Maglaj received the average rainfall for a two-month period in less than two days . Speaking at a press conference , Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic said that the situation in his country is "  difficult , " but that Serbia is prepared for the next wave of floods . More rising waters are expected Sunday evening near Sabac , a city in western Serbia near the Sava River . Vucic said that Sabac is well fortified and that authorities had done "  everything that could be done . " The Prime Minister pointed out that a dam 7.3 meters tall  24 feet  has been erected , but that the current level of the Sava River is over 6.3 meters -- a historic high . The river is expected to rise . He warned that it is difficult to predict what will happen if the river reaches 6.8 meters , or slightly more than 22 feet . Rescuers in the hard-hit town of Obrenovac , 30 kilometers  about 19 miles  southwest of Belgrade , have recovered the first bodies of flood victims , according to Vucic . He expressed concern over how many may eventually be found once waters subside . Authorities estimate that 90 % of the town has been flooded . The Prime Minister thanked the many countries that have already come to Serbia 's aid . He was especially grateful to members of the Russian special forces , highlighting one member who swam 200 meters in cold water to save several people . According to Finance Minister Dusan Vujovic , more than 10,000 troops have already been involved in rescue and assistance operations .	Worst flooding the region has seen in at least 120 years NEW : At least 20 people are dead in Serbia and Bosnia-Herzegovina More than 16,000 people have been evacuated in Serbia More flooding is expected Sunday
CNN  -- For most of the day , Jason Biggs was n't letting the Twitterverse judge whether his sarcastic quip about the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash was funny . The "  Orange is the New Black " actor stirred a Twitter storm after news reports confirmed that a Boeing 777 crashed in Ukraine with almost 300 people on board . Biggs joked , "  Anyone wan na buy my Malaysian Airlines frequent flier miles ? " The backlash came quickly with some saying the remark was too soon , and the event too sensitive , to joke about . "  Not cool , Not funny Mr. @JasonBiggs , " @jorgemps wrote . Sharliq Grant @SGofDaRuSH said , "  too soon to joke man . " Biggs originally blasted back at his social media critics , unleashing an expletive-ridden tirade . "  Hey all you ` too soon ' a -- holes - it 's a f -- king joke . You do n't have to think it 's funny , or even be on my twitter page at all . " "  Truly - you losers are literally trying to find s -- t to get angry about . Channel your issues elsewhere , " he continued . "  The idea that I wouldnt have any empathy 4 the victims or their families because I make a joke is absolutely ridiculous . U know that , right ? " "  It 's saddest for the victims and their families , obviously . But Malaysia Airlines is apparently a GREAT airline . Gon na be tough to recover . " Then in the evening , Biggs ' previous comments about the incident were deleted and he issued a four-tweet apology : 1  Hey all - ok , so - I am deleting my previous tweets . People were offended , and that was not my intent . Sorry to those of you that were . 2  This is obviously a horrible tragedy , and everyone-including myself - is sad and angry about it . Sending positive thoughts to the 3  victims and their families . P.S. No one is making me send these tweets - I simply understand that my comments might have come off 4  . as insensitive and ill-timed . For that , I apologize . Biggs , who first became famous in 1999 's "  American Pie , " has a long history of controversial tweets , including a series of sexually explicit comments directed at Republican politicians and their wives during the 2012 election , which he defended at that time , too . Blogging for Esquire last year , Biggs explained why he loves his Twitter haters . "  You know what really gets me off ? The hate . Oh , how I love the hate . Weird ? Perhaps . But to me , watching people get riled up over the most trivial things is pure fking gold . " Did surface-to-air missile take down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 ? U.S. official : Missile shot down Malaysia Airlines plane Malaysia Airlines crash prompts flight detours See more news content about comedians at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Pete Janos contributed to this report .	Jason Biggs made a joke on Twitter about the Malaysia Airlines crash on July 17 Some people sent tweets back that they found the comment offensive Biggs defended himself at first , but has since deleted the tweets and apologized
It was supposed to be the couple 's happiest day : Kelly Ecker , a nurse , and Dr. George Scott Samson married Saturday afternoon in Terre Haute , Indiana . By their wedding night , both were dead . Samson , an anesthesiologist at Union Hospital in Terre Haute , shot his bride and then himself in their home just hours after they exchanged vows , authorities said . Some wedding guests noticed tension between the couple almost immediately after each said "  I do , " said Vigo County Sheriff Chief Deputy Clark Cottom . "  Some guests are telling us the bride and groom did n't speak to each other at the reception , " he said . After the reception , the couple hosted members of the bridal party at their home on outside Terre Haute , Cottom said . Not long after the last guest left , the county dispatch center received a 911 call , according to a transcript and tape provided by authorities . The 911 calls The first call was made at 1:25 a.m. . The caller , said to be Kelly , is only able to give an address , then the call cuts off . In a second call made a minute later , the caller says , "  he is beating the s *** out of me " and then says "  he has guns " and identifies Scott Samson by name . By the third call , at 1:27 a.m. , Cottom said it 's clear the situation has escalated because the caller 's voice is in more distress . She says "  oh my God ! " and then gunshots are heard . When deputies arrived on the scene , they were met at the door by an elderly male relative of Samson 's , authorities said . "  He directed the deputies to the bedroom where they found Kelly 's body , " said Cottom . She had been shot multiple times , he said . Murder suicide shocks residents in Brisbane Robot finds Samson In addition to the male , two other people were found in home : Ecker 's 10-year old-son was in the bedroom where his mother 's body was found , and he was unharmed , Cottom said . An elderly female relative was in the home at the time of the shootings , and she also was unharmed , authorities said . Samson was still inside when deputies arrived , so they made it a priority to get those three people out of the home and to safety immediately , Cottom said . The elderly male witness told police that Samson had run from the bedroom to another part of the house to get more ammunition , and then ran to the basement , authorities said . Deputies surrounded the home immediately . "  The house is near a wooded area and a cornfield , and we did n't want an armed man running deep into the woods , " Cottom said . A special response team used a robotic device equipped with a camera to gain entry into the home , he said . When it located Samson in the basement , it was apparent what had happened . "  Samson was unresponsive . We saw a bullet wound , " Cottom said . Samson 's body was found near his gun safe , where he had earlier removed other weapons , said Cottom . Samson was a gun enthusiast who had a federal firearms license , Cottom said . This week , deputies were still taking inventory of the weapons inside the home . Cottom said several dozen of them had been removed . Montana newlywed gets 30 years for pushing husband off cliff	Kelly Ecker , a nurse , and Dr. George Scott Samson marry over weekend Guests notice tension as the newlyweds do n't talk to each other at reception After last guest leaves a party , police get a 911 call from wife about her husband The couple is dead in what police say is a murder-suicide
If you want more "  Frozen , " plan to see "  Cinderella " in March . Walt Disney Studios announced that its "  Frozen " - inspired short film , "  Frozen Fever , " will bow in theaters next year in front of its live-action version of "  Cinderella . " That movie , directed by Kenneth Branagh and starring Lily James , Helena Bonham Carter and Richard Madden , opens on March 13 . "  Frozen Fever " is n't exactly the sequel we 're all waiting for , but it 's close . The short film reunites the award-winning creative team behind the 2013 blockbuster , including directors Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee . Oops ! ` Strange Magic ' not the ` Frozen ' sequel Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez , the duo who gave us the ironically titled "  Let It Go , " have also committed to supplying a new song for "  Frozen Fever . " The original movie told the story of a princess named Anna and her older sister , Elsa , whose icy powers drove a rift between the siblings and threatened the survival of their homeland . Throw in a talking snowman named Olaf and an outdoorsy companion named Kristoff , and you have "  Frozen , " has earned more than $ 1.27 billion worldwide . Guess how many ` Frozen ' dresses were sold this year ? In "  Frozen Fever , " Anna , Elsa , Olaf and Kristoff are all reunited for Anna 's birthday , which may be put at risk because of Elsa 's chilly abilities . For those who 'd rather wait for a real "  Frozen " sequel , we would n't recommend holding your breath . "  Frozen " star Idina Menzel , who voiced Elsa , stirred hope this week that a sequel was in fact in the works , but she 's since clarified that she does n't know that for sure . "  You know , I have no idea , " Menzel told the "  Today " show Monday . "  I just assumed that because it 's so successful , that 's what they 're up to ! "	Disney has announced a premiere date for "  Frozen " short The studio will air it ahead of "  Cinderella " in March The short film reunites the creative team behind the blockbuster
CNN  -- Federal drug agents discovered a 240-yard-long tunnel underneath the U.S.-Mexico border , and they suspect it was used to smuggle drugs into Arizona for sale in the United States , officials said Thursday . The "  sophisticated drug smuggling tunnel , " which runs 55 feet below ground , begins in an ice plant in San Luis Rio Colorado , Sonora , Mexico , and ends inside a one-story , nondescript building in San Luis , Arizona , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . Report : Focus on cops , not military Investigators started watching the building in January "  after observing possible suspicious activity that indicated the site was being used as a potential stash location , " the DEA said . Arizona police found 39 pounds of methamphetamine inside a pickup truck stopped on Interstate 95 on July 6 , which led them back to the San Luis , Arizona , building , the DEA said . They got a search warrant with that information . Police in Arizona arrest 20 , dismantle drug trafficking cell of Sinaloa Cartel No drugs were found in the search of the ice plant or the building on the U.S. side , just bags and barrels of dirt , the DEA said . Three unnamed suspects have been arrested in connection with the tunnel , the DEA said . Interior Border Patrol stations closed "  The recent discovery of this sophisticated drug smuggling tunnel is yet another reminder of how desperate these criminal organizations are and the extent they will go to further their drug dealing operations and endanger the security of our citizens , " said Doug Coleman , the special agent in charge of the DEA 's Phoenix , Arizona , office . In small-town USA , business as usual for Mexican cartels	"  Sophisticated drug smuggling tunnel " runs from an ice plant in Mexico , the DEA says Arizona police traced 39 pounds of methamphetamine in a truck to the tunnel , agents say Three unnamed suspects are in custody
Mark Sanford is living proof that life is full of second chances . The former Republican governor of South Carolina , whose political career was left for dead along the Appalachian Trail after an extramarital affair , asked for , and Tuesday received , political redemption as he won a special election to fill a vacant House seat that he once occupied . "  I want to acknowledge a God not just of second chances but third , fourth , fifth , sixth , seventh , eighth chances , because that is the reality of our shared humanity , " Sanford said at his victory celebration after defeating his Democratic opponent , Elizabeth Colbert Busch . "  I am one imperfect man saved by God 's grace . " 5 things we learned from Sanford 's win And at a news conference minutes later , Sanford added that "  I think we 're always on the search for redemption and I think this is certainly a degree of political redemption . " Sanford , who won 54 % to 45 % , according to an unofficial vote count in South Carolina 's 1st Congressional District , made reference to his political baggage from his infamous affair . "  If it was just about market-based ideas and limited government , this campaign would have easily won a long time ago . But I had deficiencies that are well chronicled as a candidate and at the end of the day I was carried across the threshold , if you will , by an incredible team of volunteers . " Colbert Busch , an official with Clemson University 's wind turbine drive testing facility who was best known nationally as the sister of satirist and Comedy Central host Stephen Colbert , said that , "  The people have spoken and I respect their decision . " But she added that "  We gave it a heck of fight " and assured supporters that "  I will continue to fight for the people of South Carolina . " Sanford won all five counties in the district , including Charleston and Beaufort , home to Hilton Head , where some Democrats hoped that older voters would be turned off by Sanford 's scandals and just stay home . In Charleston County , Sanford 's home base but the Democrats ' best hope as well , he narrowly edged out Colbert Busch . Colbert Busch won absentee ballots , but it was n't nearly enough to carry her to victory . Sanford : Primary win was ' a big referendum ' on comeback effort "  Turnout was very large for a special election -- roughly a quarter of the 18-plus population voted , more than 140,000 votes total , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland , who analyzed the vote . "  That seems to have helped Sanford . Low turnout would have meant a lot of Republicans who were reluctant to vote for him and would n't vote for a Democrat . High turnout turns that around : Plenty of Republicans who had misgivings about Sanford came out to vote anyway . " Sanford 's oldest son Marshall and his now-fiancÃ © e Maria Belen Chapur were standing beside the candidate at his victory celebration . "  She flew a continent to be here last night . Whether I won or lost , she wanted to be here , " Sanford said Wednesday mornign on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " "  We certainly appreciate her willing to do so , and I think as folks get to know her , I think they 're going to love her . " Sanford was in his second term as governor in 2009 when he disappeared from public view for several days . At the time his staff claimed he 'd been hiking the Appalachian Trail . He later admitted that he was actually in Argentina , seeing Chapur , with whom he was having an affair . The episode sank any hopes Sanford had of making a bid for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination . Sanford and wife Jenny were divorced in 2010 . He finished his second term as governor in January 2011 , after being censured and fined tens of thousands of dollars for ethics violations , exiting to what many thought would be political obscurity . But he came back , beating out 15 other candidates earlier this year to win the Republican nomination in the race for the vacant House seat . From the start , Sanford was very open about the affair on the campaign trail and made it the subject of his first TV ad . And even with all his political baggage , he was considered the favorite in the race until last month , when court documents revealed his ex-wife had filed complaints against Sanford for trespassing on her property . Sanford told CNN that he did n't want to leave his sons home alone while their mother was away . He 's scheduled for a court appearance two days after the election . Not long after the trespassing story broke , the National Republican Congressional Committee announced it was pulling out of the race and national Democratic groups announced they were throwing more money into the contest . And National Democratic groups jumped in . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and independent pro-Democrat House Majority PAC combined dished out nearly $ 1 million to defeat Sanford . The two groups , as well as Colbert Busch , highlighted the affair . At their only general election debate , Colbert Busch brought up Sanford 's 2009 secret trip to Argentina to see his mistress . "  When we talk about fiscal spending and we talk about protecting the taxpayers , it does n't mean you take that money we saved and leave the country for a personal purpose , " she said sternly , looking directly at her opponent on stage . In South Carolina politics , two very different campaign styles And her campaign went up with a TV commercial which slammed Sanford for using "  tax dollars to visit his mistress in Argentina , disappeared for a week leaving no one in charge , betrayed all who trusted him , then lied to cover it up . Mark Sanford , it 's a question of character . " The DCCC and House Majority PAC have also spotlighted the affair in their final ads . "  I used to be for Mark Sanford , but not any more . He skipped town to be with his mistress on Father 's Day . Sanford even asked his wife for permission to have the affair , " said Mt. Pleasant Republican voter Jennifer Stark in the House Majority PAC commercial . But over the past month , another woman also entered the campaign spotlight : House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . Sanford and his campaign repeatedly tried to tie Colbert Busch to Pelosi , saying that a vote for Colbert Busch would also be a vote for Pelosi , who has high negatives with Republican voters and who most likely would become House speaker again if the Democrats run the table and regain control of the chamber in next year 's midterm elections . Opinion : Zombie politicians find new life after disgrace "  I 've fought hard over the years to make South Carolina a better place to call home . But those efforts pale now against the larger battle for the direction of our country . Maybe that 's why Nancy Pelosi and allies have spent more than a million dollars to defeat me . But this contest is bigger than them or me , it 's about two different visions of how we restore America and reign in Washington spending , " Sanford said , looking into the camera in a TV spot that started running district-wide last week . Two weeks ago he even debated a cardboard cutout of Pelosi to call out Colbert Busch for not accepting more than one debate . Sanford also repeatedly brought up the money that national Democratic groups have poured into the South Carolina race . "  What it says is , whose voice do you carry when you go to Washington D.C. ? " he said in the debate with Colbert Busch , pointing to the hundreds of thousands of dollars that national Democratic groups have spent on the race . Colbert Busch , responding to the Sanford criticism , sought to distance herself from Washington and from national Democrats . "  No one tells me what to do except the people of South Carolina 's 1st Congressional District . So a victory for Elizabeth Colbert Busch is a victory for the people of South Carolina 's 1st Congressional District , " she told CNN Monday , adding that two-thirds of her contributions have come from within the Palmetto State . While Sanford touted his fiscal conservative record , Colbert Bush campaigned as an independent centrist who would buck President Barack Obama . In her CNN interview , she highlighted where she does n't see eye to eye with the president . "  I respectfully disagree with his budget , " she said , adding that "  we need to vote to repair " the president 's health care law . Even though they did n't support Sanford , the NRCC congratulated him Tuesday night , and said the results could prove troublesome for House Democrats in 2014 . "  Democrats spent more than $ 1 million trying to elect a candidate who was backed by the Democrat machine , but at the end of the day , running on the Obama-Pelosi ticket was just too toxic for Elizabeth Colbert Busch , " Rep. Greg Walden , NRCC chairman , said in a statement . But national Democrats see a silver lining in Colbert Busch 's defeat . "  House Republicans ' outreach to women voters now has Mark Sanford as the face . Republicans now have to defend him and stand with him until Election Day , " Rep. Steve Israel , DCCC chairman , said in a statement . "  In this deep red Republican district that Mitt Romney won by 18 points , the fact that the Democrat made this competitive is a testament to the strength of Elizabeth Colbert Busch as a candidate and the Republican habit of nominating flawed candidates . " Sanford has a woman problem The congressional seat became vacant when Rep. Tim Scott , who won re-election by 27 percentage points last November , was picked by GOP Gov. Nikki Haley to fill the Senate seat of Sen. Jim DeMint , who stepped down late last year to take over as the head of the conservative Heritage Foundation . No Democrat has held the seat in more than 30 years , and that streak still stands .	Sanford wins comeback race with about 54 % of the vote Sanford wins all five counties in the district , Colbert Busch wins absentees Colbert Busch tried to make Sanford 's extramarital affair an issue in race Sanford tried to tie Colbert Busch to national Democrats , including Nancy Pelosi
The prices may look tempting , but ordering from an online pharmacy is often a bad deal , according to Interpol and the U.S Food and Drug Administration , announcing a crackdown Thursday on thousands of websites . The FDA said it has shut down 1,677 sites for selling counterfeit or substandard medication , or for selling drugs without appropriate safeguards . Other sites received regulatory warnings . Officials said they also arrested 58 people and seized more than $ 41 million worth of illegal medicines . Several sites had sleek interfaces and names that could easily be confused with legitimate pharmacy retailers . For example , the FDA shuttered Walgreens-Store . com ; the well-known drugstore chain 's website is actually Walgreens.com . "  It impacts consumers every day , " FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  These products can have none of the active ingredient that people need for the treatment of their disease . They can have too much or too little  of the ingredient  ; they can have toxic ingredients , and they can prevent patients form getting the actual medications that they badly need to treat their disease . " The most common scams advertised popular drugs such as Viagra , Levitra , Celebrex and Avandaryl . The recent crackdown , labeled Pangea VI , involved the cooperation of more than 100 countries , according to Interpol . Hamburg acknowledged it 's difficult to know the scope of the online pharmacy problem but maintained , "  We still do have the safest drug supply in the world . " At some locations , FDA and customs agents use handheld scanners with ultraviolet and infrared radiation to detect suspicious packaging and ingredients . Confirmation of whether a product contains fake ingredients must be done in a laboratory . The scanners are in use at a handful of locations that handle a large volume of imports such as the Los Angeles International Airport . The FDA also works closely with private pharmaceutical companies , such as Pfizer , that run investigations and turn over evidence to law enforcement . Pfizer declined to say how much it spends on tracking counterfeits or how many people are working on the investigations . Counterfeits are not isolated to online sales , and it is extremely difficult to know how many deaths and serious illnesses they cause . Unless a patient 's adverse reaction is dramatic , the medication is usually not tested , so the vast majority of counterfeit ingredients likely go unnoticed . But many experts agree the problem is daunting . The National Association of Boards of Pharmacy recently performed an analysis of more than 10,000 websites , and found that 97 % did not fully comply with state and federal regulations . It said 88 % did not require a valid prescription , and almost half sold medicines lacking FDA approval . "  It 's probably a multibillion dollar industry , " said Carmen Catizone , executive director of the pharmacy board group . Catizone said most of these sites are based overseas , with a common scam of site operators presenting themselves as Canadian to lure U.S. customers seeking more affordable medication from a trusted place . "  The fact of the matter is very few , if any , of these sites are actually based in Canada or  are  Canadian , " Catizone said . "  In fact , they are located in China , India , Pakistan , around the world . " The National Association of Boards of Pharmacy 's website features a list of approved online pharmacies as well as those to avoid . Hamburg said consumers should also watch for a few warning signs . "  No. 1 , the websites should ask for a valid prescription . If they do n't -- beware . " She also said website pharmacies should have a licensed pharmacist available for consultation and should be located in the United States and licensed in the state where the website is registered . Beyond that , she said , the basics still apply . "  If the costs are really low , if it seems too good to be true , it is too good to be true , " she said .	Sites shut down for selling counterfeit or substandard medication , FDA says Officials arrested 58 people and seized more than $ 41 million worth of illegal medicines Many websites had names that could be confused with legitimate pharmacy retailers
CNN  -- I 've always found amusement parks very unamusing , for it 's hard to justify standing in a hot , 40-minute roller-coaster line so I can promptly lose my car keys and barf up a churro . That 's what whiskey is for . But lots of people dig this kind of entertainment . And it seems all the theme parks around the world try to out-amuse each other with technologically advanced new rides promising wild and exciting fun . "  Hey kids ! Come try The Agonizer ! It will literally give you second-degree steam burns to the face ! " You see , when it comes to roller coasters these days , they have to be super-Ã 1/4 ber extreme to stand out . And , right now , thrill seekers on the Web are all talking about Full Throttle at Six Flags Magic Mountain in Southern California . The ride opened last weekend to rave reviews , and it 's being touted as the "  world 's tallest and fastest looping coaster . " Which sounds pretty amazing , save for the part about it being tall and fast and looping . My ideal roller coaster is a hammock . Nevertheless , this thing goes up to 70 mph , reaches a height of 160 feet and uses something called a linear synchronous-motor magnetic launch system . I do n't know what that means , but I 'm fairly certain it causes diarrhea . "  Did anybody else just ... ? " "  Yes . Get the kids . We 're going home . " Full Throttle also prides itself on having the world 's first ever "  top hat " loop , allowing riders to fly across the outer rail of the circle as well as the inside . Everything I 've read suggests that this is actually a rather big deal when it comes to roller-coaster engineering . Though , to be fair , I 'm still trying to figure out button-fly jeans . So , in my book , pretty much anything more sophisticated than a ballpoint pen counts as an major scientific accomplishment . Hell , my ceiling fan is certifiably magic . Anyway , never mind all the wild technology . Just know that Full Throttle is really big and really fast , and if the train ever flies off the rails , there 's a pretty good chance you 'll end up somewhere near Pittsburgh . "  Ha-ha . Now that 's what I call being thrown for a loop ! " "  Shut up , Dave . " And if the overall speed and height were n't wild enough , Full Throttle also minimizes the protective harnessing that prevents you from dropping painfully to your death . Which , to some , might be slightly concerning . Here , there 's nothing covering your chest -- just a simple lap bar to keep you and your bladder snugly in position . But it 's said to be very advanced , and the limited upper-body protection totally enhances the fear factor when , at one point during the ride , you apparently almost slow to a stop along a curve . It 's a terrifying pause that lasts just long enough to make a deathbed confession to the stranger sitting next to you . "  Hi . I 'm Jim . I like Nickelback . " These are the dirty secrets we share when roller-coaster technology rises to the next level . Tim Burkhart , director of maintenance , construction and engineering for Six Flags Magic Mountain , was the project lead for creating Full Throttle , and told Theme Park Insider that , "  Anyone can take a track and flip it . I 've done it a million times -- it 's easy to do . But to build an actual loop , with all the supporting structure , and the dynamics you have to do to be at 160 feet , that is a much  more  difficult thing . " If this all sounds completely amazing , it is . Roller-coaster engineering continues to test the limits of your lunch , and Six Flags Magic Mountain has quite literally raised the bar . So , if you 're an adrenaline junkie and you make it out to California , make sure you head over to Six Flags to give this thing a shot . Do it for me . Because I 'll be in my hammock , confidently eating a churro .	Full Throttle coaster goes 70 mph and up to 160 feet in the air The coaster opened at Six Flags Magic Mountain in California on June 22 Full Throttle prides itself on having the world 's first ever "  top hat " loop
CNN  -- The latest celebrity Twitter feud erupted Sunday between two heavyweights of the social medium . In one corner : pop superstar Lady Gaga and her nearly 40 million followers . In the other : pop culture blogger Perez Hilton and his 6.1 million Twitter fans . Who won the war of 140 characters ? It depends on whom you ask . The feud between the former friends appears to stem from several incidents : Hilton tweeted Thursday that Katy Perry 's new single , "  Roar , " is better than Gaga 's latest song , "  Applause . " On Friday , Gaga , who is in the midst of a comeback following a serious tear to her right hip , cryptically referenced a text from Hilton that appeared to make light of her injury . "  Still have the text Perez sent me of me in a wheelchair with the words KARMA written across + Madonna pointing a gun at me , " she tweeted . But Gaga went into Twitter overdrive Sunday , accusing Hilton of stalking her , after one of her followers alerted her that he was at Gaga 's apartment building in New York . "  STAY AWAY FROM ME + MY FAMILY YOU ARE SICK TRYING TO RENT AN APARTMENT IN MY BUILDING TO STALK ME . LEAVE ME ALONE !!! " she tweeted . Hilton , who lives in Los Angeles , announced last week that he is moving to New York as he raises his new son , born via a surrogate in February . He responded to Gaga 's tweets with a post on his blog Sunday night , titled "  A Statement On Lady GaGa 's Lies . " In the statement , he explains he was house-hunting and later learned one of the buildings he looked at was , in fact , Gaga 's building . "  After a day of innocent house-hunting , I am devastated and my heart hurts that my former very good friend , a person I used to call my ` wifey ' and traveled the world with , is making very public and very untrue allegations about me on Twitter , " he wrote , adding "  it is still too painful " to reveal what caused the end of their friendship . He said that as a result of Gaga 's series of tweets Sunday , her fans have sent him death threats and posted derogatory comments about his 6-month-old son . "  If her fans want to send a message of support to Lady GaGa , they should buy her music , " he wrote , a thinly veiled reference to Gaga 's new single being declared a flop by several media outlets . And while Gaga vowed "  I 've been quiet for a long time , not this time , " Hilton appeared to be getting the last word . "  The truth will all eventually come out . It usually does ! " he wrote .	Lady Gaga accuses the blogger of stalking her after he house-hunts at her NYC building Hilton says he learned later that her building was among those he looked at Sunday The former friends have not said why they had a falling out
CNN  -- A vaccine to prevent HIV infection , the virus that leads to AIDS , has shown modest results for the first time , researchers have found , raising hopes that a disease that kills millions every year may someday be beaten . Researchers found those who received the vaccine combination were 31 percent less likely to contract HIV . In what is being called the world 's largest HIV vaccine trial ever -- involving more than 16,000 participants in Thailand -- researchers found that people who received a series of inoculations of a prime vaccine and booster vaccine were 31 percent less likely to get HIV , compared with those on a placebo . "  Before this study , it was thought vaccine for HIV is not possible , " Colonel Jerome Kim , who is the HIV vaccines product manager for the U.S. Army , told CNN . HIV is the human immunodeficiency virus , which is the virus that causes AIDS -- acquired immune deficiency syndrome . Kim emphasized that the level of effectiveness of the latest vaccine was modest , but given the failures of previous HIV vaccine trials , "  yesterday we would have thought an HIV vaccine was n't possible . " Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta discuss the excitement surrounding the vaccine " He called the results from the trial an important first step that will help researchers work toward a more effective vaccine . Researchers have tried to prevent the spread of HIV since they discovered its cause in 1986 . Previous vaccine trials failed to prevent infection . And during one trial , the vaccine seemed to boost the chance of being infected , which ended testing early . The new study was conducted in Thailand , with more than 16,000 people between ages 18 and 30 participating . They were all HIV negative at the beginning of the trial . Nearly 8,200 received a placebo and a similar number received a combination of six vaccines over six months . All were followed for three years . Researchers found that those who received the vaccine combination were 31 percent less likely to contract HIV compared with those on a placebo . "  This shows a statistically significant effect , " Kim said . He cautioned that a lot more research was necessary , because the vaccine did not prevent everyone from being infected . Fifty-one people in the vaccine group eventually contracted HIV , compared with 74 in the placebo group . "  These results show that development of a safe and effective preventive HIV vaccine is possible , " said Colonel Nelson Michael , who is director of the U.S. military HIV research program . The combination of vaccines tested targeted strains circulating in Thailand . It was unclear how the vaccines would work elsewhere , Kim said . Researchers will announce details of their initial findings at the AIDS Vaccine Conference next month in Paris , France . The study was funded by the National Institutes of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command . According to Kim , the U.S. military was involved in the study because U.S. service members are at risk and "  there 's a national security threat from HIV . " He said Congress set up a program to protect service members from HIV and the U.S. military has collaborated with health officials and researchers in Thailand for a long time . The vaccines are manufactured by Global Solutions for Infectious Diseases and Sanofi Pasteur . The Thai Ministry of Health carried out the clinical trial . According to estimates by WHO and UNAIDS , 33 million people were living with HIV at the end of 2007 . That same year , some 2.7 million people became newly infected , and 2 million died of AIDS , including 270,000 children . Two-thirds of HIV infections are in sub-Saharan Africa .	New vaccine cut risk of HIV infection by 31 percent in world 's largest HIV trial Combination of prime , booster vaccines prove effective , researchers say Researchers tested strains in Thailand ; not known if vaccine would work elsewhere
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The medical charity Medicins Sans Frontieres -- also known as Doctors without Borders -- said Friday the abduction of two of its workers is jeopardizing assistance to refugees in Kenya . The Spanish women were part of the MSF 's international staff , officials said . MSF identified the victims as Montserrat Serra , 40 , of Girona , and Blanca Thiebaut , 30 , of Madrid . They were working as logisticians at the Dadaab camp complex . In a statement , the organization said it has been unable to contact the pair and asked media to respect the privacy of their families . "  We are doing all we can to ensure their safe and swift return , " said Jose Antonio Bastos , president of MSF in Spain . The attack took place in a new camp known as Ifo 3 , an MSF staffer said Thursday . He said the two women as well as their pickup truck were missing . The driver , shot in the neck , was in stable condition at a hospital . He was identified Friday as Mohamed Hassan Borle , 31 . MSF has evacuated part of its team working in Dagahaley and Ifo , two of the three refugee camps in Dadaab , the statement said . "  As a consequence , crucial medical activities had to be stopped , " the statement noted . However , MSF is still maintaining its lifesaving activities . " Dadaab , about 80 kilometers from the Somali border , is the largest refugee complex in the world . It houses thousands of people who have fled war and famine in the Horn of Africa . United Nations staff and international aid workers often travel with armed Kenyan police escorts from their bases to the various camps . They are not allowed , under their regulations , to travel on their own . However , MSF usually operates without a security escort . The medical humanitarian organization delivers emergency aid to people affected by war , epidemics and disasters . A Kenyan driver from Care International was abducted in September in a nearby camp and is still missing . Aid workers have long worried about security in Dadaab , particularly since the refugee processing center at the border has been closed by the Kenyan government for several years . "  Virtually anybody could be arriving in Dadaab , " a U.N. official said .	Medical charity evacuates parts of its team in two camps in Kenya It says it is working to ensure release of two workers Two missing women from Spain were in a pickup truck ; the driver was shot Dadaab is overflowing with refugees fleeing war and famine
CNN  Days after North Korea 's most famous defector revealed some of the details in his accounts about life in prison camps were n't true , the country 's government fired back Tuesday . Shin Dong-hyuk 's "  admission of his lies goes to prove that everything told by those who claim to be ` defectors from the North ' can not be trusted , " the state-run KCNA news agency said , citing a spokesman for North Korea 's Association for Human Rights Studies . The government news agency called Shin a swindler who "  styled himself a ` survivor ' in the ` concentration camp of political offenders ' that does not exist in  North Korea  no more than a sheer lie and a fiction . " Shin 's horrific descriptions of his time in a North Korean prison camp became a best-selling book , made him a key witness before the United Nations and grabbed headlines around the world . He was one of the most high-profile North Korean defectors , winning several human rights awards and inspiring a documentary as his biography about escaping from a total control zone called Camp 14 was translated into 27 languages . But over the weekend , the publisher of the book and its author said Shin -- who claims to have been born in and escaped from a North Korean prison camp -- had admitted several inaccuracies , including the length of time he spent in Camp 14 . Shin still maintains he was severely tortured , but he 's changed details about the dates and locations of what he says transpired . North Korea 's statement Tuesday says that Shin 's revelation shows that last year 's human rights resolution that the U.N. General Assembly passed criticizing North Korea "  was no more than a false document cooked up on the basis of false ` testimonies ' made by human scum . " Advocates have said any inaccuracies in Shin 's story should n't undermine the staggering suffering he and other survivors of North Korea 's prison camps have helped bring to light . And the chairman of the U.N. Commission of Inquiry into North Korea noted that Shin was one of hundreds of witnesses , adding that his testimony consisted of only two paragraphs in a 400-page report . "  It 's a very small part of a very long story . And it really does n't affect the credibility of the testimony , " said Michael Kirby , chairman of the Commission of Inquiry into North Korea . CNN has not been able to reach Shin , who noted in a Facebook post apologizing for the inaccuracies in his story that "  these will be my final words and this will likely be my final post . " In an opinion article he wrote for CNN Digital last year , Shin noted that North Korea had made repeated personal attacks against him . "  The dictatorship in North Korea has never been honest or truthful for more than six decades it has been in existence , " he wrote . North Korea has repeatedly denied Shin 's claims and described testimony before the United Nations commission by him and others as "  slander . " In a video posted last year on a website that carries pro-Pyongyang propaganda , Shin 's father denied that his son was ever in a prison camp . Shin said in response that the government had taken his father hostage . CNN 's Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	North Korean state media slams defector for his "  admission of lies " His claims about prison camps are "  no more than a sheer lie and a fiction , " KCNA says
CNN  -- The death toll from the destructive typhoon that savaged the southern Philippines last week has climbed above 700 , authorities said Tuesday , warning that the final number may be much higher . Nearly 900 people are still unaccounted for in the aftermath of Typhoon Bopha , the strongest and deadliest storm to hit the Philippines this year , according to the country 's emergency management agency . The numbers of dead and missing have risen drastically during the past several days as government officials have gathered information from isolated areas where the scale of the devastation was previously unknown . Both of the grim totals are likely to increase further this week , said Benito Ramos , head of the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council , the emergency agency . Search and rescue efforts are continuing , he said , despite the declining chances of finding people alive . "  We are still hoping against hope that there are still survivors , " he said by telephone , adding that some of the hundreds of fishermen reported missing after the storm could yet be found sheltering on small islands out at sea . If only a few of those missing are found alive , Bopha could eventually prove more deadly than Tropical Storm Washi , which killed 1,268 people a year ago . But its toll would still remain far below that of Tropical Storm Thelma , the country 's most lethal storm on record that left more than 5,000 people dead in 1991 . The worst of the death and destruction from Bopha took place on the southern island of Mindanao , where the storm hit first and hardest with gusts as strong as 220 kph  138 mph  . In the provinces of Compostela Valley and Davao Oriental , the heavy rain set off flash floods and landslides that engulfed whole neighborhoods , and the winds ripped apart fragile houses . Many residents were unprepared or unaware of the typhoon 's threat to the region , which rarely experiences tropical cyclones of such magnitude . Bopha , known locally as Pablo , was the most powerful typhoon to hit Mindanao in decades . Compostela Valley and Davao Oriental account for the vast majority of the 714 people killed and for most of the 890 still missing nationwide . A week after the typhoon struck , survivors there are facing many obstacles to rebuilding their lives . Hundreds of thousands of people are living in evacuation centers or relying on the government for other kinds of assistance , according to the national emergency agency . And hundreds more , who have not been able to find refuge in the centers , line the roads of Compostela Valley , said Arlo Ramos , a relief worker in the region for World Vision , a humanitarian group . "  During the daytime , they stand along the side of the road , they ask for food , " he said . At night , they sleep in small , makeshift shelters cobbled together out of bits of wood and canvas scavenged from the debris , he added . In New Bataan , the town at the heart of the devastation , dead bodies are still being found and lined up in an open space in front of an evacuation center , according to Arlo Ramos . When aid workers or government officials arrive in the town , he said , residents crowd around them , hoping to get the food or water they desperately need , he said . The region 's prospects for longer term recovery are also bleak , since the storm laid waste to a great deal of the agricultural land on which many residents rely for their livelihood . "  Farming communities have been the worst hit and it could take many years for them to fully recover , " said Paul del Rosario , the humanitarian program coordinator for the charity Oxfam . The United Nations has announced a global appeal to try to raise $ 65 million to help those affected by the storm . And Philippine President Benigno Aquino III , who visited New Bataan and other severely affected areas last week , has declared a state of national calamity , which releases emergency funds and puts price controls on basic goods . Finger pointing has also begun among officials over the reasons why so many people lost their lives . Local authorities have been criticized for not anticipating the scale of the destruction . And a member of Aquino 's government , Environment Secretary Ramon Paje , has said illegal logging and mining contributed to the landslides and flash floods on Mindanao . Paje has implemented measures aimed at clamping down on logging in Philippine forests . "  Several quarters are criticizing the declaration of a total log ban but look at what happened , " he said last week , referring to the devastation on Mindanao , according to CNN affiliate ABS-CBN . "  It is now proving that we really must stop timber harvesting , especially in our natural forests . "	The numbers of dead and missing are likely to rise further , an official warns Typhoon Bopha has so far killed 714 people in the Philippines Another 890 people are missing , including hundreds of fishermen Hundreds of thousands of survivors have been severely affected by the destruction
CNN  -- Police in Kansas City are telling motorists to remain vigilant in the wake of 13 shooting incidents in the past month on major highways and roads around the Missouri city . Some drivers are nervous , CNN affiliate KCTV reported . "  A little uneasy . It 's unaimed , not targeted . You do n't know who they are shooting at . It could be anybody , " Ashley Quinn told the station . Some drivers said they were taking secondary roads , especially after nightfall . No shootings have been reported since Sunday , police said in a news release . But three people have been shot since March 8 . None of the victims suffered life-threatening injuries . Most of the cars have been shot in the driver 's or front passenger 's doors . There have been 10 reported shootings in Kansas City and one each in Blue Springs , Leawood and Lee 's Summit . Police are also looking into other claims to see if they should be added to the total . Some of those reports were for incidents before March 8 , police said Police are not giving many details on what witnesses have reported , but said at least several of the shootings were linked . They said they would increase patrols in the area where most of the shootings have taken place . Suspected shooter impersonated police officer for highway shootings Driver is just one of many injured in Michigan shootings	Police think the spate of shootings began in early March Three motorists have been shot , but none seriously wounded Some drivers tell CNN affiliate they are staying off the main roads
Washington  CNN  One day after focusing on lost e-mails at the IRS , the House Oversight Committee learned Wednesday that the Environmental Protection Agency is also having trouble recovering e-mails the committee wants as part of a separate investigation . McCarthy : "  There is a challenge " EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy told the Republican-led committee that the agency can not access some e-mails belonging to a biologist who worked on a controversial mining project assessment . It is a hard drive problem , but McCarthy was careful to not call it a "  hard drive crash " or destroyed hard drive . "  I do n't believe this is a missing hard drive issue , " McCarthy told the panel , "  There is a challenge getting access to the data on it ... I 'm still hoping we recover all those e-mails . " "  I heard similar testimony yesterday , " replied Rep. Mark Meadows , R-North Carolina , dryly referring to the committee 's Tuesday hearing about a critical crashed hard drive at the IRS . Investigation into mine report With the EPA , the committee is investigating whether the biologist involved , or anyone else at the agency , colluded with environmentalists to produce a negative assessment of a mining proposal in Alaska . A separate investigation by the agency 's inspector general is also underway . The environmental assessment concluded that the Pebble Mine project could significantly harm the sockeye salmon fishery in Bristol Bay . As a result , in February , the agency essentially froze the permitting process for the mine as it reviews options for the area . McCarthy insisted the agency is trying to recover the biologists ' missing e-mails , but also tried to downplay his role in the mine assessment . "  He 's not a decison maker in this process , " she said . "  He inputed into the science assessment that 's been fully peer-reviewed . We have not made any decision on Bristol Bay , we 've just taken a first step . " "  But he could have colluded ... " fired back Meadows . "  Which is why it 's important the  inspector general  finish his report , " McCarthy replied . Did the EPA break the law ? Meadows pressed McCarthy on whether the agency broke federal records-keeping law . "  Were all his emails preserved according to the Federal Records Act or was a law violated ? " McCarthy answered that the EPA notified the National Archives and Records Administration about the hard drive problem Tuesday . "  I think we have notified the appropriate authorities that we may have some e-mails that we can not produce that we should have kept . " Issa  re  threatens contempt charge During the same hearing , Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa , R-California , also demanded that the agency turn over documents that the committee subpoenaed last year . "  You have not complied with the subpoena , " he told McCarthy . "  I am telling you , the time to comply is now . If it is not complied with ... this committee will consider and vote on contempt . " Issa has made this threat to McCarthy before , but indicated Wednesday that he expects a response within days or he is ready to act on the contempt charge . By the end of the hearing , McCarthy and Issa agreed to let their staffs work behind the scenes . "  I hope that over the next few days our folks and your folks can resolve this with all the e-mails , " Issa concluded . E-mails : Ex-IRS official Lois Lerner queried Sen. Chuck Grassley invitation Top IRS official beats back Republican barrage	EPA head tells House committee that the agency is having trouble recovering requested emails "  I heard similar testimony yesterday , " congressman says , referring to IRS ' lost emails EPA 's lost emails part of alleged collusion probe involving agency and environmentalists Committee chairman threatens contempt charge if requested documents not delivered
