NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Lorna Irungu sits on a hospital bed looking extremely frail . She has lupus and her kidneys continue to fail . Lorna Irungu , 35 , had to travel from Kenya to India to receive her third kidney transplant . "  At some point I just wanted it to be over , " said Irungu , 35 . "  I was just tired . I was really , really tired of the fighting , of the struggling , of being sick . " But Irungu did decide to fight , with the help of a very giving family . Three times she has needed a kidney transplant , and three times her family members insisted on donating . First her father donated , then her sister , and then her brother . Irungu says what she could n't find was a doctor who would do the tricky third transplant in her own country of Kenya . When she checked in neighboring countries , the cost was impossibly high . Irungu , who 's single and has no children , has no insurance . So the former television host was paying for the surgery and medicines out of her own pocket . "  When we looked at the price of getting things done in South Africa . I 'm like , ` We 're never gon na get there . ' It 's $ 45,000 . Where do I even begin ? " The cost of a kidney transplant in the United States can be $ 25,000 to $ 150,000 , also out of Irungu 's price range . Watch more on Lorna Irungu 's odyssey " So she began looking elsewhere , sending out e-mails and making phone calls to hospitals in other countries . Doctors at Fortis Hospital in New Delhi , India , were the only ones who responded to her somewhat complicated case . Dr. Vijay Kher , the hospital 's director of nephrology , first talked to Irungu by phone . "  When she called me from Kenya , she was very sick , " Kher said . "  She had uncontrolled blood pressures , and she was having fever . She had been in ICU for about three weeks . " But Irungu made it to India . Once her condition was stabilized , doctors performed the third transplant , which is a rare operation in India . Of the 1,500 kidney transplants performed at Fortis Hospital , doctors remember having done only two in which the patient was having a third transplant . Doctors had to remove one of the previously transplanted kidneys to make room for the new kidney , Kher said . Doctors said it was unnecessary to remove the three other kidneys because they were not causing harm and they did n't want to subject her to more surgery than was necessary . Even with the complications that can arise during a third transplant , the cost of it and the weeklong hospital stay in India came to about $ 8,000 . It 's a fraction of the price she was quoted elsewhere , as is the cost of the post-transplant medication . "  This last surgery , I keep saying , has been remarkable . " Irungu said . "  I have n't felt as good post transplant as I did this time around . " After three months in India , Irungu is leaving with four kidneys inside her . Irungu says for now the newly transplanted kidney seems to be working great . "  From my experience , the cost here and the quality of care is worth it , " Irungu said . "  It 's worth it because instead of you sitting wherever you are , thinking , ` This is the end for me , ' or just getting depressed or getting into this struggle ,  you can  just pack up and go . "	Woman travels from Kenya to India for a tricky third kidney transplant Lorna Irungu suffers from lupus and already has received two previous transplants One kidney was removed during the surgery to make room for the new kidney Irungu now has four kidneys , but only one works properly
CNN  -- Sri Lankans went to the polls on Tuesday in the island nation 's first peacetime presidential election in 26 years , despite explosions and mortar fire in the capital of Northern Province hours before polls opened . Once a stronghold for the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , the Northern Province city of Jaffna was a frequent battleground for the rebels and Sri Lankan government troops until a government offensive last year crushed the Tigers . While it was n't clear what the explosions were , they were nothing new for Jaffnans , who have lived under military control for decades . More than 14 million Sri Lankans are expected to elect their sixth executive president to a six-year term . Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa is seeking a fresh mandate for his government , but he faces a tough challenge from his one-time confidante and former Army commander , retired General Sarath Fonseka . Rajapaksa cast his vote in his ancestral town of Medamulana , near the southern town of Tangalle . "  I am very confident of victory , " he told journalists . Fonseka was expected to visit a polling booth in Colombo . Queues were large outside most polling booths in Colombo and principal towns , election officials said . "  I waited in a queue for 45 minutes before I could cast my ballot , " said Damayantha Perera of the Colombo suburb of Maharagama . "  I also had to wait for almost an hour , " said W. Ramiah , a resident of Nugegoda , also of Colombo . Fonseka , who won wide acclaim for leading troops to military victory against the rebels , broke ranks with the Rajapaksa administration after he was elevated to the largely ceremonial post of chief of defense staff in July after retiring as Army commander . After Fonseka announced his presidential bid , the main opposition parties -- with widely diverse political ideologies -- closed ranks behind him to make him their common candidate . "  There has been abuse of power , corruption and nepotism . We want to abolish the executive presidency and make the parliament more answerable to the people . The best person to do this is the one who defeated terrorism , " Ranil Wickremesinghe , leader of the United National Party , told CNN . Many of Rajapaksa 's family members , including his brothers , hold key positions in the government : Chamal is a Cabinet minister , Gotabhaya is Defense Secretary , and Basil is a member of parliament and senior presidential adviser . Other members of the family hold important positions locally and in Sri Lanka 's diplomatic missions abroad . The coalition of parties backing Fonseka includes a main opposition right wing party and a leftist Marxist outfit , as well as the Tamil National Alliance . Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu of the Center for Policy Alternatives , a branch of the Centre for Monitoring Election Violence , said the situation in Sri Lanka , however , is "  a picture of dysfunction and breakdown . " There have been allegations of interference with mail-in ballots , according to the group . Most of the complaints have been against members of Rajapaksa 's government , it said . There have been more than 700 reports of violence ahead of the election , with at least four deaths reported , Saravanamuttu said . Sri Lankans are casting their ballots in more than 11,000 voting booths across the nation . Local leaders have urged a peaceful voting day amid the escalating violence , including the shooting deaths of two people -- one a supporter of the opposition and the other of the government . A contingent of 85,000 police officers have been deployed to maintain law and order , said Mahinda Balasooriya , the inspector general of police . Each polling station has two to three police officers on duty , he said . The spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last week that the U.N. chief was "  concerned about the growing violence in the lead-up to the presidential election . " "  The peaceful conduct of the first post-conflict national election is of the highest importance for long-term peace and reconciliation in Sri Lanka , " he added . CNN 's Sara Sidner and Iqbal Athas contributed to this report .	NEW : Queues were large outside most Colombo polling booths , election officials say NEW : President Rajapaksa casts his vote in ancestral town of Medamulana He faces tough challenge from retired Gen. Fonseka Police : Contingent of 85,000 police officers deployed to maintain law and order
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Watching and playing golf is par for the course for most fans of the game -- but how about owning a piece of the sport 's history ? Golf memorabilia is very collectable and clubs in mint condition can go for a lot of money at auction . A Chinese businessman recently splashed out almost $ 200,000 on the largest collection of hickory golf clubs ever made . But golf memorabilia is not just the preserve of the very wealthy . Bonhams Auctioneers in Chester , England will auction off golf items which appeal to fans with large and small budgets at an auction in the city on July 25 . Do you collect golf memorabilia ? What kind of items are interested in ? Add your comments in the Sound Off box below . Kevin McGimpsey , who is an expert in golfing memorabilia at Bonhams , admitted a number of fans remain keen to invest in items despite the current economic climate . "  There is still a healthy appetite for golf memorabilia at auction , the most popular items tend to be programs -- those from the majors and also the Ryder Cup are particularly collectable and ones from the 1930s and 1940s can fetch upwards of $ 800 . "  In terms of the more modern stuff -- anything Tiger Woods-related tends to sell well and items which are n't necessarily available to the general public tend to be very collectable . "  For example a signed menu from a Ryder Cup dinner would fetch a good price . "  Sometimes the most valuable items can be found tucked away in an uncle 's attic or shed and not discovered for years . Check out the golfing memorabilia gallery for some of the items up for auction . " "  And as for the most valuable piece of memorabilia it is probably a spur iron club which was used in the 1600s . The last time one of these came up for auction it went for $ 350,000 -- although it would probably be nearer to $ 500,000 today , " McGimpsey added . The record price for a club sold in Britain was $ 170,000 paid in 1998 at Christie 's for a metal-headed , blade putter . A figure that eclipsed the amount an early 18th-century Scottish club raised when it went under the hammer for $ 150,000 at Sotheby 's annual golfing memorabilia auction held in Musselburgh near Edinburgh . It is no coincidence that items from the history of the sport litter auction houses around the world , as the sport has many wealthy collectors and centuries of play from which to quarry objects . King James II of Scotland documented the first official record of golf in 1457 when he banned the game because it had proved distracting to his soldiers who played the game as an alternative to archery practice . The earliest set of woods and irons are thought to date from the early 1600s , though it has proved hard to accurately date the equipment thus far .	Golf memorabilia remains popular with fans despite tough economic times The most valuable items can be sold at auction for as much as $ 500,000 Programs from golf 's majors and the Ryder Cup are the most collectable
CNN  -- The hidden skeleton of a woman who had been missing for 28 years came to light when a contractor cleaned out a vacant home in the Town of Poughkeepsie , New York . The gruesome find was uncovered behind a ` false wall ' in the basement of the home the woman had shared with her late husband , police said . Joann Nichols ' remains were found inside a large plastic bin , inside a plastic bag and wrapped in a sheet , said Dr. Kari Reiber , the Dutchess County Medical Examiner . "  The body was skeletonized and the hands were tied with rope . ... A large area of the right side of the skull was also missing , " Reiber said . Sealing the body in the plastic bin behind a false wall might have been enough to mask the smell as the body decomposed , she said . Members of the medical examiner 's office removed the body after it was found Friday and were able to identify Nichols through dental records . An autopsy showed the cause of death was blunt force trauma to the head , according to Reiber . Nichols , a 55-year-old former first-grade teacher at Gayhead Elementary School in Hopewell Junction New York , was reported missing on December 21 , 1985 , by her husband , James Nichols . Police said he called in the report after his wife did n't show up for a hair appointment at a beauty parlor earlier that day . The next day the couple 's vehicle was discovered in the parking lot of a shopping center in the town . Police Chief Thomas Mauro said an intensive investigation followed , but the woman was never located . The case had remained open since 1985 and was reviewed annually by police , he said . James Nichols was found dead in the home on December 27 after concerned neighbors called police because they had not seen him in several days . He was 82 and died of natural causes , police said . Officers said they found the house filled with personal items , debris and garbage . No one in Nichols ' family came forward to claim his body or take control of his estate , so Dutchess County Commissioner of Finance Pamela Barrack was appointed as temporary administrator , according to Barrack 's attorney , Kelly Traver . "  We were only able to locate two family members of Mr. Nichols , but they were not able to claim his body , " Traver said . Nichols was buried by the Dutchess County Department of Community and Family Services in an unknown location , Traver said . The Town of Poughkeepsie Police Department said it has not closed the case and will continue to examine the new forensic evidence . "  It 's now safe to say James Nichols is a suspect in this case , " said police Capt. Paul LeComte . The Town of Poughkeepsie surrounds the City of Poughkeepsie in southeastern New York State , about 70 miles north of New York City . Child 's body found under tarp in middle of Texas street	A contractor finds a skeleton inside a container behind a false wall Joann Nichols ' husband reported her missing in 1985 Her husband continued to live in the house until he died there in December
Frank Schleck is to leave the Tour de France after the International Cycling Union  ICU  revealed he had tested positive for a banned substance . Schleck , from Luxembourg , finished third in the iconic race last year but his Radioshack team have said he will take no further part in the Tour after he tested positive for the diuretic Xipamide . The 32-year-old is currently 12th place in this year 's race , nine minutes and 45 seconds behind the leader , Team Sky 's Bradley Wiggins . A statement from the sport 's governing body said a sample collected from Schleck on July 14 had failed their screening process . "  Earlier today the UCI advised the Luxembourger rider Frank Schleck of an adverse analytical finding  presence of the diuretic Xipamide ...  in the urine sample collected from him at an in competition test , " the UCI said . "  The UCI Anti-Doping Rules do not provide for a provisional suspension given the nature of the substance , which is a specified substance . "  However , the UCI is confident that his team will take the necessary steps to enable the Tour de France to continue in serenity and to ensure that their rider has the opportunity to properly prepare his defense in particular within the legal time line , which allows four days for him to have his B sample analyzed . " According to the World Anti Doping Agency , an offense involving a specified substance allows a tribunal more flexibility , and recognizes it is possible for such a substance to enter an athlete 's body inadvertently . "  There is a greater likelihood that these substances could be susceptible to a credible non-doping explanation , " their website explains . Soon after the ICU 's statement , Radioshack responded with one of their own stating Schleck would take no further part in this year 's Tour . It read : "  After being informed by the UCI about the presence of Xipamide in the urine sample of Frank Schleck on July 14 , the team has decided to immediately withdraw Frank Schleck from the Tour de France . "  Even though an abnormal A sample does not require these measures , Mr Schleck and the team believe this is the right thing to do , to ensure the Tour de France can go on in calm and that Frank Schleck can prepare his defense in accordance with the legal timing to do so . "  On the subject of Xipamide the team can declare the following : it is not a product that is present in any of the medicine that the team uses and the reason for the presence of Xipamide in the urine sample of Mr Schleck is unclear to the team . "  Therefore , the team is not able to explain the adverse findings at this point . However , the team is fully determined to collaborate with the anti-doping agencies in order to resolve the matter . " Schleck is the brother of Andy , who was belatedly awarded with the 2010 Tour de France title after Alberto Contador 's original victory was wiped out for doping offences .	Frank Schleck to leave Tour de France after testing positive for banned substance Cycling 's governing body says Radioshack rider tested positive for diuretic Xipamide Schleck 's team say he will not race for them again during the rest of the Tour The 32-year-old finished third in 2011 and is brother of 2010 Tour winner Andy
CNN  -- It was April 1975 when I was packed into a military transport plane with two of my siblings as the Vietnam War ended . We left Vietnam to escape communist rule and eventually , take on an additional identity . I was 8 years old , and being separated from both parents for the first time in my life was confusing and scary . My mother decided to stay behind with my five remaining siblings to wait for my father to return . An officer in the South Vietnam Army fighting alongside the Americans during the Vietnam War , my father spent the next seven years in the communist prisons , which were euphemistically called "  re-education camps . " It was many years later when our family was reunited . The challenges I faced growing up were probably not that different from the struggles all other immigrants face when they first arrive in the United States . I suppose most immigrants , regardless of origin , would have to deal with obstacles such as the language barrier and unfamiliar customs . I vividly remember small things like missing rice as the staple in my diet and bigger challenges , including loneliness and the sense of being displaced . I never imagined that one day I would think nothing of ordering gumbo or eating burritos , much less have a career in politics as the U.S. congressman representing the 2nd District of Louisiana . Like most immigrants , my siblings and I learned to assimilate into this big melting pot called the United States of America . We worked hard on our studies and in our businesses . Along with other Vietnamese immigrants and refugees of the time , stories of successes and heartbreaks quickly spread around the community . Although the academic achievements of Vietnamese students in schools were touted in the media , we also agonized over the horrific news about the plights of the Vietnamese boat people . Facing persecution and hardship in the old country , Vietnamese refugees braved the perilous seas aboard small fishing boats to seek freedom . Many lost their lives to piracy , storm and starvation . The lucky ones who were able to land somewhere would face cold rejections by a world grown tired of having to deal with refugee problems . The boat people saga continued well into the 1990s . I volunteered with Boat People SOS , a national organization that advocates for the refugees . My experience with them shaped my path in the years to come . After graduating from Baylor University with a bachelor 's degree in physics , I joined the Jesuits for the priesthood . After working with some of the poorest communities in Third World countries , I decided that politics would bring about quicker changes for the less fortunate among us . I studied to be a lawyer , and while working as an immigration lawyer in New Orleans , Louisiana , Hurricane Katrina changed my life . The storm destroyed my home and office . Like many in my Vietnamese-American community in New Orleans , I came back to pick up the pieces after the storm . Facing one obstacle after another , we fought as a community to rebuild our homes and lives . During our efforts to close a landfill the city and state had opened right next to our community , Rep. Mike Honda came to hear our complaint and did not find anyone from within the community in public office to advocate for ourselves . He asked : "  Who among you wants to run ? " I raised my hand and began a new course as a public servant . It has been 35 years since the first wave of Vietnamese refugees landed on American soil . Now things like Pho and spring rolls have joined the Americana mainstream . I no longer see myself as a displaced stranger ; I am a Vietnamese-American .	Ahn "  Joseph " Cao left Vietnam at 8 in a military transport plane at war 's end His mother stayed with his five siblings as father spent years in communist prisons Without parents , he faced language barrier , unfamiliar customs and loneliness He was in New Orleans during Katrina ; decided to run for office to change things
CNN  -- Six people were injured Sunday afternoon when a US Airways flight hit severe turbulence shortly after taking off from Philadelphia International Airport , an airline spokesman said . Five people , including two flight attendants , were taken to hospitals for treatment after the plane returned to Philadelphia , said spokesman Bill McGlashen . The sixth did n't need hospitalization . There were 265 people on board , including a crew of 10 , when the Airbus A330 hit turbulence at about 17,000 feet over Delaware . "  All of a sudden , there was ... a drop like you 're going down the bottom of a roller coaster , " Jake Levin told CNN affiliate WKMG after the flight arrived about 5 hours late in Orlando . "  You saw ... shoes and apples and all kinds of things  flying in the air  . It was so quick , " he said . "  They were n't sure if we were dropping for good or what was happening . " It was a terrifying experience for his girlfriend Victoria Raines . "  I though we were going down , " she said . "  I really did . " Flight 735 was flying from Philadelphia to Orlando at the time of the incident . There had been some reports of light turbulence in the area , but nothing as severe as what the plane ran into . The Federal Aviation Administration will investigate . In a separate incident , the wing of a WestJet 737 clipped the horizontal stabilizer of a JetBlue plane while on the ground at Orlando International Airport . The horizontal stabilizer is the back set of wings . The WestJet flight was pushing back from the gate when the incident happened , according to the FAA . What is turbulence ? Cathay crew , passengers hospitalized after turbulence Safety investigators to look at United flight hit by turbulence CNN 's Joe Sutton and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Flight 735 was en route to Orlando from Philadelphia The Airbus A330 was at 17,000 feet when it hit the turbulence Three people were taken to hospitals The FAA will investigate
CNN  -- On Tuesday afternoon , President Obama will meet with Republican Congressional leaders for the first time since the midterm election . The White House meeting had been dubbed the "  Slurpee summit , " but it 's going to take something stronger than a flavored ice shake to cut through the deep distrust that 's accumulated between these two parties . The Kool-Aid that gets passed around Washington most often these days is the belief that our political opponents are sworn enemies . It is an idea compounded by partisan media that demonizes even minor disagreements . But it was n't always this way . In the past , Democrats and Republicans could disagree on policies throughout the day , then meet together for a drink or dinner . Their children went to school together . Their families saw each other on the weekends or at worship services . But now congressmen fly home from Washington as often as possible . There is very little time for across-the-aisle socializing and much more time for accusing opponents of being socialist . Our political leaders do n't get to know each other as people . That 's where the cigarette comes in . It 's a strange fact that Obama and speaker-elect John Boehner have been known to smoke , while the majority of Americans have given up this once common vice . It is a streak of illogic and self-destructiveness in otherwise disciplined and ambitious men who have climbed to the top of their field without wheezing . So if Boehner and Obama are both going to be tempted to sneak out for a smoke at some point during their bipartisan summit , here 's a suggestion : Do it together . Have an honest off-the-record conversation and get to know each other as individuals . These two men come from very different backgrounds . Boehner was one of a dozen children whose father ran a bar in Ohio ; Obama was raised by a single mother in Hawaii after his father returned to Africa . But they are both examples of the American dream , and they both love their country . Sharing a smoke is an opportunity to acknowledge that they 're both hugely accomplished but still flawed individuals . It 's an opportunity to admit that , yes , they have serious philosophical differences but that , for the good of the country , they need to find a way to work together , and that begins with a conversation . Unguarded , off-the-record socializing was an important reason the closely divided Congresses of the 1950s worked so effectively . Then Majority Leader Lyndon B. Johnson smoked and drank and played cards with his Republican counterparts . Of course , he was then considered a conservative southern Democrat , and that made it easier to reach across the aisle during the Eisenhower administration . The decline of both progressive Republicans and conservative Democrats has made the partisan gulf wider . But even in the epic philosophic fights that accompanied the Watergate era and the Reagan administration , House Speaker Tip O'Neill would famously have a drink with President Ford or President Reagan after a long day of principled differences and parliamentary maneuvers . It was a recognition of a forgotten American wisdom - that our political opponents are not our enemies . In contrast , let 's cite just one small recent example of how far we 've fallen . On Monday , Republican Rep. Joe Barton created a PowerPoint presentation , first reported by the Huffington Post , in his bid to secure the chairmanship of the Energy Committee . It compared Republican congressional leaders to General Eisenhower , General Omar Bradley , and General George S. Patton in "  battle against the Obama administration . " The only problem here is that this would , by implication , make the president and his Democratic allies the Nazi German army . This is unhelpful in creating a tone of mutual respect and constructive engagement . But we seem to be getting desensitized to such loaded comparisons . Once Obama and Boehner get past the interpersonal niceties , there is some common ground substance to discuss . Friendly recognition of Obama 's decision to announce a two-year pay freeze for all federal workers would be a step in the right direction . It was a policy proposal advanced by many Republicans in recent months . It should be treated as the beginning of some good faith bargaining going forward . Likewise , there might be some compromise on extending the tax cuts for households that make less than $ 1 million a year . On the deficit and debt front , Obama and Boehner could agree to back the bipartisan deficit reduction panel if it comes back with proposals . The deep distrust and persuasive hyper-partisanship that has suffused our political debates makes that kind of common ground conversation almost impossible . But the time for campaigning has ended . The time for governing has begun again . Sharing a smoke -- however unwise or un-PC that might sound -- or a drink or a meal every once in a while is just one way to jumpstart a relationship . In a democracy , government can not be a warfare of interests . It depends on people in our government honoring principled disagreements but always keeping in mind that what unites us as Americans is more important than what divides us . The responsibility of leadership is to repair some of the broken trust in American institutions . That effort must extend beyond photo-op bipartisanship . It must be built on the foundation of honest conversation and getting to know each other as people rather than partisan caricatures with cloven hooves and horns . A cigarette summit is n't a one-step solution , it 's just the start of a conversation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	President Obama and new Republican congressional leaders meet this week They 'll meet as bitter rivals ; such meetings were n't always this way , John Avlon says Politicians once could disagree by day , negotiate over friendly dinners by night , Avlon says Avlon : Obama , John Boehner should sit down with a cigarette and find common ground
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House has provided the use of a government airplane to a key Democratic senator in order to ensure the availability of what may prove to be the deciding 60th vote in favor of the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package . Sen. Sherrod Brown , D-Ohio , could represent the decisive 60th vote on the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package . Sen. Sherrod Brown , D-Ohio , has returned to his home state to attend a wake for his 88-year-old mother , who died February 2 from complications from leukemia . At the end of the wake , Brown will be flown from Mansfield , Ohio , to Andrews Air Force Base . After he casts his vote , he will return to Ohio for his mother 's funeral early Saturday . The plane is being provided by the White House , Brown 's office said , because the vote is considered "  official business , " and there are no commercial flights available that would allow him to cast the vote and return to Ohio for his mother 's funeral Saturday morning . A White House official refused to provide a cost estimate for the military plane , but acknowledged "  it will be a higher cost than if he were flying commercial . " The official said it is a "  small government plane . " "  Taking immediate action to save or create 3.5 million jobs and get America 's economy moving again is a top priority for Ohio and the nation , " said the White House official . "  Given that no commercial flights were available that would allow Sen. Brown to make the vote and to attend services memorializing his mother , the administration provided government transportation to ensure that he could do so . " While the final Senate vote on the stimulus plan began at 5:30 p.m. ET , senators are expected to be allowed to vote until after 10:30 p.m. , giving Brown enough time to return to the Capitol . CNN 's Ed Henry and Ted Barrett contributed to this report	White House provides plane to Democratic senator so he can vote on stimulus bill Sen. Sherrod Brown , D-Ohio , may represent the decisive 60th vote on measure Brown will vote between wake and funeral in Ohio for his mother , who died at age 88 White House official says loaner is a "  small government plane "
CNN  -- The growing number of foreign websites that offer counterfeit or stolen goods continues to threaten American technology , products and jobs . Illegal counterfeiting and piracy costs the U.S. economy $ 100 billion and thousands of jobs every year . Congress can not stand by and do nothing while some of America 's most profitable and productive industries are under attack . Internet protest stalls online piracy bills in Congress The Stop Online Piracy Act protects consumers and innovators by targeting foreign websites that traffic in stolen or counterfeit products , everything from movies to medicine to baby food . A great deal of misinformation about the bill has been spread around the Internet . This information does a disservice to consumers , and it is being disseminated by those who have profited from working with illegal websites that steal and sell America 's intellectual property . For instance , Google -- a major opponent of the bill -- paid $ 500 million to settle a criminal investigation for promoting foreign illegal online pharmacies , possibly endangering Americans ' health . So their claims that SOPA will "  censor " the Internet are self-serving . The online blackout that occurred this week , which included Wikipedia , was also misleading . Wikipedia has nothing to fear from SOPA . It is ironic that a website dedicated to providing information knowingly offered misinformation about the bill . SOPA will not harm Wikipedia , domestic blogs or social networking sites . Opinion : Why SOPA still needs work Hyperbole has been rampant in the debate about SOPA . However , the bill in no way censors the Internet . It only targets activity that is already illegal , and only targets foreign websites that are dedicated to illegal or infringing activity . In fact , it is similar to laws that already govern websites based in the U.S. . What has not been publicized is the broad support for SOPA . It has been endorsed by a diverse group of organizations , including the National Association of Manufacturers , International Union of Police Associations , the U.S. Conference of Mayors , the National Songwriters Association and the National Center for Victims of Crime . The bill has even united strange bedfellows : the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the AFL-CIO . It 's not every day that you see business and labor on the same side of an issue . Even the White House has weighed in , endorsing the need for legislation to combat online piracy that protects free speech , the Internet and America 's intellectual property . Like the White House , I oppose the censorship of legal activity on the Internet . I respect the First Amendment and believe that any legislation passed by Congress must protect and defend our constitutional rights . But illegal and criminal activity is not protected by the First Amendment simply because it takes place online . For example , there is no First Amendment right to view , distribute or download child pornography over the Internet . Like child pornography , the theft of intellectual property is also illegal in the United States . The Stop Online Piracy Act works by cutting off the money to foreign illegal sites and making it harder for online criminals to market and distribute illegal products to U.S. consumers . The bill includes provisions that "  follow the money " to cut off the main sources of revenue to these sites , and also protects consumers from being directed to foreign illegal websites by search engines . And it provides innovators with a way to bring claims against foreign illegal sites that steal and sell their technology , inventions and products . Opinion : Online piracy laws must preserve Web freedom I realize some people are nervous because of the misinformation surrounding this bill , but I am confident that ultimately the facts will overcome fears . I am open to constructive suggestions that protect American inventors and intellectual property rights holders . Unfortunately , some critics simply want to maintain the status quo that harms U.S. companies , consumers and innovators . We will continue to work with members of Congress , outside organizations and stakeholders to reach consensus and produce strong legislation that protects American innovators and jobs . Editor 's note : Time Warner , the parent company of CNN , is among the industry supporters of the legislation . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lamar Smith .	Illegal counterfeiting and piracy hurt the U.S. economy Smith : Stop Online Piracy Act designed to protect consumers , companies Smith : Misinformation about the bill has spread around the Internet He 's open to constructive suggestions that will produce strong anti-piracy legislation
CNN  -- YouTube : It 's not just for cute cats anymore . The Web 's leading video site is now the home of a new kind of interactive visual journalism , where "  citizen witnesses " are reaching millions of people with the news of the day , according to a new report from the Pew Research Center . A prime example was the tsunami that hit Japan in March 2011 . In the week following the earthquake that caused the deadly wave , the 20 most-watched news videos on YouTube received 96 million views , according to the report . Most of that footage came not from professionals but from users who were in the middle of the disaster that killed more than 18,000 people . "  Citizens are creating their own videos about news and posting them , " read the report released Monday . "  They are also actively sharing news videos produced by journalism professionals . And news organizations are taking advantage of citizen content and incorporating it into their journalism . "  Consumers , in turn , seem to be embracing the interplay in what they watch and share , creating a new kind of television news . " In effect , Pew describes an emerging partnership of sorts between traditional media outlets and citizen journalists . While many of the tsunami videos were user-generated , they received most of their views after being shared by professional outlets on the site , the report said . CNN has officially embraced citizen journalism since 2006 with CNN iReport , which encourages users around the world to share news , opinions , images and video on a wide range of topics . The second annual iReport Awards this month honored an iReporter 's eyewitness footage of the 2011 Indiana State Fair stage collapse , among other video clips . The Pew Research Center 's Project for Excellence in Journalism studied 15 months ' worth of news videos between January 2011 and March 2012 , tracking the five most popular videos each week in the "  News & Politics " channel on YouTube . "  The data reveal that a complex , symbiotic relationship has developed between citizens and news organizations on YouTube , a relationship that comes close to the continuous journalistic ` dialogue ' many observers predicted would become the new journalism online , " the report said . Among the study 's findings : • Video of natural disasters tends to draw the most attention . • News events outside the United States topped the list . The three most-viewed topics were the tsunami , Russian elections and unrest in the Middle East . As Pew notes , 70 % of YouTube 's traffic comes from outside the United States . • More than one-third  39 %  of the top videos were clearly citizen-generated and another 51 % -- making a whopping 90 % of all videos studied -- came from news organizations but included some user-created content . • Personalities do n't seem to be a big deal for YouTube news seekers . No individual appeared in more than 5 % of the top news videos , with President Barack Obama topping the list by appearing in 4 % . While the numbers are impressive , they still pale in comparison to the number of viewers of traditional television news . The report compares the 96 million-view week for tsunami videos to the roughly 22 million people who watch network news shows each evening .  That 's 154 million over a seven-day period , and does n't include cable or local news . The difference , Pew notes , is that sites such as YouTube provide for "  a la carte " news , letting users choose their own programming . The report does note one potentially troubling aspect of YouTube news sharing . Giving credit for videos , the report said , can get blurry , a problem stemming from a lack of clear ethical guidelines . Researchers found instances of traditional news sites apparently using citizen-created videos without clearly attributing them as well as citizens posting copyrighted material without permission . "  All this creates the potential for news to be manufactured , or even falsified , without giving audiences much ability to know who produced it or how to verify it , " the report said .	Report : YouTube is becoming home to a new kind of visual journalism Pew Research Center says news events are some of YouTube 's most popular clips Much of the news videos are from users , not traditional news sites Japanese tsunami , Russian elections and Middle East unrest were big on the site
An American couple that went missing on a bike trek through Peru has been spotted "  safe and sound , " the South American country 's top tourism official said Tuesday . Jamie Neal and Garrett Hand are heading upstream in a small boat on a jungle river , said Jose Luis Silva , Peru 's minister of tourism and commerce . "  They 're currently in a remote , paradise-like region of the Peruvian Amazon , which is difficult to access , " he told CNN . But even as authorities trumpeted the news , Hand 's mother said in a statement that she wo n't believe it until she hears directly from her son . "  We have not heard from them since January 25 , nor have they accessed bank accounts since that time , " mother Francine Fitzgerald said . "  We have only the worst to consider as to why . " The couple , who hail from the San Francisco area , left last November and began a series of social media posts chronicling the trip of their dreams -- a four-month bike adventure through South America . "  Will be riding my bike in other countries and out of contact for 4 months ! " Neal wrote in a November Facebook post before flying with Hand to Buenos Aires , Argentina . But for weeks , the couple shared photos online from their trek through Argentina , Chile and Peru , showing themselves posing beside their bikes on remote mountain roads , camping out in tents and smiling at the beach . In late January , however , their Internet postings stopped and calls to their cell phones went unanswered . Family members say no one has been able to get in touch with them since then . Fitzgerald said both the U.S. Embassy in Peru and the country 's interior ministry have called to say that Neal and Hand were spotted . But that 's not enough , she said . "  Let me reiterate , until we have PROOF OF LIFE , we can not celebrate these rumors and sightings , " she wrote on a Facebook page set up to facilitate a search for the couple . "  Proof of life is my son 's voice on the phone and a picture of him holding the missing poster . " Silva told CNN that the tourism ministry learned of the couple 's location from police , who received a report from a clinic in the town of Angoteros after sending out a nationwide alert about the missing couple . The ministry will send a hydroplane tomorrow to shoot video of the couple and provide proof they 're doing OK , he said . "  They have no idea of the commotion they have caused in the media , " he said , "  because they simply ca n't communicate with family from where they currently are . " Neal and Hand , both 25 , according to a family flyer , were last seen in Lima , the Peruvian capital . But some of the areas they planned to visit are out of cell phone and Internet reach . The Peruvian National Police earlier told CNN that the manager of a hostel in Pucallpa , where the couple stayed , confirmed to a police investigator they reached the jungle city in early February . The manager of Arco Iris Amazonica , a small hotel in the rain forest city of Iquitos , told police the couple stayed there on February 16 and told him they planned to travel to the town of Naplo , a 15-day trek . Peru is known for the Inca ruins of Machu Picchu , located in the Cusco region , which attract hundreds of thousands of international travelers each year . Two weeks ago , the U.S. Embassy in Lima issued a security message warning Americans of "  a potential kidnapping threat in the Cusco area . " "  The Embassy has received information that members of a criminal organization may be planning to kidnap U.S. citizen tourists in the Cusco and Machu Picchu area , " the message said . But it also clarified that "  thousands of U.S. citizens routinely travel to the Cusco region without undue incident . The U.S. Embassy remains confident of the Peruvian government 's efforts to ensure the safety of all tourists in the region . " Peru 's tourism minister said Tuesday that he was "  deeply concerned " about the negative impact of reports of the missing American couple . The reason the couple has been out of touch for so long has nothing to do with any crime , he said . "  These two young people have fallen in love with Peru , " Silva said . "  They have visited off-the-beaten-path places and it seems like they 're having a blast -- so much so that they have forgotten to communicate with their families . "	Peru 's tourism minister say Jamie Neal and Garrett Hand were found in the Amazon Hand 's mother says she wo n't believe the news until she hears directly from her son Family and friends have not been able to reach the couple since January Some areas they planned to visit are out of cell phone and Internet reach
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A 19-year-old prostitute working in an apartment that doubles as a brothel said she has up to eight clients a day . A woman awaits customers at a Beijing barber shop in 2008 . Sex workers also ply their trade in barber shops . Working in the southern boom city of Shenzhen , a special economic zone just north of Hong Kong , she told CNN she worries about getting AIDS , but has her own prevention measures . "  I always use condoms or take an injection . The medicine can prevent sexually transmitted diseases , " she said . "  Some girls do not use prevention measures , but we do n't talk about that in public . " This young woman , who would not give her name , is part of a group that Chinese and international health authorities are concerned could potentially spread HIV and AIDS in the world 's most populated country , so officials have stepped up efforts to educate them about the virus and dispel misconceptions about so-called "  injections " that can prevent infection . "  I think sex work is probably one of the most important factors for the potential of HIV spreading in Asia and also in China . There is no doubt about it , " said Bernhard Schwartlander , UNAIDS China Country Coordinator . "  One of the things that we have seen in China is that knowledge about HIV/AIDS is very low in the general population and certainly also in the sex work industry . That is a big , big problem , " Schwartlander said . It is estimated that some 700,000 people are living with HIV in China and there are about 50,000 new infections every year , according to the Chinese government and UNAIDS . The U.N. agency believes a significant number of those new infections include sex workers . Prostitution is officially illegal in China , but very loosely addressed by the government . It is estimated that there are between two and four million sex workers in China . As the country 's economy has boomed , so has the sex industry , especially in prosperous cities like Shenzhen . Many clients flock there from Hong Kong which is just an hour away , some of them businessmen with money to spend . Condom use in China can range anywhere from about 20 percent to 80 percent , according to UNAIDS . "  There are misconceptions . People think that they can avoid HIV infections by taking a pill . People think that they are not at risk for HIV infections because they do n't know anybody  who has it  , because you ca n't see it , you ca n't touch it . And clearly , this is something that we have to change very rapidly , " Schwartlander said . Historically , HIV and AIDS have been taboo topics in China , another reason awareness can be so low . Prevention in the gay community has also been difficult because of traditional stigmas against homosexuality . But the Chinese government is now conducting educational campaigns to inform higher risk groups , including sex workers , about how to prevent the transmission of HIV . "  After years of these campaigns , we found out through survey that condom use is constantly increasing , especially in urban areas , the condom use can reach 70 percent or even up to 80 percent , " said Hao Yang , Deputy Bureau Chief of the Chinese Health Ministry 's Disease Prevention and Control Bureau . But other areas are proving difficult . In rural parts of the country , the proportion of condom use among sex workers is less than 50 percent , Hao said . "  When we go to investigate in rural areas , the proportion of people with this knowledge  of AIDS prevention  is still very low , " he said . "  In addition to that , the proportion of change in their activities is also very low , which means that the condom use rate is still low . " About one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has HIV , Schwartlander said . But in one part of Yunnan province in the country 's far southwest , seven percent of the sex workers -- or as many as 14 in every 200 -- have HIV , according to UNAIDS . "  The sex workers living in remote areas and rural areas have played an important role in AIDS spreading . We do not have a precise figure for the proportion that sex workers make up in it  the spread of AIDS  , but we can say that they are making up a significant proportion , " Hao said . The government has a long-term plan to educate the general public and to strengthen intervention in the high-risk populations , particularly sex workers , Hao said . When HIV initially began to spread in China , infections were concentrated among people who injected drugs , Schwartlander said . Campaigns among this group have been effective , while infections among other groups have risen . One of those groups , Hao said , was men having sex with men , which accounts for 5.9 percent of infections , according to the Chinese Health Ministry . A majority of the infections are concentrated among drug users , men having sex with men , and sex workers and their clients , Schwartlander said . "  Society and communities have been able to curb the spread of HIV , also in sex work , and that is what we have to do , " Schwartlander said . As China 's economy grows , it is likely the sex industry will as well . Current estimates show that some 30 to 50 million people are at significant risk for HIV infection , Schwartlander said . "  China is a society which is in quite a significant transition . There is a huge increase in disparity of income between the rich and the poor , and all these are very well-known factors that drive the sex industry forward , " Schwartlander said . "  Clearly , in China , I think that the sex industry is a rising industry . We will see an increase in the number of sex workers due to these factors in the future . " A 22-year-old prostitute in Shenzhen , who did not want to give her name , said she knows the risk but needs the work . "  AIDS is the number one killer for my job . I can not let this disease destroy my life . This is only a short-term business . I do n't have any relatives in Shenzhen and ca n't borrow any money . I can only rely on myself . "	Some people in China believe injections or a pill can prevent infection Some 700,000 people have HIV in China ; about 50,000 new infections yearly About one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has HIV As China 's economy has boomed , so has the sex industry
CNN  -- It 's as predictable as the sun rising and setting . Even though police made more than 850,000 marijuana arrests last year , a recent government report shows youth marijuana use increased by about 9 percent . Supporters of the failed war on drugs will no doubt argue this increase means policymakers should spend more taxpayer money next year arresting and incarcerating a greater number of Americans . In other words , their solution to failure is to do more of the same . Fortunately , the "  reform nothing " club is getting mighty lonely these days -- 76 percent of Americans recognize the drug war has failed ; millions are demanding change . In the almost 40 years since President Nixon declared a war on drugs , tens of millions of Americans have been arrested and hundreds of billions of dollars have been spent . Yet drugs are just as available now as they were then . It is hard to find even an elected official who has n't used marijuana or other illegal drugs . President Obama used drugs . Former President George W. Bush made taped comments that many interpreted as indicating he did too . Then there 's Bill Clinton , who famously said he smoked pot but did n't inhale . Al Gore , Newt Gingrich and Sarah Palin admit they used drugs . Drug use is so widespread the FBI changed its policy of not hiring people with a history of illegal drug use because the policy disqualified so many people that it could not fill its law enforcement positions . The war on drugs has n't just failed ; it 's created problems of it own . Laws restricting the availability of sterile syringes have increased the spread of AIDS and hepatitis C. Aggressive campaigns to arrest and incarcerate drug users have increased drug-related deaths by making drug users too afraid to call 911 when a friend is overdosing . The government 's misleading and over-the-top anti-drug messages have made young people mistrust other anti-drug messages from parents and adults . Mass incarceration of drug offenders has drained state and federal resources , distracted police from dealing with violent crime , and produced a generation of children with one or both parents behind bars instead of at home . The racial disparities are appalling . As Michelle Alexander so eloquently shows in her new book , "  The New Jim Crow , " a drug conviction automatically makes a person a second-class citizen who can be legally discriminated against in housing and employment , denied school loans , and barred for life from serving on juries , accessing public benefits and even voting . While African Americans make up only about 13 percent of the U.S. population and about 15 percent of drug users , they make up about 38 percent of those arrested for drug law violations and a mind-boggling 59 percent of those convicted for drug law violations . Like Prohibition did for alcohol , drug prohibition is also enriching organized crime . Instead of regulating marijuana to control who can access it , policymakers have ceded control of the $ 400-billion-a-year global drug market to crime syndicates and thugs . In Mexico , where parts of the country are like Chicago under Al Capone on steroids , 28,000 people have died since President Calderón launched a war three years ago against well-armed , well-funded drug trafficking organizations . The U.S. government does n't report its prohibition-related deaths , but law enforcement officers , drug offenders and civilians die every day in our country 's war on drugs , too . It is long past time to abandon the silly notion that America can be a drug-free nation . The inconvenient truth in drug policy is that Americans love drugs -- alcohol , caffeine , marijuana , cocaine , and prescription drugs for everything from anxiety to fatigue . Although some people develop problems with their drug use , most do not . This holds true for both legal drugs like alcohol and tobacco , and illegal drugs like marijuana and cocaine . Decades of evidence shows that the average user of any drug does n't get addicted and does n't create problems for anyone else . Obviously , some do . We recognize these facts when it comes to legal drugs . It 's why we do n't arrest the tens of millions of Americans who drink responsibly , but do arrest people who drive while drunk or get belligerent and start fights . Yet we waste tens of billions of dollars every year arresting Americans for marijuana or other drugs , even when they 're not harming anyone . Then we either jam them into overcrowded jails where they take up space that could hold someone who committed a violent offense , or jam them into a treatment program where they take up limited spaces for people who really need help . What matters most is not how many people use marijuana , alcohol or other drugs , but what 's the best way to reduce the problems associated with substance misuse without creating more harmful social problems . Drug use rates rise and fall almost independently of what politicians say and do , but criminalizing drug use makes the situation worse . Prohibition does n't stop drug use ; it makes drug use more dangerous while filling prisons with nonviolent offenders and making crime lords rich . With marijuana use among young people rising despite decades of punitive drug policies , policymakers should reform U.S. drug policy . Or maybe voters will reform it for them . In November , California voters will vote on Proposition 19 , which seeks to control marijuana like alcohol , redirect police resources toward violent criminals , and end California 's embarrassingly racist marijuana enforcement once and for all . Polling shows support is about 50-50 . Even if Proposition 19 loses , it will only be temporary . Support for marijuana legalization is growing , and not just in California . Legalization will happen . It 's just a question of how many lives and tax dollars will be wasted before it does . Some vested interests , of course , will fight change until the bitter end . Progress has never been accepted by everyone . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Bill Piper .	Bill Piper : Despite all the arrests and money spent , youth marijuana use is increasing Piper : Overdoses not reported ; criminals thrive , jails filled with nonviolent offenders As we do with alcohol , he writes , bad behavior , not use , should be punished Marijuana will be legalized , but how many lives and money will be wasted first , Piper asks
Beijing  CNN  -- Who would 've thought ? Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg speaks Mandarin . When I first read a banner headline saying that the 20-something billionaire spoke fluently in Chinese , I was skeptical . Yes , I know he 's young and smart . Yes , he 's married to Priscilla Chan , a publicity-shy medical doctor of Chinese parentage . But she 's also American-born Chinese and , like many of them , does not necessarily speak Chinese like a native . Besides , one does not learn a foreign language simply by marrying a Chinese speaker . But the Facebook CEO impressed his star-struck Chinese audience when he spoke in Chinese during a 30-minute Q&A recently at Beijing 's Tsinghua University . "  He showed respect for China by taking the trouble to learn the language and I think the audience appreciated it , " said John C. Thomson , one of the pioneers of teaching Chinese as a foreign language and a former Chinese translator for Ronald Reagan . Zuckerberg spoke entirely in Mandarin , albeit with a heavy accent and the occasional error . Yet some Chinese-speaking expatriates disparaged his Chinese proficiency -- deeming it "  poor " and "  mediocre , " while others dismissed the session at Tsinghua as a PR stunt , perhaps to curry favor in China where Facebook has remained blocked since 2009 . Learning for 42 years But I was impressed . His tones might have been off most of the time but then so were mine when I was just beginning to get a "  feel " for the language . As a famous billionaire he could have said no to the idea , instead of risking looking like a fool in public . "  He deserves credit for undertaking sustained study of Chinese while growing a major Internet company , " agreed Thomson . "  He and his firm do not need more PR , but full access for Facebook in China would be great . " I 'm impressed not because I 'm star-struck but because I know how hard a language Chinese is . Two months into my first Chinese course some 42 years ago , I was ready to give up , totally intimidated and overwhelmed by its grammar rules  or lack of them  , five tones and pictographs . Fortunately , I persisted . After several months of drills and practice , I got into the Chinese language "  zone " and started to enjoy it . Still , I do not think I could have learned it well if I had only attended courses overseas -- without the immersion that I got by living and studying in China . I acquired it because I was surrounded by Mandarin and because I had to . David Moser , a veteran sinologist and a long-time Beijing resident , explained why Chinese is so daunting . "  Those who undertake to study the language for any other reason than the sheer joy of it will always be frustrated by the abysmal ratio of effort to effect , he wrote in a paper when he was at the University of Michigan Center for Chinese Studies . "  Those who are attracted to the language precisely because of its daunting complexity and difficulty will never be disappointed . " Moser ticked off several reasons why Chinese is so damn hard : -- Because the writing system is ridiculous . -- Because the language does n't have the common sense to use an alphabet . -- Because the writing system just ai n't very phonetic . -- Because tonal languages are weird ; -- Because East is East and West is West , and the twain have only recently met . Cultural shift Remarkably , Chinese is now enjoying a new found popularity . Just as English became the popular choice as a second language because of the influence of the British Empire before the World War I and the U.S. after World War II , we 're now witnessing "  a major shift in economic and cultural influence , from the U.S. to China , " said Thomson , who spent 30 years in China , most recently as director of the Inter-University Program for Chinese Language Study at Tsinghua University . He cites China 's major push to promote Chinese language overseas , combined with a growing recognition that Chinese language ability will give people a huge advantage in dealing with China and its people . "  Compared with the several American students studying Chinese in Taiwan in 1966-68 when I was there as a student , there are now about 25,000 American students in China each year , most of them studying Chinese language , and a large and a growing number of Americans are studying Chinese as part of their K-12 education in the U.S. " His tip to Chinese language students ? "  First get a good foundation overseas for grammar and pronunciation , followed by an extended stay in China for study or work where most or all people speak Chinese all day . " You have to use it , lest you lose it . "  China is a great country , " Zuckerberg told his Chinese audience on why learn Chinese . " I think learning the language can help me know the country 's culture ... And I love a challenge . " Learning Mandarin , some say , is for those who do n't mind making fools of themselves . Just like the Facebook billionaire .	Mark Zuckerberg deserves credit for learning Mandarin , says Jaime FlorCruz Mastering Chinese is a lifelong process and its grammar , five tones , and pictographs can be overwhelming Chinese is now enjoying a new found popularity among language learners About 25,000 American students in China each year , most of them studying Chinese language
London  CNN  -- The dream is still alive , for the U.S. men 's basketball team . The heavily favored American hoopsters -- referred to , like past Olympic squads , as the Dream Team -- used a balanced effort Friday night to defeat Argentina 109-83 and advance to Sunday 's final . Kevin Durant , the reigning NBA scoring champ from the Oklahoma City Thunder , led all players with 19 points . He was followed closely by the Miami Heat 's LeBron James , the three-time NBA MVP who chipped in with 18 points , seven assists and seven rebounds . The Argentina squad is no slouch , boasting NBA stalwarts Manu Ginobili , Luis Scola and Carlos Delfino . But they were no match for the U.S. team , which was ahead five points after the first quarter and steadily pulled away thereafter . They 'll vie for Olympic gold Sunday against Spain , led by Pau Gasol of the Los Angeles Lakers . In their semifinal match-up Friday , Spain trailed Russia 31-20 at the half and pulled to a 46-46 tie after three quarters , then ran away with the game late to win by 67-59 . The U.S. men wo n't be alone in trying to stand atop the Olympic podium this weekend . The American women 's basketball team has already made it through to the gold-medal final , which they 'll play against France on Saturday . In Olympic Stadium , meanwhile , America 's top female sprinters outpaced their Jamaican competitors to earn gold in the prestigious 4 x 100-meter relay -- though their long dominant countrymen fell just short in the 4 X 400-meter men 's race . The Bahamas team of Chris Brown , Demetrius Pinder , Michael Mathieu and Ramon Miller won the latter event , rallying to pass the U.S. squad , which has had a stranglehold on this relay for decades , on the final lap . Trinidad and Tobago took home bronze . The lineup for Team USA in the men 's race changed after the semifinal , when Manteo Mitchell remarkably found a way to finish his opening leg after feeling his fibula breaks but continuing to run through the pain . One man who made headlines in the race , without winning , was South Africa 's Oscar Pistorius . Prior to running his nation 's final leg of Friday 's relay final , Pistorius -- who runs on special carbon fiber prosthetic limbs and was once prevented from competing against able-bodied athletes -- had made history as the first double amputee athlete to compete in the Olympics . The United States track and field team , though , had reason to celebrate earlier when its women 's 4 X 100-meter team earned gold . The U.S. quartet included Allyson Felix and Carmelita Jeter , who took gold and bronze , respectively , in the women 's 200-meter run , and Tianna Madison and Bianca Knight . Together , they convincingly set a world record of 40.82 , just ahead of the second-place Jamaicans , who posted a 41.41 time . Ukraine captured the bronze . Read more : Sex , Games and Olympic Village life The day 's first track and field gold medal went to Ethiopia 's Meseret Defar , who bested Kenya 's Vivian Jepkemoi Cheruiyot by less than half a second to win the women 's 5,000-meter race . A short time later , Turkey 's Asli Cakir Alptekin beat her fellow countrywoman Gamze Bulut and Bahrain 's Maryam Yusuf Jamal to earn gold in the women 's 1,500-meter final . The women 's hammer throw gold , meanwhile , went to Russia 's Tatyana Lysenko , while France 's Renaud Lavillenie narrowly bested a pair of competitors from Germany to win gold in the men 's pole vault . Read more : Obama continues to show Olympic pride Over at the Aquatics Center , scene of many U.S. swimming victories last week , Russia 's graceful performers won the gold in the team synchronized swimming final , while China took silver and Spain bronze . Gold in the men 's open water 10-kilometer swimming marathon in the Serpentine , the lake in London 's Hyde Park , went to Tunisian Oussama Mellouli . Germany 's Thomas Lurz earned silver and Canada 's Richard Weinberger the bronze . Mellouli 's victory in the grueling race , in front of hundreds of spectators living the banks of the Serpentine , gave Tunisia its first gold medal of the 2012 London Games . He also took bronze in the pool last week in the men 's 1,500-meter freestyle race . In men 's BMX cycling , Latvia 's Maris Strombergs won the gold , defending his Olympics title won at the Beijing Games . Sam Willoughby of Australia earned the silver and Carlos Oquendo Zabala of Colombia got the bronze . A Colombian , Mariana Pajon , won the gold in women 's BMX cycling , with Sarah Walker of New Zealand getting the silver and Laura Smulders of the Netherlands the bronze . Winds off Weymouth , on England 's south coast , remained light Friday , posing a challenge to the men and women battling for medals in sailing events . Australia 's Mathew Belcher and Malcolm Page took gold in the men 's 470 sailing , with the silver medal going to Great Britain and bronze to Argentina . New Zealand claimed gold and Great Britain silver in the women 's 470 race , with the Dutch taking bronze . In freestyle wrestling , American Jordan Burroughs defeated Iran 's Sadegh Saeed Goudarzi to earn gold in the men 's 74-kilogram event . Gold in the 55-kilogram freestyle category went to Russia 's Dzhamal Otarsultanov , who beat Vladimer Khinchegashvili of neighboring Georgia . In men 's boxing , defending superheavyweight champion Roberto Cammarelle of Italy narrowly defeated world amateur No. 1 Magomedrasul Medzhidov , of Azerbaijan , 13-12 , on points to wrap up a night of semifinal fights . He 'll face Great Britain 's Anthony Joshua in Sunday 's gold medal bout . Ireland 's John Joe Nevin and Great Britain 's Luke Campbell will battle for the gold in the bantam 56-kilogram event Saturday night after winning through their respective semifinals . The Netherlands defeated world champion Argentina 2-0 to earn gold in Friday night 's women 's field hockey final , shortly after Great Britain topped New Zealand 3-1 to earn the bronze . The International Olympic Committee excluded Italian athlete Alex Schwazer from the London Games on Friday after he tested positive for a banned substance , recombinant erythropoietin  rhEPO  , which aids red blood cell production . Schwazer , 27 , had been due to compete Saturday in the men 's 50-kilometer race walk . Read more : Where is Australia in the Olympics ? CNN 's Steve Almasy , Joe Sterling and Chris Eldergill contributed to this report .	NEW : Italy 's Cammarelle defeats highly ranked ranked super heavyweight boxer to advance U.S. men 's hoops team moves to the finals behind LeBron James , Kevin Durant Bahamas passes the U.S. squad on the last lap in the men 's 4 X 400-meter relay The U.S. women 's 4 X 100 relay team breaks a world record in winning gold
CNN  -- President Bush had a "  relaxed " and "  friendly " meeting with President-elect Barack Obama after he and first lady Laura Bush welcomed their successors to their future home Monday , a White House spokesman said . President Bush and Laura Bush welcome Barack and Michelle Obama to the White House on Monday . "  The president and the president-elect had a long meeting , described by the president as good , constructive , relaxed and friendly , " White House press secretary Dana Perino said in a statement . "  The president enjoyed his visit with the president-elect , and he again pledged a smooth transition to the next administration . " Perino said the two discussed national and international issues but did not provide specifics of the conversation . Bush also gave Obama a tour of the White House 's living quarters , including the Lincoln bedroom . Bush and Obama held a private meeting in the Oval Office , while the first lady gave incoming first lady Michelle Obama a tour of the residence . The president and president-elect walked together along the Colonnade by the Rose Garden before entering the Oval Office together . They briefly waved to reporters along the way . Obama and Bush were not expected to speak on camera after their meeting . The two met in the Oval Office for just over an hour . When President George H.W. Bush hosted President-elect Bill Clinton after the 1992 election , the two talked for nearly two hours . Monday 's meeting was a historic formality , but it was also a time for serious talks . It marked the first time Obama has visited the Oval Office . Watch Bush welcome Obama to the White House " Bush and Obama "  had a broad discussion about the importance of working together throughout the transition of government in light of the nation 's many critical economic and security challenges , " said Stephanie Cutter , spokeswoman for Obama 's transition team . "  President-elect Obama thanked President Bush for his commitment to a smooth transition , and for his and first lady Laura Bush 's gracious hospitality in welcoming the Obamas to the White House , " Cutter said . A day earlier , a leader of Obama 's transition team said the president and president-elect were expected to discuss "  a broad range of issues , " focusing on the economy . "  It 's clear that we need to stabilize the economy , to deal with the financial meltdown that 's now spreading across the rest of the economy . The auto industry is really , really back on its heels , " transition team leader John Podesta told CNN 's "  Late Edition " on Sunday . Podesta said Obama will push Congress to enact "  at least part " of an economic package before he takes office in January , but said the problems Americans face need short - and long-term approaches . The president and president-elect also were expected to talk about national security and the war in Iraq . Go inside the Oval Office Despite the negative tone of the campaign season -- in which Obama frequently campaigned against what he called Bush 's "  failed policies " -- Bush has pledged to do everything he can to make sure they have a smooth transition . iReport.com : What 's your message for Obama ? "  When I called President-elect Obama to congratulate him on his historic victory , I told him that he can count on my complete cooperation as he makes his transition to the White House . Ensuring that this transition is seamless is a top priority for the rest of my time in office , " Bush said in his radio address this weekend . Podesta said cooperation with Bush administration officials has been "  excellent " since Tuesday 's election . Watch more on the transition to power " Obama said he was "  gratified by the invitation " to meet with the president and his wife . "  I 'm sure that , in addition to taking a tour of the White House , there 's going to be a substantive conversation between myself and the president , " he said at a news conference Friday . "  I 'm going to go in there with a spirit of bipartisanship and a sense that both the president and various leaders in Congress all recognize the severity of the situation right now and want to get stuff done , " he said . Given their drastically different views on foreign policy , Mark Preston , CNN 's deputy political editor , predicted an "  uncomfortable meeting at best . " Watch CNN 's Mark Preston talk about the meeting " "  Let 's not forget that Barack Obama ran against President Bush every day when he was taking on John McCain . While they will be cordial , I bet you it will be uncomfortable , " Preston said . As the president and president-elect met in the Oval Office , Perino gave Robert Gibbs a tour of the White House press office . Gibbs was the communications director for Obama 's presidential campaign . He has not officially been named the incoming press secretary , but he is widely considered the top contender for the position . Cutter said that after Laura Bush gave Michelle Obama a tour of the residence , the first lady and her successor discussed raising daughters in the White House . "  Mrs. Obama was honored to finally meet the first lady , who was a gracious hostess , " Cutter said .	NEW : President Bush calls meeting with President-elect Obama "  constructive " Laura Bush gave Michelle Obama a tour while president , Obama met Bush and president-elect were expected to discuss "  broad range of issues " Obama campaigned against what he called Bush 's "  failed policies "
Washington  CNN  -- Just one in 10 Latino high school dropouts earns a high school equivalency degree , compared with two in 10 African-American dropouts and three in 10 white dropouts , the Pew Hispanic Center said Thursday . The equivalency degree , called the General Educational Development  GED  credential , "  is widely regarded as the best ` second chance ' pathway to college , vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school , " the center said on its website . Latinos also have a much higher high school drop-out rate than blacks or whites . About 41 percent of Latinos 20 and older in the United States do not have a regular high school diploma , compared with 23 percent of black adults and 14 percent of white adults , Pew said . Among Latinos , Pew noted , significant differences exist between those who were born in another country and those born in the United States . About 52 percent of foreign-born Latino adults are high school dropouts , compared with 25 percent of the native born , Pew said . Among Latino dropouts , about 21 percent of those born in the United States have a GED , compared with 5 percent of those born abroad , the research center said . A greater percentage of U.S.-born Latinos obtain GEDs because they are more aware of the opportunities available to them , said Richard Fry , the Pew Hispanic Center researcher who compiled the report . "  For the foreign-born , it takes them a little bit of time to learn about the GED , " Fry told CNN . "  It takes a little bit of time to figure things out . " Fry said he obtained the information by performing an analysis of newly available educational attainment data from the U.S. Census Bureau 's 2008 American Community Survey . That Census Bureau survey was the first to differentiate between those who graduated from high school and those who obtained a GED , Fry said . Previous surveys had lumped both categories together . The Pew analysis also found that in 2008 , Latino adults with a GED had a higher unemployment rate than those with a high school diploma -- 9 percent versus 7 percent . However , the report said , Latino full-time , full-year workers with a GED had about the same mean annual earnings  $ 33,504  as full-time , full-year Latino workers with a high school diploma  $ 32,972  . The Pew Hispanic Center is a nonpartisan research organization that does not take positions on policy issues . Release of the report comes amid heightened tensions over a recent Arizona law that requires immigrants to carry their registration documents at all times and allows police to question individuals ' immigration status in the process of enforcing any other law or ordinance . Opponents have called for an Arizona tourism boycott and the measure has drawn criticism from Mexico and several Latin American nations . Fry said timing of the report 's release was coincidental . "  There 's nothing magical about it , " he said . "  The report 's been done for about a week or so and it was time to get it out the door . " CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	At 41 percent , Latinos have higher high school dropout rate than blacks , whites , study finds Study finds differences between Latinos born in United States and those born abroad For foreign-born Latinos , "  it takes a little bit of time to figure things out , " researcher says Pew Hispanic Center , which conducted study , says report 's timing unrelated to Arizona law
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama used a Memorial Day ceremony to say it is time for America to properly welcome home Vietnam veterans and show them and their families the respect and gratitude they deserved but did n't receive decades ago . "  You came home and sometimes were denigrated when you should have been celebrated , " Obama said beneath a scorching sun at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial . "  It was a national shame , a disgrace that should have never happened . That 's why here today , we resolve that it will not happen again . " The event , which launched a 13-year Vietnam War 50th anniversary commemoration , was the culmination of a day of somber events on the annual holiday honoring America 's war dead . By the numbers : Veterans and Memorial Day Earlier , Obama laid a wreath to fallen U.S. warriors at Arlington National Cemetery , then pledged the full support of a grateful nation to returning veterans and their families . "  For the first time in nine years , Americans are not fighting and dying in Iraq , " the president said to applause . "  We are winding down the war in Afghanistan and our troops will continue to come home . After a decade under the dark cloud of war , we can see the light of a new day on the horizon . " Now the task is to remember those who died and "  meet our obligations to those who did come home , " Obama said , adding , "  America will be there for you . " At the National World War II Memorial , retired Army Lt. Gen. Mick Kicklighter paid tribute to the fallen from that conflict . "  At this site , we remember the 400,000 men and women who lost their lives defending our freedom during World War II some 70 years ago , " he said . "  Memorial Day remains a time of solemn observance as we remember and honor all of those who gave all their tomorrows . That 's a very high price to pay when you 're 18 and 19 years old . But they gave all their futures so that you and I could live in this strong , free and beautiful America . Freedom is not free . " This year marks the 50th anniversary of the United States deploying a significant military presence in Vietnam . In 1962 , about 10,000 U.S. military advisers joined the 900 already in the country . A proclamation signed Friday by Obama said the Vietnam 50th anniversary commemoration will continue until November 11 , 2025 , "  to honor and give thanks to a generation of proud Americans who saw our country through one of the most challenging missions we have ever faced . " "  While no words will ever be fully worthy of their service , nor any honor truly befitting their sacrifice , let us remember that it is never too late to pay tribute to the men and women who answered the call of duty with courage and valor , " the proclamation states . The first phase of the commemoration over the next two years involves generating support and participation , with a focus on "  hometown " events providing personal recognition and thanks to Vietnam veterans , according to information provided to the media . ` The thing about remembering is that you do n't forget ' In his remarks at the ceremony , Obama spoke of making amends for the nation 's failure to properly welcome home Vietnam veterans in the 1960s and '70s . "  A central part of this 50th anniversary is to tell your story as it should have been told all along , " the president said , calling it "  another chance to set the record straight . " Later , he called it "  another opportunity to say to our Vietnam veterans what we should have been saying from the beginning : You did your job , you served with honor , you made us proud . " "  You have earned your place among the greatest generations , " said Obama , who twice pulled out a handkerchief to wipe the sweat off his brow . In an emotional moment , he asked Vietnam veterans in the crowd to stand and spoke words he characterized as long overdue : "  Welcome home . Welcome home . Welcome home . Thank you . We appreciate you . Welcome home . " The lesson of Vietnam , Obama said , was to separate the war from the warrior , so that patriotism never again becomes what he called a "  political sword " that divides the nation . "  Patriots can support a war , patriots can oppose a war and whatever our view , let us always stand united in support of our troops who we 've placed in harm 's way , " he said . Decades later , Obama said , the true legacy from the "  hard lessons " of Vietnam is that America is stronger and takes care of its returning veterans and their families . Obama and other speakers at the ceremony hosted by actor Tom Selleck , spoke of issues close to Vietnam veterans , including the continued effort to identify and repatriate remains of the more than 1,000 missing in action . Facing a tough re-election campaign this year , Obama avoided direct political references but made sure to emphasize his administration 's efforts to help returning war veterans . Military spending will be a major political battleground in coming months , with both Democrats and Republicans agreeing on the need to reduce budget deficits but in sharp disagreement over how to do it . If they ca n't reach a comprehensive agreement by the end of the year , sharp spending cuts are scheduled to take effect that would include military funding . In San Diego , the certain Republican presidential nominee , Mitt Romney , held a Memorial Day event to call for prioritizing military spending . Saying "  the world is not safe , " Romney said the choice is between shrinking the military to pay for social needs or to "  commit to preserve America as the strongest military in the world . " "  We choose that course in America not so that we win wars but so we can prevent wars , because a strong America is the best deterrent to war there ever has been invented , " Romney said . CNN 's Gregory Wallace contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama calls the denigration of Vietnam veterans a "  national shame " "  America will be there for you , " Obama tells veterans and their families Memorial Day launches a 13-year commemoration of the Vietnam War 's 50th anniversary Obama lays a wreath to the fallen at Arlington National Cemetery
CNN  -- A Marine is being investigated for potential legal or administrative proceedings after a video this week showed him in a profanity-loaded road rage against another motorist at Camp Pendleton , California , a Marines spokesman said Friday . The Marine , whose name , rank or unit were n't being released , was cited for communicating a threat in the incident , but he was n't charged as of Friday , said Sgt. Christopher Duncan , a Camp Pendleton spokesman . The video , which went viral on the Internet , shows a young man yelling outside a truck , and he uses his hands and feet to wail on the truck whose driver sits calmly behind the wheel with the window rolled up . A woman passenger films the video . The video caption states there was an accident between the two vehicles in which the angry Marine 's car was struck allegedly "  because of slamming on his brakes numerous times . " In the truck was a civilian driver and his passenger who is "  a fellow Marine who is in a wheelchair , " the caption says . CNN affiliate KGTV reported that the driver is the caregiver to and brother of the woman Marine , who is paralyzed from the waist down . The cited Marine was released to a representative of his unit , and "  any further legal proceedings regarding this incident would be at the discretion of his unit , which is still gathering information , " Duncan said in a statement . "  I have no information when potential legal or administrative proceedings would take place , " Duncan said . "  This individual 's behavior does not meet the standards that are expected of our Marines , and it has received the attention of senior base staff . " The incident took place Monday at about 2 p.m. , Duncan said .	A Marine is cited with communicating a threat in a videotaped road rage incident His unit is gathering information for potential legal or administrative proceedings Marine in a wheelchair and her brother were in other car Video shows young man using hands and feet to wail on vehicle
London  CNN  -- The Dutch women 's beach volleyball team sailed through Heathrow airport as it arrived in London for the Olympic Games , but not every athlete had such a smooth arrival . American hurdler Kerron Clement 's bus got lost on the way from the airport to the Olympic village , he said , resulting in a four-hour-plus journey . "  Athletes are sleepy , hungry and need to pee . Could we get to the Olympic Village please , " the world record holder said on Twitter on Monday . "  Not a good first impression London . " The drive should take about an hour . London 's Olympic organizers , London Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games , said "  the vast majority " of bus journeys had gone smoothly , but conceded that "  there may have been one or two journeys taking longer than expected . " Heathrow airport is expecting a record number of passengers on Monday as athletes begin to flood into the city for the Olympic Games , which start a week from Friday . Share your Olympics sights and sounds The arrivals begin amid a security snafu , as the government prepares to call in 3,500 military personnel because the security contractor says it does not expect to have enough staff in place . G4S , the contractor , admitted last week that it would not be able to provide more than 10,000 security staffers by the time the Olympics begin . The staff were supposed to be doing tasks including venue perimeter security such as manning X-ray machines , searching people , searching vehicles , and operating closed-circuit television systems , G4S told CNN on Sunday . Home Secretary Theresa May , who is responsible for domestic security , was called to Parliament to answer questions from lawmakers on Monday after the fiasco . She insisted that G4S actually had more than 20,000 accredited security staff , and that until last week it appeared they would have too many contractors rather than too few . The Home Office told CNN earlier on Monday that the contractor was suffering from a software problem which meant they could not guarantee who would turn up where , and whether guards had the right training . G4S did not respond immediately to a CNN request for comment on the accusation . The Home Office also said that the extra immigration staff deployed at borders was properly trained , rejecting media reports to the contrary . Immigration desks will have extra staff , Heathrow said Monday , amid fears of long lines to get into the country . Retired border officials and retired police officers are among those being brought in to help immigration staff , the Home Office said . The airport expects nearly 237,000 people to fly in or out on Monday , about 25 % more than on a normal day . The arrivals include 335 athletes , the airport said in a statement . Athlete arrivals are expected to peak on July 24 , with more than 1,200 competitors due on that day . See how Heathrow is preparing for the London Olympics Cubans , Italians and Russians were among the arrivals on Monday . Pressed about the security snafu , Sports Secretary Jeremy Hunt said Sunday it should be no surprise that some contractors were unable to meet their commitments . "  It 's completely normal that you 're going to find some contractors on a project of this size who are n't going to be able to deliver what they promised , " he said on the BBC 's "  The Andrew Marr Show . " He praised the contractor as being "  honorable " for having admitted the problem , apologizing and covering the costs of bringing in military personnel . And he reiterated that the government learned only last week that G4S would not meet its commitment . "  Management told us right up until last week that everything was on track , " Hunt said . The contractor said Saturday it stands to lose up to $ 77 million after failing to recruit enough staff . The airport , meanwhile , said Monday it is deploying more than 500 volunteers who speak 20 languages among them to welcome athletes and officials . The Games start on July 27 . CNN 's Jo Shelley , Jim Boulden , Dan Rivers , Stephanie Halasz and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Games organizers say there may have been problems with "  one or two " bus trips American hurdler Kerron Clement has a four-hour bus ride , he tweets Heathrow airport expects a record number of passengers on Monday The arrivals start amid a security snafu that forced the government to deploy troops
CNN  -- Ding , ding . Passengers lean back as a Hong Kong tram -- affectionately called "  Ding Ding " by locals -- signals its slow approach to the station . One by one , riders board through the doors at the back and struggle to pass through the narrow turnstiles . Jammed bags are a common sight . The tram slowly rolls back into action , cruising through the middle of traffic in some of Hong Kong 's busiest neighborhoods , just as it has for 110 years . "  The tram is such an icon of Hong Kong because it 's closely associated with the big events that have happened here over the last century , " says Emmanuel Vivant , director and general manager of Hong Kong Tramways . "  The tram has continued its service and accompanied the city through times good or bad . Thus it 's very intimately connected to its people . " Often lacking an on board passenger information system or uniformed station staff , Hong Kong 's trams can be intimidating for rail virgins . But they 're worth figuring out . Namely because they 're a fantastic way to get to know the city . "  Trams run along some of the best parts of Hong Kong , " says Vivant . "  It 's in the middle of the road with a vantage point -LSB- if you sit on the upper deck of the tram -RSB- . They travel at a relatively low speed , so you have time to take the views in . "  Inside the tram , you enjoy a special atmosphere , even poetic . "  A lot of cities in the world had replaced their tram networks with cars and buses by the 1950s before realizing the importance of the tram in the 1970s . They then rebuilt the tram networks , but it 's different . So Hong Kong is very , very lucky to have the  older  tram in this sense . " How to ride the tram Hong Kong 's tram stations usually sit in an "  island " in the middle of the street , though a few are on the side of the road . Stops are marked by stand-alone green signs . The tram line runs 30 kilometers on Hong Kong Island , stretching from Kennedy Town on the western end of the line to Shau Kei Wan on the eastern end . It runs in only two directions -- eastbound and westbound -- but some routes go further than others . It 's really quite simple . First , decide which direction you 're heading . Then , look for the tram that goes to or beyond your station . There is a map at the stops . For example , if you 're in Central and want to go to Causeway Bay , all eastbound trams -- those going to North Point , Shau Kei Wan and Causeway Bay -- stop at Causeway Bay station , with the exception of the one going to Happy Valley . MORE ; Sexy , sophisticated , skintight -- China 's iconic cheongsam Boarding is through the rear door -- passengers do n't pay until they exit through the front . The fare is HK$ 2.30  about 30 U.S. cents per ride  , regardless of the length of the journey . Fares can be paid with cash or by swiping one of Hong Kong 's all-purpose Octopus cards inside the tram . For comparison 's sake , it costs more than 50 U.S. cents for a one-stop ride on the more commonly used MTR . QR codes are posted at most stations , allowing passengers to find out the time of the next three arriving trams . The longest possible tram ride takes around 90 minutes . Here are a few tram highlights . Chun Yeung Street , North Point "  My favorite section is the loop at the terminal in North Point , " says Vivant . This route , which actually terminates at North Point , is the only section of a tram route that runs through the middle of a wet market . "  The wet market on Chun Yeung Street used to be less organized and vendors would have their stalls set up in the middle of the tramway , " says Eric Lee Tsun-lung , founder of tram fan club Hong Kong Trams Enthusiast and the mini-tram cultural museum , Hong Kong Trams Station . "  When I was young , the tram came and honked ` ding , ding ' and the vendors moved to the sides with their stuff before resuming their original position as the tram left , " says Lee . Nowadays , vendors do n't set up in the middle of the tracks . Stalls can be found on both sides of the street though , meaning shoppers can often be seen zipping from one side the other , dodging trams in the process . Des Voeux Road West , Sheung Wan On the western side of Hong Kong Island , Des Voeux Road West is packed with dried seafood shops , giving it the nickname "  Dried Seafood Street . " "  If you go to the Dried Seafood Street in the late morning or early afternoon , you can see something very interesting -- shop owners laying large sieves of dried scallops and salted fishes on the side of the road for sun drying , " says Lee . "  Some even manage to steal a spot on the roof of the tram station . " In addition to Des Voeux Road West and Chun Yeung Street in the east , Vivant says it 's worth taking time to ride the whole route . "  There 's the historical area in Sheung Wan , the business center in Central , the commercial center in Causeway Bay and the less eye-catching parts of the east of Hong Kong Island , " he says . "  It gives you a good idea of all different sides of Hong Kong . " The gallery above has more tram route suggestions . Tram 120 , the oldest running tram Vivant says Hong Kong Tramways is looking at dedicating a special car for tourists . In the meantime , there are now 163 trams in operation , each with a different number on the front . Choosing which one to ride requires special knowledge -- not because of where it goes , but because of its history . "  My favorite is model 120 , the only tram built in the 1950s that survives till now , " says Lee . Most of its features are well preserved , including its woven bamboo benches on the upper deck . "  There is only one worker left in the company who knows how to weave these benches , " says Vivant . "  There are also two ` party trams ' for hire privately , models 28 and 128 . Car 128 is our second oldest tram . " Millennium Trams are cars built in 2000 -- models 169 and 170 . "  The former management company launched three at that time , hoping it would be the future of Hong Kong trams , " says Lee . "  But  the cars  were heavily criticized by the public as they look too new , too much like a bus . So they scraped the idea . " Future of the tram There are about 30 tram cars built after 2010 now in operation , known as seventh generation trams . "  Most of the public hopes that the tram remains how it is , whereas frequent travelers want it to be more comfortable and modern , " says Vivant . "  To answer this contradiction , the exterior of the tram shares the same shape as the old tram but it 's almost 100 percent new inside . Apart from the wheels or controllers that we reuse sometimes . These are over 80 years old . " Tram cars are now made of aluminum instead of wood , so they 're more durable . New trams have passenger information systems , more handles and new engines . "  Without government subsidies , we have to stay competitive and offer 21st-century service to our passengers , " says Vivant . "  It 's not commonly known , but we are now 100 percent made in Hong Kong with 150 workers in production and maintenance . We are hoping to use our skills to help other cities rebuild their tram networks . " A four-day tram pass can be purchased on Hong Kong Tramways ' website for HK$ 37  $ 4.80  ; private hire from HK$ 880 per hour  $ 113  . Hong Kong Trams Station : Shop no. 18 , Level 2 , The Peak Galleria	Hong Kong 's trams have been riding the rails for 110 years A tram ride is one of the best ways to experience Hong Kong Numbers 120 and 169 are special trams to look out for Trams heading through Chun Yeung Street in North Point pass through a wet market
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Members of the South Korean military protested on the streets of the nation 's capital Saturday , stating that they were angry that their country 's government had not done enough to respond to recent shelling by North Korea . One group of protesters gathered near the defense ministry building Saturday . The crowd clashed with police officers , some charging and kicking officers . The protests come as tensions between the Koreas are growing . The United States is sending the aircraft carrier USS George Washington to join South Korea 's forces near the coasts of China and North Korea in a four-day drill military drill that starts Sunday . The drill is set to begin five days after North Korea shelled a South Korean island , killing four South Koreans and wounding 15 others .	Protests come as tensions between the Koreas are growing Demonstrators are seen charging and kicking police
CNN  -- The case of a U.S. citizen sentenced to 15 years in a North Korean labor camp is not a "  political bargaining chip , " the North 's state-run Korean Central News Agency reported Sunday . Pae Jun Ho , known as Kenneth Bae by U.S. authorities , was arrested and prosecuted for various crimes aimed at "  state subversion , " KCNA said . It previously reported the Korean-American was arrested November 3 after arriving as a tourist in Rason City , a port in the northeastern corner of North Korea . In prior instances , North Korea has released Americans in its custody after a visit by some U.S. dignitary . But Bae 's case could get caught up in the recent tensions between the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , as the North is formally known , and the United States . "  Whenever Americans were put under custody in the DPRK for violating the country 's law , former or incumbent high-ranking American officials flew to Pyongyang and apologized for their crimes and promised to prevent the recurrence of similar incidents . Therefore , the DPRK showed generosity and set them free from the humanitarian point of view , " KCNA reported , citing a foreign ministry spokesman . "  Pae 's case proves that as long as the U.S. hostile policy toward the DPRK remains unchanged , humanitarian generosity will be of no use in ending Americans ' illegal acts . " According to the report , Bae entered North Korea "  with a disguised identity . " He reportedly "  confessed and admitted his crimes . " "  Some media of the U.S. said that the DPRK tried to use Pae 's case as a political bargaining chip . This is ridiculous and wrong guess . "  The DPRK has no plan to invite anyone of the U.S. as regards Pae 's issue , " read the KCNA report . Last week , the United States demanded Bae 's immediate release . "  You all are aware of the history and how this has happened in the past with U.S. citizens , " State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell told reporters in Washington . "  But what we 're calling for and we 're urging the DPRK authorities to do is to grant him amnesty and to allow for his immediate release , full stop . " Ventrell said the State Department was still trying to confirm details of the case through Swedish diplomats who visited Bae last week . Sweden represents U.S. interests in North Korea because Washington has no diplomatic relations with Pyongyang . U.S. officials have struggled to establish how exactly Bae ran afoul of North Korean authorities . Bae 's sister told CNN last week that her brother is the owner of a tour company and was in North Korea for work . He 'd traveled to the country previously with no problems and had no reason to suspect that this time would be different , said Terri Chung . "  You know , Kenneth is a good man ; he 's not a spy . He has never had any evil intentions against North Korea , or any other country for that matter , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 . North Korea is considered to have one of the most repressive penal systems in the world . Human rights groups estimate that as many as 200,000 people are being held in a network of prison camps that the regime is believed to use to crush political dissent . CNN 's K.J. Kwon and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : The United States has demanded the release of Kenneth Bae , aka Pae Jun Ho The American citizen was reportedly arrested in November Bae "  confessed and admitted his crimes , " aimed at "  subversion , " state media report
CNN  -- The phrase "  small soy latte liberalism " deserves to become the defining symbol of the failure of the Democratic Party . The Starbucks reference came from New York 's new mayor , Bill de Blasio . As his party 's putative presidential front-runner and her husband looked on , de Blasio put the incoherence of the modern left on full display in his inaugural address Wednesday . After a mayoral campaign which emphasized boldness , radicalism , populism and the "  new Progressive " commitment to fighting income inequality , he revealed that after the rhetoric comes timidity , incoherence , and absurdity . Mayor de Blasio promised to change New York City for the daily price of a small soy latte from Starbucks . "  We will ask the very wealthy to pay a little more in taxes so that we can offer full-day universal pre-K and after-school programs for every middle school student , " he said . "  And when we say ' a little more , ' we can rightly emphasize the ` little . ' " "  Those earning between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million a year , " the new mayor continued , " ... would see their taxes increase by an average of $ 973 a year . That 's less than three bucks a day -- about the cost of a small soy latte at your local Starbucks . " It was sadly symbolic that Mayor de Blasio was speaking one week before the 50th anniversary of President Lyndon Johnson 's declaration of a "  War on Poverty . " Look at the contrast between the mayor 's reassurance about tiny sacrifices and Johnson 's bold declaration in his State of the Union address on January 8 , 1964 . "  It will not be a short or easy struggle , no single weapon or strategy will suffice , but we shall not rest until that war is won , " Johnson pledged . "  The richest nation on earth can afford to win it . We can not afford to lose it . " Fifty years after the War on Poverty began , the boldest declaration our new champion of liberalism can muster is that his own expansion of the welfare bureaucracy will cost the New York elite no more than their daily dose of caffeine . Oh , how the price to ease their consciences has fallen in half a century . And yet the poor are still impoverished . Here are the facts : After 50 years and trillions of dollars , bureaucratic government has lost the war on poverty . Each year , we spend $ 17,000 per person in poverty on means-tested welfare programs alone , as Peter Ferrara points out . That adds up to more than $ 16 trillion since 1965 . Yet today , left-wing leaders like Mayor de Blasio and President Barack Obama still call inequality "  the defining issue of our time . " What does this say about their welfare bureaucracies ? Like Obama 's small , recycled proposals to help poor Americans , de Blasio 's "  small soy latte " liberalism will grow bureaucracy and please bureaucratic unions but will not help win the war on poverty . Their minor tinkering with the current welfare state will clearly fail , just as it has failed for decades , and yet minor tinkering is all that the chiefs of modern liberalism have to offer . As if to reassure us , they pledge that continuing the charade will cost just a little more . Poor and disadvantaged Americans deserve a completely new approach to poverty -- one which has the courage to analyze the failures of the past 50 years . A focus on incentives , economic growth , and on helping the least well-off learn the skills they need to leave poverty would be a good start . Poor Americans need a fundamental break from a system which has trapped so many in dependency . Ironically , de Blasio has done us all a favor by being so clear about the small , timid , and ultimately hopeless efforts to use big bureaucracies to solve the real problems of impoverished Americans . Let 's say no to "  small soy latte liberalism " and yes to profoundly rethinking the best way of helping our fellow citizens . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Newt Gingrich .	NYC mayor proposes slight tax hike on high earners to fund pre-school Bill de Blasio said tax hike would equal daily price of a small soy latte Newt Gingrich : Minor tinkering with the welfare state has failed for decades Gingrich : It 's time to focus on policies that foster incentives , economic growth , training
United Nations  CNN  -- Arab and Western diplomats spoke in support Tuesday of a U.N. Security Council draft resolution that calls for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down , while representatives from Russia and China slammed it as meddlesome . More effective than the resolution , Russia and China said , would be the fostering of dialogue within the country . "  The council can not impose the parameters for an internal political settlement , " said Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations . "  We are convinced that at a time of intense internal political crisis , the role of the international community should not be one of exacerbating conflict , nor meddling by use of economic sanctions or military force . " The Security Council is considering a draft resolution proposed by Morocco that calls for al-Assad to transfer power to his vice president . Both China and Russia appear poised to veto it . The resolution supports "  full implementation " of an Arab League report that called on Syria to form a unity government within two months , but stopped short of supporting military intervention or economic sanctions . Russia -- one of the five veto-wielding permanent members of the Security Council , as is China -- has said it is concerned about Syrian civil war and does not want al-Assad pushed out of power . It has proposed its own draft resolution that assigns equal blame for the violence on both al-Assad and the opposition . Earlier , Arab leaders told the council that Syria has failed to make reforms . Qatar 's prime minister said "  the hope of the Syrian people is in your hands . " Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani cited the history of negotiations between the Arab League and the Syrian government . "  The crisis started with absolutely peaceful demonstrations . " The prime minister reiterated calls for the violence to end . "  The government killing machine continues effectively unabated . " Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby called for free elections and a multi-party system . "  Do not let the Syrian people down in its plight . " The Arab League : No longer toothless ? Meanwhile , Syria 's envoy to the United Nations said the nation is the victim of a systematic campaign to distort facts . The Arab League , he said , is interfering with Syrian affairs and has ignored reports from observers inside the country . "  Syria is going through decisive challenges in its history , " said Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari . "  We want this stage to be through the will of our people , not through the will of anyone else . " "  That organization  the Arab League  is not speaking on behalf of all Arabs right now . Without Syria , there is not Arab League , " he said . The Security Council has been unable to agree on any resolution on Syria . In October , Russia and China issued a rare double-veto of a resolution that lacked sanctions but would have condemned the violence in Syria . This latest draft also lacks sanctions , but is tougher than the October version , which said nothing about transfer of power . The Syrian regime is a major weapons client for Russia . Analysts with Max-Security Solutions , a security consulting firm based in Israel , said Monday in the New York Times that recent Russian arms sales to Syria are worth $ 4 billion , and that Russian business investments in Syria amount to nearly $ 20 billion . A Congressional Research Service report in 2008 said the two countries had "  concluded several significant arms deals . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the Security Council that "  evidence is clear that Assad 's forces are initiating nearly all the attacks that kill civilians , but as more citizens take up arms to resist the regime 's brutality , violence is increasingly likely to spiral out of control . " She said it is crucial that the international community not embolden "  the dictator . " "  I know that some members here may be concerned that the Security Council may be headed toward another Libya . That is a false analogy , " Clinton told the council . "  Syria is a unique situation that requires its own approach , tailored to the specific circumstances on the ground . And that is exactly what the Arab League has proposed -- a path for a political transition that would preserve Syria 's unity and institutions . " She told reporters : "  At the end of the day , every member of that Security Council has a choice to make . If you do not choose to try to stand on the side of the Syrian people , then you are standing on the side of the continuing killing and abuses that are carried out every single day . " Clinton 's support of the draft resolution was echoed by British Foreign Secretary William Hague and French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe . The French representative said the silence of the council was "  no longer acceptable , " while Hague stressed that the resolution does not call for military action , "  and could not be used to authorize it . " "  This is not the West telling Syria what to do . It is not the permanent members of the Security Council seeking to impose their view . This is the Arab Nations calling on the U.N. Security Council to help address the crisis in Syria and the threat that it poses to the stability of their region , " he said . As diplomats debated , a humanitarian crisis is unfolding in several areas of Syria , according to opposition activists . At least 7,100 people -- including 461 children -- have died since the start of the anti-government uprising in March , the Local Coordination Committees in Syria  LCC  , an opposition group that organizes and documents demonstrations , said Tuesday . The United Nations estimated last month that more than 5,000 people have died since March , though it has also said it has been unable to update that figure because of the situation on the ground . CNN can not independently confirm opposition or government reports from Syria because access to the country is limited . At least 37 people were confirmed dead Tuesday , including 16 in Idlib , 12 in Homs , three in Daraa , one each in Damascus , Hama and Aleppo , and three in the Damascus suburbs , according to the LCC . The group reported 100 deaths Monday . Much of Ghouta , in the eastern suburbs of Damascus , faces a "  complete siege and closure " after days of sustained bombings that killed dozens , the LCC said . Electricity , water , heating fuel and food are in short supply , and communications are interrupted , the LCC said . "  We appeal to the Red Cross and the Red Crescent and all relevant international organizations to go to the area and provide relief for its people with food , medicine , and shelter and to pressure the criminal regime to stop its ongoing crimes against our people , " the group said in a statement . A spokesman for the rebel group Revolutionary Council in Irbin , just outside Damascus , told CNN Tuesday , "  What we are witnessing today is a heavy attack by tanks and artillery on the eastern outskirts . " At about 8 a.m. , the army reached the main square , he said . There were several "  massive explosions , " though it was not clear if they all came from within Irbin , he said . Earlier , by 6 a.m. , the city was blocked and no one was allowed to leave amid a "  massive presence of soldiers , " he said . The spokesman , going by the pseudonym Abu Sayeed , said there were two confirmed deaths in the city . On Monday , no one could get to a dead body for six hours because of sniper fire , he said . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Arwa Damon , Alla Eshchenko , Jill Dougherty , Richard Roth , Josh Levs , and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : British Foreign Secretary William Hague : "  This is not the West telling Syria what to do " 7,100 people have died since the start of the uprising , opposition group says Russia , China say dialogue should occur inside Syria "  Hope of Syrian people " in your hands , Qatari prime minister tells U.N. Security Council
CNN  -- Soon after the great white shark chomped into his torso , Steven Robles thought everything was over . "  I really thought that that might be it . I thought I might be dying , " he said . Instead , the long-distance swimmer is recovering from the wounds -- but might never return to the water . The trauma of the attack is still too vivid . On Saturday , a 7-foot-long shark near Manhattan Beach , California , became agitated by a fisherman 's hook . It apparently took out its frustration on Robles , who was swimming nearby . "  We saw each other . It did a sharp left turn and then it lunged right at me , did n't even hesitate , " Robles said . "  I could feel the vibration of this entire shark gnawing into my skin , " he said . "  You could feel the whole body shaking as it 's digging into my torso . " The burning sensation of the bite is hard to forget . "  The bite mark 's like a jellyfish sting that just keeps penetrating deeper and deeper into the bone , " Robles said . "  It was terrifying . " He grabbed the shark 's nose with his hand and tried to pry him off . Fortunately , the shark left on his own and darted away . A witness 's cell phone video posted by CNN affiliate KTLA showed Robles screaming loudly as fellow swimmers tried to help him to shore . Witnesses on the pier screamed that the shark was still close by . All the swimmers in the water made it to shore safely . Human remains found in search for woman ` taken ' by large shark Police closed down the Manhattan Beach Pier , and it will remain closed until Tuesday . While shark attacks are rare , they have increased at a steady rate since 1900 "  with each decade having more attacks than the previous , " according to the International Shark Attack File based in Gainesville , Florida . But the ISAF says there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks on humans in 2013 -- the lowest number of global attacks since 2009 , when 67 attacks occurred . The group emphasized that an increasing number of shark attacks does n't mean the rate of attacks is increasing . ISAF research shows people are spending more time at sea , which increases the interactions between humans and sharks . Robles said even though he thought he might be dying , his survival instincts kicked in . "  My life was just a half a second from ending , and I had to fight for my life , " he said . Just before the attack , Robles said he was planning another long-distance swim . But now he says he might never swim in the open water again . One-ton shark headed to Texas coast What devoured this great white shark ? Rare goblin shark was n't the only thing that surfaced CNN 's Shelby Lin Erdman contributed to this report	A great white shark bit Steven Robles near Manhattan Beach , California The 7-foot shark was agitated by a fisherman 's hook Robles : The bite feels like a sting penetrating "  deeper and deeper into the bone " There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks on humans in 2013
Just days away from the beginning of the busiest climbing season of the year at Mount Everest , expeditions are unsure whether climbs on the world 's highest peak will go ahead . On Friday , 13 people were killed in an avalanche . Three days later , three people are still missing and feared dead after the single deadliest accident on Mount Everest . Alpine Ascents International has decided to abandon its expedition on that peak in the wake of the accident . The Seattle-based company lost five sherpas in the avalanche . "  Making the decision was hard . We felt this was right for us . Not everyone is going to be happy with our decision , " said Gordon Janow , a founding member of Alpine Ascents . "  I 'm not looking to profit from this season . " Ang Tshering Sherpa of Asian Trekking , which has about two dozen foreign climbers at Everest Base Camp , said his company is still weighing what to do . "  There is a lot of sadness at the moment , and it could be up to a week before a decision is made , " he said . A meeting of Nepali expedition organizers Sunday decided to leave it to the discretion of the individual expeditions whether to abandon the climbs or to go ahead . The meeting also decided not to put any "  pressure " on expeditions to make a decision . "  We can not force the expeditions to make any decision , " said Madhu Sudan Burlakoti , chief of the Tourism Industry Division of the Ministry of Tourism , Culture and Civil Aviation . The avalanche took place just above base camp in the Khumbu Ice Fall . Climbers and guides had been setting the ropes for the route , acclimating and preparing the camps along the route when the avalanche hit . The path on the glacier has been destroyed by the avalanche and a new path will have to be made , Sherpa said . The operators have decided to let the "  icefall doctors " decide whether to carve another path on Khumbu Ice Fall -- and have promised to not penalize them if they refuse . Discovery calls off coverage of Everest wingsuit jump A question of finance Ultimately , the guides may decide to forge ahead . For many , the guides are the only breadwinners of the family . Ngima Sherpa , 26 , for example , supported his three younger siblings and mother from the money he made taking foreign nationals around the mountain . He was among the 13 dead whose bodies were taken around Kathmandu in a funeral procession Monday . Sherpas make up to US$ 6,000 per season . They also usually get a summit bonus if their clients reach the top of the 8,848-meter  29,000-feet  mountain . Paid in full About 334 foreign climbers have been given permission to climb Everest over the next couple of months , with an estimated 400 guides helping them . On Sunday , the sherpas decided they want to be paid in full even if the climbs are abandoned . Foreign climbers spend between $ 40,000 and $ 90,000 each in their attempt to scale the mountain . It will be up to the climbers whether they want to pay the sherpas for abandoned climbs , said Dambar Parajuli , president of the Expedition Organizers Association . "  We can not compel the foreigners , but they also have their own humanity , " he said . So far , the government has paid Rs . 40,000  $ 662  to the families of each of the 13 dead for funeral expenses . The expedition operators want Rs . 1 million each from the government . The government makes about $ 3 million from royalties on Everest each spring season . Climbers , widow recount deadly traffic jam on Everest On top of the world in 1963 Everest by the numbers	Alpine Ascents International abandons this year 's expedition The Seattle-based company lost five sherpas in the avalanche Organizers decide not to put "  pressure " on expeditions There are now 13 people confirmed dead and three missing
A British banker is facing murder charges in Hong Kong over the killing of two women in an upscale apartment in the city 's central district of Wan Chai -- where one of the victims was discovered stuffed inside a suitcase on the apartment balcony . The suspect , a 29-year-old man identified as Rurik Jutting , appeared before a magistrates ' court in Hong Kong on Monday facing two charges of murder . Wearing black-rimmed glasses , a black t-shirt , and dark jeans , he was not handcuffed and responded "  I do " when asked by the court clerk if he understood the charges against him . He did n't enter a plea . Authorities said they were called to the highrise apartment in the popular nightlife district of Wan Chai early Saturday morning by the suspect . They first discovered a woman lying inside the residence , identified by local media as a disc jockey at a neighborhood pub who is 25 to 30 years old . She had visible cuts on her body and was pronounced dead at the scene , according to a police statement . Officers then discovered the body of another woman , with wounds on her neck , stuffed inside a suitcase on the apartment 's balcony . The second victim was identified as Sumarti Ningsih , according to court documents , which said she had been killed on October 27 . Sumarti was a 25-year-old Indonesian woman who entered Hong Kong last month on a tourist visa , according to a report in the South China Morning Post . The other woman was n't identified . Court documents said she 'd been killed on Saturday . When they arrived at the apartment , police discovered a gruesome scene with the residence covered in blood , the newspaper reported . One of the victims was found with "  her throat slashed . " Police said they arrested the suspect after finding a knife at the scene . Court documents gave his occupation as a "  banker " for Bank of America in Hong Kong . Paul Scanlon , a spokesman for Bank of America Merrill Lynch in Hong Kong , said that a person named Rurik Jutting had worked there but left the bank recently . He declined to comment further on the case . The British Foreign Office confirmed that a British citizen was arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of murder , but did not release the name , citing regulations . Autopsies will be performed on the victims to determine the cause of death , authorities said . Jutting did n't apply for bail on Monday . He will remain in jail until his next court appearance on November 10 . Such cases are unusual in Hong Kong , which has a low rate of violent crime for a city its size . The upscale apartment building where the bodies were found is described by real estate sites as popular with expatriates for its luxurious facilities , including a heated rooftop swimming pool . The Wan Chai district , in a central area of Hong Kong Island , is known for its high number of restaurants , bars and nightclubs , as well as strip clubs .	The suspect , Rurik Jutting , appears before a Hong Kong court The 29-year-old British banker faces two murder charges One of the victims , whose body was found in a suitcase , is reported to be Indonesian Police describe a violent and bloody scene inside a luxury highrise building
A company in China reportedly used giant 3-D printers to make 10 houses in one day . This leads to two obvious questions . First , how big were those printers ? The answer is : 10 meters wide by 6.6 meters high . A mixture of cement and construction waste were sprayed to build the walls layer by layer . And second , if 3-D printers could be used to create a neighborhood of full-sized , detached single family homes in less time and money than it would conventionally take , could 3-D printers help end homelessness ? I 'm not Pollyanna-ish when it comes to ending poverty . Many of the world 's problems stem from decades of government policies that fostered inequality and neglect , dynamics that can not be easily fixed by one solution . At the same time , I 'm completely obsessed with 3-D printers , probably because I do n't fully understand them , so they seem like magic sent to us from the future by Captain Picard . If these printers can make even a dent in some of the world 's most pressing challenges , they would be even cooler in my book . So , what major social and economic problems might we potentially print our way out of ? Here are some possibilities . Hunger At South by Southwest this year , I got to eat candy that came out of a printer , courtesy of the folks at Deloitte . Last fall , writer A.J. Jacobs documented in The New York Times an entire meal he and his wife ate that was produced by 3-D printers , including pizza , pasta and dessert . While Jacobs needed the help of several companies and their Ph.D. staff to produce his meal , on Kickstarter , one startup tried to get funding for the "  Foodini : " a 3-D food printer for home chefs . For now , the technology is too expensive , and like many trends the exploration is happening more in high-end settings  3-D printed caviar , anyone ?  . But as the costs come down and the technology improves , could there be a 3-D printer making nutritious food in every village around the globe ? Perhaps . Homelessness It 's quite a feat for the Chinese company to build 10 homes in one day , but they 're not the only innovators . Earlier this year , Professor Behrokh Khoshnevis at the University of Southern California built a giant 3-D printer that can produce a basic house in one day . And in Amsterdam , construction has begun on what appears to be the first multistory -- and aesthetically pleasing -- 3-D printed house . Of course , homelessness is far more complex than simply a lack of housing . But the ability to create "  affordable housing " even more affordably would not only help homeless people but also low-income individuals . Disease I understand stem cells even less than I understand 3-D printing , so I 'm not going to say much here except to note that scientists are experimenting with what seems to be impossible but apparently is n't : printing human organs . CNN.com reported on how bioprinters use an "  ink " of stem cells to print 3-D shapes that can be placed into the human body , where hopefully the cells will be accepted by the existing tissues . Bioprinting has a lot of potential . In 2013 , a little girl born without a windpipe got one thanks to a 3-D printer that rendered one out of the girl 's own stem cells . A foundation has created a $ 1 million prize to be awarded to whomever comes up with the first 3-D printed functioning liver , which would be a big deal to the 17,000 Americans waiting for liver transplants -- and a huge sign of hope to millions of people worldwide with all kinds of organ needs because of diseases and conditions . Pollution There are many causes of climate change , one of which is pollution from industrial production . 3-D printing offers many promising alternatives to more traditionally wasteful and dirty manufacturing methods . Rather than having to throw out entire products when one piece needs replacing  "  planned obsolescence "  , 3-D printing will make it easier to replace parts . Even complex products can be produced and assembled locally rather than shipped from across the continent , which would reduce the carbon footprint .  The raw materials will need to be shipped , but they take up less room . Money Printing money is as illegal in three dimensions as it is in two . And while 3-D printing may never eliminate the need for money , it may change the demand for it . Think about how the Internet reduced the cost of information or how Spotify has reduced the cost of music . Or how cell phones are prevalent all over the world . Imagine years into the future when 3-D printers are just as affordable and available as cell phones . Communities could meet their basic needs -- not just for food but everyday items -- with far less money . Imagine a 3-D printer making plates and cups and toothbrushes and hammers and nails and much more for entire communities , to be shared or bartered for rather than purchased with cash . And for goods that are bought and sold , 3-D printing could maybe reduce costs without affecting production wages  I 'm looking at you , Wal-Mart  . The possibilities are so exciting that the World Bank has considered the implications of 3-D printing for reducing poverty and sharing prosperity . Let 's hope 3-D printing will truly be as revolutionary as we hope .	A company in China reportedly used 3-D printers to make 10 houses in a day Sally Kohn : 3-D printers have potential to address problems like hunger , pollution She says scientists are even experimenting with printing human tissues , organs Kohn : Millions worldwide can benefit from 3-D printed houses or foods
CNN  -- Alfred Pennine , longtime proprietor of Pennine Funeral Home in Providence , Rhode Island , may have taken a secret to his grave . After Pennine committed suicide last month , another funeral director found six bodies in a garage detached from the Pennine Funeral Home , according to Providence Police Maj. David Lapatin . This week , a man found the bodies of two adults and an infant in a storage unit previously rented to Pennine in nearby Johnston , according to Johnston Police Maj. Frank Levesque . Investigators suspect that Pennine was telling families their loved ones had been buried or cremated , but then not following through and instead keeping the cremation and burial fees , Lapatin said . Authorities are asking owners of storage units across the state to look through their records to see if they rented to Pennine or whether anything suspicious has been found inside , Lapatin said . After Pennine committed suicide in July , another funeral director took the body to the Pennine funeral home and discovered five corpses and a fetus in a detached garage , Lapatin said . The funeral home was shut down by the local health department , Lapatin said . A man on Thursday discovered the bodies of two adults and an infant in the Johnston storage unit . One adult body was found in a cremation box while another was in a standard coffin , Levesque said . The baby was in what funeral homes often refer to as "  infant carriers , " or a smaller coffin . The adults were so decomposed the gender could not be identified , Levesque said . The infant was believed to be a female . The bodies were found by a man who had purchased the unit , which was auctioned because there was no payment on it for six months , Levesque said . Authorities are not sure of the motive but suspect it was financial . Lapatin said that in some instances , relatives of a dead person were given ashes after a supposed cremation when the remains were still in the funeral home garage . The funeral home was not authorized to handle cremations on site . The bodies were brought to another location , where a fee was paid for cremation , Lapatin said . "  It looks like he said he was cremating the bodies and then pocketing the money , " Lapatin said . Lapatin would not say if other funeral directors were being investigated but added that charges could be filed later . "  The scope is a lot wider than Mr. Pennine , " Lapatin said . Pennine 's brother told CNN affiliate WJAR the family had no comment . In July , Boston police discovered human remains in a storage facility belonging to a former Massachusetts funeral director after obtaining a search warrant for unrelated charges on the director , according to the Suffolk County District Attorney 's Office . Garage deaths : 3 believed dead for weeks before discovery in Florida home	Funeral director Alfred Pennine was improperly storing bodies , Providence police say 6 bodies found in garage at funeral parlor after Pennine killed himself in July , police say Three other bodies were found in nearby storage unit Investigators say Pennine was taking clients ' money , then not properly disposing of bodies
CNN  -- Colombian military combat planes opened fire on hidden rebel camps over the weekend , killing at least 20 members of the country 's largest guerrilla group just days after negotiators finished a round of peace talks . A top faction leader of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia guerrillas was among the casualties , Gen. Mario Valencia told reporters Monday . Read more : Five facts about Colombia 's FARC rebels The leader , known by the alias "  Guillermo Pequeno "  Little Guillermo  , had been part of the leftist rebel group for 25 years , Valencia said . In July , Colombia 's Defense Ministry offered a 1 billion-peso  $ 550,000  reward for information leading to his capture . Military officials described the weekend operation as a devastating blow to the rebel group known as the FARC , which has been at war with the South American nation 's government since the 1960s . Read more : Colombia , FARC rebels begin formal peace talks in Norway The airstrikes in Colombia 's Narino department came a day after President Juan Manuel Santos gave a November 2013 deadline for ongoing peace talks with the rebels , which are scheduled to resume Friday . "  This process can not take years , but months . ... But it is important to be patient and not demand immediate results , " Santos said Saturday . Last week , negotiators from both sides concluded their first round of talks and voiced cautious optimism that they would eventually forge a peace deal . Read more : FARC ready to lay down arms if government does The FARC announced last month that it would temporarily halt its battle against government forces as a goodwill gesture . The following day , rebels blew up two electricity towers in Colombia , CNN affiliate Caracol TV reported . The guerrillas later said they carried through with the attack because they were unaware of the cease-fire , Caracol said . Santos told CNN in September that the government would not participate in a cease-fire while the two sides were in negotiations . "  I 've told them there will be cease-fire and we will stop any military operation when we reach a final agreement , " Santos said . "  And if I see that there 's no progress , that they are simply trying to buy time , I will stand up and continue business as usual . And that 's why there 's no cease-fire , no decrease in our military operations , and my government agenda will continue as it was until then . " There have been sporadic attempts at peace between FARC rebels and officials since the 1980s . The last fell apart in 2002 . Then-President Andres Pastrana ceded an area the size of Switzerland to the guerrilla group , but he ended negotiations after rebels launched a series of attacks across the country in an apparent bid to strengthen their position . A new round of peace talks is scheduled to start in Havana , Cuba , on Friday . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	A FARC faction leader is among the casualties of a Colombian military operation Military officials describe the weekend operation as a devastating blow It comes amid peace talks between the rebels and government negotiators Colombia 's president has said government forces wo n't take part in a cease-fire during talks
CNN  -- A Food and Drug Administration advisory committee that has been weighing evidence on whether dye additives in food affect behavior in children will make its recommendation Thursday . The panel will first listen to testimony from the public and the industry . It spent Wednesday listening to testimony from doctors and scientists who contend that studies , although small in many cases , do show that some kids begin to show signs of hyperactivity once they are exposed to certain dye mixtures . The question is whether the FDA committee will urge the agency to strengthen its regulation of the ingredients ? Although the committee only makes recommendations to the FDA , the agency usually follows those recommendations . According to the experts who testified , European companies already are dropping dyes including Blue # 1 , Yellow # 5 , Green # 3 and others and substituting natural dyes for them . But the United States still allows artificial dyes , mostly for aesthetic reasons , not for taste . "  Why are these dyes in these foods anyway ? " asked Michael Jacobsen , executive director of the Center for Science and the Public Interest , a watchdog group on nutrition and food safety . "  I would push for having them taken out completely . But if that ca n't be done , why not warn the public and parents that these dyes could have some effects ? " The idea that dyes in food causes attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , or ADHD , was first noted in "  Why Your Child is Hyperactive , " a book written by Dr. Benjamin Feingold in 1975 . The eating style described in the book became known as the Feingold Diet . He found if one eliminated artificial food dyes and additives in American diets , cases of hyperactivity in children would decline . But reviews of the data found that the correlation between dyes and hyperactivity were inconsistent . Although numerous data have been collected on food dyes and hyperactivity in kids over the past decade , critics say the design of the studies has been weak . They note many of the studies were performed on small groups -- many involved no more than 25 children . They also noted that much of the observation data  how the child acted  was reported by parents and not by clinicians . And they pointed out that most of the dyes tested were combined into a dye mixture and not tested individually . The most recent studies to bring food dyes and ADHD back to the public eye was a 2007 project conducted by researchers at the University of Southampton in the United Kingdom . It showed that artificial food dyes along with sodium benzoate  a white crystalline salt used as a food preservative  increased ADHD symptoms in both hyperactive and non-hyperactive children . That study was followed up by another paper in 2010 by the same researchers who looked at the connection between food dyes , ADHD and histamine , a chemical that 's produced in the brain when the body is having an allergic reaction . "  We found mixtures of certain artificial colors together with sodium benzoate preservative in the diet increased the average level of hyperactivity in 3 and 8/9 year old children in the general population , " Dr. Jim Stevenson , a professor at the School of Psychology at the University of Southampton , and lead author of the study , testified Wednesday . "  We found mixtures of certain artificial colors together with sodium benzoate preservative in the diet increased the average level of hyperactivity in 3 and 8/9 year old children in the general population . " Yet , it was noted that when the Southampton data were unveiled to the European Food Standards Authority , a European version of the FDA , the EFSA found the evidence weak . But some groups in the United States say the findings are another reason that dyes should go . A recent report issued by CSPI looked at data from a number of studies related to artificial food dyes . Jacobsen argued to the board Wednesday that artificial food dyes are not safe for humans and can be connected to numerous health problems , including ADHD allergies , even cancer "  The average child consumes approximately 121 milligrams of artificial dyes a day , " Jacobsen asserted . "  That 's a lot . And dye in food is used twice as much as it was in the 1970s . These are noted scientific effects . There are other factors that could affect child behavior , but if we can take out food dyes as a factor , why not ? "	The FDA usually follows through with panel 's recommendation Testimony : Some studies show some kids show signs of hyperactivity Testimony : European companies are dropping dyes The United States still allows them
CNN  -- After a day spent being trailed by a photographer who taunted him , mocked his clothes and hurled insults about his family , actor Jonah Hill had had enough . "  Suck my d *** , you f **** t , " he said to the guy , very likely giving the paparazzo exactly what he wanted : a reaction and a profanity-and-slur laced one at that . The entire episode was caught on tape and eventually aired by gossip site TMZ . Hill soon after made the rounds with an apology for using the anti-gay term , telling radio host Howard Stern on Tuesday that he is heartbroken he used such a "  disgusting and hurtful " term . On "  The Tonight Show , " he told host Jimmy Fallon that "  the word I chose was grotesque . " But while Hill is left apologizing -- and surely , there is reason for him to do so -- the responsibility was not his alone . After all , the entire episode was a set up , encouraged by a culture obsessed with celebrities and even more obsessed with celebrities behaving badly and a gossip media that rewards those who capture it . The paparazzi have been trained to push buttons , and they 've gotten quite good at it . Unlike some stars who , it might be suspected , exhibit bad behavior to court certain attention -- Alec Baldwin could be one -- Hill 's response seemed genuinely reactionary , born out of pure emotion and frustration . As such , it is not likely to reflect what he really believes . Hill has been outspoken supporter of gay rights . Last year , he told E! News that "  I have tons of gay friends , gay family members . " Before the Winter Olympics in Russia , he spoke out against Moscow 's anti-gay laws . So why , then , was his breaking point reaction a slur ? It probably had far less to do with genuine homophobic beliefs than with power and a feeling of loss of it so profound that it inspired a response rooted in the same crude immaturity as that exhibited by his provoker . The photographer , as seen in the video , was antagonistic , his behavior akin to the taunts of a playground bully , and in a way few adults exhibit , or experience , after childhood . And so , in finally responding after refusing to engage , Hill used language the man would understand and words that he , and indeed many , might never say as an adult , especially an adult in 2014 . He had a temper tantrum-like reaction , calling on words he might have used at a time he was most inclined to have such outbursts and tantrums , when such words were not OK but you were less aware of what they meant . It 's key to remember that celebrities are forced to endure harassment all the time now and bear the burden of the consequences , too . In 2009 , Jude Law allegedly hit a female celebrity photographer after her camera flash went off in his face , although he claims it was untrue . Hugh Grant once threw a tub of baked beans at a cameraman . Nicole Richie had restraining orders issued against two photographers who sat outside her house all day , but not until after she doused them with water for trailing her . While celebrities certainly are not perfect , the ones caught on camera , and the ones largely condemned , are inevitably not the ones holding it . To make Hill 's comments reflective of how he feels about gays and lesbians unfairly turns the responsibility entirely on him when the real blame is in the culture that rewards those who provoke this behavior and choose to interpret it in the worst way possible . By suggesting these comments indicate that Hill is homophobic , are n't we , in effect , saying that we believe that 's what he meant because what else would he mean ? In the end , Hill has behaved after his outburst in the most appropriate way possible , expressing believable remorse , explaining the motivations for the attack but also noting there was no excuse for what he said . "  If someone says something that hurt you or angers you , use me as an example of what not to do , " he told Fallon . "  Do n't respond with hatred or anger , because you are just adding more ugliness to the world . " Perhaps the celebrity media would be wise to do the same .	Jonah Hill called photographer a gay slur after being antagonized by him all day Peggy Drexler : Hill publicly apologized , but paparrazi should lay off celebrities Hill 's response was rooted in the same crude immaturity as that exhibited by his provoker Drexler : No excuse for the slur , but it does not reflect Hill 's beliefs
Governor 's Island , New York  CNN  -- The "  sport of kings " proved a bit tricky this weekend for Britain 's Prince Harry , who fell headfirst off his horse during a charity polo match in New York . The prince , who is third in line to the throne , was sending the ball downfield when he overbalanced . He pitched forward , keeping hold of the reins with one hand while he rolled to land on his backside . He did not appear to be hurt . The 25-year-old prince walked backed to his horse and remounted to cheers from the crowd on the baking hot day on Governor 's Island . Harry was playing in the Veuve Clicqout Polo Classic in aid of a charity he co-founded to help AIDS victims in the tiny African nation of Lesotho in South Africa . Prince Seeiso of Lesotho is the other co-founder of the charity , Sentebale . Harry , the younger son of Prince Charles and the late Diana , Princess of Wales , has faced more dangerous situations than a charity polo match -- he served for two months as an Army officer in Afghanistan , and is now training to be a military helicopter pilot . CNN 's Andrea Mineo contributed to this report .	Prince Harry was playing in charity polo match He pitched headfirst off his horse but was not hurt Event was to help charity for AIDS sufferers in Lesotho , South Africa Harry is third in line to the British throne
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales arrived Monday in Iran on his first official visit to the country , the Iranian Press TV reported . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , right , greets Bolivia 's leader , Evo Morales , on Monday in Tehran . Morales is expected to meet with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to "  review issues of mutual interest " between the Islamic republic and the leftist South American nation , according to the national news agency IRNA . The Bolivian leader arrived in Tehran from Libya , where he met with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . Morales has described Iran and Bolivia as "  two friendly and revolutionary countries , " Press TV said . "  The two countries are both energy producers and are staunchly opposed to U.S. hegemony . " Morales , a former labor organizer and the country 's first indigenous president , was elected in 2005 . Like Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , with whom he maintains strong ties , Morales has sought to improve his relationship with Tehran .	Bolivian leader to "  review issues of mutual interest " with Iran 's president Bolivian President Evo Morales has sought to improve ties with Iran Bolivia , Iran "  staunchly opposed to U.S. hegemony , " Morales says Morales met with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi before Iran trip
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Monday that U.S. advisers will keep trying to help Uganda and its neighbors capture Joseph Kony , the leader of the Lord 's Resistance Army . "  Today , I can announce that our advisers will continue their efforts to bring this madman to justice and to save lives , " Obama said in a speech at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum . "  It 's part of our regional strategy to end the scourge that is the LRA and help realize a future where no African child is stolen from their family , and no girl is raped , and no boy is turned into a child soldier . " Kony , who was named a "  specially designated global terrorist " by President George W. Bush in 2008 , gained worldwide notoriety this year after a 30-minute video called "  Invisible Children " went viral on the Internet . When Obama ordered the effort last year , he had said the National Security Council would review any progress after 150 days . In October , Obama administration officials told the House Foreign Affairs Committee that the deployment to Africa of approximately 100 advisers -- most of them U.S. Special Forces -- would be "  short-term . " The U.S. troops have been serving in a mostly advisory role to forces from Uganda , South Sudan , the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic in dismantling the Lord 's Resistance Army and hunting Kony . For two decades , the group has terrorized central Africa through the abduction of children to serve as soldiers in a campaign of rape , pillage and murder . While the mission does not call for the U.S. troops to engage in combat , they are carrying weapons to be used in self-defense . The Lord 's Resistance Army , formed in the late 1980s , is a sectarian military and religious group that operates in northern Uganda and South Sudan . It has committed numerous abuses and atrocities such as abducting , raping , maiming and killing civilians , including women and children , according to globalsecurity.org . Its members are known for hacking off the lips and ears of their victims , looting villages and burning huts , and stealing clothes and medicine from the communities they terrorize . The group has sought to overthrow the Ugandan government and has contributed to instability across the Central African Republic , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and South Sudan . Kony is often "  underrated " as a leader , according to a 2011 Jane 's report on the group . Kony has claimed to be possessed by spirits who dictate the group 's strategy . Jane 's notes that the tactic has served him well , enabling him to speak to followers who have mixed beliefs . By his portrayal as a medium with supernatural abilities , his authority becomes harder to question within the ranks . The Lord 's Resistance Army is sophisticated and less like the ragtag group of fighters it is sometimes portrayed as , Jane 's says . It has benefited from the military experience of former Ugandan military officers and years of combat in Sudan . International aid convoys and nongovernmental organizations operating in the region have been threatened by the group , according to numerous reports . Last year , the State Department said that , "  since 2008 alone , the LRA has killed more than 2,400 people and abducted more than 3,400 . The United Nations estimates that over 380,000 people are displaced across the region because of LRA activity . " Kony says he is a prophet sent from God to replace the Ugandan government with a democracy based on the Ten Commandments .	Advisers working "  to bring this madman to justice , " Obama says Regional strategy aimed at ending "  scourge " of Lord 's Resistance Army , he says Kony gained widespread notoriety after a 30-minute video about him went viral
CNN  -- The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers could open the Morganza Spillway as early as Saturday , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said Friday . The Mississippi River Commission has directed the Corps to operate the crucial spillway once river flows reach a certain trigger : 1.5 million cubic feet per second . Projections indicate the tipping point could be hit as early as Saturday evening , Jindal has said . Opening the spillway would lower anticipated cresting levels along the lower Mississippi River and divert water from Baton Rouge and New Orleans but would flood much of low-lying south-central Louisiana . Seven parishes are expected to be affected by the opening , according to the Corps . The Mississippi River Commission has advised a "  slow opening , " and the flood would spread gradually over several days , the Corps said . The Morganza Spillway has not been opened since 1973 . Louisiana state and local officials braced for the possibility of major flooding in the Atchafalaya River Basin if , or when , federal authorities open the spillway north of Baton Rouge . They advised residents to expect road closings . Residents gawk at Mississippi 's rise The National Guard worked around the clock to construct a flood barrier in Morgan City , Louisiana , where the Atchafalaya River was already 3.15 feet above flood stage , according to the National Weather Service . The strategy in Morgan City , officials say , is to reinforce the levees around the city . That 's where efforts were being focused Friday , rather than on handing out sandbags to individual residents . "  Really , we 're just waiting , " said Evie Bertaut , who has lived in Morgan City for 50 years . Officials believe that the levees will protect the city from flooding , but some are taking preliminary precautions , she said . At Sacred Heart Church , where Bertaut works , people spent the day moving important documents such a baptismal , marriage and financial records to the second floor . "  Most people are getting their photographs together , things that you ca n't replace in case you have to go , " she said . A collective gasp as Louisiana town braces for flood Meanwhile , in the Arkansas town of Helena , the river crested at 56.5 feet -- 12.5 feet above flood stage , according to the National Weather Service . The river 's slow pace has given emergency responders more time to prepare , forecasters said . But while the slow-moving water gives residents extra time to get ready , it also means that land could remain under water for some time . Jindal urged southeastern Louisiana residents to evacuate . "  Now is the time to take action , " he said . The U.S. Coast Guard said floodwaters could close the Mississippi River to ships at the New Orleans port as early as Monday morning . To help New Orleans , the Army Corps of Engineers said Friday that it will open 52 more bays at the Bonnet Carre Spillway just north of the city , diverting water into Lake Pontchartrain . That will mean a total of 264 bays will be open in the 350-bay spillway . Stars talk about the flooding and response The National Weather Service said that as of Friday morning , the river was at 16.8 feet in New Orleans , just a fraction below flood stage . It is expected to crest May 23 at more than 19 feet . The New Orleans levees are built to withstand 20 feet , according to the weather service . Upriver in Vicksburg , Mississippi , Police Chief Walter Armstrong said 600 residents had been evacuated as of Thursday night . The river was expected to crest at 57.5 feet . Flood stage at Vicksburg , the level at which the river may begin flowing over its banks , is 43 feet . Armstrong said he expected higher water Friday , with more homes affected . More than two dozen roads were closed and about 45 businesses will be closed by Friday . Homes that were built between the levee and the Mississippi River were the first affected . "  We estimate that every home built on the river side of the levee from Memphis all the way to the Louisiana line is flooded , " said Mike Womack , executive director of the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency . Residents near Vicksburg counted on a levee for protection . In addition to the mainline levee along the river , starting near Vicksburg and extending northeast for more than 20 miles , a so-called backwater levee offers shelter . The backwater levee is designed to keep water from backing into the Yazoo River delta and is designed lower than the mainline levee so that water can flow over it . That level is expected to be reached Monday , said Charlie Tindall , attorney for the Board of Mississippi Levee Commissioners . The backwater levee was being "  armored " by a heavy plastic coating to prevent it from washing out , he said . Nonetheless , 1.4 million acres in Mississippi , including 602,000 acres where crops are growing , could flood , said Rickey Grey of the state 's Department of Agriculture . Across the South and lower Midwest , floodwaters have covered about 3 million acres of farmland , eroding for many farmers what could have been a profitable year for corn , wheat , rice and cotton , officials said . In Arkansas , the Farm Bureau estimated that damage to the state 's agriculture could top more than $ 500 million as more than 1 million acres of cropland are under water . Womack talks about flood costs "  It 's in about 10 feet of water , " Dyersburg , Tennessee , farmer Jimmy Moody said of his 440 acres of winter wheat , which was to be harvested in the coming month . Other farmers in Mississippi , Missouri , Tennessee and Arkansas rushed to salvage what wheat they could ahead of the rising water . As for corn , farmers who were able to get into the fields during a soggy planting season in late March and April are seeing their crops in some cases under several feet of water . Some officials said Thursday that spillover effects resulting from the flood could threaten other industries . That includes the possibility that the Waterford 3 nuclear power plant in Taft , Louisiana , could be closed , according to CNN affiliate WGNO . The Mississippi River is expected to crest at 26.6 feet in Taft on May 23 . If it reaches 27 feet , officials told WGNO , the plant 's water intake system could shut down . NBA 's Grizzlies inspired by fans in flooded Memphis Carl Rhode of Entergy , the plant 's operator , told WGNO that the threat to the intake system is not a matter of nuclear safety . However , Scott Welchel , a St. Charles Parish Emergency Operations Center official , said shutting down the plant would have a "  domino effect " on local industries . "  It would impact every industry along the river , " Welchel said . "  That 's just something that is n't easy for people to deal with , especially on a moment 's notice . " For residents in communities along the river , the damage has been far more devastating than can be measured in dollars and cents . Danny Moore of Millington , Tennessee , told CNN affiliate WPTY that the recent disaster marked the second time in one year that flooding took away nearly everything he had . Moore said that after a flood destroyed all of his furniture last year , he decided to move everything he owned into rented storage space . However , those belongings were destroyed when his storage unit was flooded several days ago . "  They say bad luck comes in threes . I hope this is the end of it , " Moore told WPTY . The Millington resident said he lost a house to a fire in 2009 . Moore said he is too preoccupied with taking care of his girlfriend , who is suffering from an infection that is damaging her liver , to look for new furniture . "  We 'll do what we 've got to do and keep praying , " Moore said , holding back tears . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Mia Aquino and Erica Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Army Corps of Engineers is expected to open the spillway once river flows hit a trigger NEW : Projections indicate the tipping point could come as early as Saturday , Jindal says NEW : The Morganza Spillway has not been opened since 1973 Opening the Morganza Spillway would flood the Atchafalaya River Basin
Soccer 's world governing body expects the 2018 World Cup to be a catalyst for social change in Russia , despite apparently anti-gay statements by the head of the organizing committee . But FIFA told CNN Tuesday that it was seeking clarification on the adoption of new laws in Russia which "  prohibit propaganda on non-traditional sexual relations " around minors . The legislation also bans symbols symbols such as rainbow flags and has led to calls for the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics and the 2018 World Cup to be boycotted . Alexey Sorokin , CEO of the latter competition , defended the new laws , saying they had been misinterpreted . "  It is designed against active propaganda of homosexuality , not against homosexuality itself . That is a big difference , " he was quoted in an article by World Football Insider . "  Would you like a World Cup where naked people are running around displaying their homosexuality ? The answer to that is quite obvious . " "  The Olympics and World Cup are not a stage for various views -- not for Nazis , not for any other ways of life . It should be about football and nothing else . " FIFA said that its statutes had "  zero tolerance against discrimination based , among other , on sexual orientation " and trusted that the 2018 hosts would deliver on their promise to provide all visitors and fans with a warm welcome . "  FIFA is firmly convinced that the staging of the World Cup can contribute to uniting people and having a positive social impact , " it added . The International Olympic Committee  IOC  , under pressure to act ahead of next year 's Winter Games , has publicly opposed any moves to stage boycotts , but told CNN it is keeping a watching brief on developments in Russia . "  This legislation has just been passed into law and it remains to be seen whether and how it will be implemented , particularly as regards the Games in Sochi , " it said . "  To that end , the IOC has received assurances from the highest level of government in Russia that the legislation will not affect those attending or taking part in the Games . " Russia won the right to host the 2018 World Cup at a vote in December 2010 and pledged to build 13 new stadiums as part of a near $ 5 billion plan . Billions will also be spent on improving infrastructure for the expected influx of tourists and football fans for the global competition .	FIFA wants clarification on adoption of new ` anti-gay ' laws in Russia 2018 World Cup CEO defends new legislation FIFA wants 2018 to ` unite people and have a positive social impact ' Campaigners have demanded boycotts of Olympics and World Cup
CNN  -- Firefighters battling a California wildfire overnight progressed in making containment lines . The firefighters took advantage of the lower temperatures at night to make "  backfires " that helped secure the containment lines , fire management spokesman Marc Peebles said . The work , however , did not change the percentage of the fire that was contained . It remained at 30 % on Saturday . The Colby wildfire , as it is called , continued to burn Saturday on about 1,863 acres of foothills of Los Angeles County near Glendora . An illegal campfire apparently ignited the wildfire , and fire officials cited drought conditions as contributing to the blaze . One area resident , Korey Rowe , who moved to Los Angeles just six days , photographed the blaze and firefighting helicopters for a CNN iReport . He woke to the choppers flying over his home and then drove to see the blaze Friday . "  It was my first wildfire , " said Rowe , 30 . "  There was ash raining down all over us . I could feel the heat , it was awesome . The cops had shut the roads down . " Also Friday , California Gov. Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency for the state , saying it is facing "  perhaps the worst drought that California has ever seen since records  began  about 100 years ago . " The Colby fire began before dawn Thursday and allegedly originated with three men camping in the foothills near Glendora , authorities said . The campers were tossing paper into a campfire , and a gust of wind spread embers , authorities said . The three men , all in their early 20s , were arrested on suspicion of recklessly starting a fire , said police Chief Tim Staab of Glendora . One man is from Glendora and another is from Irwindale , he said . The third man 's hometown was not known . Bail was set Thursday at $ 20,000 for each . The three men arrested were identified as Jonathan Carl Jerrell , 23 ; Clifford Eugene Henry Jr. , 22 ; and Steven Robert Aguirre , 21 , police said . They and their attorneys could n't be reached for comment . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  There was ash raining down all over us , " CNN iReporter says Colby wildfire remains steady at 30 % contained It continues to burn on 1,863 acres near Glendora The fire has been burning since Thursday
CNN  -- Reports of young children developing premature or inappropriate sex characteristics have prompted the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to require a boxed label warning on two testosterone gel products . Men use testosterone gels if they no longer produce testosterone or produce it in low amounts . The FDA announced Thursday that these children had experienced adverse effects in growth and sexual development after coming into contact with adults who used the products . Specifically , young girls developed male sex characteristics , and boys prematurely developed male sex characteristics The gels , AndroGel and Testim , are approved for use in men who produce little or no testosterone . In 2007 , there were 1.4 million prescriptions dispensed for AndroGel -- 25,000 of which were for women -- and 370,000 for Testim . Some women use testosterone gel products off-label , perhaps to increase sex drive , but the FDA has not approved these products for any reason in women . Other non-FDA approved products are sold over the Internet . The agency has not reviewed the safety and efficacy of these products and does not know how widely they are sold . In explaining how a child might have been exposed , Dr. Dianne Murphy , director of the Office of Pediatric Therapeutics at the FDA , suggested that a gel user might forget to wash his or her hands or cover treated areas , or may have not waited for skin to dry , and then picked up the child and held him or her to the upper body . The ratio of skin surface area to total body size of a child is much greater than in an adult , Murphy said . That means that a small area on an adult 's body corresponds to a greater percentage of surface area on a child 's body . The FDA has reviewed eight cases of children ages 9 months to 5 years who developed symptoms as a result of exposure to the gel up to December 1 . Abnormal effects included inappropriate enlargement of the genitalia , premature development of pubic hair , advanced bone age , increased libido and aggressive behavior . Although most children 's signs and symptoms regressed after they were no longer exposed to the gel , in a few cases the enlarged genitalia did not return to normal , and the bone age was still higher than the child 's chronological age , the FDA said . One of these children required surgical intervention , the FDA said . Some children also had to undergo invasive diagnostic procedures . More than a dozen additional reported cases are currently under review by FDA . Androgel is applied to the upper arms and shoulders and abdomen once per day , and Testim is applied to the upper arms and shoulders once per day , said Dr. Mark Hirsch of the FDA . The current labels instruct users to wash their hands after use , and to cover treated skin with clothing . When product users applied gel to body parts that were not indicated in the product 's labeling , they "  increased the opportunity for a child to be inadvertently exposed , " she said . The FDA recommends that children and women avoid contact with the places where men have applied these products . The agency also recommends that adults who use testosterone gels do the following : • Wash hands with soap and water after every application . • Cover the application site with clothing when gel has dried . • Wash the site where the gel was applied with soap and water before coming into skin contact with another person . • Note that the use of non-FDA-approved testosterone gels that can result the same effects should be avoided .	AndroGel and Testim approved for use in men who produce little or no testosterone Other non-FDA approved products are sold over the Internet Women also use these products off-label
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- Ronnie Lee Gardner , who is set to die next week before Utah 's firing squad , said something Thursday he did n't plan to : He supports capital punishment . But , Gardner told the five-member Utah Board of Pardons and Parole , he thinks the death penalty needs to be "  as fair as you can get it . " Testifying at his commutation hearing , Gardner said he accepts responsibility for killing two men and seriously wounding a third . But , he added , executing him on June 18 would not be fair because he 's never had the chance to present evidence in court that might have swayed jurors from a death sentence . Gardner choked up as he said he has n't been able to apologize to the families of his victims , saying they do n't want to hear from him . He did not take that opportunity to apologize to the family members who were in the audience at the hearing . "  It makes me sad , " he said , wiping his eyes . "  I know killing me is going to hurt them just as bad , " he said . "  I 've been on the other side of the gun . I know . " Now 49 , Gardner is scheduled to be executed June 18 by firing squad for the murder of attorney Michael Burdell during an escape attempt at a Salt Lake City courthouse . Gardner , who had a long history of violence and escape , was at the courthouse on April 2 , 1985 , for a pretrial hearing in the 1984 slaying of Melvyn Otterstrom . He was killed at the Salt Lake City bar where he was working to earn extra money . An acquaintance handed Gardner a gun at the courthouse ; he fatally shot Burdell , who was there for another case , and shot and wounded bailiff Nick Kirk . Friends and relatives of his victims were split Thursday on whether Gardner deserves to die . "  Michael would not have wanted Ronnie Lee killed , " Donna Nu , Burdell 's fiancée , tearfully testified . "  I 'm asking to honor his wishes and commute the sentence to life without parole . " But Craig Watson , Otterstrom 's cousin , called for Gardner 's execution . He testified that Otterstrom died while Gardner was robbing the Cheers bar , walking away with less than $ 100 . Gardner fired a gun in Otterstrom 's face and "  blew his head off , " Watson said . "  In our minds , he did it just for fun . " Kirk 's daughter , Tami Stewart , sobbed as she recalled how her father 's shooting resulted in years of pain and five surgeries for him , and left him unable to go fishing and camping -- activities they previously had enjoyed as a family . "  That was the day that ruined my life , " her father , who died in 1995 , said of the day he was shot , Stewart testified . Otterstrom 's son said he does n't know what sentence his father 's killer should receive . "  I 've been told stories of how much my dad loved me , how he was a wonderful father , " said Jason Otterstrom , who was 3 when his father was killed . "  I will never know . I will never know him . " Otterstrom said he is torn about whether to support the death penalty or life in prison without parole for Gardner . Whatever decision is made , he said , it should be permanent . "  Our families need peace . Our families deserve the opportunity to place this action in the past . " Closing arguments are set for Friday in the hearing , and the board will deliver its decision on Monday . Gardner 's attorney , Andrew Parnes , pointed out that jurors in the Burdell murder trial were not given the option of deciding to sentence him to life in prison without the possibility of parole . Parnes said it was suggested during the trial that if jurors did n't sentence Gardner to death , he might one day be released . Gardner pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in Otterstrom 's death and the Burdell jury was not told of the judge 's recommendation in that case that he never be freed from prison , Parnes said . Jurors also did not hear about Gardner 's childhood , marked by poverty , neglect and abuse ; his use of inhalants beginning at about age 6 ; and his being institutionalized in a mental hospital at age 10 or 11 . Craig Haney , a professor of psychiatry at the University of California , Santa Cruz , said he has studied many death-row prisoners , nearly all of whom have had disadvantaged childhoods . "  I can tell you that Mr. Gardner 's life stands among the very worst , " he testified . Gardner 's mother asked to be sterilized after his birth , he said , telling hospital personnel she could not care for the children she already had . In 1963 , Gardner , then 2 , was found wandering in the street , clad only in a diaper . The record of neglect "  never wavered and it never varied " throughout Gardner 's childhood , Haney said . While social workers and others made frequent notes of the situation , no one appears to have done anything to rectify it . His placement in the mental hospital at age 10 or 11 came not because of mental illness , Haney said . Instead , it stemmed from a need to keep Gardner away from his family and , authorities noted , introduce him to a "  normal " way of life . Doctors at the hospital noted that Gardner was already addicted to sniffing glue and paint , which could have caused brain damage , Haney said . The account painted a picture of a little boy who felt stupid , unloved and with no place in the world . But it did not move ValDean Kirk , bailiff Nick Kirk 's widow , who plans to witness Gardner 's execution . While many people have bad childhoods , she said afterward , they overcome it . "  He just wants to get out , " she said of Gardner . While he may have had disadvantages , she said , "  He knew right and wrong . That 's all you need to know . " Gardner testified that he realizes he will spend the rest of his life in prison if he is not executed . "  I have changed , " he said , noting that he -- once a "  nasty little bugger " -- has had no discipline problems in prison in the last five years and only minor incidents in the last decade . "  It was just time to grow up and accept what I 've done , " he said . Nu told reporters she was never angry about the murder of the man she planned to marry . "  Michael ... believed in life . He did n't believe that when you die , it 's over , " she said . Nu is a member of Summum , a Salt Lake City-based religious movement , as was Burdell . Belief blog : What is Summum ? Gardner 's execution , she added , is not going to bring peace to the victims ' families . "  Closure does n't come from the outside , " she said . "  It comes from the inside . "	Condemned killer Ronnie Lee Gardner testifies at commutation hearing He is schedule to be executed by firing squad on June 18 Family members of victims differ on support of the death penalty Utah Board of Pardons and Parole will announce its decision on Monday
CNN  -- First it was Chinese tourists apparently being targeted by criminal gangs in Paris . Roma pickpocketing crews were reportedly picking on Chinese travelers because of their habit of carrying plenty of cash with them . Now the tables seem , in a way , to be turned . French authorities suspect Chinese organized criminals to be behind the circulation of thousands of fake tickets to Paris ' Louvre -- the world 's most visited art gallery -- in a scam worth hundreds of thousands of euros . The museum was alerted to the swindle at the beginning of August when a staff member became suspicious of a ticket handed over by a Chinese tour guide , France 24 reports . The ticket "  felt strange to the touch and the paper quality was not good . All our staff were immediately put on the alert , " a Louvre spokesperson told Le Parisien . Upping their game But the criminals behind the scam appear to have upped their game at some point -- or more than one gang is operating . Days later , the Louvre discovered fake tickets that at first appeared "  in every way identical to the genuine article , " the spokesperson said . Then , at the end of August , Belgian customs officers seized more than 4,000 forged Louvre passes in a parcel from China . The counterfeit tickets being worth at least â ‚ ¬ 36  $ 48  each , that haul alone would have saved the scammers at least â ‚ ¬ 144,000  about $ 191,000  . Read more : Chinese tourists targeted in Paris pickpocketing spate The Belgian discovery has sparked a French criminal investigation into whether criminal gangs in China are collaborating with Chinese tour operators in Paris to profit from the fake tickets , the Louvre said . However , French officials are reportedly wary of commenting publicly on the investigation for fear of causing diplomatic embarrassment with China . Scope of scam uncertain The Louvre as yet has no idea of the scope of the scam . "  Our tickets are valid for a year . There 's no telling how many are in circulation and there 's no way as yet of calculating the cost of this scam to the museum , " the Louvre said . The gallery would "  enhance -LSB- its -RSB- anti-counterfeiting system " in response to the forgeries , the gallery told the Beijing Times , emphasizing that it continued to welcome Chinese tourists . French diplomats may be right to tread warily around the incident . Comments on Chinese social media expressed concern about the damage the scam could do to China 's image . "  Can you please stop forging ? This is so embarrassing ! " read one post on Weibo , the Chinese equivalent of Twitter  link in Chinese language only  . "  Ticket holders may not know the tickets are fake -- yet Chinese people are the ones being shamed , " read another .	Chinese gangs may be behind forging of thousands of fake Louvre passes One haul alone -- in Belgium -- worth almost $ 200,000 France reportedly wary of diplomatic fallout Chinese social media users "  embarrassed "
CNN  -- Blood transfusions . Saline injections . Back-dated prescriptions and tipoffs to coming tests . Former teammates of cycling superstar Lance Armstrong recounted a wide range of techniques used to beat the sport 's drug-testing regimen to investigators from the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which released its findings on the seven-time Tour de France winner Wednesday . But perhaps the most effective one was the most low-tech : laying low . "  We hid , " the report quotes former U.S. Postal Service team member Tyler Hamilton . "  At the time , the whereabouts programs of drug testing agencies were not very robust . " The sport 's international governing body , the UCI , "  did not even have an out of competition testing program . If a tester did show up , you typically would not get a missed test even if you decided not to answer the door . In any case , there was no penalty until you had missed three tests . So , avoiding testing was just one more way we gamed the system . " Highlights of the Armstrong report The team 's staff "  was good at being able to predict when riders would be tested and seemed to have inside information about the testing , " states the nearly 200-page decision , which was backed by hundreds of pages of supporting documents . During Armstrong 's comeback attempt in 2009 , his Astana team "  benefited from privileged information or timing advantages during doping control tests . " And in 2010 , Armstrong himself "  was providing untimely and incomplete whereabouts information to USADA , thereby making it more difficult to locate him for out of competition testing . " Armstrong has consistently denied doping accusations , and his lawyer called the USADA probe a "  witch hunt " Wednesday . But he has stopped contesting the allegations , and he faces being stripped of his titles . The riders also told of timing their use of erythropoietin , or EPO , which boosts the number of red blood cells that carry oxygen to the muscles , to avoid detection . The substance was undetectable before 2000 and currently can be detected only for a short time . The riders cut that time further by injecting it into a vein rather than under the skin , meaning it would be gone "  in a matter of hours . " Evidence of Armstrong doping ` overwhelming , ' agency says They used testosterone in much the same way , taking small doses at night so that they could pass a drug test the following morning . And they also had infusions of saline solution before a test , which throws off a test that measures red blood cell concentration . That sometimes required fancy footwork , and there were some close calls , the riders said . During the 1998 world cycling championships , a UCI tester showed up unannounced and started setting up at a bed and breakfast where Armstrong 's team was staying . A team doctor went outside to their car , retrieved a bottle of saline "  and smuggled it right past the UCI tester and into Armstrong 's bedroom , " the report states . Teammate Jonathan Vaughters told investigators that they later "  had a good laugh about how he had been able to smuggle in saline and administer it to Lance essentially under the UCI inspector 's nose . " Armstrong : It 's time to move forward CNN 's Matt Smith and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	"  We hid " from drug tests , cyclist Tyler Hamilton told doping investigators Tipoffs and timing helped conceal drug use as well , report finds Armstrong denies doping allegations
The world 's response to Ebola is its own sort of tragedy . Two facts make the point clear : -- The United Nations has asked for $ 1 billion to fight the spread of the virus . As of Friday , it had collected only $ 100,000 -- or 0.01 % . An additional $ 20 million has been pledged but not received , according to CNN Money . "  We need to turn pledges into action , " the U.N. 's Ban Ki-moon told reporters . "  We need more doctors , nurses , equipment , treatment centers . " -- Liberia , meanwhile , which is hardest hit by the virus , says it requires 2.4 million boxes of protective gloves -- and 85,000 body bags , to be able to fight the virus in the next six months . Currently , it only has 18,000 boxes of gloves and less than 5,000 body bags . Let that second number sink in . Eight-five thousand body bags needed . But what is actually-really-truly behind the lack of helpfulness on the part of the international community ? If you listen to right-wing pundits in the United States , we should blame Obama -- who they say is having his "  Katrina moment . " Those jabs are fueled more by upcoming midterm elections than reality . And they wo n't likely be quieted by Obama 's announcement on Friday that he has appointed an "  Ebola czar " to manage the U.S. response . The true devastation , however , has been unfolding in West Africa for months . And it 's the subject of far less outrage in the United States . A more rational and deep-seated critique of the international community 's relative inaction emerged in a recent BBC interview with Kofi Annan , the former U.N. secretary general , who is from Ghana . "  If the crisis had hit some other region , " he 's quoted as telling that news organization , "  it probably would have been handled very differently . "  In fact when you look at the evolution of the crisis , the international community really woke up when the disease got to America and Europe . " It 's hard not to agree that race and geography do play a role in the world 's callousness . They help explain why "  some other region " -- any other region , really -- would get more help . Science tells part of the story . There 's evidence lighter skinned people have trouble "  feeling " the pain of those with darker skin . Researchers at the University of Milano-Bicocca , in Italy , tested this in by showing a group of Caucasian people video clips of people of various races being pricked with a needle . They monitored the viewers to see how their bodies responded to the sight of another person being hurt . The white viewers reacted more strongly -- or showed more physical empathy -- when white people were hurt than Africans . In another study , "  researchers found that white participants , black participants , and nurses and nursing students assumed that blacks felt less pain than whites , " Slate writes . Except for a handful of health workers , nearly all of Ebola 's 4,400 casualties have been black Africans -- and these simmering biases are deeply troubling . "  Ebola is now a stand-in for any combination of ` African-ness ' , ` blackness ' , ` foreign-ness ' and ` infestation ' -- poised to ruin the perceived purity of Western borders and bodies , " Hannah Giorgis wrote for The Guardian . There 's a long , ugly history of this sort of thing . Consider the 1994 Rwanda genocide , or the HIV/AIDS epidemic . "  In the case of AIDS , it took years for proper research funding to be put in place and it was only when so-called ` innocent ' groups were involved  women and children , haemophiliac patients and straight men  that the media , the politicians and the scientific community and funding bodies took notice , " John Ashton , president of the UK Faculty of Public Health , wrote for The Independent . The headline of his piece : "  They 'd find a cure if Ebola came to London . " Maybe some blame should fall on geography , as well . Americans , in particular , know very little about Africa  just try this quiz on African geography from the Washington Post  . The physical distance between Africa and North America or Europe -- two global centers of financial and political power -- also could lead people to feel emotionally distant from the crisis . "  I do n't know about racism , but I do know when  Ebola  was only in Africa , hardly anyone in the U.S. cared that it was killing thousands , " a friend wrote in response to a question I posed on Facebook . "  But now that like four people have it in the U.S. , it is all-out panic . " Whatever the reason , a lack of empathy is clearly at play . Too many people panic when Ebola hits Dallas but shrug at the gruesome reality in Monrovia . Too many worry that someone who might have been in contact with an Ebola patient has boarded a cruise ship bound for Belize -- but we do n't feel for Ebola 's child orphans . I hope shining light on these realities can help change them . I 'll leave you with a passage from an essay by Leslie Jamison , a woman who worked as a "  medical actor , " meaning she faked illnesses for emotionally tone-deaf medical students . As she listened to the sometimes hard-headed students interrogate her about her made-up illnesses , she learned a thing or two about what it means to actually empathize with a person . "  Empathy is n't just something that happens to us -- a meteor shower of synapses firing across the brain -- it 's also a choice we make : to pay attention , to extend ourselves , " she wrote . Take that as a challenge . Pay attention . Extend yourself . And demand world leaders do the same .	The world 's response to Ebola is its own tragedy , writes CNN 's John Sutter He argues race and geography play a role in the inaction Kofi Annan : If Ebola hit another region , "  it probably would have been handled very differently "
Cairo  CNN  -- The much anticipated trial of former Egyptian Interior Minister Habib El Adly has been postponed until August 3 -- the same day Egypt 's ousted president is scheduled to stand trial . El Adly and former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak face charges of killing pro-democracy protesters during the revolution that started six months ago . El Adly 's trial at a Cairo court was expected to be carried live on state television Monday . This is second time the trial was postponed amid frustrations among protesters in Tahrir Square who demand speedy trials and swift judgments for detained officials from Mubarak 's regime . Judge Adel Abdel Salam Gomaa announced the postponement to a court room packed with people -- many of whom had already learned about the decision on Egyptian State TV . "  The decision was leaked by the lawyers before the hearing and broadcast before the defendants and judge even entered the court -- which was a big mistake , " said Aly Hassan , a judicial consultant with the Ministry of Justice . El Adly appeared with a blue uniform because he had been sentenced to 12 years for corruption charges . Six of his former assistants , who were also set to stand trial for allegedly killing protesters , appeared in white suits . The authorities asked all journalists to leave the court except for Egyptian TV staff in charge of broadcasting the trial . "  Do they expect us to believe that Mubarak will appear with Adly in two weeks at a court when he has been in Sharm el-Sheikh for six months ? " said Noor Noor , an activist and son of presidential candidate Ayman Noor . The 83-year-old ex-ruler fell into a coma earlier this month , Mubarak lawyer Farid El Deeb told CNN . He later regained consciousness , said Mohamed Fathalla , the head of the Sharm el-Sheikh facility where Mubarak was recuperating . Hassan said Mubarak and El Adly are expected to be tried in the coastal city due to security issues . More than 800 protesters were killed during the Egyptian revolution when pro-democracy protests forced Mubarak to step down on February 11 . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Former Egyptian Interior Minister Habib El Adly faces charges of killing protesters His new trial date is the same day as ousted President Hosni Mubarak 's trial Protesters are angry after demanding speedy trials and swift judgments on regime members Six of El Adly 's former assistants are also accused of killing protesters
Editor 's note : Julian E. Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . His new book , "  Arsenal of Democracy : The Politics of National Security -- From World War II to the War on Terrorism , " will be published this fall by Basic Books . Zelizer writes widely on current events . Julian E. Zelizer says Democrats should be questioning themselves on several key points . PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- This week , Jews will conclude the eight-day celebration of Passover , a holiday that has often found its way into the political realm . Civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. frequently invoked the story of the liberation of the Jewish people from the Egyptians in his struggle against white oppression . President Obama made headlines last week when he hosted a Passover Seder in the White House . Today , Democrats can draw an important lesson from Passover , this time not so much from the story that is retold during the holiday but through the rituals that are the focus of the week . Last Wednesday and Thursday evenings , Jews gathered with families , friends and other groups to have a Seder . These meals are not just about eating and talking , but also about learning and debating the stories of the holiday contained in a book called the Haggadah . There is no right answer to many of the questions that are raised , and discussions change over time as the life experiences of the participants bring new perspectives to the table . The highlight of the Seder is when the youngest child asks the Four Questions , asking the adults what makes these nights different from the others and then offering some possible answers . Politicians could learn a lot from the Seder , particularly when one party controls both the executive and the legislative branch , and the temptation is to act in lock-step . Republicans did not have enough moments of questioning and reflection between 2002 and 2006 , which many observers agree was not just damaging to the country but to the party as well . While there was strong private , internal disagreement among Republicans over how to conduct the war on terror , over whether the war in Iraq was a wise move and over the basic contours of economic policy , most Republicans stayed silent in public . Even when they gathered in the private corridors of the White House , according to memoirs that have been published by former officials such as Scott McClellan , Republicans tended to remain deferential to President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney . Historically , vigorous internal party debate has had the ability to strengthen a party politically . The fight that took place between Ronald Reagan and Gerald Ford in the 1976 Republican primaries , where Reagan pushed President Ford to be more responsive to the growing conservative movement and avoid making all his decisions from inside the beltway , created a GOP that in the 1980s was a formidable political force . Bill Clinton 's insistence that Democrats needed to rethink some of their conventional wisdom from the New Deal and Great Society periods , with his preference being to move toward the center , opened up a healthy debate about what Democrats should stand for that helped result in Barack Obama 's victory in 2008 . Thus far , Democrats have been more comfortable openly criticizing each other . Princeton economist Paul Krugman has emerged as the leading liberal critic of the administration by arguing that President Obama is not spending enough to stimulate the economy and that his financial bailout plan will only provide Band-Aid solutions that place all the risk on taxpayers . But Democrats will feel less comfortable having internal debates as the elections of 2010 and 2012 get closer , as the pressures of re-election intensify and as Republicans become more aggressive and more coherent in their attacks . To get the conversation started , it would be worth thinking about the four questions that Democrats should keep asking when they get together in the next few years . The first is : What are the issues on which Democrats are willing to compromise with Republicans , if any ? The compromises will not be easy given that Republicans have refused to endorse Democratic proposals in the first few months of Obama 's presidency . However , if the popularity of the GOP continues to erode and Obama 's stays strong , there might be an opportunity for the president to act . Compromises means giving something up , so Democrats will have to talk among themselves about what that might be . The second question is : Where are Democrats willing to renege on campaign promises ? Since November , Democrats have already backed off some very big promises . Though Obama ran as a candidate who promised to change the way that government worked , government reform has quickly dropped off the agenda . Nor has the White House been fully compliant with its promise to end the secrecy practiced by the Bush administration . It is natural that a party wo n't be able to do everything it said in a campaign , but Democrats need to think about which issues they are willing to let go and which they are determined to fulfill . The third question is : What is the foreign policy agenda of the current administration ? This has been the murkiest part of the First 100 Days . When Barack Obama ran for president , it was clear what kind of foreign policy he opposed . His campaign took aim at the unilateralism , militarism and pre-emptive strategy of the Bush administration . Yet it is easier to be against something than for something . Now the burden is on President Obama to define what he will be about in the next four years and what he hopes to pursue . This agenda will be dynamic and unfold as international crises occur . But Democrats need to keep coming back to the questions and keep forcing the president to articulate what his goals are in this arena . The final question is : What are the policy priorities of the Democratic Party ? This is always one of the most difficult questions for any party given that events move politics in unexpected directions . This White House has naturally been consumed by the economic freefall and the effort to stabilize economic conditions . With his budget , Obama has highlighted two priorities from the campaign -- health care and the environment , though some will get traded away in upcoming negotiations . Another issue that the White House may make a priority is immigration reform . Whereas the campaign established a certain framework for thinking about priorities , that framework fades as the election moves farther away . Democrats must keep getting together , asking their own version of the four questions and insisting on internal debates . Although the discussions can become uncomfortable  as most Jews will recall from their Seders  , this is a formula for making the strongest party possible . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Passover Seders involve four questions asked by youngest He says Democrats should be asking themselves four key questions Zelizer : Are they willing to compromise on their objectives to win GOP support ? He asks what priorities will take precedence for the Democrats
CNN  -- Germany coach Joachim Low has ended speculation over his future by signing a two-year contract extension in the wake of a successful World Cup campaign . Low 's assistant coach Hansi Flick , goalkeeping coach Andreas Kopke and national team manager Oliver Bierhoff have also signed on for a further two years . The 50-year-old 's previous four-year deal expired on June 30 . Talks on extending it had initially stalled in February , reportedly over financial details , and Low 's desire for more control over the Under-21 Germany side . But the new deal will now see Low take on the task of helping Germany qualify for the 2012 European Championships in Poland and Ukraine , after his team finished third at the World Cup . "  We are all pleased that we can continue our work with the national team , " he told the German Football Federation 's  DFB  official website . "  Our team has excellent sporting prospects and it is a big challenge for us to be able to get stuck into the preparations for Euro 2012 after the successful World Cup in South Africa . "  In order to be able to achieve our main goals in the near future , we need the continued hard and consistent work from everyone . " The DFB president Theo Zwanziger announced his delight at securing the futures of Low and his backroom staff . "  I 'm happy for German football that we have been able to solve the most important personnel decisions in the national team so quickly and confidentially , " he told the federation 's official website . "  The signature of the Bundestrainers for this young team is immensely important . " Zwanziger was keen to extend Low 's position as coach of Germany after the former Stuttgart manager guided his country to third in South Africa . Low 's young Germany side won rave reviews as they thrashed England and Argentina before losing to eventual winners Spain in the semifinals . The team finished the tournament with a bronze medal after beating Uruguay 3-2 in a third-place playoff . Many players on the Germany team impressed , none more so than forward Thomas Muller , 20 , who won the Golden Boot and the best young player award . Low , who has won 38 out of 55 matches since succeeding Jurgen Klinsmann in 2006 , also guided Germany to the final of the European Championships of 2008 in Austria and Switzerland , where they were defeated 1-0 by Spain . Germany 's first qualifying match for Euro 2012 will be against Belgium in Brussels on September 3 .	Germany coach Joachim Low has signed a two-year contract extension Team manager Oliver Bierhoff has also agreed to stay on for a further two years Low guided Germany to third place at the World Cup in South Africa He will have the task of helping Germany qualify for Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine
The Obama administration on Tuesday lost a Supreme Court fight over property rights that centered on a series of federally controlled and managed floods that caused major timber damage along an Arkansas river . The 8-0 ruling concluded that the periodic release of water from a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers dam project begun two decades ago was a government "  taking . " The legal designation would require the federal government to pay the state for damages . "  Removing temporary flooding from Taking Clause inspection would be out of sync with our recognition that , as a rule , temporary takings may be compensable , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . "  Why should courts differentiate flooding from the myriad other instances of government occupation or invasion of property ? " The dispute is narrow and unique in many ways , but could clarify the standards for determining the scope , length of time , and impact of government actions affecting many property owners -- private and public . At issue for the high court was whether the resulting downstream flooding was effectively "  permanent " and therefore a "  taking , " or was merely "  temporary " and only a "  trespass . " The state of Arkansas owned the flooded land and had earlier won a $ 5.6 million judgment . During oral arguments in October , several on the bench expressed support for the state . "  You knew when you opened up the dam that this is where the water was going to go , " Chief Justice John Roberts said to a federal government lawyer . "  Your position seems to be that if it 's downstream , somehow it 's not the government 's water , " said Justice Anthony Kennedy . "  It 's like the old moral refuge that the rocket designers take : I only make the rockets go up ; where they come down is not my concern . " The Army completed the Clearwater Dam in 1948 , along the Black River in southeastern Missouri , in response to prior natural flooding . About 110 miles downstream , in northeastern Arkansas , is the Dave Donaldson Wildlife Management Area . It is 23,000 acres of state-owned riparian land used for duck and game hunting , wildlife management , and timber harvesting . Federal rules for decades had managed normal release of the water , and provided for both "  planned " and "  unplanned minor deviations . " Beginning in 1993 the Corps launched a series of planned , irregular quick releases of water during the summer growing season in part to give upstream farmers more time to harvest their crops without their fields becoming inundated . Under the unique dynamics of stream flow and hydraulics , the result was higher water levels downstream , and long-term flooding of the state property during the critical growing period . The series of deviations lasted until 2000 . The Constitution 's Fifth Amendment forbids "  private property be taken for public use without just compensation . " Even thought the land in question is state property , all sides have treated the land as "  private " in nature for purposes of settling the "  takings " dispute . Justice Elena Kagan sat out the Arkansas appeal since she had litigated the case in some form during her previous job as the administration 's solicitor general . The case decided Tuesday is Arkansas Game & Fish Commission v. U.S.  11-597  .	Arkansas case centered on a series of federally controlled and managed floods Ruling would require the federal government to pay for damages from flooding The state owned the flooded land and had earlier won a $ 5.6 million judgment
Oklahoma City  CNN  -- Some 300 mourners crowded inside Eagle Heights Baptist Church here Friday to pay their respects to an elementary school student killed when a tornado churned through nearby Moore , Oklahoma . "  It is hard to believe someone 8 years old can fill up a church like this , " said Landon House , a soccer coach A coffin adorned with soccer jerseys and a spray of flowers shaped like a soccer ball held the body of Kyle Davis , a soccer fanatic at Plaza Towers Elementary School , which was razed by the storm Monday . He was a force on the soccer field . His stocky build earned him a nickname : "  The Wall . " Read more about the victims "  Kids just bounced off of him , " Davis ' grandfather Marvin Dixon said Wednesday . "  He just loved being with his Pawpaw and I loved being with him . I 'm just going to miss him . " Kyle was among 24 people -- 10 of them children -- who lost their lives Monday when a massive tornado hit Moore . Seven children died at Plaza Towers Elementary School . His teacher in kindergarten and second grade struggled to maintain her composure . "  Kyle was always a thoughtful child in my classroom , " said Emily Eischen , who likened the "  little blue-eyed , blond-hair boy " to her own son . "  My heart aches . " Davis had attended a different church , but the number of attendees required a larger facility . Two hours before the funeral began , the church parking lot was already full . Dozens of children wore soccer uniforms in support of their fallen teammate . Many of those who spoke during the service cited Kyle 's love of soccer and reputation for doling out hugs to anyone willing to accept them . A soccer ball was passed around for attendees to sign . His family wore jerseys bearing Kyle 's number , 16 , and a local soccer group announced it would retire that number as a gesture of support . "  A coach receives as much from the kids as the kids receive from the coach , " said Josh White , who coached Kyle . "  I saw miracles in action . Thank you for letting me witness the miracle of Kyle . " The Rev. Dewayne Klepper said Kyle 's last words to his mother were , "  I love you , Mama . " A balm after the storm	"  It is hard to believe someone 8 years old can fill up a church like this , " coach says Kyle Davis ' nickname in soccer was "  The Wall " He was one of seven children who died Monday at Plaza Towers Elementary School
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The Kenyan Supreme Court on Saturday upheld Uhuru Kenyatta 's victory in the presidential election , dismissing a challenge by his chief rival and ending a drawn-out case that has riveted the nation . The nation 's highest court declared the election "  free and fair , " ending weeks of uncertainty after the disputed March 4 poll . Kenyatta , the 51-year-old son of Kenya 's founding leader , won the election with 50.07 % of the vote . Raila Odinga , who got 43.31 % , had challenged the outcome in court on the grounds that it was flawed and marred by technical problems . After the court issued its ruling , he said he accepted its judgment and would abide by it . "  The court has now spoken , " Odinga said , "  I wish the president-elect and his team well . " Odinga said his petition focused on valid failures in the election process . "  My decision to file a petition in the Supreme Court to challenge the validity of the election was a testament of my faith in the independence of our judiciary , " he said . "  I did so for the sake of our democracy and for the sake of all Kenyans . " Kenyatta will be sworn in April 9 , making him the nation 's fourth and youngest president . Political dynasty Kenyatta and Odinga are the sons of the nation 's first president and vice president , respectively , bringing back memories of a political dynasty that dates to the 1960s . Their fathers started out as allies in the quest for Kenyan independence from Britain . But the elder politicians ' relationship ended in bad blood when founding President Jomo Kenyatta forced out his vice president , Jaramogi Odinga , following a series of disputes . Some five decades later , it is the sons ' turn in the spotlight . ` Accept the ruling ' Last week , both leaders pledged to accept the court 's decision , assuring citizens that the ruling would end the uncertainty in the nation . A peaceful response will go a long way toward restoring the nation 's image as a bastion of stability in the region after disputed election results led to bloody chaos in 2007 . In that election , more than 1,200 were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced after Odinga disputed the results , which showed incumbent President Mwai Kibaki as the winner . At the time , supporters of both candidates battled on the streets with crude weapons , not in court . The outgoing president urged citizens to honor the court ruling and shun violence . "  As the country awaits the Supreme Court ruling , I call upon all of us to accept the ruling and maintain peace , " Kibaki said Thursday . "  Kenyans should resume their routine economic activities as soon as possible to return normalcy in the country . " Beyond borders The March 4 election was the first general poll since the disputed election . It was conducted under a reformed judicial system and a more inclusive electoral commission . The significance of Kenya 's democratic process extends beyond the country 's borders . Kenya is East Africa 's biggest economy and a crucial trade route into the rest of the continent . It provides an important buffer of stability in a region that includes the fledgling Somali government and the politically tense Sudan and South Sudan . Kenya is also a major U.S. ally in the war against Islamist militants in the region and has remained relatively peaceful amid civil wars in neighboring nations . Complicated relations The upholding of Kenyatta 's victory raises the prospect of complicated diplomatic ties with the West . The International Criminal Court has indicted him for allegedly funding a local militia that conducted reprisal attacks in the last election in 2007 . His running mate , William Ruto , also faces ICC charges at The Hague , in the Netherlands . Both have denied the charges and have said they will cooperate with the court to clear their names . Defiance of the West Analysts say the ICC indictment may have rallied citizens to Kenyatta 's side in defiance of the West . "  Many Africans have lost faith in ICC and view it as targeting African leaders and failing to discharge its justice among non-African leaders , " said Ayo Johnson , director of ViewPoint Africa . "  Kenya sent a loud message to the ICC ... do n't interfere . And it does not matter if you brand our leaders as criminals . " But rights group say the courts are vital to providing justice in cases largely overlooked by governments . Kenyatta has said the indictment will not affect his ability to do his job , and has urged the international community to respect the will of Kenyans . The United States and Britain sent accolades to Kenyatta following the ruling . Before elections , officials from both nations had expressed concerns over ICC charges against the president-elect . British Prime Minister David Cameron wrote to Kenyatta to congratulate him , a Downing Street spokesman said Saturday . Cameron "  urged the Kenyan people to be proud of the strong signal they have sent to the world about their determination to exercise their democratic right peacefully , " the spokesman said . In a statement , the White House also congratulated Kenyatta and urged Kenyans "  to peacefully accept the results " of the election . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon also talked to Kenyatta and Odinga and pledged the United Nations ' support for the country . CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported from Nairobi . Faith Karimi wrote and reported in Atlanta , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva and Lillian Leposo contributed to this report .	Highly-anticipated ruling means Kenyatta will be sworn in April 9 Prime Minister Raila Odinga says he accepts the court decision Kenyan Supreme Court says presidential election was "  free and fair " The ruling ends a drawn-out case that has riveted the nation
CNN  -- On Tuesday , a man identified by authorities as Jimmy Lee Dykes boarded a school bus as it stopped to drop off children and demanded two students . Police say that when the bus driver , Charles Albert Poland , refused , Dykes -- who was arrested last month , accused of shooting at neighbors in a dispute over a speed bump -- shot Poland four times , killing him . As I 'm writing this , he is in a standoff with police , who say he 's holding someone 's 5-year-old boy hostage in his underground doomsday bunker . Also on Tuesday , 15-year-old Hadiya Pendleton was gunned down in Chicago , allegedly by someone who thought she and her friends were members of a rival gang . It was raining , and the teens were standing underneath a shelter in a park . A park that is about a mile north of the home of President Obama 's home . And just a little over a week ago , Pendleton was a participant in Obama 's inauguration festivities as a member of the King College Prep band . That 's just one day in the life of America . ... I wonder what tomorrow will bring . A Pew Research Center poll found that 85 % of Americans back a universal background check to limit the ability of convicted felons and the mentally ill to get a gun -- and yet we wait . On Wednesday , the NFL announced that the Super Bowl pregame show will feature a performance of "  America the Beautiful " by 26 students and faculty members from Sandy Hook Elementary School . The Sandy Hook massacre was supposed to change things , change us . And yet we wait . Even while the NFL announced its gesture , a gunman whom police identified as 70-year-old Arthur Harmon went inside a Phoenix office building and shot three people , one fatally . And yet we continue to wait -- hoping tomorrow does n't bring more senseless shootings , more gunned-down babies , more pleas for change . Pendleton deserves more . The victims of Newtown deserve more . With so much blood flowing through our streets , the issue of gun control should not belong to red states or blue ones . It should be wedded to the idea that we deserve more . But as long as cowardly politicians continue to have their sense of morality held hostage by the National Rifle Association , we will continue to wait , even as more loved ones are violently taken from us . You know , John Adams said there was nothing he dreaded more than "  a division of the republic into two great parties , each arranged under its leadership , and concerting measures in opposition to each other . " And Thomas Jefferson once said he "  never submitted the whole system of my opinions to the creed of any party of men whatever , in religion , in philosophy , in politics or in anything else where I was capable of thinking for myself . " I wonder how many more days will pass , how many more lives will be lost , before the people who claim to love our forefathers so much actually take heed of some of the words they said . And yet we wait . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	LZ Granderson : Tragic shootings take place in Alabama , Chicago , Phoenix One takes the life of a 15-year-old days after she performed in Inauguration He says things were supposed to change after the horror of Newtown Granderson : And yet we wait for things like universal background checks for guns
Editor 's note : President Lyndon B. Johnson secured passage of Medicare , the Voting Rights Act and other milestone legislation . Tom Johnson , who served as one of LBJ 's White House press secretaries , is former chief executive of CNN News Group and former publisher of the Los Angeles Times . He is an associate member of the board of visitors of the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center . Tom Johnson says President Lyndon Johnson would have used every tool to get Congress to pass a health care bill . CNN  -- LBJ would : Have a list of every member of Congress on his desk . He would be on the telephone with members  and their key staffers  constantly : "  Your president really needs your vote on this bill . " He would have a list of every special request every member wanted -- from White House tours to appointments to federal jobs and commissions . He would make a phone call or have a personal visit with every member -- individually or in a group . Charts , graphs , coffee . They would get the "  Johnson Treatment " as nobody else could give it . He would have a willingness to horse-trade with every member . He would keep a list of people who support each member financially . A call to each to tell them to get the vote of that representative . He would have Billy Graham calling Baptists , Cardinal Cushing calling Catholics , Dr. Martin Luther King calling blacks , Henry Gonzales calling Hispanics , Henry Ford and David Rockefeller calling Republicans . He would get Jack Valenti to call the Pope if it would help . He would have speeches written for members for the Congressional Record and hometown newspapers . He would use up White House liquor having nightcaps with the leaders and key members of BOTH parties . Each of them would take home cufflinks , watches , signed photos , and perhaps even a pledge to come raise money for their next election . He would be sending gifts to children and grandchildren of members . He would walk around the South Lawn with reporters telling them why this was important to their own families . He would send every aide in the White House to see every member of the House and Senate . He would send me to see Sen. Richard Russell and Rep. Carl Vinson because I am a Georgian . He would call media executives Kay Graham , Frank Stanton , Robert Kintner , and the heads of every network . He would go to pray at six different churches . He would do newspaper , radio and TV interviews -- especially with Merriman Smith , Hugh Sidey , Sid Davis , Forrest Boyd , Ray Scherer , Helen Thomas , Marianne Means , Walter Cronkite , Phil Potter , Bob Novak . He would threaten , cajole , flirt , flatter , hug -- and get the health care bill passed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Johnson .	Tom Johnson : Lyndon Johnson would use many tools to get action in Congress He would have used staff , intermediaries to pressure legislators He would have gained support by granting lawmakers ' special requests He would have used every device to get the health care bill passed
World-renowned chef , author and Emmy winning television personality Anthony Bourdain visits Peru in the next episode of "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown , " airing Sunday , June 2 , at 9 p.m. ET . Follow the show on Twitter and Facebook .	Eatocracy : Peruvian food , from guinea pigs to pisco sours 10 things to know before visiting Peru Eatocracy : Peruvian food is having a moment
Last week , Jason Collins was n't even on an NBA team . In two weeks , he might not be on one . But for now , Collins -- the first openly gay , active player in the United States ' four big sports leagues -- is , by jersey sales , the NBA 's most popular player . NBA Senior Vice President Vicky Picca said Tuesday that Collins ' No. 98 Brooklyn Nets uniform is the top-seller on NBA.com , besting the likes of LeBron James , Kevin Durant and Blake Griffin . The interest is coming from the fans Collins has earned since announcing last year , when he was still unemployed , that he was gay . "  Jason Collins ' return to the league represents a historic moment , and fans continue to show their support by  buying  Jason 's jersey , " said Picca . Not bad for a player who , just last week , inked a 10-day contract with the Nets . And the Stanford graduate hardly dominated in his lone game back on the court , going scoreless while compiling two rebounds and five personal fouls in a win over the Los Angeles Lakers . In fact , Collins had never been a headline player . A journeyman with stops with New Jersey , Memphis , Minnesota , Atlanta , Boston and Washington , he 's known more for his defensive prowess and rebounding than his offensive output , having averaged 3.6 points per game over his 12-year career . The warm reception he received during and after that game from his teammates , competitors like Kobe Bryant and league officials reflects more on Collins ' reputation as a player and person around the league , as well as his historic announcement . "  I know everyone in the NBA family is excited for him and proud that our league fosters an inclusive and respectful environment , " said NBA Commissioner Adam Silver after Collins ' signing last Sunday . Whether Collins stays around remains to be seen . At age 35 , he 's not bringing fresh legs to Brooklyn . And the team has no obligation to keep him on the roster . Still , whether or not he 's a go-to player , Collins has very much become a symbol for the gay rights movement since disclosing his sexuality in an April column in Sports Illustrated magazine . "  I did n't set out to be the first openly gay athlete playing in a major American team sport . But since I am , I 'm happy to start the conversation , " he wrote . "  I wish I was n't the kid in the classroom raising his hand and saying , ` I 'm different . ' If I had my way , someone else would have already done this . Nobody has , which is why I 'm raising my hand . " There 's no escaping the symbolism in his jersey number : He chose 98 in honor of Matthew Shepard , the gay University of Wyoming student beaten to death in 1998 . The news that the Nets jersey was selling so well  despite the fact that Collins has n't even worn it yet , having at first donned a No. 46 for the Lakers game  struck a chord online . Some on Twitter praised the development , like one who wrote , "  He 's a piece of history , and this is really significant for a lot of people . " Many others , though , were less enthusiastic -- including some who used gay slurs and suggested Collins was profiting because he is gay .  In fact , NBA players do n't get more or less money based on how many of their jerseys are sold .  Some questioned why Collins was being held out as an icon while , in their view , athletes who publicly profess their Christianity are criticized . A few people questioned the jersey sales not because of Collins ' sexuality , but because of what they considered his sub-par play . "  Jason Collins ' jersey was actually a top-seller ? " tweeted one . "  Wow ... I mean I 'm glad he came out and all but #CmonMan . "	NBA veteran Jason Collins announced last April that he was gay After being out of work all season , he recently signed with the Nets His Brooklyn jersey is now the top-seller on the NBA 's website
Washington  CNN  -- A Green Beret charged with attempting to carry explosives onto a commercial airliner in Midland , Texas , was released from jail Friday . Sgt. 1st Class Trey Scott Atwater was let out on a $ 50,000 bond into the custody of his supervisor at Fort Bragg , North Carolina . Two members of the Army picked up Atwater after a Friday court hearing to escort him back to the base . Atwater , 30 , was arrested Saturday after Transportation Security Administration screeners found an undisclosed amount of C-4 in his carry-on bag . According to a news release issued by the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Western District of Texas , prosecutors have "  uncovered no information that would suggest that Sgt. Atwater intended harm to any aircraft , or to the flying public . " However , prosecutors do view the matter as "  very serious . " U.S. Magistrate Judge David Counts set some other conditions for Atwater 's release from jail , including that he will not possess any explosives or firearms , will not drink alcohol , and he must undergo a mental health evaluation . Atwater also had to surrender his Army passport and agree not to get another one . With all the conditions set by the judge , prosecutors said , they do not view Atwater as a flight risk or a danger to the community . A criminal complaint released Tuesday said that Atwater had told the FBI he was a demolitions expert with the Army 's 7th Special Forces Group and had recently returned from his third deployment to Afghanistan . Atwater said it was his practice to carry at least two blocks of C-4 explosives for any operation . He said he brought the bag home with him and used it as a carry-on for children 's items when he traveled to Midland for the holidays . He said he did n't realize there were any explosives inside and was "  surprised that the C-4 was in the bag when it was located " by TSA screeners . The court document also said Atwater had another run-in with airport security while leaving Fayetteville , North Carolina , on Christmas Eve en route to Texas when a military smoke grenade was discovered in his bag . In that instance , the grenade was confiscated ; Atwater was "  admonished " by security officials but allowed to continue on his trip . According to the complaint , Atwater did not bring up the smoke grenade incident while being questioned about the discovery of the explosives in his bag at Midland International Airport on Saturday . When asked about it by the FBI , he said he had "  forgotten to mention it . " No trial date has been set for Atwater on the charge of attempting to board an aircraft with explosives . If convicted , he faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison . Atwater carries the rank of sergeant first class , and his service awards include the Bronze Star and the Army Commendation Medal , according to the Pentagon .	Trey Atwater out on a $ 50,000 bond , in supervisor 's custody at Fort Bragg , North Carolina Judge : He ca n't have guns , ca n't drink , must have mental health test , must give up passport Atwater arrested Saturday after C-4 found in carry-on at Midland International Airport in Texas Court document says smoke grenade also found in his bag in North Carolina on Christmas Eve
Jacksonville , Florida  CNN  -- Florida Gov. Rick Scott and former Gov. Charlie Crist face off for the third and final time Tuesday night in a debate hosted by CNN and Jacksonville affiliate WJXT . The showdown comes just two weeks before Election Day and marks a final point in what 's become the most expensive 2014 midterm race in the country , more than any House or Senate campaign . Scott , an unpopular Republican governor , is trying to fend off a challenge from his predecessor , a Republican-turned-independent-turned-Democrat whose likability numbers are also underwater . While Crist entered the race last November with a sizable polling advantage over Scott , the race has tightened up and the two men now find themselves neck-and-neck toward the finish line . A CNN/ORC International poll last week indicated the race was tied at 44 % . The contest also takes place in the largest presidential swing state , meaning both parties are paying close attention to who will be in the governor 's office come 2016 . And last week the race became the setting for perhaps the most unusual moment in recent political debate history , when the candidates spent the first seven minutes in a stand-off over Crist 's use of a personal fan on stage , a blow-up that 's since become known as "  fangate . " "  It 's the perfect storm . You ca n't script a better race than this , " said Robert Watson , professor of American Studies at Lynn University in Boca Raton . "  Two unpopular candidates . The most expensive race . The backdrop of the 2016 presidential race -- and now fangate . " Despite the political circus , Watson added , the two men have stark differences on policy , and Tuesday night gives them a final opportunity to hash out their disagreements . Here are seven things to watch for in the debate : 1 . Elephant in the room : While Crist appeared to break the rules in last week 's debate by having a fan underneath his podium , Scott might have fared worse in the optics of the scuffle . He maintains he did n't know the debate had started , but by not coming out on stage for seven minutes , Democrats quickly seized on the episode to paint Scott as petty and uninterested in debating the issues . Fans of Charlie Crist can now buy their own fan The moment quickly became fodder for late-night TV , and it sparked renewed interest in a race that had extremely low voter turnout in the primaries . CNN has stated that no fans will be allowed , so it will be interesting to see how Crist handles the lack of circulation Tuesday night and how Scott addresses the mini-drama that put a national spotlight on the race . 2 . Will Scott try to add some personality ? Florida has a history of popular governors -- from Jeb Bush to Lawton Chiles to Bob Graham . But the back-slapping retail politicking of Scott 's predecessors has n't come easy for the current governor , a former health care CEO . "  He comes off as a cold fish ; one that does n't connect well with the average Floridian , " said Kevin Walsh , political science professor at Broward College in the Miami area . "  Contrast that with a very personable , polished and telegenic Charlie Crist . " Opinion : When the Rick hits the fan Experts say Scott needs to use the final debate to leave a lasting impression with voters , one that show he has a sense of humor and is capable of exuding warmth . 3 . Look for the zinger . One easy way Scott could display some humor would be to go after Crist over fangate . Closing debates offer candidates a chance to deliver a line or zinger that can help solidify the storyline for themselves or their opponent in the final stretch of the campaign . "  It 's their last chance to really make that final impression , both of them would love to come away with a zinger that really resonates , " Walsh said . "  I think they 're going to stay pretty close to their talking points , but I think they may want to take a risk at trying to produce a gotcha moment or real memorable moment . " College GOP : ` Say yes ' to Scott 's dress 4 . Expect Scott to link Crist to Obama . Scott 's campaign released a new ad Monday that features Crist praising President Barack Obama . With Obama 's approval rating at dismal levels -- 39 % in Florida -- it 's a strategy employed by many Republicans against their Democratic opponents this fall . Unlike a lot of Democrats , however , Crist has n't entirely sought to distance himself from the President , which gives Scott more room to sharpen his attack . "  The drinking game is going to be how many times Rick Scott mentions Barack Obama , " Watson said . Scott will also attempt to pin Crist as untrustworthy because of the former governor 's party switch . While Crist agrees that same-sex marriage should be legal now , for example , Scott argues it 's hard to know how Crist truly feels about the issue , given that he opposed it in 2008 when he helped get the state 's same-sex marriage ban on the ballot . Expect Scott to pounce on this flip-flopping angle as much as possible . 5 . The three numbers you 'll hear  again and again  . The candidates are almost sure to use three numbers over and over again . One of Scott 's most frequent talking points is an attack against Crist for overseeing the loss of 832,000 jobs while he was governor from 2007 to 2011 . Meanwhile , Scott will be sure to highlight the 640,000 + jobs created under his administration since then . By this point , however , Crist is well versed in how to respond to Scott 's attack on the economy . "  People in Florida know I did n't cause the global economic meltdown any more than Rick Scott caused the national economic recovery , " he said last week in the debate . For his part , Crist will focus on the $ 1.3 billion in education cuts during Scott 's first year as governor . While the cuts were caused by the expiration of stimulus funds and while some of them were restored , education is nonetheless a big issue in Florida and Crist will attempt to hammer home the statistic as much as possible . 6 . Libertarian appeal . According to CNN 's poll last week , Libertarian candidate Adrian Wyllie pulled a significant share of the vote at 9 % , enough to make a huge difference in a tied race . Experts say Wyllie could pull votes away from both candidates but perhaps slightly more votes from Scott , given his shared views with libertarians on small government , taxes and stand your ground laws . And an amendment to legalize medical marijuana is on the ballot this fall , which could boost Democratic turnout and swing some of the libertarian vote toward Crist , who fully endorses the measure . Scott opposes the initiative , but he has already signed into law a bill that approves certain strains of marijuana for patients with epilepsy , muscle spasms and cancer . Opinion : The truth about the midterms Lance deHaven-Smith , a public policy professor at Florida State University , said Scott could try to attract Wyllie supporters by arguing for less government , but he 'll "  have to overcome his association with big business . " Crist , meanwhile , might find more favor with libertarians on social issues . "  I will be watching for comments bemoaning big government , big business , and big labor , " said deHaven-Smith . "  But of course this is not an easy sell for either candidate , because Scott is supported by big business and Crist by big labor . " 7 . Blue Dog Democrats . DeHaven-Smith added that neither candidate has done much to reach out to the rural , white Southern voters in the panhandle and central part of the state . While most are registered as Democrats , Scott appears to think they will vote Republican as they tend to do in statewide races , deHaven-Smith said . "  But Blue Dogs might be up for grabs if Crist stressed his Florida roots . He is a native Floridian . Scott had lived in Florida for only four years before running for governor , " he said . "  Without the Blue Dogs , Crist needs a very large turnout to win . " Surveys say Obama and Democrats hit lowest marks So how would Crist try to make such an appeal Tuesday night ? DeHaven-Smith said to watch for how the Democrat talks about environmental issues . Blue Dogs live in rural areas and like to fish and hunt , so they want to protect the environment for recreation and sporting purposes . "  This means they support public lands acquisition , water quality protection , high water levels in fishes and streams , " he said . "  Blue Dogs and traditional white Southerners have been ridiculed for being preoccupied by ` guns , gays , and God , ' but they are actually more complicated than that . They love Florida 's forests , swamps , rivers , and streams . "	Rick Scott and Charlie Crist take part in a debate Tuesday night hosted by CNN and WJXT . The biggest elephant in the room is Crist 's use of a fan last week that led to Scott protesting the debate . The final debate could come down to whether a candidate makes a zinger that sticks with voters .
CNN  -- A Cuban prisoner who went on hunger strike to protest his arrest for taking part in a demonstration died Thursday , according to other dissidents in the country . Wilmar Villar Mendoza , 31 , died in a hospital in Santiago after his kidneys and other organs failed , said Yoani Sanchez , a prominent Cuban blogger and advocate of press freedom in the country . Sanchez said she had spoken with Villar Mendoza 's widow , Maritza , by telephone . His death comes at an awkward time for President Raul Castro 's government : another prisoner died after going on a hunger strike earlier this month , and Pope Benedict is due to visit Cuba in the coming months . A Cuban court sentenced Villar Mendoza to four years in prison in November , Sanchez said , a sentence he said he felt was unjust . Villar Mendoza started his hunger strike following his sentencing , halting it briefly in December when the authorities said they would listen to his demand for his case to be reconsidered , Sanchez said . Villar Mendoza 's death was confirmed by the wife of another dissident and by the head of an opposition research organization inside Cuba , who could not be identified for security reasons . It happened just weeks after the death of another hunger striker , Rene Cobas , who began his protest because he was not part of the government 's recent mass pardon . Cobas died of a heart attack on January 1 after authorities at the Boniato Prison , near Santiago , disregarded a doctor 's recommendation that he be moved to a provincial hospital , according to Elizardo Sanchez , who heads the island 's independent Commission for Human Rights and National Reconciliation . Cobas had gone on strike immediately after the president announced the latest round of amnesty on December 23 . Cobas called the pardons "  exclusive and limited , " Sanchez said . The decision to release 2,900 prisoners followed "  numerous requests " from their family members and religious institutions , and was a humanitarian gesture , Castro said last month . He cited the upcoming visit of Pope Benedict as one of the motivations behind the move , which he said showed the "  generosity and strength of the revolution . " The pope has said he plans to visit Mexico and Cuba before Easter . Among those were to be freed were prisoners over the age of 60 , along with those who were sick , female or young with no previous criminal record . With some exceptions , prisoners convicted of spying , terrorism , murder and drug trafficking would not be released . In 2010 , Castro agreed to free 52 prisoners who had been arrested during a 2003 crackdown on political dissidents . That pardon was prompted by the death of a jailed dissident , Orlando Zapata Tamayo , following an 80-day hunger strike protesting inmate conditions . CNN 's Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	A prisoner on hunger strike dies of organ failure , other Cuban dissidents say His hunger strike was in protest to his arrest for taking part in a demonstration A court sentenced him to four years in prison in November The death comes as the pope plans to visit Cuba before Easter
CNN  -- European football 's governing body , UEFA has revealed that 32 of its 54 member states have declared an interest in hosting matches at the 2020 European Championships . Traditionally , the tournament is hosted by one or two nations , but matches in 2020 will be shared between 13 cities across Europe . UEFA , who announced a change in format for the tournament 's 60th anniversary last December , welcomed the enthusiastic response from the national football associations . "  We are extremely proud to see the huge interest in the bidding process , with more than half of our member associations willing to host matches at UEFA EURO 2020 , " UEFA President Michel Platini said . "  The finals will be a great celebration of football across the European continent , and the 60th anniversary edition will be truly special , by really coming to the doorstep of all football fans . " Platini initially floated the idea following the 2012 championships hosted by Poland and Ukraine and a decision to change the format was agreed by UEFA 's Executive Committee last December before being confirmed in January . The format , dubbed a "  Euro for Europe , " has attracted interest from reigning Euro champions , Spain and the other traditional powerhouses of European football -- Germany , France , Italy , Netherlands , Portugal , Greece and England . "  UEFA 's ` EURO for Europe ' in 2020 promises to be a fitting way to recognise 60 years of the UEFA European Championship , " said England Football Association secretary Alex Horne in a statement . "  It would be great to see England playing in front of their home fans here in London as part of a EURO Finals tournament but many countries have also put themselves forward as hosts and we expect this to be a very competitive bidding process . " Less illustrious footballing nations including Armenia , Israel , Kazakhstan and Wales have also thrown their hat into the ring . UEFA says all 32 associations can submit a maximum of two bids -- one which covers three group matches and one knockout round and another which will vie to host the semifinal and final . The closing date for bids is April 25 with UEFA 's Executive Committee announcing the host cities on September 25 next year . The full list of countries and their proposed host cities is as follows : Armenia  Yerevan  , Azerbaijan  Baku  , Belarus  Minsk  , Belgium  Brussels  , Bulgaria  Sofia  , Croatia  Zagreb  , Czech Republic  Prague  , Denmark  Copenhagen  , England  London  , Finland  Helsinki  , France  Lyon  , Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia  Skopje  , Germany  Munich  , Greece  Athens  , Hungary  Budapest  , Israel  Jerusalem  , Italy  Rome , Milan  , Kazakhstan  Astana  , Netherlands  Amsterdam  , Poland  Warsaw , Chorzow  , Portugal  Lisbon , Porto  , Republic of Ireland  Dublin  , Romania  Bucharest  , Russia  St Petersburg  , Scotland  Glasgow  , Serbia  Belgrade  , Spain  Madrid , Barcelona , Bilbao , Valencia  , Sweden  Solna  , Switzerland  Basel  , Turkey  Istanbul  , Ukraine  Kyiv , Donetsk  and Wales  Cardiff  .	European football 's governing body reveals list of countries bidding to host 2020 finals The 60th anniversary edition of the finals will be hosted by 13 countries Thirty-two countries are considering bids to host 2020 matches UEFA will announce host cities on September 25
Oprah.com  -- It began with a sign reading "  Be excellent to each other , " which I printed from my computer in Gothic type and taped to my workspace . I was about to launch into a series of temporary jobs to supplement my freelance writing income . My plan was to temp for a few months , save enough money so I could stay home and write for a while , back and forth , my intention being eventually to write full-time . As is often the case with best-laid plans , however , I soon discovered an unexpected goal within my temporary career : the pursuit of excellence as a way of life . The phrase on the sign was borrowed from the silly eighties movie "  Bill & Ted 's Excellent Adventure . " I hoped it would remind me to be helpful , apply myself fully to every task , and be kind to even the most unpleasant individuals . I also secretly wished people would see the slogan and take the words to heart . My fellow temps were skeptical . "  People treat temps like dirt , " they scoffed . "  You 'll be lucky if you can maintain excellence through your first assignment . " They had a point : I was likely to meet challenges . Nevertheless , I rolled up my sleeves and went to work . Oprah.com : How to make yourself more marketable The sign made its debut at a corporation that designed robots  affectionately called "  the girls "  for the food-packaging industry . Dubbing myself Robo Temp , I typed , filed , and amused my coworkers by invariably responding "  I 'll tell your fans " when they announced their departures for lunch . No one seemed to notice the sign until several days into the job , when I set up a videotape for a troubleshooting meeting . The tape showed "  the girls " malfunctioning -- throwing chocolate chip cookies at each other instead of neatly filing them into their respective boxes . "  Hey , " I heard a software engineer exclaim as I left the room . "  They are n't being excellent to each other ! " "  Yeah ! " someone else shouted . "  Be excellent to each other ! " Later someone left a box of the girls ' cookies in the break room , accompanied by a note : "  For the team . Thanks for your excellent help . " Not everyone embraced excellence with such enthusiasm . Some people ignored the sign  and the intention  . Others were short-tempered , despite my best efforts . But , for the most part , my colleagues responded positively to kindness . They grew radiant when I told them their jade earrings made their eyes look beautiful or when I complimented them on a haircut . They took pride in their work when I admired the brilliant organization of a paper they 'd written . They opened up more to others when I inquired about their weekend and actually listened to their responses . When I smiled , they smiled back . Oprah.com : 5 mistakes women bosses make On one occasion , being excellent even helped redirect the career of an unhappy administrative assistant . After overhearing her on the phone with her daughter , I asked if she had majored in child psychology , since she seemed especially gifted at dealing with children . Several weeks later , she came to thank me for my observation and to say goodbye : She was leaving to open her own day-care center . As a longtime Zen student , I had been taught to appreciate small , mundane moments -- moments opportune for practicing excellence in the workplace . For example , seemingly endless sit-at-the-receptionist-desk moments prompted me to be aware of when someone needed a sympathetic ear . Humdrum Xeroxing moments were great for noticing harried coworkers who might appreciate assistance in meeting a deadline . Oh-so-yawnish envelope-stuffing projects were ideal times for spotting bottles to be carried to the recycling bin and spiders that needed to be taken outside in paper cups . Oprah.com : Could flextime work for you ? During mundane moments , I came to understand that excellence was n't about being perfect or about being nice so people would like me . On the contrary , sometimes it meant defending someone against vicious gossip or saying no to a colleague who asked me to lie about his overtime hours . I also realized that there were some people I could n't be excellent to , like the account manager who regularly screamed at his staff . There were other people no amount of excellence could save , like the typist who would rather be treated as a victim than receive any kind of help . Eventually , I would carry my sign to more than 100 jobs in Boston and Boulder , Colorado , at universities , high-tech companies , museums , manufacturers , publishers , environmental research organizations , and even a wildlife rehab center . My tasks included FedExing socks and underwear to a corporate spy whose business trip was unexpectedly extended and feeding warm milk from eyedroppers to newborn squirrels . After a few years of temping , I branched out . First I wrote two books on what Buddhists call right livelihood -- earning a living without doing harm -- hoping that others might benefit from what I had learned . Oprah.com : 10 steps to a more organized workspace Next I offered employment workshops through university extension programs and community centers , where I intended to present practical information but somehow ended up teaching excellence as well . Meanwhile , in my personal life , I attended to my relationships with renewed commitment . I listened more fully and was more readily available to friends and family than I 'd ever been before . I was given the opportunity to test this commitment when my best friend and my father died within the same year and I was called upon to devote full-time hospice care to them both . I was there until their very last breaths -- my most profound experience with excellence yet . I finally met my writing goal and am no longer temping , though we are all temps in one form or another , since nothing really lasts forever . Still , my practice of excellence endures . Now , instead of a sign , I carry excellence within me as a mantra , as a presence . Excellence has the most impact when I first focus on my own peace and happiness , and then send it out into the world . Oprah.com : How to handle an office grudge By Deborahann Smith from O , The Oprah Magazine © 2011 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	"  Being excellent " to each other helps maintain a positive atmosphere in the workplace Author : "  As a longtime Zen student , I had been taught to appreciate small moments " Apply this attitude in your personal relationships as well for a positive difference
The deadly siege of a central Sydney cafe has ended but the investigation is just beginning . Australian authorities stormed the cafe where a self-styled Muslim cleric had been holding hostages early Tuesday , killing the gunman . They moved in some 16 hours after the siege began , after hearing gunfire inside the Lindt Chocolate Cafe , New South Wales police Commissioner Andrew P. Scipione told reporters . Two of the 17 hostages initially held by the gunman died , according to Scipione . They were later identified as Katrina Dawson , 38 , and Tori Johnson , 34 . Other people were injured , including a police officer who suffered a wound to the face from gunshot pellets . All were described by police to be in stable condition . "  Understandably , there is a lot of speculation , but it will take time to clarify exactly what happened ... and why , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters Tuesday . What did the gunman want ? Why did he choose the cafe as his target ? "  There is nothing more Australian than dropping in at the local cafe for a morning coffee , and it 's tragic beyond words that people going about their everyday business should have been caught up in such a horrific incident , " Abbott said . He offered his condolences to people caught in the attack and to their loved ones . "  These events do demonstrate that even a country as free as open as generous and as safe as ours is vulnerable to acts of politically motivated violence , " the Prime Minister said . "  But they also remind us that Australia , and Australians are resilient and we are ready to respond . " Gunman had violent history The gunman was identified as Man Haron Monis by an official with direct knowledge of the situation . According to his social media posts , the hostage-taker appears to have embraced a radical Sunni theology . Abbott told reporters that the gunman was already well-known to authorities , and that he had a "  long history of violent crime , infatuation with extremism and mental instability . " Before the raid , Monis had demanded a flag and phone call with Abbott , CNN affiliate Sky News Australia reported . He made the demands through hostages who contacted media organizations , Sky News reported . Some hostages had also reportedly posted messages to social networking sites and the YouTube online video service . Police urged media early Tuesday not to show the videos . Monis , also known as Sheikh Haron , pleaded guilty in 2013 to writing letters to relatives of Australian service members saying they were "  Hitler 's soldiers , " according to Australian media reports . He was believed to be acting alone , and he did n't appear to be part of a broader plot , additional U.S. law enforcement and intelligence sources said . The scene in Sydney : Grenades and gunfire How the siege unfolded Hundreds of police officers , including snipers , surrounded the cafe in Sydney 's central business district shortly after the gunman took over the building at 10 a.m. Monday  6 p.m. ET Sunday  . Chilling images from Australian media showed people , believed to be hostages , with their hands pressed against the cafe 's windows . They were holding up a black flag with Arabic writing on it reading , "  There is no God but God and Mohammed is the prophet of God . " Five hostages sprinted out of the cafe toward heavily armed police officers several hours into the standoff , sending the gunman into a tirade , according to an Australian reporter . Chris Reason , a correspondent for CNN affiliate Seven Network , said the gunman became "  extremely agitated " when he realized what had happened and "  started screaming orders " at the remaining hostages . Reason said he could see the gunman pacing past the cafe 's windows from his vantage point at the network 's nearby offices . He described the man as unshaven , wearing a white shirt and black cap and carrying a shotgun . As night fell , lights went out in the cafe , Reason reported . After a tense night , police could be seen early Tuesday throwing flash-bang grenades into the cafe in video aired by Seven Network . Gunfire erupted amid the chaos . A national security source in the United States said that a team of Australian special forces troops and police had entered the Lindt Chocolate Cafe from two directions and killed the gunman . Video captured medics working on some people and others being carried away on stretchers . On Tuesday , the hostages who died were identified as Dawson and Johnson . "  Katrina was one of our best and brightest barristers who will be greatly missed by her colleagues and friends at the NSW Bar , " the New South Wales Bar Association said in a statement . "  She was a devoted mother of three children and a valued member of her floor and of our bar community . Our thoughts are with her family at this time . " Johnson 's family also released a statement . It read , in part : "  We are so proud of our beautiful boy Tori , gone from this Earth but forever in our memories as the most amazing life partner , son and brother we could ever wish for . "	The hostages who died are identified as Katrina Dawson and Tori Johnson All of those injured are described by police in stable condition "  It will take time to clarify exactly what happened ... and why , " PM says The gunman 's social media postings reflect a radical Sunni extremist theology
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea conducted its largest-ever nationwide civil defense drill Wednesday afternoon to prepare the public for a potential military attack from North Korea after Pyongyang shelled a South Korean island less than a month ago . "  After the bombing , we believed it was important for the public to know where to take shelter since the South is within five-minute-distance from a North Korean air raid , " Kim Kwang-hee , the director of civil defense said . The drill involved 12 fighter jets which flew over the airs of Seoul and the country to mock an enemy air drill . More than 250,000 public workers helped civilians take shelter in underground facilities and subway stations , according to the National Emergency Management Agency  NEMA  . Traffic was stopped all across the country , and students were escorted out of school buildings into underground locations . Office workers were asked to move into basement parking lots for cover . Civil defense drills take place on a regular basis and in the past have been ignored by many . However , the threat of war is felt at a greater degree after North Korea shelled the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong in November which resulted in the death of four people . "  We actually do n't participate very well , because nothing happened between North Korea and South Korea . But recently it has happened , so it 's very serious for us to think about these kinds of events , " said Chung Woo-sub , a university student . South Korea plans on boosting its underground shelter facilities along the border regions and in the island areas in the Yellow Sea where the island attack occurred , according to NEMA . Also the Defense Ministry announced Wednesday that it has nominated Gen. Kim Sang-ki , commander of the Third Army , for the newly vacated post of South Korea 's Army chief , Yonhap news agency reported . Gen. Hwang Eui-don , the former chief of the Army , resigned this week after being accused of using insider information to make money off of a property investment , Yonhap reported	The drill starts Wednesday afternoon The drill comes as tensions have ratcheted up on the Korean peninsula South Korea also appointed a new Army chief
CNN  -- A Malaysian model , who is set to become the first woman in the Southeast Asian country to be caned for drinking alcohol in public , wants her punishment carried out in public . Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarno says that if a caning is meant to teach a lesson , then it should be in public . Kartika Sari Dewi Shukarno said Thursday that if the intent of the Islamic , or Shariah , court that sentenced her was to set an example for other Muslims , then the flogging should take place in the open . "  Let 's be transparent about it , " she said . "  We want to challenge them , " added Kartika 's father , Shukarno Abdul Muttalib . "  The law is a little bit wrong . They say they are gentlemen who want to uphold values . Then the public should judge how gentlemanly it is . " An Islamic court in the eastern state of Pahang fined Kartika $ 1,400  5,000 Malaysian ringgit  and sentenced her to six strokes with a rattan cane for drinking beer at a hotel bar two years ago . Kartika , a 32-year-old part-time model , was visiting Malaysia from Singapore , where she lives with her husband and two children . She pleaded guilty and has paid the fine . Malaysia , which considers itself a moderate Muslim country , forbids alcohol consumption by Muslims -- even those who are visiting . The country has a dual-track justice system , in which Islamic courts operate alongside civil ones . The law forbidding alcohol applies only to Muslims , who make up about 60 percent of the population . The country 's Buddhist , Christian or Hindu population can drink freely . Kartika 's case has caused an uproar , with many citing it as another example of growing fundamentalism in the multiracial country . In northern Malaysia 's Kelantan state , authorities have forbidden Muslim women from wearing bright lipstick and noisy , high-heeled shoes , saying the ban will safeguard the morals and dignity of the women , as well as thwart rape . "  We want to present a face to the world that we are not a fundamentalist country , " Ashli Chin , said a resident in Kuala Lumpur . "  This makes us a laughingstock . " Mohamad Isa Abd Ralip , president of the Syariah -LSB- Shariah -RSB- Lawyers ' Association of Malaysia , said too much is being made of Kartika 's punishment . "  It is not about causing pain . It is about educating others and to teach the person a lesson , " he said . The recipient is fully clothed and the flogger can not raise his arm high , Mohamad Isa said . The blows are delivered using a thin stick , so that they do n't break the skin . Malaysia 's civil court does not call for caning for alcohol consumption . It also can not overrule a Shariah court sentence . The civil courts do , however , hand out flogging sentences for serious offenses such as rape . Neighboring Singapore also metes out caning as punishment . One of the most notable cases was that of American teenager Michael Fay , who received four strokes for vandalism in 1994 . Kartika 's punishment is unique because she has opted to go through with it , which would make her the first woman to be caned for drinking alcohol in public , Mohamad Isa said . Two other Malaysians sentenced to the same fate have filed appeals . Kartika will be taken from her father 's house Monday . The caning will be carried out within seven days after that . "  I 'm not really afraid . I feel relief , " she said . "  I want to move on . This case has been hanging over me for a long time . "	Woman set to be first woman to be caned in Malaysia for drinking in public Malaysian parttime model and mother wants caning to be in public Kartika Shukarno 's father says : "  We want to challenge them " Islamic law dictates caning Muslims seen drinking alcohol ; case causing uproar
CNN  -- The cause of a South Carolina wildfire that has charred about 19,600 acres appears to be a yard debris fire , the head of the state 's Forestry Commission said Friday . Derek Boos sifts through the wreckage of his in-laws ' house Friday after a fire in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina . The blaze seems to have been caused by a yard debris fire in the Woodlawn subdivision , an unincorporated part of Horry County , halfway between Conway and North Myrtle Beach , South Carolina Forestry Commission Forest Protection Chief Darryl Jones said . The fire began Saturday and rekindled itself Wednesday evening , according to the Forestry Commission . Officials said about 70 homes had been destroyed in the county , which contains a stretch of popular tourist spots , including Myrtle Beach . About 100 other homes were damaged , Horry County officials said . The blaze left only charred rubble and the smoldering , skeletal remains of some houses , even as adjacent homes went untouched . The fire swallowed up pines and dry brush , sending a smoky gray smudge into the sky that could be seen for hours from miles away Thursday . "  It 's better now , but the smoke was pretty much everywhere , " said Chavdar Pavlov , a CNN iReport contributor who lives 20 miles from where the fires raged . "  At nighttime , it was like snow in the air , but it was n't snow ; it was ashes . " The Horry County Council 's Brent Schultz said , "  The only way to describe this is tragic . " At a Friday morning news conference , frustrated residents who had evacuated demanded to know when they could return home , yelling at Bob Grabowski of the Horry County Council . "  I just want to go home , " one man cried out , prompting Grabowski to pause . "  Come on , " others said . "  That will be addressed , " he said . "  We 'll get with you on that . " About 2,500 people were evacuated Thursday , authorities said , and more than 400 people were in shelters . No fatalities or injuries have been reported from the blaze . Horry County said the fire was about 40 percent contained by early Friday . Watch as residents face uncertainty about their houses " "  It 's on everybody 's mind and in everyone 's conversation , " said the Rev. Marion Brazell , whose Conway church was serving as a shelter . "  It 's pretty flat area , so you can see the smoke from a distance . " Brazell had not yet arrived at the church Friday , but he said he believed only Red Cross and other emergency workers were staying there . The evacuations occurred north of Conway , he said . He added good-naturedly , "  Shelters are often the last place people will go . They 'll go to hotels and motels " that may offer rooms for free . "  I 'd rather go to a motel than sleep in my church . ... It 's much more comfortable than sleeping in a cot , " he said . The fire has mostly kept its distance from tourist areas , and as the South Carolina officials provided updates and warnings to residents , they urged visitors to stay . "  For tourists coming here for vacation , we should have no problems taking care of our guests and visitors that are going to come to Myrtle Beach and North Myrtle Beach , " Grabowski said . And North Myrtle Beach Mayor Marilyn Hatley , answering a question about tourism , said Thursday : "  People who have reservations can certainly come onto the Grand Strand area and enjoy themselves . It is not affecting the majority of golf courses ; there should be no reason that anyone is canceling their vacation . " Hatley said she could not say if any golf courses had been damaged . "  The golf course property itself was not our first priority , " she said . CNN 's Mike Phelan , Lisa France and Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	NEW : Yard debris fire may be cause of blaze in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , area Fire about 40 percent contained early Friday in Horry County "  I just want to go home , " one resident yells ; nearly 2,500 evacuated Fire has consumed about 20,000 acres , destroyed about 70 homes
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- United States became the second country to offer emergency assistance to more than a million affected by flooding in Sri Lanka . U.S. ambassador to the country , Patricia A. Butenis , said in a statement that Washington was donating U.S. $ 300,000 to provide various goods and services to areas hardest-hit by the floods . She said the funds have provided boats to local government in the eastern district of Batticaloa . "  We are helping the government to identify families in need and make an accurate assessment of the situation , " she said . On Friday , an Indian air force aircraft brought in 34 tons of relief supplies . They included food , medical supplies , clothing and sleeping gear . Another shipment will arrive on Monday , an Indian high commission official said . The Sri Lanka government has about $ 1.3 million of assistance funds so far for the flood victims . Though the rains have diminished or receded in most areas , disaster center officials in Colombo warned that the dangers were not yet over . The Sri Lanka branch of the United Nations Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  said that floods and receding waters may unearth mines and explosive remnants of war  ERW  " and carry explosives from contaminated areas into areas thought to be safe . " Mine officials and local authorities have urged vigilance from residents and people working in affected areas . The army has also sent out instructions to their installations in affected areas to warn the public , Maj. Gen. Udaya Madawala said . The mines are remnants of a war between Sri Lankan security forces and the Tamil Tiger rebels . Sri Lankan troops defeated the rebels in May 2009 . The OCHA report said that the worst affected districts were Ampara , Batticaloa and Trincomalee in the eastern province . Initial estimates indicate that more than 250,000 acres of crop land and 200,000 acres of paddy have been severely damaged . OCHA warned that prices of rice and other commodities may increase as one of the most productive paddy areas of the country have been affected . The number of camps for displaced people has gone up to 600 camp , according to disaster officials .	U.S. one of two countries helping those affected by floods in Sri Lanka It will donate U.S. $ 300,000 to provide various goods and services The funds will go to areas hardest-hit by the floods
CNN Student News  -- April 16 , 2014 A city pays tribute to the men and women who embody the phrase "  Boston Strong " on the first anniversary of the Boston Marathon terrorist bombings . Dr. Sanjay Gupta shows us how scientists testing for Ebola have to protect themselves against the deadly virus . And a week-long event celebrates the value and contributions of America 's libraries . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might news coverage of the anniversary of a tragedy impact viewers ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . vaccine 2 . FAFSA 3 . National Library Week Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What city 's marathon was struck by terrorist bombings one year ago ? How did some there observe the one-year anniversary of this tragedy ? 2 . What are some precautions that scientists take when handling blood samples that could contain the Ebola virus ? Why do they have to go to these lengths to protect themselves ? Where would the samples have to be tested a few years ago ? What were some of the problems associated with transporting the samples so far away ? 3 . What is a FAFSA ? What institutions use this information , and for what purpose ? 4 . What is an AUV ? How is the AUV "  Bluefin-21 " helping investigators who are searching for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? How are oceanographers benefitting from this search ? Why have n't they been able to do this kind of research on their own ? According to the video : What is one potential obstacle to those looking for the plane ? How does this obstacle present an opportunity for scientists ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your opinion , what are some ways to honor the memory of victims of a terrorist attack ? 2 . What kinds of information do you think that oceanographers may be able to learn as a result of the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? If you were a scientist , what questions would you like to see answered ? How might scientists use the search to make a case for greater ocean exploration ? 3 . In the video , we hear that a recent survey indicated that 94 percent of respondents said that having a library in their community improves their lives , yet just over half of those polled said people do n't need libraries as much as they used to . Is there a public library in your community ? If so , how often do you go there ? Do you think having a public library improves your community 's quality of life ? State your rationale . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  It 's been more than 13 years since 2,753 people were reported missing in lower Manhattan after the attacks on the World Trade Center . Although death certificates have been issued for all 2,753 , the work to identify each victim continues . In fact , it 's far from over : Some 40 % of the victims have not yet been identified , according to the city 's Office of Chief Medical Examiner . The most recent identified victim is Matthew Yarnell , a 26-year-old New Jersey native who worked for Fiduciary Trust on the 97th floor of the South Tower . Yarnell 's mother said Friday that the news "  was a bit of a shock , " but that it means that she can "  finally put everything to rest . " "  It kind of opened up all of the old wounds and old pains initially , " Michele Yarnell told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . "  I guess it kind of put to rest any -- I would n't say doubt --  because  we were n't doubtful about the outcome , but it kind of gave us closure . " According to the medical examiner , Yarnell 's DNA samples were recovered during the original recovery effort from 2001 to 2002 . Until this week , they resided with other remains that have not been identified . A recent retesting , however , yielded a new result . "  Every time there 's a new development in a DNA processing or technique , they go back and they recheck every single remain that they have in the repository at the museum , " she told Baldwin . "  And this time  Matthew 's  matched . " The identification of Yarnell puts the total number of identifications from the World Trade Center at 1,640 , meaning there are still 1,113 more to go . Daunting , but not insurmountable . "  The ME 's office is not going to give up , " Michelle Yarnell said . "  I hope for everyone that lost a loved one there , that they 'll have that closure someday , and , hopefully , sooner rather than later . "	DNA identifies remains of 9/11 victim more than 13 years later Matthew Yarnell , 26 , is the 1,640 victim ID 'd from the World Trade Center 2,753 died in the attack on the buildings
Los Angeles  CNN  -- As mobile games migrate to powerful smartphones and tablets that are becoming direct competition to portable gaming devices such as Nintendo 3DS and PS Vita , the E3 convention has become a prime stage for game publishers to showcase new titles . Mobile games are becoming a bigger part of many game makers ' plans as gamers will soon be able to access game franchises through multiple screens . According to the new study "  The Evolution of Video Gaming and Content Consumption " from PricewaterhouseCoopers , gamers -- like the general consumer population -- are becoming multitaskers . Respondents who play mostly on consoles reported spending time on mobile phones as the activity that most frequently occupies their time while gaming . Sneak Peek : The evolving universe of "  Halo 4 " The rise of mobile experiences such as Rovio Entertainment 's "  Angry Birds Space " and Disney 's "  Where 's My Water " has introduced a whole new audience to gaming . Here are five games worth checking out when they hit mobile devices later this year : ` Reign of Amira , ' Snapdragon , 2012 The mobile technology company has developed this third-person perspective fantasy action game to showcase its Snapdragon S4 Pro processor . The game puts players in control of the sexy boots of Princess Amira , who 's out to hack and slash her way through enemies to retain the lost glory of the Desert Kingdom . The Android game , which plays like a console arcade experience , will be available for free later this year . ` The Amazing Spider-Man , ' Gameloft , summer 2012 Gamers will be able to swing into action this summer as Spider-Man in the first open world mobile game . Although it 's licensed from the Sony Pictures 3-D movie , the developer has crafted a solid follow-up to "  Ultimate Spider-Man : Total Mayhem , " which is also worth checking out . Fans of the PlayStation 2 "  Spider-Man 2 " game will see how far mobile has come as they seamlessly maneuver Spidey through the city , battling super villains and thugs along the way . ` Infinity Blade : Dungeons , ' Epic Games , 2012 The latest installment in the iOS "  Infinity Blade " franchise , which has already raked in more than $ 30 million , is actually a completely original undertaking . From the development team behind "  Gears of War , " "  Dungeons " is a combination dungeon crawl and fantasy action game . With an overhead perspective that will be familiar to "  Diablo III " fans , players seek revenge on the deathless by learning how to build an Infinity Blade . Along the way there are dozens of different types of enemies to kill with simple touch controls and a very deep customization offering . ` Dead Trigger , ' Madfinger Games , summer 2012 The developer behind the "  Samurai " and "  Shadowgun " franchises turns its attention to horror with a first-person shooter perspective . After a virus has turned the world into zombies , the only way to survive is with bullets . With a pedigree of fun action arcade experiences , Madfinger Games continues to blur the line between mobile and console experiences . From its spectacular environments to its frenetic action pace , gamers will be coming back for more undead fun while on the go . ` Demons ' Score THD , ' Square Enix/iNiS Developer iNiS continues to explore new mobile ground with truly unique interactive experiences such as the strategy game "  Eden to GREEEEN . " Its latest offering , "  Demons ' Score , " is a rhythm action shooter . Players will take control of Serenity , a college girl who can be possessed by various demons . With the ability to fly through levels , players will shoot at various creatures to the tune of original music . It 's an interesting blend of genres that serves up short bursts of addictive fun .	E3 is becoming a prime stage for game publishers to showcase new mobile titles Here are five games worth checking out when they hit mobile devices later this year
CNN  -- Watching the Olympics , which kick off in earnest Friday with the opening ceremony in London , is more fun when you know the stories behind the Games . No doubt , sports broadcasters will hammer on plenty of rags-to-riches , against-the-odds backstories about the Olympic athletes .  You can also find plenty of them on CNN 's London 2012 page  . And that 's all good . But knowing the technological underpinnings of the Games is perhaps just as intriguing . Here 's a quick look at 10 of the most interesting tech stories to watch at the London Olympics : Robotic cameras : Getty Images will install robotic cameras at a few locations at the Olympic Games . They can be controlled remotely and swivel 360 degrees . "  The biggest help will come from cameras stashed in floodlights , rafters and scaffolding in and around Olympic venues to provide imagery from places inaccessible to human photographers due to space or security reasons , " NBC News wrote . In a YouTube video about new photo tech , Getty says it will shoot some of the Olympics in 3-D . Souped-up sound : If you like to believe in the Tooth Fairy , do n't read the next sentence : Much of the sound you hear on TV during the Olympics is n't real -- well , at least in the sense that some of it was n't recorded during the event being shown . Some of the audio is recorded in advance , in optimized conditions , and then superimposed on the TV broadcast , writes The Atlantic . The site gives the example of archery , which an Olympics audio engineer says is based on the sound he heard watching "  Robin Hood . " He captured it by putting a special mic on the ground between the archer and target , which , as Alexis Madrigal points out , creates a sound no person could actually experience at the event . Two-part track : Look , Ma , no spikes ! A new surface on the Olympic track in London means runners wo n't have to wear spiked shoes . "  Unlike other track designs that combine traction and shock-absorption in an upper layer of rubber granules , the Mondo track separates these functions , with a cushion backing for shock absorption and a solid upper layer that optimizes slip resistance , traction and durability , " the BBC writes . "  This design cuts the need for the spikes on athletes ' running shoes to penetrate the running surface . " Prosthetics : Called "  Blade Runner " and "  the fastest man with no legs , " South African Oscar Pistorius will be the first person to compete in the able-bodied Olympics using prosthetic legs . After some controversy about whether prosthetics should be allowed in the Olympics , Pistorius will run the 400 meters and the 4x400 meter relay on specially made carbon-fiber prosthetics . Data-head athletes : Some people are calling this the "  Twitter Olympics . " Others say it 's the "  Data Olympics . " Many athletes are using sleep-tracking devices and motion-capture systems to understand , with a new level of precision , how their bodies work . According to the Financial Times , some biometric device companies are trading athletes their participation for data that they can use to improve their body-tracking gadgets . Virtual cycling : Australian cyclists have been training on London 's cycling course even thought it 's thousands of miles away by using virtual reality . As the Australian Broadcast Corporation notes in a video package about the technology , the cyclists watch a screen that looks like a video game but actually is a "  mile for mile , hill for hill recreation of the London Olympic road cycling course . " NASA treadmill : American runner Shannon Rowbury , meanwhile , has been training for London with a treadmill that simulates weightlessness . The AlterG treadmill uses anti-gravity technology developed by NASA to give runners the feeling that they are only 20 % of their actual weight , the company says . In an interview posted on the company 's website , Rowbury said the treadmill helped her start running much more quickly after a stress fracture . Low-tech suits : We tend to think of the Olympics becoming higher-tech over time , but new technologies of course bring controversy and questions about how much help athletes should receive from space-age materials and equipment . High-tech Speedo swimsuits , called LZR Racer , are credited with helping swimmers shatter world records in 2008 . But they will be banned at the London Olympics , leading to questions about how fast swimmers will go without this technological aid . At a news conference , Michael Phelps , who won eight gold medals in Beijing , said that records will fall in London even without the tech . "  If somebody wants a record , it 's going to be broken . " Electronic blocks : Omega , the official timekeeper of the games , is debuting new starting equipment for swimming and track-and-field events in London . The track starting blocks will be fully electronic for the first time . Previously , 1970s technology required athletes to push back the blocks 5 millimeters to register a start , according to Wired . The swimming starting blocks now will light up to indicate who placed first , second and third . Jump-kick sensors : Taekwondo has been at risk for being eliminated from the Olympics , but technology that registers the strength and accuracy of kicks may save the sport . "  I think taekwondo will really benefit from the technology because it will ensure the medals go to the best athletes , not to someone else because of a mistake from a referee or a judge , " World Taekwondo Federation President Choue Chung-won told Reuters . "  This is a wonderful opportunity for us to remain in the Olympics . Not many sports have this kind of technology . ... It will help eliminate human error in taekwondo . "	Technology is a controversial and exciting aspect of the Olympics High-tech swimsuits were banned from the London games Some athletes use data tracking devices to optimize performance Australian cyclists train for London on a virtual reality course
"  All right , good night . " Those are the last words heard from the cockpit of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Who said them ? Was it the captain or his first mate ? Or someone else in the cockpit with them ? Officials in Washington suspect it was either of the pilots -- and that one or both was involved in MH370 's disappearance on March 8 . And according to the Malaysian Prime Minister 's account of events , by the time those words were spoken , someone had likely already taken steps to alter the flight 's path -- intentionally . Malaysian investigators are not ruling out a hijacking by other actors . But they have searched the homes of the pilot and co-pilot . Information from international and Malaysian officials indicate that the Boeing 777-200ER passenger jet may have flown for hours after that last voice contact with the pilots . The duty of all pilots is to aviate , navigate and communicate , in that order , an aviation expert has told CNN . Someone may have kept aviating , but either they could n't -- or would n't -- communicate . This is what we know about the 53-year-old pilot captain and his 27-year-old first mate . Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah Police had been outside his Malaysia home every day since the plane vanished , a source told CNN . But had not gone inside until recently . When they did , they probably found a flight simulator there . In a YouTube video he apparently posted , Zaharie can be seen sitting in front of one . And in a German online forum for simulator enthusiasts , X-Sim . de , there is a post from November 2012 in his name that says he built it himself . "  About a month ago I finish assembly of FSX and FS9 with 6 monitors . " The message was signed Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah BOEING 777 MALAYSIA AIRLINES . FSX and FS9 are over-the-counter flight simulator games made by Microsoft . On Friday , the CEO of Malaysia Airlines said that everyone is allowed to pursue their hobbies . Zaharie , a pilot with 18,365 flight hours under his belt , is reportedly also a flight instructor . On the same YouTube channel , Zaharie gives workman 's tips on tinkering with a refrigerator and an air conditioner . CNN can not verify the authenticity of the social media posts . 1st Officer Fariq Ab Hamid CNN 's aviation correspondent Richard Quest once visited MH370 's 1st Officer Fariq Ab Hamid in a Malaysia Airlines cockpit , when he was training . Quest watched him land the plane under supervision of a senior pilot in February . The captain described Fariq 's landing as textbook perfect . Fariq joined Malaysia Airlines in 2007 . He has 2,763 flying hours behind him and was transitioning to the Boeing 777-200 after finishing training in a flight simulator . As with Zaharie , not much is known to the public about Fariq . But Quest was not the only guest who had joined him in the cockpit . Passenger Jonti Roos got an invitation to check out the cockpit during a flight from Thailand to Malaysia -- one that Fariq was flying with another pilot . She took photos and said Farid and his colleague smoked in the cockpit . After MH 370 's disappearance , she reported her experience to journalists . Malaysia Airlines was aghast . "  We are shocked by these allegations , " the airline said . Such a practice would be illegal on U.S. carriers after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , but not necessarily so on international ones , Quest said . Exploring the possibilities Does Roos ' story open up the possibility that a third or fourth person could have joined Zaharie and Fariq in the cockpit ? Like the exact whereabouts of Flight 370 , that 's yet unknown . But investigators believe that somebody must have done something . Not long after the flight took off from Kuala Lumpur communications systems were disabled , the plane 's transponder was turned off , Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said Saturday . That last device is situated between the pilots and can be shut off with a twist of the wrist . For a pilot to turn it off would seem reckless because the information it transmits gives the plane vital protection . It helps people on the ground locate the plane . Someone would have to know how to do it and also know the plane would lose that protection . Then someone in the cockpit said good night . And the apparent lack of visibility on radar ? "  Airline pilots are not trained for radar avoidance , " said aviation expert Keith Wolzinger , a former 777 pilot . They like to stay on the radar , because -- again -- it protects their plane . Only military pilots , he said , are usually keen on avoiding radar . The father of a passenger on the missing plane is hoping for an outcome that would sound shocking under normal circumstances . "  I hope the plane was hijacked , because then , at least , there is hope , " Li from Hebei Province said . He did not give his full name . Li is waiting at a Beijing hotel with dozens of other passengers ' family members awaiting word on the fate of their loved ones . "  But if the worst happened then I will have no meaning in my life . This is my only son , " Li said . As he walked away , he bent his head and cried . MAPS : What happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ?	By the time of last voice contact , something was likely already awry U.S. officials indicated the jet may have flown for hours after last contact with the pilots Pilot 's duties : Aviate , navigate , communicate ; communication cut off Was a third person with them in the cockpit ? One pilot has let visitors in before
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Former gridiron great O.J. Simpson will serve at least nine years in prison for his role in an armed confrontation with sports memorabilia dealers in a Las Vegas hotel in 2007 . O.J. Simpson told the judge Friday that he was sorry for what he did but did n't think it was wrong . Simpson was sentenced to a maximum of 33 years with the possibility of parole after nine . Before the sentence , he offered a rambling , emotional apology in which he told District Judge Jackie Glass , his voice shaking , that he was sorry for his actions but believed he did nothing wrong . Glass , however , brushed his apology aside , saying his actions amounted to "  much more than stupidity , " and calling him both arrogant and ignorant . "  Earlier in this case , at a bail hearing , I said to Mr. Simpson , I did n't know if he was arrogant , ignorant or both , " Glass said . "  During the trial and through this proceeding , I got the answer , and it was both . " She stressed that the sentence was not "  payback for anything else , " apparently referring to Simpson 's acquittal 13 years ago in the slayings of his former wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend Ron Goldman . Watch the judge say the sentence is n't about the past " Grimacing , Simpson was escorted from the courtroom in shackles . Defense attorneys said Glass ' sentence was appropriate . "  It could have been a lot worse , " Yale Galanter said , noting that Simpson and co-defendant Clarence "  C.J. " Stewart both could have been sentenced to life in prison . A jury convicted Simpson , 61 , and Stewart , 54 , on 12 charges including conspiracy to commit a crime , robbery , assault and kidnapping with a deadly weapon stemming from a September 13 , 2007 , incident at Las Vegas ' Palace Station hotel and casino . Prosecutors alleged that Simpson led a group of men who used threats , guns and force to take sports memorabilia from dealers Bruce Fromong and Al Beardsley . Simpson claimed that he was attempting to recover items that belonged to him . All the men except Stewart made deals with prosecutors in exchange for their testimony . "  We 're happy that this case is coming to an end , " Clark County district attorney David Roger said . "  We 're satisfied that we presented a good case to a jury , that the jury listened to all the evidence , particularly the audiotapes , and came to the resolution that we asked them to come to . " He said he thought the sentence was fair . Simpson 's conviction came October 3 , the 13th anniversary of his controversial acquittal in the killings of Nicole Brown Simpson and Goldman . Follow a timeline of Simpson 's legal woes " Glass said , "  I 'm not here to sentence Mr. Simpson for what 's happened in his life previously in the criminal justice system . ... The jury decided . There are many people who disagree with that verdict , but that does n't matter to me . " Goldman 's father and sister were in the courtroom for Friday 's sentencing . "  The back of his head looks the same as it did every day that we watched him in the criminal case , and we feel very proud of our efforts , " Kim Goldman said . "  We feel very strongly that because of our pursuit of him for all these years , that it did drive him to the brink of this . " Although Simpson was acquitted in the deaths , a civil jury later found him liable , slapping him with a $ 33 million judgment . Attorneys for the Goldman family have doggedly pursued Simpson 's financial assets to pay the judgment . In sentencing Simpson on Friday , Glass noted that he can be heard on tapes of the incident referring to the Goldmans as "  gold-diggers " and saying he does n't want them to get his property . See how his sentence breaks down " "  If that pushed him over the edge , great , " Fred Goldman said afterward . "  Put him where he belongs . " Watch Fred and Kim Goldman react " Galanter said he thought the Goldmans ' presence was "  inappropriate . " "  I do n't think they should have been here , " he said . "  It reminded us all how the criminal justice system can run afoul , because the only thing Simpson should have been judged on is what happened here in Nevada . " Denise Brown , the sister of Nicole Brown Simpson , issued a statement on the sentence saying , "  It is very sad to think that an individual who had it all , an amazing career , beautiful wife and two precious children , has ended up like this . "  Allowing wealth , power and control to consume himself , he made a horrific choice on June 12 , 1994 , which has spiraled into where he is today . " Brown said she was saddened that the couple 's two children "  once again face the tragedy of yet another parent absent in their lives . " In the statement , she asks for prayers for the children , Sydney and Justin , and the Brown family . Before being sentenced , Simpson told Glass he was "  sorry , somewhat confused , apologetic . " He said the items he was trying to recover were his late ex-wife 's wedding ring for his daughter and family photos for his son . Watch Simpson 's apology " "  I just wanted my personal things . I was stupid . I 'm sorry , " Simpson said . "  I did n't know I was doing anything illegal . I thought I was confronting friends . I thought I was retrieving my things . I did n't mean to hurt anybody , and I did n't mean to steal anything . " But Glass rejected those statements in imposing the sentence . "  When you take a gun with you and you take men with you ... in a show of force , that 's not just a ` Hey , give me my stuff back , ' " Glass said . "  That 's something else . And that 's what went on here , and that 's why we 're all here . "  I have to tell you , it was much more than stupidity . ... You went to the room , you took guns -- meaning you and the group -- you used force , you took property , whether it was yours or somebody else 's , and in this state , that amounts to robbery with the use of a deadly weapon . " The judge said Simpson 's contrite words in court were not as powerful as his angry words , as caught on tape , during the confrontation . "  Everything in this case was on tape , " Glass said . "  The evidence in this case was overwhelming . " Simpson 's attorneys asked that he be sentenced to no more than six years . A presentencing report recommended an 18-year term . Stewart received a sentence similar to Simpson 's but will be eligible for parole in 7 1/2 years . "  I am as happy as someone could be when they know their client is going to reside for at least seven years in a cage , " said Stewart 's attorney , Brent Bryson . Defense attorneys for both Simpson and Stewart have said they will appeal . On Friday , Glass denied motions asking that both defendants be allowed out on bail while the appeal is pending . CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	O.J. Simpson was convicted of robbery , kidnapping , assault in October Judge Jackie Glass said evidence in case was overwhelming Charges stem from 2007 confrontation in Las Vegas hotel room Defense attorneys say they will appeal judge 's sentence
CNN  -- Self-help guru James Ray has been convicted of negligent homicide in the deaths of three participants in an Arizona sweat lodge ceremony , but he was found not guilty of manslaughter charges . The case will continue June 28 , when the jury will convene to make a decision regarding aggravating circumstances in the case . Prosecutors claimed that Ray 's recklessness in operating the sweat lodge caused the deaths of Kirby Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York ; James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee ; and Lizbeth Marie Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota . Sweat lodge ends a free spirit 's quest They died after participating in a the ceremony organized and led by Ray in 2009 . At least 15 others who took part in the sweat lodge ceremony became ill . More than 40 others were uninjured . Prosecutors argued that the lodge , made of willow trees and branches and covered with tarpaulins and blankets , was heated to a perilously high temperature , causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heatstroke . They also said Ray did n't monitor the temperature inside the lodge or the well-being of participants and was indifferent to those clearly having trouble . Ray 's lawyers countered that what happened was a tragic accident , not a crime . They asked witnesses who were in the sweat lodge whether they signed a release form warning them of the dangers . All replied that they signed , but some said they did n't read the form . Ray 's attorneys also suggested that exposure to an unknown toxin in the lodge -- perhaps a pesticide , rat poison or something in the type of wood used to heat the rocks -- could have caused the deaths . Event participants paid up to $ 10,000 to seek "  new areas of consciousness " at the October 2009 Spiritual Warrior retreat in the desert , according to trial testimony . Many had attended previous James Ray International seminars .	Self-help guru found guilty of negligent homicide in deaths of three people The jury finds Ray not guilty of manslaughter charges Three people died in 2009 after participating in ceremony led by Ray Participants had paid up to $ 10,000 to join Ray 's "  retreat "
CNN  -- President Obama 's poignant speech at Sunday 's interfaith vigil in Newtown , Connecticut , set the tone for our mourning . Now , America 's path forward will be decided out of the spotlight . The question of whether the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School will linger only in memory or be memorialized by an enduring shift in gun policy can only be answered by the legislature . Incoming Judiciary Committee chair Sen. Diane Feinstein has announced she will introduce an enhanced assault weapons ban on the first day of the new Congress , but the fate of that legislation is in the hands of Vice President Joe Biden . Biden will reportedly lead the administration 's political response . No politician could be better suited to the challenge of passing federal gun control legislation than Biden . Over the past four decades , Biden has been one of the most consistent and effective advocates of gun control and violence prevention legislation . In 1994 , Biden shepherded the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act through the Senate , a near miracle six years in the making . After Biden wrote the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act in 1988 , Republicans quickly filibustered , blocking the bill for four years . He steered "  the Biden crime bill " through the lengthy filibuster by negotiating with Republicans and making revisions . "  Every single line in that bill was written with every single major Republican a part of it , " Biden said in a September 12 , 1994 , interview on the Charlie Rose show . The Clinton administration and then-Sen . Biden repeatedly refused to make concessions that would have jeopardized the substance of the act , even after debate over the amendment we know as the federal assault weapons ban imperiled the entire bill . Instead of backing down , Biden took on Republican Sens. Phil Gramm and Orrin Hatch and faced opponents attacking the bill as taxpayer-funded "  dance lessons and midnight basketball for robbers and rapists . " France : Where fear and taboo control guns more than laws Biden did not budge : "  Make no mistake , this is about guns , guns , guns . " The crime bill passed the Senate in November 1993 . When the bill foundered in the House , Biden persevered . It reached President Clinton 's desk thanks to an unexpected , eleventh-hour push from a "  Lost Battalion of Republicans " led by Rep. Mike Castle of Delaware . He 'd been swayed during a series of meetings with the House Speaker and other House Republicans , at which Biden was the only Senator in attendance . The resulting legislation banned the manufacture of 19 types of semi-automatic firearms and criminalized the possession of high-capacity magazines . The process taught a critical lesson : When otherwise "  pro-gun ' " lawmakers have to choose between a crime bill including a gun ban and inaction , it is more than possible for them to vote to protect Americans . Unfortunately , the assault weapons ban expired in 2004 . Since then , numerous lawmakers , including Joe Biden , have tried and failed to get the ban renewed . Congress now has a rare opportunity to take new action on gun control . After Newtown , proponents of stricter gun legislation are backed by public opinion and bolstered by a surge of political support . The "  pro-gun " wing of the GOP and the National Rifle Association remain silent even as their supporters are defecting publicly . Democratic Sens. Harry Reid and Joe Manchin , whose voting record earned them the NRA 's "  top rating , " have backed off their "  pro-gun " positions and declared that "  everything must be on the table " for legislative debate . The 31 pro-gun senators have not spoken since Friday 's tragedy , signaling the possibility that some of them might be changing their minds on guns , too . Lawmakers are essentially being asked to consider an updated version of the 1994 assault weapons ban . On Sunday , Feinstein promised the legislation "  will ban the sale , the transfer , the importation and the possession " of assault weapons and ban high-capacity magazines as well as "  clips of more than ten bullets . " Biden will likely support a new ban on assault weapons and push for improvements . His 2007 Crime Control and Prevention Act would not only have renewed the ban but required background checks for all gun purchases , closing the "  gun show loophole . ' " Biden has also called on Congress to address the relationship of mental illness to violence in the wake of the Virginia Tech shootings . Was your gun banned ? The president cautioned Americans Sunday , saying "  no single law , no set of laws can eliminate evil from the world , or prevent every senseless act of violence in our society . But that ca n't be an excuse for inaction . Surely , we can do better than this . " In his first term , however , Obama practiced a policy of appeasement , failing to block the expansion of gun rights or promote gun control . To ensure Congress passes tough , comprehensive gun control laws rather than settling for a watered-down version , as with health care , Obama must let Biden lead . Why ? Biden has distinguished himself as an adroit and effective statesman in both the legislative and the executive branches . The former six-term senator has a deft touch with moderate and conservative counterparts : in 2008 , he eulogized Strom Thurmond . As vice president , he has spearheaded the implementation of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act . Moreover , Biden has a particular passion for protecting students and educators . His wife , Jill Biden , has been teaching for more than 30 years . The deaths of 20 first-graders and six adults compel all Americans as sons and daughters , fathers and mothers , uncles and aunts , to consult their moral compasses . Legislators face a greater responsibility : a moral imperative to pass any legislation that could possibly prevent a future Newtown , Aurora , Oak Creek or Blacksburg . Opinion : Gun violence is a national security issue As Obama ministers to the American people and offers words of comfort , Biden must move lawmakers to action . In 1994 , Biden warned his colleagues , "  we simply ca n't let the gun lobby deny to the American people the vital benefits in this bill . " Biden must once more appeal to Congress to enact gun control . If anyone can succeed in those chambers , it 's Joe Biden . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rebecca Buckwalter-Poza	Rebecca Buckwalter-Poza : Obama has apparently tapped Biden as gun control point man She says he was leader in Senate on issue , shepherding 1994 gun control legislation It banned manufacture of many semi-automatic guns , criminalized high-capacity magazines Writer : Biden worked across aisle ; he 's adroit , determined statesman , right man for job
CNN  -- In footballing terms , Landon Donovan is n't a marquee name in Europe . He endured a miserable stint at behemoth Bayern Munich and only when he played in a less pressurized environment on another loan deal -- for Everton in the English Premier League -- did he excel . On the domestic front , it 's an entirely different matter . Donovan can rightly claim to being the talisman for the national team for the past decade or so , featuring in three World Cups and holding the distinction of scoring more goals than anyone else for the U.S. . He was , unquestionably , the leading figure as the U.S. transitioned from football minnow to respected outfit . If his omission from the World Cup squad by manager Jurgen Klinsmann could n't be compared to , let 's say , a Lionel Messi being snubbed by Argentina or a Cristiano Ronaldo being dropped by Portugal , it 's not far off . "  It is a very tight race for those spots , " Klinsmann , hired in 2011 and last year given an extension until 2018 , told reporters in May . "  We feel like the other players , without naming any of those guys , are a tiny bit ahead of him . "  That 's why we made that decision , which is obviously and understandably the biggest topic out there . " Most in the U.S. 's growing footballing community have disagreed with the man who "  shockingly " left out Donovan -- that was the word used by the 32-year-old 's MLS team , the L.A. Galaxy -- but Germany 's Klinsmann tends to court controversy , or at least divide opinion . Here 's someone who , for all his scoring prowess during his playing days , will be forever linked with diving . Pedro Monzon 's challenge on ` Klinsy ' in the 1990 World Cup final was reckless but the latter 's exaggerated air time could be compared to a high-jumper performing a forward roll . For good measure , when he hit the ground , Klinsmann resembled a fish when first out of the water -- flopping from the shock . Monzon became the first player sent off in a World Cup final and Argentina 's fate was sealed . Fast forward to his time as Germany manager . There can be few more uplifting scenarios than an adored former player guiding a national team to World Cup glory on home soil -- Klinsmann made 80 international appearances , netting 38 times -- and the Germans indeed almost prevailed in 2006 , falling to bogey side and eventual champion Italy in the semifinals . But current Germany captain Philipp Lahm all but wrote in his autobiography that Klinsmann did n't play much of a role , saying he was tactically deficient . Instead he praised then assistant Joachim Low  who just happens to be Lahm 's current boss with Germany  . Lahm lined up , too , under Klinsmann at Bayern Munich in 2008/2009 , when Klinsmann did n't last the season . Klinsmann and Lahm will meet again , since Germany -- as well as Portugal and Ghana -- landed in the U.S. 's group . "  There was very little technical instruction and the players had to get together independently before the game to discuss how we wanted to play , " Lahm wrote . Klinsmann 's deep focus on fitness and nutrition , and fondness for yoga , is well known . Players have even been given aptitude tests , not their usual fare . "  I do n't know if I 'd like his rules , " U.S. international keeper Marcus Hahnemann , not making the trip to Brazil , told CNN . "  I 'm way more laid back than most are . "  I would maybe struggle but that 's the way he wants to run it . " Judging by a story in the Sporting News last year , Hahnemann has company in not being entirely convinced by Klinsmann 's methods . Speaking anonymously , people linked with the U.S. team opened up about Klinsmann 's apparent tactical naivety , and the author stated there was "  building resentment over the perceived importance and attitude of the German-born players . " Although it 's not strange for players born in one country to represent another -- in-demand striker Diego Costa picked Spain over Brazil for the World Cup -- Klinsmann selected more than merely one : Jermaine Jones , John Brooks , Timothy Chandler and Fabian Johnson were all born in Germany . Bayern Munich 's Julian Green , meanwhile , mostly represented Germany under the senior level . "  Jurgen has made it clear that looking at all possible options for discovering players will be exhausted , " Tony Meola , who earned a century of caps for the U.S. , told CNN . "  My biggest concern is always , ` Are you playing for the love of the jersey and what it represents ? ' "  If the answer is an emphatic , ` Yes , ' I have no problem with it but anything less , I would be concerned . "  We are in a different era and one that is changing the face of the game . " Klinsmann 's brutal assessment of his charges ' chances at the World Cup -- "  I think for us now , talking about winning a World is just not realistic " -- also did n't go down well in the court of American public opinion . With all the second guessing , you might be hard pressed to believe that the U.S. has made inroads under Klinsmann , who has lived in California for more than 15 years and is married to an American . But how else to describe the U.S. beating powerhouse Italy for the first time -- in Italy -- and overcoming arch-rival Mexico in Mexico , also a first ? Note that Donovan played a combined 45 minutes in those landmark successes . Klinsmann has n't shied away from pushing for friendlies against top sides and has attempted to make the U.S. play a more proactive brand of football , rather than defend and counter . Klinsmann has n't been the lone manager targeted by the outspoken Lahm -- he came down harshly on the new Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal -- and Hahnemann admits the U.S. has "  definitely made progress . " "  In terms of the tactics , he has certainly tried to change the way we play , " added defender Jonathan Spector , who featured against the Italians . "  We have the players for it , and I think it 's just going to take some time to adjust to that . "  You ca n't argue with the results we 've had . He 's been very successful as a national team coach , both with Germany and with the US . "  In terms of sports science and that , I think there 's a place for that in football and he 's a very personable man . He 's easy to talk to . " So , Klinsmann has his supporters and detractors . Results in Brazil are sure to sway opinion further . Donovan snub sparks outrage Brazil 2014 World Cup : Score updates and schedule of matches World Cup survival glass tells you when to stop drinking	U.S. manager Jurgen Klinsmann drew criticism for axing star Landon Donovan But even before the World Cup snub , Klinsmann was a man who divided opinion The California resident 's tactics and methods have been questioned by players The U.S. has , however , posted some impressive results under Klinsmann
For almost 30 years , Abdullah Ocalan called for his people to wage war against the Turkish state . On Thursday , the imprisoned founder of the banned Kurdistan Workers ' Party made a historic call for dialogue with the government , as a letter from Ocalan was read in the Turkish Parliament . "  We for tens of years gave up our lives for this stuggle , we paid a price . We have come to a point at which the guns must be silent and ideas must talk , " said the letter , read by Sirri Sureyya Onder of the pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party , known as the BDP . "  I say in the witnesss of millions , a new period is beginning -- one in which not the gun , but politics is in the lead , " the letter continued . "  I say we have come to a point at which our armed elements should pull out of the borders . This is not giving up our struggle , it is about starting a new phase of struggle . " After decades of bloodshed from both sides that have cost tens of thousands of lives since 1984 , there have been other recent signs of reconciliation . In his ten years in power , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has loosened restrictions on expressions of Kurdish culture , which were forbidden for decades as being un-Turkish . Hostages released Over a week ago , Kurdish rebels handed over eight Turkish hostages in northern Iraq in a gesture of good will . "  This shows that there can be a democratic solution to the Kurdish issue , " said Adil Kurt , a Parliament member from the BDP . He went to Iraq to help pick up the hostages and bring them back to Turkey . The Kurdistan Workers ' Party -- known by its initials in Kurdish , PKK -- is expected to begin leaving Turkish territory . It could announce that its armed wing will eventually lay down its weapons . Counterdemands are not yet known , but the PKK in the past has insisted upon collective rights as an ethnic group , which are anchored in a new constitution , as well as a degree of autonomy in governing Kurdish areas . Kurds are a nation without a nation . The ethnic group , with its own languages and customs , straddles the borders of Iran , Iraq , Syria and Turkey . Kurds are a sizable minority and make up nearly 20 % of the population of Turkey . The bloody conflict Starting in 1984 , Ocalan called for the PKK to carry out bloody attacks in retaliation against cultural suppression , particularly attempts to stamp out the Kurdish language . His ultimate goal has been the formation of a Kurdish state in Turkey 's rural southeast , which has a predominantly Kurdish population . The campaign resulted in countless bombings , armed attacks , and hunger strikes . Kurdish protesters demanding autonomy have also often set themselves on fire in public places . The PKK , which has a Marxist-Leninist philosophy , at first carried out attacks in rural areas but moved into cities in the 1990s and expanded to include Turkish diplomatic interests in Western Europe , according to the U.S. State Department . By 1998 it counted up to 15,000 guerrillas and had thousands of sympathizers in Europe . The PKK also bombed hotels and kidnapped tourists to damage Turkey 's booming tourism industry , the State Department said . Human rights organizations have accused Turkish security forces of summarily executing Kurds and allowing others to die in custody , as well as the additional killings of thousands of Kurds . Human Rights Watch has called for the prosecution of those involved . After the fall of dictator Saddam Hussein in neighboring Iraq , ethnic Kurds in Turkey 's north have gained more autonomy and prosperity . The PKK has operated out of the region . Iraq refused the Turkish government 's requests to intervene . Turkey 's military has gone after rebel pockets in Iraq 's north with aerial shelling . The Turkish government has declared the PKK a terror organization , as has its ally the United States .	Letter from imprisoned leader of Kurdish militant group is read in Turkish Parliament "  The guns must be silent and ideas must talk , " writes Abdullah Ocalan Kurds have tried to separate from Turkey for almost 30 years The Kurdistan Workers ' Party , known as the PKK , is a Marxist separatist movement
Camping in the freezing snow at an altitude of 6,000 feet . Trekking through the jungle with an armed guard . Sitting on a boat in crocodile-infested waters . Craig Smith sure has done a lot to take a good picture . The chief financial officer from Orange County , California , has a second life as a wildlife photographer . His passion started early , at age 8 . His grandparents gave him a camera before a trip to Yellowstone National Park , thinking he might like to photograph the bears . "  I struggled when I was young with focus , so they thought picture-taking would be a good hobby , " he said . Since then , he 's visited Africa 10 times , taken photos of animals on all seven continents , and been to both the North and South poles . He 's photographed pandas in China , gorillas in Rwanda , lions in Namibia and polar bears in Norway . He 'd ultimately like to take underwater photos of a Great White Shark . Experience the majesty of Smith 's wildlife photography , and that of other CNN iReporters , in the gallery above . And if you 'd like to shoot gorgeous animal photos of your own -- whether of the birds in your back yard or on a monthlong safari -- follow their tips below . 1 . Get comfortable outside If you want to take pictures of animals , you 'll be spending a lot of time outside . "  Starting out , you need a passion for the outdoors , " said Smith . "  Shooting animals is all about having enough time to linger for an extended amount of time waiting for the right shot . " 2 . Start with a sure thing For those who are n't used to shooting wildlife , photographer and iReporter Robert Ondrovic recommends visiting your local zoo for some practice . "  The variety of animals on display in a relatively confined area will give the beginner the opportunity to be up close to numerous species in a setting that makes them easy to capture , " he said . Pets and backyard animals can also be good practice subjects . When you 're ready to up the ante , head to a nearby state or national park to find and photograph animals in the wild . 3 . Splurge on your lenses "  Buy the absolute best lens you can -- glass makes all the difference in quality photographs -- and be less focused on the camera body , " said Ondrovic . "  The ` guts ' of most DSLRs in any brand are similar across the various lines "  and prices  . Although it 's helpful to have a variety of lenses for capturing animals , if you 're only going to buy one for your wildlife shots , make it a telephoto or super telephoto lens . "  It is a basic lens of wildlife -LSB- photography -RSB- , " said nature photographer Takayuki Maekawa , as it allows you to zoom in . "  More often than not , the animals are a distance away from you , and that is probably good idea since it is always preferable not to place yourself in close proximity to certain animals , " advised Ondrovic . Smith recommends going with a 400-millimeter for the strongest close-ups . But if you 're not sure , CNN producer Jessica Ellis , who is also a wildlife photographer , advises renting before you buy . "  Start at a local camera rental shop , " she said . "  Test out a few of their DSLR beginner recommendations " to find out what you like and are most comfortable with . Even if your budget limits you to a point-and-shoot camera rather than a higher-quality DSLR , make sure you get one with a good optical zoom . Digital zoom , which is achieved electronically rather than by adjustment of the camera 's lens , reduces quality and can result in pixelation . This "  may not give you the clarity that makes for a good image , " said photographer and iReporter Doug Mackenzie . 4 . Skip the tripod You might think a tripod is a good idea for capturing sharp photographs , but when it comes to animals , you 'd be wrong , says Ondrovic . "  You may set up a tripod looking forward and an animal may suddenly appear to your left , right , -LSB- or -RSB- behind and you will miss the opportunity trying to get the angle if mounted on a tripod , " he explained . If you 're looking for more stability , "  a monopod would be a good thing to buy instead of a tripod , " advised Smith . Its single leg will help steady the camera without limiting your range of motion like a tripod can . 5 . Be patient "  If you think things happen quickly like the Internet , social media or sports , you will be disappointed , " warned Smith . He spent hours hiking through the "  dense jungle " of Rwanda and Uganda over three different trips to capture a stunning close-up of a mountain gorilla . "  If you want to photograph wildlife , you have to be quiet and when you see them , you have to move slowly and try not to scare them , " added freelance photographer Billy Ocker . "  I always look for their tracks on the ground . " "  Animals do n't pose and seldom smile on cue , " agreed Mackenzie . "  You have to learn to be very , very patient . It could take hours , days or even years to get just the right shot . " Maekawa will spend up to 10 hours a day waiting for a photo -- and has been shooting some species for more than 10 years . 6 . Change your perspective As you 're clicking away , think about the perspective and goal of your images . For Smith , that means creating "  a special relationship between the animal being photographed and the person viewing the picture . " As a result , he likes to shoot from the animal 's perspective -- "  get on your knees and shoot at their level . " Maekawa tries to capture the human side of the animals he shoots , while Ondrovic focuses on their wildness . "  My goal as a wildlife photographer these days is to photograph animals in their natural settings , unencumbered by artificial environments such as zoo captivity , and show their beauty as they were meant to be , " he said . And Ellis hopes to pass along an environmental message with her pictures . "  I hope to bring people closer to nature ... to pass on a message that we all must strive to minimize our impact on the earth , " she said . 7 . Capture the eyes They 're the windows to the soul , you know , and Mackenzie says they 're also the key to a stunning animal portrait . "  They will help you tell the story and give the image that extra spark of life that will touch you and all those who eventually see the image , " he said . "  Get as close as possible . " 8 . Know your equipment Imagine how you 'd feel if you dropped a wad of cash on a fancy new camera , went on your fabulous safari vacation , saw a majestic lion posing perfectly -- and could n't figure out how to turn off your flash or adjust your aperture . Give yourself plenty of time and opportunities for practice before your holiday of a lifetime . "  There is nothing worse than buying the latest hot camera and leaving the next day , hoping it was be the thing that gets you that award-winning photo , " warned Mackenzie . 9 . Anticipate "  Animals are unpredictable , " said Smith . They 're not going to hold their pose for you , so try to anticipate and start snapping before they strike that perfect silhouette or move into just the right spot . "  Look for the anticipative moment , " advised Mackenzie . "  One of the most common things for us all to do is to be watching the action in front of us and forget to push the little button . " 10 . Shoot , shoot , shoot All our experts agree that more is more when it comes to photographing wildlife . "  Shoot and shoot . Experiment ! " said Smith . Take photos at "  different exposures , different shutter speeds , different apertures " to see what works best , advises Mackenzie . Shoot from a variety of angles and times to capture different light levels , said Maekawa , and be sure to capture the animal making a variety of expressions . Finally , whatever you do , bring lots and lots of digital storage and extra batteries so you can click away without worry . Have you shot stunning wildlife photos that you think belong in the gallery above ? Submit your best at CNN iReport .	Click through the gallery for our favorite examples of wildlife photography Follow the tips below to shoot amazing animal images of your own Want to share your own wildlife photos ? Submit at CNN iReport
Washington  CNN  -- In the words of Judge Roslyn Silver , the situation is "  dire . " From her chambers in Phoenix , Arizona , the chief judge of federal judicial District of Arizona warns a bulging criminal caseload is being exacerbated by three unfilled bench seats , which the Obama administration and the Senate have , until recently , shown little urgency to address . "  We have a crisis , we have vacancies , and we would like to have them filled so that justice can be served , " she told CNN in an exclusive television interview . The crisis was thrust suddenly upon the 64-year-old Arizona native . The murder of her predecessor , Chief Judge John Roll in the January 8 Tucson shootings that left Rep. Gabrielle Giffords seriously wounded suddenly put her in charge . Losing a colleague and dear friend , while ensuring her court continued to do its job remains a personal and professional challenge for Silver , but she remains quietly confident . "  We are doing our job , " she said . "  That 's what we were appointed to do and we will continue to do , and I ca n't imagine anything falling apart here . " A nationwide dilemma The situation in Arizona is mirrored nationwide , caused by a combination of practical and political forces . The importance of the federal courts is not lost on the ever-rising number of civil and criminal litigants seeking justice , and on the issue advocacy groups that have made the appointment of judges a political rallying cry . That has led to delays of up to 19 months in getting some nominees confirmed . "  Government is now not doing it 's job , that 's what it comes down to , it 's just not filling these vacancies in a timely manner and there 's enough blame to go around , " said Russell Wheeler , a policy analyst with the Brookings Institution . "  I think it 's going to be harder and harder to get people , good people to be federal judges because who wants to go through this process ? " In Arizona , a state with the third highest criminal caseload in the country , the vacancies have left the remaining three Tucson-based judges handling more than 1200 criminal cases each . "  And then of course they have civil cases on top of that , " said Judge Silver . "  And I just learned recently that Judge Roll was carrying about 150 civil cases . " Based on its caseload , the judicial district of Arizona is eligible for five additional judgeships . There are now 92 vacancies in the 857 federal district and appeals court judgeships , amounting to about 11 % . Just 61 names have been currently put forth by President Obama in the new Congress , many of them renominated -- but never confirmed -- from the past two years . Seventeen candidates have received confirmation since January . The Administrative Office of the U.S. courts predicts at least 23 more vacancies this year . Since Obama took office in 2009 , the number of open slots has risen steadily , as judges retire or leave for better-paying jobs . The president has been slow to replace them , compared to his two predecessors . In their first two years , Bill Clinton had a 90 % confirmation rate for his nominees , while George W. Bush had a 77 % rate . Obama by contrast has only had 58 % of his 103 choices clearing the Senate hurdle . His supporters point to a number of factors for the slow start -- including two time-consuming Supreme Court vacancies in the past two years . Yet White House aides proudly note the diversity the president has brought to his nominees : About three-fourths are women or minorities , with a particular focus on Hispanics . By contrast , the current federal bench remains almost 60 % white male . Supreme Court choices almost always receive relatively swift attention . Obama 's two choices -- Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan -- took their judicial oaths less than three months after being chosen . Some lower court nominees by contrast nominated in 2009 by the president have yet to get a final vote . Wheeler from the Brookings Institution and other court watchers point the finger at all sides : a delinquent White House , stall tactics from conservative Republican senators , and an ever-increasing chorus from interest groups on the left and right . "  Both parties may have an institutional reason to get this back to a situation it was before , " said Wheeler , "  where the government could fulfill a basic government function , which is filling judicial vacancies . " There is some hope of that happening . Seven judgeships have been approved in the past month by senators , including two this week . Several more nominees have been promised floor votes in coming days . Government sources say Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , reached an informal agreement earlier this year not to use the same procedural maneuvers that have delayed many judicial nominees over the past few years . Most nominees , said sources , will get up-or-down votes in "  an orderly fashion . " Most . The Senate Judiciary Committee resumes confirmation hearings Wednesday , with perhaps the most contentious nominee getting another shot . University of California law professor Goodwin Liu has been tapped to sit on the 9thCircuit U.S. Court of Appeals . His outspoken opposition to many of the legal policies and judicial nominees of the second Bush administration has earned him conservative wrath . If confirmed he would be only the second current Asian-American on the federal appeals bench , and many liberals see Liu as a potential candidate for the Supreme Court someday . Cause and effect The sagging economy has rippled into the federal courts , with ever-increasing bankruptcy filings and civil , financial disputes . Current legal fights over national security , health care reform , and "  social " areas like gay marriage have only added to the bulging dockets . In the District of Columbia , hundreds of appeals from terror suspects detained at the Guantanamo military prison have overwhelmed that federal court . As a result , "  We plan to try very few civil cases this spring and summer , " said Chief Judge Royce Lamberth . Washington 's federal district court has three current judicial vacancies . Lamberth is unusually blunt about the situation , saying , "  This is as bad as I 've seen it . " "  There 's a war between the legislative branches of government and the judiciary is caught in the middle and we are suffering , " the 1987 Reagan appointee told CNN . "  The Republicans are doing exactly what they accused the Democrats of before . They 're stalling and there 's no good basis to stall if you have no basis against the nominee . " Some courts in some areas of the country report little or no backlog . Other areas like the Southwest see no relief . Operation Streamline has been anything but for those on the judicial front lines . The federal program launched in 2005 requires low-level criminal prosecution and imprisonment of nearly every illegal immigrant caught crossing parts of the U.S.-Mexico border . Judges in the region report being swamped . "  The border courts are absolutely overloaded , " said Judge W. Royal Furgeson , based in West Texas . "  You 've got judges handling eight times the number of criminal cases than are normally registered in other courts across the nation . That 's a staggering docket . It 's amazing . " The 1993 Clinton appointee said some decisions by his border state colleagues are made "  assembly line fashion , which I think we all find unacceptable . " Arizona justice Silver said criminal prosecutions in her home state have risen by about 70 % in the past two years . So in January she declared a judicial "  emergency " in Arizona , giving her and her colleagues more time before defendants must face trial . Essentially those criminal trials do not have to take place for 180 days as opposed to the Speedy Trial Act requirement of 70 days . It is a rarely used tactic , but Silver said she and her predecessor , John Roll , had no choice . "  He initiated the request for a declaration of the judicial emergency , " she said . After his sudden death , "  I picked up the reins immediately and accomplished it . He put together all the statistics so all I did was update those statistics and now it has been accomplished . " Roll in fact had gone to speak informally with Rep. Giffords at a Tucson-area constituent gathering about the judicial emergency , when the shootings occurred . The 63-year-old judge was caught in the crossfire . "  Well we were absolutely shocked and stunned and we 're still saddened , " said Silver , a 1994 Clinton appointee . "  The crisis occurred on January 8 , we went back to work on January 10 . We did not lose any stride whatsoever . We are dealing with a crisis . We do our best not to think about it and let the sad news overcome us . " CNN 's Dan Lothian and Shawna Shepherd contributed to this report .	There are now 99 vacancies in the 857 federal district and appeals court judgeships Just 46 names have been currently put forth by President Obama The Administrative Office of the U.S. courts predicts at least 15 more vacancies this year
CNN  -- Three people were killed and 19 injured when a bus carrying about 40 passengers to an Indianapolis church overturned Saturday afternoon . "  I saw bodies everywhere , kids in shock and disbelief , " said John Murphy , who had stopped along the northern Indianapolis road . "  There was an awful lot of blood . " The bus was returning from a camp in Michigan , said Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard . Among those killed were the youth pastor for Colonial Hills Baptist Church , Chad Phelps , and his wife , Courtney , said Jeff Leffew , a church deacon , at a press conference Sunday . Courtney Phelps was pregnant , and the couple were expecting their second child next month , Leffew said . Tonya Weindorf , a mother of five who was a chaperone on the trip , also died , he said . "  They are with God in heaven right now . We know that without a doubt , " Leffew said , "  but we grieve for the fact that they are not here with us . " The deacon asked for prayers and support as the church and victims recover . "  We 're going to have a long road , " he said . Most of those on board were teenagers , according to Indianapolis Fire Department spokeswoman Rita Burris . The driver told witnesses that the vehicle 's brakes failed as he was trying to make a left turn , she said . The bus ended up on its side on a concrete road barrier with luggage and other debris strewn on the roadway . Indianapolis police spokesman Michael Hewitt said two passengers were airlifted from the crash , nine were treated and released at the scene of the accident and others were taken to local hospitals . Seven teenagers are being treated at the main hospital and children 's hospital at Indiana University Health , according to Sally Winter , public relations coordinator for IU Health . One is in critical condition , and the six others are in good condition , Winter said . The bus is believed to be the only vehicle involved in the crash , according to Hewitt . "  Please pray for all involved , " the Indianapolis Fire Department tweeted . Rose Vorenkamp was driving when she saw the overturned bus and saw "  people running " to help . Having been trained through her job in first aid and CPR , she moved closer and saw what she described as a girl trapped under the bus , bloodied passengers with head injuries and at least one person with a dislocated shoulder . The fire department noted that four passers-by arrived first to help , including one who helped pull the driver from the bus . Those helping were met soon by firefighters and crews from 12 ambulances and four helicopters . By then , traffic in the area had been shut down , and all the casualties had been sent to local hospitals . Family members subsequently gathered at the church , Colonial Hills Baptist , where the bus had been heading . The scene there was "  remarkably positive , very sad , but at the same time very together , " Ballard said . "  Some of the teenagers are hurting very badly ; you can see it in their faces , " the mayor said . Some people at the church thanked him for visiting and generally appeared strong , Ballard added , surmising that "  it 's very clear that they are being guided by their faith right now . " Still , the mayor added , they might have some tough days ahead of them . "  The next few days are always very , very painful as they come out of the shock of it , " he said .	NEW : Deacon says youth pastor , his wife and a chaperone among three dead in bus crash NEW : More than a dozen of teen passengers hospitalized , official says The bus was headed to church after returning from Michigan camp , mayor says Driver told witnesses brakes failed , fire department official says
Talent , a 20-1 outsider , dominated rivals to capture the Oaks , the premier fillies ' Classic of the season . The Ralph Beckett-trained filly made a brilliant last-to-first move in the home straight at Epsom under jockey Richard Hughes to lead home a talented field including stablemate Secret Gesture in second and The Lark in third . All the attention pre-race had been on Beckett 's other runner , the Qatar Bloodstock-owned Secret Gesture . Qatar 's Sheikh Fahad decided to buy a half-share in the filly just this week after her impressive 10-length victory in the Lingfield Oaks trial . The endorsement of one of the most competitive owners in the business helped propel her to early favorite in the markets , leaving Talent relatively unexposed . But the chestnut daughter of New Approach showed her true colors as she swept past her rivals to claim victory by 3 3/4 lengths . The Lark was a further 3/4 length behind in third , with favorite Moth in fourth . After a somewhat fractious start in which several of the fillies appeared to become unsettled by the atmosphere on course , an early break-neck pace was set by David Simcock 's Miss You Too , who appeared to taking a keen hold with jockey Ian Mongan . By contrast , Hughes was content to settle Talent towards the back of the field , choosing to make his move after rounding the famous Tattenham Corner and gradually moving up through the field before letting Talent hit her stride inside the final furlong . At the start of the season , veteran jockey Hughes had yet to capture an English Classic . He is now two for two in the fillies ' Classics , having won the 1,000 Guineas on Sky Lantern last month . "  It 's like buses is n't it ? " Hughes said . "  I thought that I would win five furlongs out , she was going that well . I would say that she would be even better on better ground . " Beckett added : "  I was n't watching her until she suddenly loomed up on the outside . He just put her in the race and she got keen and started tanking then . "  What a day . Having the first two does n't happen , does it ? " The Oaks is English racing 's premier fillies ' race and was first run in 1779 , making it one year older than the Derby itself . It gives its name to , among other races , the Kentucky Oaks .	Talent , not expected to win , makes a move in the home straight to claim the Oaks For jockey Richard Hughes , it marks his second win in an English Classic in two months Secret Gesture finishes second , ahead of The Lark and pre-race favorite Moth
CNN  -- For Connor Hays , nothing said summer more than spending a day at Joyland Amusement Park . Back in its prime , the Wichita , Kansas , theme park drew families with novelty rides , carnival food and live entertainment . Hays , now 25 , says he visited Joyland at least twice each summer when he was a kid in the 1990s . After moving back to his hometown earlier this year , Hays wanted to revisit his childhood amusement park . But he could n't . Joyland was no more . The theme park , which had been operating for 55 years , closed in 2004 . What Hays found instead was a heap of scraps from a forgotten place . With a camera in hand , the web designer walked carefully through the tall fields of grass that now surround much of the abandoned remnants of the theme park . Within the confines of Joyland , Hays was hit with a rush of memories from his youth . "  My older brother and I would beg my parents to take us , " Hays said . "  When we got there , we would ride the same three rides over and over again . " Those deep feelings of nostalgia associated with places like local , homegrown theme parks are quite common , according to Jim Futrell , a historian with the National Amusement Park Historical Association . "  In this Internet era , people are looking for something different to do , and a lot of amusement parks are able to capitalize on that , " he said . Attendance at U.S. theme parks increased by 59 million visitors from 2000 to 2013 , said David Mandt , a spokesman for the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions . The jump in attendance is positive news for an industry that historically goes through cycles of park closures . From 2004 to 2008 , amusement parks hit a slump with dozens of theme parks shutting their doors nationwide . This includes several smaller theme parks that closed in the mid-2000s , including some that had survived a century , Futrell said . Ohio 's Geauga Lake and Pennsylvania 's Bushkill Park , were examples of this trend , Futrell wrote in a 2006 article for Funworld Magazine . Those smaller theme park closures have left a void for some intrepid travelers who are looking for a more nostalgic amusement park experience . Our fascination with abandoned buildings Jessica Georgia is one of those travelers who is always searching for a vintage or "  Old Americana " place to explore . It 's what brought her and her family to the gates of Land of Oz , a relic theme park , sitting all alone on top of Beech Mountain in North Carolina . Georgia stumbled onto the theme park while doing an online search for interesting places to visit with her family . There was n't much information she could find on Land of Oz , except that it once operated in the 1970s before closing its doors . What she did find online were photos of a real-life version of "  The Wizard of Oz . " Its yellow bricks , steel gate and lush green trees sparked her curiosity . She and her family visited the park in late May and found that the gates to the theme park were open , so they stepped inside . Georgia , her husband and daughter walked carefully down the yellow brick road . The path was still brightly colored after all these years , with a few bricks missing here and there . "  I do n't think you are supposed to walk in the way we did , " she said . "  The gates are there , there were the yellow bricks , and the shell of what used to be a castle . The Tin Man was also there , and the trees looked like they were looking at you . " Land of Oz may seem like an abandoned theme park , but it 's actually not . The amusement park is closed , and the space has been converted into vacation rental property . Visitors can rent out Dorothy 's house , which looks like an antique cottage , for two nights or more . Other parts of the park can also be rented for small events . The theme park has n't been operational since the 1980s , when it first shut down . But the space went through a revival in the 1990s , according to Cynthia Keller , the property manager of Land of Oz and self-appointed "  Keeper of Oz . " Libraries are dying ? Think again "  You get the grounds to yourself , and you can stroll the yellow brick road , " Keller said . "  We have been doing vacation rentals for the last 20 years . " Spending the night in Dorothy 's home and waking up on top of a picturesque mountain is an experience that keeps the park 's rental calendar pretty much booked up , Keller said . Even those who are n't hardcore fans of the classic Technicolor movie enjoy spending time at the converted theme park . "  We are n't crazy about ` The Wizard of Oz , ' but I definitely had some nostalgia walking through , " Georgia said . "  I had a lot of childhood memories of watching that movie with my sister when we were little , and being able to pass that experience down to my daughter . It makes you want to be a kid again . " Hays says going to Joyland with his parents always felt like a treat , giving him a "  special feeling that is hard to recreate or describe once you have grown up . " Although Hays does n't have children yet , he hopes to share that same feeling with his own kids in the future . He plans on taking them to a theme park similar to Joyland . "  There is something about local amusement parks , " he said . "  When you go to Six Flags , I do n't think you have the same emotional connection to that park like a smaller theme park gives you . "	During the mid-2000s , several smaller U.S. theme parks closed their doors for good Nostalgic travelers are looking for a more intimate theme park experience Vintage theme parks like Land of Oz learned to adapt by offering nostalgia for visitors
New York  CNN  -- The search for Etan Patz , a 6-year-old New York boy who disappeared more than three decades ago , is expected to resume on Monday after being suspended for "  operational reasons , " an FBI spokesman said . A law enforcement source briefed on the investigation said no evidence of human remains has been found so far in the basement of a building in Manhattan 's SoHo neighborhood where investigators are looking . Around 2 p.m. Sunday , investigators searching the basement abruptly folded up a tent they had erected to shield them from a nasty rainstorm . Moments later , two large New York Police Department vans rolled in , obstructing most of the view of the scene . Through a small break between the vehicles , photographers were able to catch a glimpse of something being loaded into the side of an unmarked blue van . FBI spokesman Peter Donald declined to discuss the reasons behind the search 's suspension . "  We 'll be back in the morning , " he said . Sunday 's developments came a day after investigators discovered a possible blood stain on a concrete wall while tearing apart the basement in their search for clues in the case , a second law enforcement source told CNN . FBI agents , assisted by the NYPD , discovered the stain by spraying the chemical luminol , said the second source , who was also briefed on the investigation . The chemical can indicate the presence of blood , but is not always conclusive , according to that source . At this time , the stain is described only as an area of interest . Investigators used chainsaws to dig out the portion of the wall with the stain , which will be sent to the FBI laboratory in Quantico , Virginia for analysis to determine whether the substance is blood and , if so , whose it is , the second law enforcement source said . The basement is about a half-block from where the boy 's family still lives . Etan vanished May 25 , 1979 , as he walked to a bus stop by himself for the first time . A carpenter whose former Manhattan basement is the scene of the search said through his lawyer Friday that he had no involvement in the disappearance . Othniel Miller , 75 , who has not been charged with a crime , has long cooperated with authorities and plans to continue to do so , his lawyer said . "  Mr. Miller has been cooperating with this investigation for over 30 years , " attorney Michael Farkas said . "  He has continued to cooperate on multiple occasions . And I am going to assist him in cooperating to the fullest extent possible . " Miller 's daughter , Stephanie Miller , told CNN affiliate WCBS that her father had cooperated with federal agents , saying he "  does n't have anything to do with it . " Investigators recently relaunched their probe of the cold case , often described as a milestone effort that helped draw the plight of missing children into the national consciousness . Missing child case ` awakened America ' Authorities said both new and old information led them to Miller , a part-time handyman , who met Etan the day before he disappeared and gave him a dollar . Miller faces no charges in connection with the disappearance . It was interest in the carpenter that prompted authorities to bring a cadaver dog about 10 days ago to a SoHo basement , where Etan apparently had encountered the carpenter , then 42 , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . The dog picked up a human scent in the basement , where the man had a workshop . When agents interviewed the man about his connection to the basement , the source said the carpenter blurted out , "  What if the body was moved ? " Farkas , the attorney , said he will speak to authorities about that alleged remark . "  I do n't know that he asked that , " Farkas told reporters . Late Thursday , authorities set up a grid in the basement and planned to rip up the concrete floor . They also took out part of the back wall of the basement , an unoccupied area beneath what was once a restaurant . The floor was "  newly poured " at the time the boy disappeared , according to another law enforcement source . It was not dug up during the original investigation . Miller was picked up by the FBI again Thursday , but is not in custody . He was questioned and returned to his Brooklyn apartment , the source with knowledge of the investigation said . "  We 're looking for human remains , clothing or other personal effects of Etan Patz , " NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said of the current investigation . "  It 's a very painstaking process . " In 2010 , Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. said his office decided to take another look at the decades-old mystery . FBI leads were then culled from that case file , sources said . The investigation garnered national headlines as authorities splashed the child 's image on the sides of milk cartons in the hopes of gathering more information , then a novel approach . Etan was officially declared dead in 2001 as part of a civil lawsuit filed by his family against a drifter , Jose Antonio Ramos , a convicted child molester acquainted with his babysitter . A judge found Ramos responsible for the death and ordered him to pay the family $ 2 million . He never paid the money . Though Ramos has been considered a key focus of the probe for years , he has never been charged in the case . He is serving a 20-year sentence in a Pennsylvania prison for molesting a different boy and is set to be released later this year . A source said investigators want to expand the pool of possible suspects beyond Ramos . Stan and Julie Patz , Etan 's parents , still live a block away from the scene and would n't comment on the new developments . A notice on the apartment building said , "  To the hardworking and patient media people : The answer to all your questions at this time is ` no comment . ' Please stop ringing our bell and calling for interviews . " Authorities have reason to think the new search could lead to the discovery of the boy 's remains at that location , though they remain wary after past leads in the case failed to pan out , according to two sources familiar with the probe . "  I hope they find something , " said resident Sean Sweeney , who says he 's lived in the neighborhood since 1976 . SoHo , a Lower Manhattan neighborhood now known for its boutique shops , art galleries and loft apartments , at the time was considered a grittier locale , where abandoned storefronts dotted the city streets . The boy 's disappearance was thought to raise awareness of child abductions and led to new ways to search for missing children . President Ronald Reagan named May 25 , the day Etan went missing , National Missing Children 's Day . CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	NEW : No evidence of human remains has been found , says a law enforcement source An FBI spokesman says the search was suspended for "  operational reasons " Official : Possible blood stain discovered in basement search The 6-year-old boy disappeared in 1979 on his way to a bus stop in New York
Two women captured our hearts ; both were dying of brain cancer . Both taught us to cherish life -- that nothing is greater than the human spirit . Brittany Maynard , 29 , fought for the right to die with dignity . Lauren Hill , 19 , fought for a dream -- to play in a college basketball game before she dies . Their stories are sad and tragic , yet inspirational , brave and beautiful . For a brief moment last weekend , both women took us away from the negative political ads blasting from our TVs and gave us the most important message of all : to enjoy our time on Earth . Maynard conveyed a stirring message about being allowed to die on her own terms ; Hill 's cause was infectious as she conveyed a never-give-up spirit . On Saturday , November 1 , Maynard who suffered from terminal brain cancer took her last breath . She had moved to Oregon to end her life under that state 's Death With Dignity Act . Before taking medication that ended her life , Maynard signed off , saying , "  Goodbye to all my dear friends and family that I love . " "  It is people who pause to appreciate life and give thanks who are happiest . If we change our thoughts , we change our world ! Love and peace to you all . " A graduate of the University of California , Berkeley , Maynard had enjoyed traveling the world before her diagnosis . "  The world is a beautiful place , " she said . "  Travel has been my greatest teacher , my close friends and folks are the greatest givers . " She died surrounded by those who loved her most . A once taboo topic -- letting a terminally ill patient die on his or her terms -- was thrust into the spotlight . As news of her death spread , her story went viral by Sunday afternoon . Mourners tweeted and memorialized her across social media . That same day , Lauren Hill slipped on her No. 22 jersey and suited up to play basketball for Division III Mount St. Joseph . The NCAA -- not known for making speedy decisions -- moved up the team 's season opener to allow Hill to play before she dies . When she was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor last year , one of her doctors told her pediatric brain cancer "  needed a face , " so she set a goal to live long enough to play in her first collegiate basketball game . In September , doctors gave her only a few more months . She is expected to live only until December . More than 10,000 fans crammed into Cintas Center in Cincinnati on Sunday for the match against Hiram College . They wore T-shirts and sweatshirts bearing Hill 's name and the slogan "  Never Give Up . " Hill told ESPN before the game : "  I 've always wanted to step out on a college court , looking down at my shoes , stepping out on that wooden floor and feeling the vibration of the crowd . " On the first play of the game , Hill got the ball in the post and laid it off the glass for a bucket . The arena erupted . She would score again , ending with four points . At halftime , legendary Tennessee head coach Pat Summitt -- facing her own valiant bout with Alzheimer 's -- presented Hill with the Pat Summitt Most Courageous Award . The award is typically given at the end of the season during the women 's Final Four . "  This game has been amazing , and everything that happened today was amazing , " Hill said . "  This is a really good day . " The opposing coach , Emily Hays of Hiram , said , "  The look on her face was priceless . She had that big smile . I 'm like , ` That 's why we 're here . ' " There were enough tears to fill the Ohio River . Her story caught fire on social media , too . Mortality is something we all must face . In one weekend , two women more than 2,300 miles apart reminded us what it means to be courageous . Follow CNN 's Wayne Drash on Twitter or contact him by email .	On a single weekend , two young women with terminal brain cancer inspired a nation One ended her own life ; Brittany Maynard chose "  death with dignity " The other , Lauren Hill , achieved her dream -- to play college basketball before she dies
CNN  -- It seems like just yesterday Lauren and Kristin were competing for Stephen . It 's officially been a decade since MTV launched "  Laguna Beach : The Real Orange County , " a reality show that followed the lives of a group of students from Laguna Beach High School . The original cast quickly gained attention as they shared their stories of teenage love , drama and friendship during their final years of high school . While the original cast did n't stay on the full three seasons after the September 28 , 2004 , premiere , the show spun off "  The Hills " and some of the crew has gone on to be pretty successful . Cast member Stephen Colletti recently posted a group photo of him and some of the male cast member of the series with the caption : "  From wine coolers to fine wine , a work in progress ... 2004 -- > 2014 .	The series first aired September 28 , 2004 Some of the cast members have found major success Stephen Colletti recently posted a pic of some of the cast
CNN  -- Police arrested another teen Thursday , the sixth suspect jailed in connection with the gang rape of a 15-year-old girl on a northern California high school campus . Jose Carlos Montano , 18 , was arrested on charges of felony rape , rape in concert with force , and penetration with a foreign object , said Richmond Police Lt. Mark Gagan . Montano was arrested Thursday evening in San Pablo , California , a small town about two miles from the city of Richmond , where the crime took place . Montano , who was held in lieu of $ 1.3 million bail , is accused of taking part in what police said was a 2 1/2 - hour assault on the Richmond High School campus . Police said as many as 10 people were involved in the rape in a dimly lit back alley at the school , while another 10 people watched without calling 911 . The victim was taken to the hospital in critical condition , but was released Wednesday . Four other teenage suspects were arraigned Thursday on charges connected to the rape . Cody Ray Smith , described by the court as older than 14 , pleaded not guilty to charges of rape with a foreign object and rape by force . Two other juveniles , Ari Abdallah Morales and Marcelles James Peter , appeared with Smith at the Contra Costa County Superior Court , but did not enter a plea . The court described Morales as younger than 16 , and did not give an age for Peter . All three juveniles , who wore bulletproof vests at the hearing , were charged as adults . A fourth person , Manuel Ortega , 19 , appeared separately without an attorney and did not enter a plea . He did not wear a protective vest . Another person , Salvador Rodriguez , 21 , was arrested Tuesday night , but he was not in court Thursday .	Another arrest made in gang rape outside California school Investigators say up to 20 people took part or stood and watched the assault Four suspects appeared in court Thursday ; three wore bulletproof vests
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A California doctor has been accused of negligence in the case of a woman who gave birth to octuplets in January 2009 , according to a complaint filed by the state medical board . Michael Kamrava , an obstetrician/gynecologist in Beverly Hills , is accused of gross negligence and repeated negligent acts in the treatment of a patient named in the complaint only by her initials , N.S. Octuplet mom Nadya Suleman has identified Kamrava as her doctor in interviews . Suleman has six children in addition to the octuplets -- all conceived through in-vitro fertilization . In filing the complaint in December , the medical board 's executive director , Barbara Johnston , says Kamrava , while his patient was undergoing in-vitro , transferred a number of embryos that was "  far in excess of -LSB- American Society for Reproductive Medicine -RSB- recommendations and beyond the reasonable judgment of any treating physician . " The society recommends no more than two embryos for women under 35 years old and no more than five for women over 40 , for whom it is harder to get pregnant , according to guidelines published on its Web site . Suleman was 33 when she gave birth to the octuplets . The reproductive society expelled Kamrava from the group in September . Additionally , the complaint says Kamrava should have referred his patient to a mental health physician after she repeatedly returned to him for additional in-vitro treatments shortly after each of her pregnancies . " -LSB- Kamrava -RSB- failed to exercise appropriate judgment and question whether there would be harm to her living children and any future offspring should she continue to conceive , " the complaint says . Efforts to reach Kamrava on Monday were unsuccessful . No hearing date has been set in the case .	California medical board files complaint against Dr. Michael Kamrava Kamrava is obstetrician/gynecologist who provided in-vitro fertilization to Nadya Suleman Suleman had octuplets in 2009 ; she had already had six children via in-vitro
Baghdad  CNN  -- A camp housing Iranian dissidents in Iraq was attacked Saturday morning , leaving at least five dead and 40 wounded , Iraqi police said . The rocket and mortar attack occurred at Camp Hurriya , a onetime U.S. base formerly known as Camp Liberty , which is now the home of the Iranian exile group Mujahedin-e-Khalq . Accounts of the number of people killed and wounded in the attack vary . Shahriar Kia , an MEK spokesman , said the incident left six dead and more than 100 injured , some of them critically . He blamed one of the deaths on delays in getting the injured to the hospital . The U.S. State Department also listed six fatalities . It urged the Iraqi government to investigate the attack promptly and take all appropriate measures to enhance camp security . "  The terrorists responsible for this attack must be brought to justice , " said department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . Residents at the camp were vulnerable both because the attack happened when most were asleep and because many lack adequate shelter , said Kia . The residents are "  squeezed into a small area , without shelter , " said Kia . Protective concrete walls have also been removed from the site , he said . It 's not yet known who is responsible for the attack . MEK last year moved from Camp Ashraf in Diyala province to Camp Hurriya in Baghdad . Leaders of the dissident group had been reluctant to move to the new camp because of the conditions there , calling it more of a prison than a home when they first arrived . The group 's move to the base is intended as a temporary measure before members are resettled in third countries . Residents and their representatives and lawyers have appealed to the U.N. Secretary-General and U.S. officials to let them return to Ashraf , which they say has concrete buildings and shelters that offer more protection . The United States has been working with the U.N. High Commissioner of Refugees on the resettlement project . Martin Kobler , special representative for Iraq of the U.N. secretary-general , strongly condemned the attack on the camp , which "  led to the killing and injury of several residents . " Several Iraqi police officers were also wounded , he said in a statement . Kobler urged the Iraqi authorities to ensure that those who were injured get the medical care they need . He also called for the government to ensure the safety and security of the camp residents , as stipulated by the 2011 resettlement agreement , and promptly to investigate the attack and bring those behind it to justice . MEK was removed from a U.S. State Department terror list in September , following a decision by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The group was put on the list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations , which includes more than 50 groups like al Qaeda and Hezbollah , in 1997 because of the killing of six Americans in Iran in the 1970s and an attempted attack against the Iranian mission to the United Nations in 1992 . However , since 2004 the United States has considered the group , which spent more than 25 years at the Ashraf camp , "  noncombatants " and "  protected persons " under the Geneva Conventions . Iran still considers the group to be a terrorist organization . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Jen Deaton and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. calls for "  appropriate " measure to enhance camp security Iraqi police say at least five people are dead and 40 injured U.N special representative condemns attack on the camp , home to an exiled Iranian group Mujahedin-e-Khalq was removed from a State Department terror list last year
CNN  -- The blogging platform Tumblr -- which sits somewhere between Twitter and WordPress on the social media spectrum -- has become one of the more interesting places to watch the debate about the Occupy Wall Street protests unfold . On the Tumblr site "  We Are the 99 Percent , " people who sympathize with the New York-based protest movement are telling first-person stories of hardship and unemployment . Each post features a photo of its author holding up a paper sign that tells a bit of the person 's story and says "  We Are the 99 Percent , " a reference to the protestors ' concern that the top 1 % of Americans command much of the country 's wealth and power , leaving the rest to struggle . "  We are getting kicked out of our homes . We are forced to choose between groceries and rent . We are denied quality medical care . We are suffering from environmental pollution . We are working long hours for little pay and no rights , if we 're working at all , " a blog introduction says . "  We are getting nothing while the other 1 percent is getting everything . We are the 99 percent . " Here 's one post from Tuesday : "  My mom worked on Wall Street for almost 30 years . In 2008 , when the market crashed , the company she worked for shut down . The CEOs were taken care of , but all the loyal workers were left with nothing . My mom still has n't found work . I am the 99 percent . " And another : "  I 'm a small business owner . I just bought new work computers so my colleague and I can do our jobs . Now , I have no money for food for the next 3 days  next paycheck  . I 'm always one check away from eviction . I 'm one of the ` lucky ones . ' " On Tuesday night there were 77 pages filled with similar stories , and about a half-dozen posts on each page . As attention for that Tumblr page grew , a competing blog with a more conservative ideology came into being . The conservative "  We are the 53 % " Tumblr page says it represents the 53 % of Americans who must pay federal income tax  Most people who make less than $ 30,000 per year pay no major federal income taxes , according to a 2009 report from the non-partisan Tax Policy Center , as CNNMoney reports  . The assumption is that Occupy Wall Street protestors and sympathizers on the "  We Are the 99 Percent " site do n't pay taxes . "  I work 3 jobs . I have a house I ca n't sell . My family insurance costs are outrageous . But I do n't blame Wall Street . Shut it up you whiners . I am the 53 % subsidizing you so you can hang out on Wall Street and complain , " the introductory post on October 5 says . The 53 % blog was created by Erick Erickson , who also is an editor at the conservative site RedState.com , according to the Washington Post .  Erikson also is an occasional commentator for CNN  . The conservative Tumblr blog has six pages of posts , compared to 77 on the site sympathizing with Occupy Wall Street . "  I would love to hang out in in  sic  the park for a couple of weeks protesting the entitlement generation and radical egalitarianism , but I have a job to go to . Go figure , " another post says . Tumblr has become the site of choice for people organizing the Occupy Wall Street movement , which started in New York and has spread to many other cities in the United States , writes Jesse Emspak for DiscoveryNews . "  The site has been a force behind the Occupy Wall Street protests , growing the number of demonstrations from just dozens of people in late September to thousands , " he says . At The Atlantic , Rebecca Rosen says the "  We Are the 99 Percent " Tumblr page is the digital equivalent of bathroom stall graffiti -- "  allowing you to bear something private and maybe find someone else carrying around the same weight . " Along with the It Gets Better Project and PostSecret , the Tumblr account is part of an increasingly important medium called the "  collaborative confessional , " she says . "  This is self-service history , with no curator and no narrator . Some of the stories call out for follow-up questions , but there is no one to ask them , " Rosen writes . "  The results are raw and rough , but demonstrate that , with or without a Terkel , the power of personal narrative , whether on the radio , in a book , on YouTube , or on a Tumblr , can cut through the noise and cynicism of punditry and give shape and texture to our national story . "	"  We Are the 99 Percent " blog gains popularity on Tumblr People post messages about economic hardship on the site A rival , conservative site called "  We are the 53 % " launched That Tumblr page says it represents Americans who pay federal income taxes
Gaza City  CNN  -- It 's the hardest question in Gaza . In the twilight hours of Saturday , when the people of Gaza were breaking the daily Ramadan fast , fireballs illuminated the night sky . The Israeli military was intensifying its assault on Gaza militants in the Shaja'ia neighborhood near Gaza City . The battle had only just begun . As dawn broke Sunday , some barefoot , many looking dazed and haggard flooded from their smoldering neighborhood . Thousands walked along sidewalks , packed into cars , and piled onto donkey carts with only what they could carry : Some clothing , a bit of food . Most just had clothes on their backs . When CNN put this question to one Shaja'ia resident , with his family in tow , he broke into tears . "  Where are you going ? I just do n't know , " he replied . Nearby explosions prodded the family forward into the unknown . A barrage of rockets Gaza militants respond with a barrage of rockets . Another fleeing family waited for a car to ferry them to safety , but one member was missing . "  My mother refused to leave , " said Sameh Grega . "  She told me to leave her to die , but I will try to go back . " A temporary cease-fire later gave a CNN crew a glimpse of the inferno being fled . For many of those able to make it out , their destination will be the United Nations schools that have been turned into centers for those displaced . By Sunday afternoon , at least 81,000 people had arrived at 61 U.N. schools , and the number was likely to rise . It 's the largest number of internally displaced Gazans since Israel pulled out of the coastal strip in 2005 . A human surge found its way to the UN-run Rimal Girls School . The classrooms overflowed with civilians moving quickly without direction around the compound . The schoolyard is also a place for the latest news from home . One man found out his brother had been killed . No information yet about other members of his family . When word came that the shelter was full , rumors of a nearby school with space sent a stampede of families off again into the unknown . More than 60 killed For hundreds of Shaja'ia 's residents , safety never came . The lucky ones received a ride to a hospital . The Ministry of Health put the neighborhood wounded at more than 400 . More than 60 were killed . "  There are more women and children this time around and the doctors are shocked and depressed , " said Samantah Maurin with international aid group Doctors Without Borders . Maurin pointed to the lack of medical supplies which she describes as "  chronic and becoming more acute . " Officials at the hospital braced for an influx of injuries they know will come from Shaja'ia . "  Many people are underground , " said Dr. Nassar El Tatar , general manager of Shifa Hospital . "  We could not reach those people to extract them and there are surely dead people and wounded people and others will die if we ca n't get to them . " To retrieve those stuck in Shaja'ia , the International Committee of the Red Cross called for a ceasefire . For a moment the guns fall silent over Shaja'ia . Pleas for help Entering the densely populated neighborhood of roughly 100,000 residents , a CNN crew found a woman pleading for help . "  My son is in the house , " said Amira Hillis . "  He 's wounded . I called the Red Cross , I called for an ambulance but no one came . Can you help ? " On one street , a twisted pile of metal lay on the side of the road . Only the burned frame of a steering wheel revealed that it was any type of vehicle at all . In front of it was another ambulance -- its windows blasted out and its back door ajar . Bandages spilled into the rubble-strewn street . Debris was everywhere . Every window was shattered . Glass , pavement , and leaves mixed with gasoline . Snapped power and telephone lines hung from crooked poles . The smell of death mingled with the fumes of fuel . Paramedics rushed one motionless body away on a stretcher . A steady stream of ambulances rushed in and out of the shattered neighborhood , sirens wailing . A sense of urgency A sense of urgency gripped the remaining fleeing residents who refused to stop long enough to talk . They were on edge , alert for the presence of any nearby Israeli soldiers . A local journalist whispered , "  Do n't stay long . It 's not safe here . " He saw two men armed with AK-47 assault rifles slink away with purpose . The four-hour truce was shaky at best and at one point , it was said to have collapsed . It ultimately was extended until 5:30 p.m. Bassam , a young father holding his 1-year-old daughter , Hala , said he was going to take his family to a nearby U.N. school . But a man interrupted . "  It 's full , It 's full , " he shouted . Bassam , like many others , then had to ask himself Gaza 's toughest question , where would he go ? Netanyahu : Israel seeks ` sustainable quiet ' with Gaza Life in Gaza : Search for safety , or wait for destiny	For residents fleeing violence in one neighborhood , there are almost no options A CNN crew got a glimpse of the inferno being fled in Gaza Local schools acting as emergency shelters are overwhelmed "  Do n't stay long . It 's not safe here , " a local journalist tells CNN crew
Washington  CNN  -- In case you did n't notice , London is on fire . Rioters are setting blazes , hurling stones , beating up famous statues and some of them kicked Prince Charles ' car . Which is a little like beating up a statue , but still ... Students have come unhinged over a plan to triple university fees . The government says it had to approve the increase to fight soaring budget problems . Americans are , of course , quite different from the Brits in many ways . But our young people certainly have this in common : Here , as there , tuition rates have steadily risen , job opportunities for graduates have grown more scarce , and the prospects of maintaining the "  good life " so many younger folks enjoy now have dimmed . And history has shown time and again , that when young people get upset they have a nasty tendency to take it to the streets . Which has me wondering if maybe we 're setting the stage for similar unrest here on the American side of the pond . We have a deficit problem . We 're talking about hefty cuts of services and/or tax increases . And we always seem to have reasonable numbers of disaffected youth , no matter how many iPhones we buy for them . Now , I would never want to encourage wild civil disobedience . To the contrary , I was one of the first reporters on the streets for ABC News during the 1992 Los Angeles riots . I spent 50 straight hours in the fray amid smashing bottles , rampant looting , occasional gunshots and more major building fires than I could count . "  You need to get out of here , right now ! " a shop owner shouted at me shortly after the mob sacked his place . "  You 're going to get killed . " More than 50 people were killed . Hundreds of others were hurt . It was fascinating , especially the guy I saw carrying a looted refrigerator from Sears entirely on his own , but it was also dangerous , destructive , and in the end , pointless . Note to potential rampagers : Wrecking your own neighborhood does little to improve the conditions that made you mad in the first place . That said , however , circumstances now appear favorable for some sort of similar outbreak of mob violence , given the right catalyst . First , unemployment is high . When people lose their paychecks , they get irritable . Combine the frustration of these folks with a job market that stubbornly refuses to give them any hope and you can see how fear of long-term joblessness can turn into anger -- at big business , at the government , at society in general . The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows Los Angeles County had almost 11 % unemployment in 1992 . It has n't been that high since . Um , except for now . Last year it smashed that ceiling and is now well over 12 % . Second , political and cultural divisions are deep and deepening . I have a caveat to add here . My travels and a variety of polls have suggested that regular voters are substantially more interested in cooperation , compromise and moderation than the hard core partisans who dominate Washington politics . But the parties , as the current Bush tax cuts fight shows , are still often more compelled by the idea of making their opponents lose than in helping the whole nation win . Compromise is what keeps fights from happening in most of America . In D.C. it is a dirty word . And again , we can look to Europe to see parallels . They , too , have watched the gulf widen between opposing political parties as the economy has strained each ruling majority to find quick solutions or pay the price at the polls . Third , the hard times are far from over . Even as the nation emerges  we hope  from the recession , all the warning signs say high unemployment , low housing values , rising taxes and much lower limits on what government can afford may well be the new normal . And one more time , the similarities hold true . Europe has a long slog ahead of it too , with likely many more privations that will profoundly affect the plans and ambitions of the young . None of this means that rioting is inevitable . As I mentioned above , there would have to be a catalyst , some event or decision that spurred all that potential angry energy into action . Figuring out what the catalyst might be requires less scientist than psychic . But remember the health care town hall meetings ? No one initially expected them to be as explosive as they were , and yet several bordered on getting out of control . There is also this : Every society has some folks in it who are really just aching for a good riot . One of the best reads about riots is Bill Buford 's book , "  Among the Thugs . " Buford spent time with English soccer hooligans trying to understand what drove them to tear cities apart when their teams lost , or won , or tied , or just showed up at the stadium . Part of what he found is that soccer had little to do with it . The hooligans used their rioting as a steam valve , a way to crash against the barriers of social limits , express their fury over their lot in life and generally spice up otherwise boring weekends . Ultimately , they fought because they liked fighting . What might keep us from having riots ? Well , there is inertia . Getting people motivated enough to storm the Bastille is not as easy as it looks , and despite our troubles we are still a wealthy society . When you have enough entertainment and life is not completely unbearable , it 's hard to persuade the crowd to gather pitchforks . But the question "  Why do riots start ? " remains largely an enigma , despite many efforts to produce an answer . We may be able to trace any given riot back to its roots , but that information does n't seem to help us much in preventing the next one . I do n't know if we are headed for riots now . I hope not , because I have seen how terrible they can be . But my experience tells me that the conditions , like dry woods in a season of lightning , are favorable for a fire . And once it starts , putting it out can prove costly and difficult . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Foreman .	Tom Foreman wonders if U.S. might have unrest similar to Britain 's He saw rioting first-hand while working in Los Angeles in 1992 Foreman says figuring out what would trigger a riot is extremely difficult
CNN  -- Desperate times call for desperate measures . After a humbling League Cup defeat at the hands of lowly Sunderland , and with the reigning English champions a distant seventh in the Premier League table , Manchester United have broken the bank to bring in Juan Mata from Chelsea . A club record fee of # 37.1 million  $ 61 million  was confirmed by the club late Saturday after the Spaniard passed a medical and agreed personal terms . The fee trumps # 30.75 million  $ 51 million  that United paid Tottenham Hotspur for Dimitar Berbatov in 2008 . WorldSportBlog : How not to appoint a football manager In a statement released on Manchester United 's official website Mata said : "  I am thrilled to be joining United . I have enjoyed some very happy years at Chelsea but the time has come for a new challenge . "  United is the perfect place for me and I am excited at the chance I have to be part of the next phase in the club 's history . "  Chelsea is a top club and I have many friends there but you can not turn down the chance to join Manchester United . I look forward to helping the manager and the team be successful in the coming years . " Manager David Moyes praised the 25-year-old describing him as "  one of the finest playmakers in the game today " while drawing attention to his impressive haul of 32 goals and 28 assists during his previous two seasons at Stamford Bridge . "  I have been impressed with the excitement he has shown to be part of the new Manchester United . I know our fans have admired Juan for some time now -- he has always played well against us -- and I know they will be delighted to see him in the red of United , starting on Tuesday . " Mata 's signing provides a much-needed fillip for a beleaguered Moyes who is enduring a nightmare start to his Old Trafford tenure . Moyes , 50 , was the man chosen by the United hierarchy to replace Alex Ferguson , the legendary Scottish manager who retired in May after 26 years trophy-laden years at the helm having ensconced the club firmly at the pinnacle of domestic and European football . But elimination from both domestic cup competitions and a disastrous defence of the club 's league title -- United sits 14 points behind leaders Arsenal -- have exposed the weaknesses in United 's squad and led to suggestions former Everton manager Moyes ca n't cut it at football 's top table . Moyes will be relieved to have finally secured the signature of a high-profile transfer target , following failed pursuits of star names such as Cesc Fabregas and a reported bid for Gareth Bale during the summer window . United 's challenge has not been helped by injuries to key attackers Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney , with the latter casting a shadow over the early days of Moyes ' by allegedly agitating for a move away from the club . The signing of Mata will bolster United 's attack and the Spanish playmaker will be hoping he can propel his new team into the latter stages of the European Champions League and , in the process , secure his place in Spain 's squad for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . United 's participation in next season 's Champions League is in doubt , with the team six points off fourth place and the final qualification spot for Europe 's elite competition . Moyes ' decision to plunge into the January market is at odds with the philosophy of his illustrious predecessor . "  Buying in January has seldom been a route we have taken , " Ferguson said in December 2011 . "  Unless a player we have always been interested in comes along ... it is not suitable for us . " Chelsea 's decision to sell Mata has also been questioned . Mata has been voted Chelsea 's Player of the Year in each of the past two seasons , but he has found himself an increasingly peripheral figure since Mourinho 's second spell as manager of the Stamford Bridge club began in June . The former Valencia player has started just 11 of Chelsea 's 22 league matches , with Mourinho deeming Mata surplus to requirements in his bid to win a third Premier League title with the London club . Read more : And the World Cup song is ... Read more : Dial 999 for Alex Ferguson	Manchester United confirm signing of Juan Mata for club record # 37.1 million Spanish international hoping to revitalize career after falling out of favor at Mourinho 's Chelsea Mata : "  United is the perfect place for me and I am excited at the chance . " Moyes : " I know our fans have admired Juan for some time now . "
CNN  -- World football officials are defending their refusal to allow the Iranian women 's soccer team to wear head scarves while playing in an Olympic qualifying round in Amman , Jordan . FIFA safety rules enacted last year allow women to wear "  a cap that covers their head to the hairline , but which does not extend below the ears to cover the neck , " according to a statement released by FIFA Monday . Iran 's coach chose to forfeit last Friday 's match with Jordan rather than dressing players in the smaller FIFA-approved head covering . "  Despite initial assurances that the Iranian delegation understood this , the players came out wearing the hijab , and the head and neck totally covered , which was an infringement of the laws of the game , " FIFA said . Three players on Jordan 's team who wanted to wear hijab scarves for religious reason also sat out the match , FIFA said . The FIFA statement concluded that match officials "  decided to apply correctly the laws of the game , which ended in the match being abandoned . "	FIFA defend their decision to ban players from wearing hijab scarves during matches Iran 's women 's team chose to forfeit match with Jordan rather than remove scarves FIFA banned the hijab in 2007 because of potential choking danger
CNN  -- The Secretary of the Navy issued censure letters Friday to four naval officers for the roles they played in a series of raunchy videos shown aboard the USS Enterprise between 2005 and 2007 , a spokesman said . The letters , which can not be appealed , effectively end the officers ' careers as they will prevent promotion , said Navy spokesman Capt. Danny Hernandez . Capt. Owen Honors , who lost command of the aircraft carrier soon after the videos were made public , was issued a letter . Letters were also issued to Rear Adms . Lawrence Rice and Ron Horton , who were commanders of the Enterprise at the time Honors , then the ship 's second-in-command , was making and showing the videos . Capt. John Dixon , former executive officer of the Enterprise who took over as second-in-command after Honors , also was censured . Adm. John Harvey , head of Fleet Forces Command , said this month that in addition to the top brass , he would send nonpunitive "  letters of caution " to 32 officers and sailors who helped produce and broadcast the videos . Those letters will not become part of those individuals ' permanent files . In January , Harvey removed Honors as commanding officer of the Enterprise , claiming that the captain demonstrated poor judgement with videos he created on the carrier between 2005 and 2007 . The videos , which mocked gays and simulated masturbation and naked shower scenes , created an uproar when they became public . Honors claimed that the videos were morale boosters and helped inform the crew about important issues . Naval investigators found 55 videos stored on the carrier 's computer system , and 25 were determined to be vulgar and objectionable and in violation of proper behavior , Harvey has said . Shortly after news of the videos broke , the Enterprise left for the Middle East with a new commanding officer . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Secretary of the Navy issues letters of censure to four naval officers Raunchy videos were shown to the crew of the USS Enterprise Among the censured is ship 's captain , who created videos between 2005 and 2007 Capt. Owen Honors was ship 's No. 2 at the time ; his captain also is censured
BELGRADE , Serbia  CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Belgrade is evacuating all nonessential personnel following Thursday 's attack on the building by a crowd of protesters , a spokesman for the embassy told CNN Friday . Serbian riot police stand in front of the damaged U.S. Embassy in Belgrade on Friday . The U.S. ambassador , Cameron Munter , is staying , officials said . The embassy was closed Friday , and a handful of riot police holding shields stood outside the building , its outer walls blackened from fires set the night before and some of its windows smashed . It will remain closed until Monday or Tuesday so officials can assess the damage , said Bill Wanlund , the embassy 's spokesman . He said embassy staff were still in a heightened state of alert but there were no specific threats against any staff members . The United States has warned the Serbian government that it has a responsibility to protect its assets . A top U.S. diplomat was asked during an interview on CNN if the Serbian government "  gets " the warning . "  They 'd better get it , because they have a fundamental responsibility to protect our diplomats and our embassy and to protect American citizens , " said Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs R. Nicholas Burns . "  What happened yesterday in Belgrade was absolutely reprehensible . " Watch Burns ' angry comments on Belgrade attack " Thursday 's violence erupted after demonstrations by thousands of Serbs against Kosovo 's declaration of independence . The anger directed against the United States and other countries for recognizing the breakaway province as a nation sparked attacks on Western embassies and shops by hundreds of people . Burns said there was an "  insufficient " number of security people guarding the U.S. Embassy at a demonstration everyone knew would take place . He said security "  melted away " as "  the mob attacked our embassy . " "  This kind of thing should not happen in a civilized country . It does n't happen in the United States of America . It does n't happen in most world capitals . So the Serb government needs to reflect seriously about the responsibility it has under the Vienna Convention , " he said . Burns , the third highest ranking diplomat in the State Department , said he told the Serbian prime minister , Vojislav Kostunica , and his government that the U.S. "  would hold them personally responsible for the safety of our people . " "  They assured me that they would have adequate security on the ground today and for every day to come . We will hold them to that commitment , " Burns said . Demonstrators only managed to break into one U.S. embassy building , which Wanlund said was rarely used by staff . He said the protesters did n't manage to get any documents or embassy materials . Only Marines and security guards were present at the embassy when the angry mob of about 100 approached the walls . In addition to the U.S. Embassy , the protesters attacked other Western interests including the embassies of Britain and Germany , as well as a McDonald 's restaurant and a Nike shop . "  One might understand the emotion , but not the violence , and that 's what the Serb government needs to remember , " Burns said . Burns , who is stepping down in March , has long been involved in trying to resolve tensions in the former Yugoslavia . The situation was complicated by Sunday 's unilateral declaration of independence by Serbia 's predominantly Albanian region of Kosovo . Kosovo is revered historically by Orthodox Christian Serbs but also is claimed as separate and distinct by its ethnic Muslim Albanians . The wisdom of recognizing Kosovo independence has been questioned by many observers , who say the United States wo n't recognize other unilateral declarations of independence . Some opponents of Kosovo 's independence say recognition is a bad precedent if it 's unilateral and not done in a bilateral , diplomatic setting . They say it will give others the incentive to stage their own breakaway nations . Burns said every situation has its unique set of circumstances , as does Kosovo , which was the victim of ethnic cleansing policies by the Slobodan Milosevic regime in 1999 . NATO troops fought Serbia in an air war then and pushed Serbian forces out of the region . Since then Kosovo has been run by the United Nations and with security supplied by NATO forces . E-mail to a friend	U.S. : An event like embassy attack "  should not happen in a civilized country " U.S. warns Serbia of responsibility to protect U.S. diplomats , building Embassy evacuating nonessential personnel ; ambassador will stay in Belgrade No embassy documents taken during Thursday attack and fire , spokesman says
CNN  -- WikiLeaks has published a secret U.S. diplomatic cable listing places the United States considers vital to its national security , prompting criticism that the website is inviting terrorist attacks on American interests . State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said the disclosure "  gives a group like al Qaeda a targeting list . " The sites are included in a lengthy cable the State Department sent in February 2009 to its posts around the world , asking American diplomats to identify installations overseas "  whose loss could critically impact the public health , economic security , and/or national and homeland security of the United States . " The diplomats identified dozens of places on every continent , including mines , manufacturing complexes , ports and research establishments . CNN is not publishing specific details from the list , which refers to pipelines and undersea telecommunications cables as well as the location of minerals or chemicals critical to U.S. industry . The list also mentions dams close to the U.S. border and a telecommunications hub whose destruction might seriously disrupt global communications . Diplomats also identified sites of strategic importance for supplying U.S. forces and interests abroad , such as in the Strait of Hormuz , the Persian Gulf and the Panama Canal . The cable is classified secret and not for review by non-U.S. personnel . The United States and Great Britain condemned the disclosure . "  There are strong and valid reasons for classifying vital information , including the identification of critical infrastructure that is important to not only our society and economy , but those of other countries , " Crowley said Monday . "  Without discussing any particular cable , the release of this kind of information gives a group like al Qaeda a targeting list , " he said . "  This is why we have condemned WikiLeaks for what it has done . " Later , on the microblogging site Twitter , Crowley said WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange -- now facing extradition to Sweden in connection with a rape investigation -- "  threatens to put others at risk to save his own hide . " British Prime Minister David Cameron said in a statement that the publication is "  damaging to national security in the United States , Britain and elsewhere . " And Malcolm Rifkind , chairman of the Parliamentary Intelligence and Security Committee in Britain , said the list was "  a gift to any terrorist  group  trying to work out what are the ways in which it can damage the United States . " "  It is grossly improper and irresponsible " for Assange and his website to publish that information , he said . WikiLeaks , which facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information , published the list of sensitive sites as part of a larger disclosure of what it says are 250,000 U.S. State Department documents that were never meant for public view . The site began publishing the first of those quarter-million documents last week . Since then , the site has been hit with denial-of-service attacks , which seek to make a website unavailable . It also has been kicked off servers in the United States and France , and it lost a major revenue source on Friday , when U.S.-based PayPal cut off its account . On Sunday , WikiLeaks appealed to supporters worldwide to mirror its website , saying the site "  is under heavy attack . In order to make it impossible to ever fully remove WikiLeaks from the Internet , we need your help . " In a message sent on Twitter on Monday , WikiLeaks said it had several hundred mirror sites -- websites at other online addresses that have the same content as WikiLeaks . Assange , 39 , is wanted by Swedish authorities on allegations of sex crimes , including rape . He has denied the allegations , but his whereabouts have been undisclosed since WikiLeaks began publishing the documents last week . Investigators have focused much of their effort on finding Assange in Britain , where U.S. investigative activity is being conducted by the Defense Department , a senior law enforcement official said Friday .	NEW : State Department blasts WikiLeaks for publishing list Locations listed worldwide could hurt national security if damaged or destroyed WikiLeaks says several hundred sites now mirror its content
CNN  -- Few television specials capture the magic and fun of Halloween like the animated classic "  It 's the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown . " In case it 's been awhile , the 45-year-old hit follows Linus ' quest to connect with the Great Pumpkin , a Santa-like gift-giver , in spite of everyone 's biting disbelief . Meanwhile , like a little Rodney Dangerfield , Charlie Brown gets a lot more disrespect and more tricks than treats like only he can . As it has for the past 10 years , ABC will be broadcasting "  It 's the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown " at 8 p.m. Thursday October 27 , making it just one of the tasty treats couch potatoes can anticipate . But all the offerings are n't cute and cuddly and for those looking for chills , there are a handful of scary choices that will have you screaming up a storm . Read on for more titles : ` Truth or Scare '  Halloween marathon 3-7 p.m. Friday , October 28 ; repeating 1-3 p.m. Monday , October 31 , The Hub  : Host Michelle Trachtenberg  "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer "  goes deep to explore haunted houses , mythical beasts , and ancient legends around the globe in a scary bunch of "  Truth or Scare " episodes that will delight the whole family . ` Halloween H2O : 20 Years Later '  8 p.m. Friday , October 28 , AMC  : Get ready to scream when Michael Myers and Laurie Strode  Jamie Lee Curtis  return for the series ' seventh installment . The 1998 film is a part of AMC 's annual "  Fearfest . " The festival of screams includes the third installment of "  The Walking Dead " airing 9 p.m. Sunday , October 30 . In it , a mob of hungry zombies continues to trap poor Shane  Jon Bernthal  in a school ` Grimm '  debuts 9 p.m. Friday October 28 , NBC  : Detective Nick Burkhardt  David Giuntoli , "  Turn The Beat Around "  discovers he is a descendant of the Grimms , an elite line of profilers charged with keeping the balance between humanity and mythological creatures . In his first case , Nick must stop a big , bad wolf from killing girls in red . ` The Dead Files '  10 p.m. Friday October 28 , Travel Channel  : Hosts Amy Allan and Steve Di Schiavi investigate a historic Florida hotel where the owners and guests have been tormented by frighteningly real visions . ` Possessing Piper Rose '  9 p.m. Saturday , October 29 , Lifetime  : Rebecca Romijn  "  Ugly Betty " and "  X-Men "  plays a woman who adopts a little girl . That 's innocent enough , right ? Too bad the little girl 's deceased mom is a ghostly stalker . ` The Good Witch 's Family '  9 p.m. Saturday October 29 , Hallmark Channel  : Catherine Bell  "  Army Wives " and "  JAG "  is back to charm more viewers . In the fourth installment of the Hallmark Channel 's highest rated movie series , Cassandra  Bell  meets a woman who says she 's a long lost relative . ` Bucket & Sinner 's Epic Adventures '  9:30 p.m. Saturday , October 29 , Nickelodeon  : In an episode titled "  Epic Haunting , " Bucket and Skinner 's latest plan to achieve epic status has them spending the night in an infamously haunted house . ` The Simpsons '  8 p.m. Sunday , October 30 , Fox  : Everyone 's favorite animated family will kick off its 22nd annual "  Treehouse of Horror " episode . The funny installment features three spine-chilling tales with sidesplitting nods to "  The Diving Bell and Butterfly , " "  Avatar " and "  Dexter . " Expect equally creepy and fun episodes from "  Family Guy " and "  The Cleveland Show " later that night . ` The Sing Off '  8 p.m. Monday October 31 , NBC  : The remaining a cappella groups continue to compete . But the haunted holiday twist has them singing spooky hits including "  Werewolves of London " and "  Ghostbusters . " ` The Nate Berkus Show '  Monday , October 31 , syndicated , check your local listings for times and stations  : Home guru Nate Berkus and HGTV 's Dina Manzo , formerly of "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey , " create the ultimate Halloween table top in time for the holiday .	` It 's the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown , ' there is also scarie "  Halloween H2O : 20 Years Later " is just one of the offerings on TV The festival of screams includes the third installment of "  The Walking Dead "
TOKYO , Japan -- Three-time grand prix winner Norifumi Abe of Japan has been killed in a street crash when his 500cc scooter collided with a truck making an illegal U-turn , police have revealed on Monday . Abe won two grand prix in Japan and another in Brazil during the 1990s . The 32-year-old ploughed into the truck while it was turning in the Tokyo suburb of Kawasaki . In 1994 , while racing in his home championship , Abe had a chance to race at the 1994 Japanese Grand Prix as a ` wild card ' . He was challenging strongly for a remarkable victory until three corners from the finish when he fell off . His impressed Kenny Roberts ' Yamaha team sufficiently to be offered two more rides in the 500cc championship that year . Abe finished sixth in both and was given a full-time 500cc ride for the 1995 season . He took his first podium finish in 1995 , and his first win and fifth overall a year later . He moved to the D'Antin team in 1999 , won at Rio that year , and won again at Suzuka a year later , amidst two seasons on less competitive machinery , in which his solid finishing ensured that his 100 per cent record of top 10 championship finishes continued . Abe was less happy under MotoGP regulations but when he was moved to Yamaha 's returning World Superbike squad for 2005 , despite having less support than Noriyuki Haga and Andrew Pitt , he finished in the championship top 10 . In 2006 he did not make a podium and this year he competed in the All-Japan Superbike Championship , again on a Yamaha . E-mail to a friend	Three-time 500cc winner Norifumi Abe has been killed in a road accident The 32-year-old 's scooter was in collision with a truck in Kawasaki , Japan Abe won two grand prix races in his native Japan and another one in Brazil
CNN  -- In "  Black Diamond , " best-selling author Martin Walker uncovers the trouble behind truffles . Before you crack open the pages of Walker 's new novel , make sure and pour yourself a glass of red wine . Better have some cheese with a baguette close at hand too , because this book is deliciously good . The title , "  Black Diamond " refers to France 's highly-prized truffles of the same name . They 're knobby , round , roughly the size of a golf ball and so sought-after that a pound will cost you several thousand dollars . Set in the south of France , specifically the Perigord region , this is Walker 's third mystery featuring Bruno Courreges , chief of police in the sleepy town of St. Denis . This time out , Chief Bruno must investigate a price-fixing scandal involving the international multimillion-dollar truffle market . There 's a murder -- two of them , in fact -- arson and a conspiracy , Asian thugs and some unsavory secrets from France 's colonial past . While the plot is a page-turner , the real allure of this novel lies with the author 's other ingredients : the rich French food , the historical detail of the picturesque region and the eccentric cast of characters , including a truffle-hunting basset hound named Gigi . It 's an enticing mix of the savory and suspenseful , a recipe for a great read . Besides his career as a novelist , Walker is also a senior director of the Global Business Policy Council , a private think-tank based in Washington , He is a historian , an award-winning journalist and editor emeritus at United Press International . CNN spoke to him recently from his home in France . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : For new readers , tell me more about Chief Bruno and how he became the hero of your series ? Walker : When we bought a holiday home in the Perigord region of France , I joined the local tennis club and met a wonderful man , our village policeman , who became my tennis partner , my good friend and my guide and teacher on French cooking , hunting , how to train dogs , make jam and enjoy the splendidly relaxed and convivial way of life . He 's a man who understands the difference between the law and justice and he keeps the peace in an admirably low-key way . He spends his mornings teaching the local children to play rugby in winter and tennis in summer . We have no crime , because all the kids grew up knowing him and would hate to disappoint him . He struck me as a marvelous character for a novel , and then as a reporter I was covering the 2005 riots in Paris when young immigrants began torching cars by the thousand , and I knew I wanted to write about Europe 's big challenge of adapting to large-scale immigration and about the way the modern world and globalization impacts a small , traditional community like mine . And so I had my theme , my plot and my hero . CNN : Your new book focuses on the multimillion-dollar truffle trade . Tell me more about this big business . Walker : Truffles are at the heart of classic French cuisine . They are the emperor of mushrooms , with a strange power to perfume and flavor and enhance a dish , from meat and eggs and cheese to a dessert like crÃ ¨ me brulee . The truffles of Perigord , the famous Black Diamonds , are the most renowned and along with the white truffles of Piedmont are the most expensive , selling for over $ 2,000 a kilo for the finest quality . In a good year , the Perigord will produce over 50 tons , which adds up to a $ 100 million industry . In recent years , fraud has crept into the market , in the form of cheap Chinese truffles , which is part of my story . And most Perigord truffles are found the traditional way , by trained dogs searching and digging in the woods . These ` wild ' truffles are incomparably better than the farmed variety people are trying to produce in plantations . Favored locations for truffles are a closely guarded family secret , and we even had one recent case of a truffle hunter shooting at someone trespassing on ` his ' favorite spot . CNN : Your books are filled with mouth-watering details on French food and wine . Like Bruno , are you also a master chef and wine connoisseur ? Walker : A strange thing about the wonderful food of Perigord , with its ducks and venison , its foie gras and truffles and fine wines , is that it turns out to be a healthy diet . People in Perigord have the lowest rate of heart disease in France , but it can be tough on the waistline . Luckily it 's an outdoor life with lots of sport and exercise , and lots of walking in the woods to find truffles and hunting for venison and wild boar and game birds like the becasse . I love to cook , but I 'm not in the same class as my wife or Pierrot , my policeman friend . It 's a wonderful hobby because I 'm always learning and it gives friends and family so much pleasure . It made me start my own vegetable and herb garden and now I 've even started keeping chickens to produce my own eggs with glorious golden yellow yolks . I call my cockerel Sarko , after the French president  Sarkozy  , and all the hens are named after women politicians . So far , Angela Merkel lays the most eggs , Margaret Thatcher is the bully who gets to the food first , Hillary Clinton will eat anything and Carla Bruno is the pretty one . Wine is one of the great pleasures of life , and between the great wines of Bordeaux and the much cheaper  but very good  wines of the Bergerac I 'm spoiled for choice . Increasingly I buy wines direct from vineyards that I know and visit , often buying en primeur , which means I buy it this year and collect it next year or the year after it has matured in the barrel . My friends and neighbors all have their favorites , and we swap wines and drink together and compare notes over a good meal , and often it 's not the most expensive wines that give the most pleasure , but a wine that somehow perfectly matches the food , the mood and the company . CNN : Your books paint an idyllic picture of life in the French countryside , how would you describe it ? Walker : We know that human beings have lived in the valley of the river Vezere , which is my home , for over 40,000 years . This is the centre of pre-history and the great cave paintings of Lascaux are just up the road . The Romans built a town near here and the invading Arab armies in the eighth century crossed the river near my house on their way to their historic defeat at the battle of Tours , when the Frankish army saved Europe for Christendom . The valley is filled with castles from the Hundred Years War , with chateaus from the centuries of French elegance , and it was also an important battleground between the French resistance and the Nazi occupation in World War II . I love this sense of living history , and try to bring it into my books . It 's a key part of the unique charm of the Perigord , and along with its food and wines , its warm and gentle climate , its enchanting landscape and lovely old stone buildings and friendly people , it adds up to a little corner of paradise and I love it dearly . So if my books are not just crime novels , but also a little bit travel books and a little bit cookery books and a little bit history , they are also in a way love Read some of Chief Bruno 's favorite recipes on Martin Walker 's website .	"  Black Diamond " refers to France 's highly-prized truffles of the same name This is Walker 's third mystery featuring chief of police Bruno Courreges The real allure of this novel are the author 's enticing details of the south of France
RollingStone.com  -- "  Saturday Night Live " is recruiting some breakout star power for its 40th season debut . Ariana Grande , following the chart-topping success of her second album , "  My Everything , " will serve as musical guest , while Chris Pratt , star of the blockbuster superhero flick "  Guardians of the Galaxy , " will host the premiere episode , which airs on September 27 . The season 's second episode , set for October 4 , will mark the "  SNL " hosting debut of comedian-actress  and former "  SNL " cast member  Sarah Silverman , with Maroon 5 making their fifth overall appearance as musical guest . Silverman 's latest comedy album , "  We Are Miracles "  taken from her Emmy-winning HBO stand-up special  will hit shelves on September 23 ; Maroon 5 released their fifth LP , "  V , " earlier this month . 50 greatest ` SNL ' sketches of all time The 40th season of "  SNL " will feature more tweaks among its ever-shifting cast . NoÃ "  l Wells and John Milhiser , both featured players last season , and cast member Brooks Wheelan were dismissed from the sketch series earlier this summer , while five-season veteran Nasim Pedrad departed to co-star on the new Fox series "  Mulaney "  executive-produced by longtime "  SNL " boss , Lorne Michaels  . An unconfirmed Deadline report also speculated that featured player and former writer Michael Patrick O'Brien could shift back to the writing staff or join Colin Jost for a co-hosting stint on "  Weekend Update . " But the show 's biggest shake-up is a permanent one : Season 40 will be the first in decades without the booming voice of announcer Don Pardo , who died last month at age 96 . ` Saturday Night Live ' announcer Don Pardo dies The always-smooth pro was an NBC employee throughout his storied 70-year career , working as an announcer for several shows before being hired for "  SNL " in 1975 . Pardo 's signature vocal delivery was a staple on the series for 38 seasons . See the original story at RollingStone.com Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Ariana Grande and Chris Pratt will be on "  SNL 's " season 40 premiere The following episode will feature Sarah Silverman and Maroon 5 "  SNL " is facing a lot of changes this season
Canton , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A Massachusetts judge on Thursday unsealed testimony by Mitt Romney in a lawsuit linked to a colleague 's contentious divorce battle more than 20 years ago . The Boston Globe , with the support of attorney Gloria Allred , sought to make public the testimony Romney gave in the lawsuit that followed the divorce between Tom Stemberg , a co-founder of business supply chain Staples , and Maureen Stemberg Sullivan . While heading Boston private equity firm Bain Capital , Romney worked closely in the 1980s with Stemberg in the development of Staples . Stemberg spoke at the Republican National Convention in August that nominated Romney for president . A Massachusetts state court judge , Jennifer Ulwick , granted the Boston Globe 's request for the testimony , but refused to lift a gag order that prevents Stemberg Sullivan from talking about her dealings and interactions with Romney . Lawyers for Stemberg and Romney told Thursday 's hearing they had no objection to releasing the Romney testimony to the Boston Globe . Ulwick said the Romney testimony was being released to the newspaper without restrictions . Allred announced after the hearing she would provide copies of the Romney transcripts to other media outlets . The Boston Globe petitioned the court on October 15 to release Romney 's testimony in the lawsuit filed in 1990 , but Ulwick said at an initial hearing on Wednesday that she believed the documents had been destroyed . However , Allred and Stemberg Sullivan urged the court to agree to the newspaper 's request and , in a surprise move , provided two volumes of Romney 's testimony to the court . Stemberg 's attorney also admitted to having additional transcripts from the decades-old case . Allred revealed Thursday that her office discovered a third volume of testimony overnight and was additionally seeking to amend the original gag order in the divorce proceedings that date back to 1989 . "  My client has been denied her First Amendment right , " Allred said . "  She apparently is the only person the United States of America , maybe even the world , who can not speak about Governor Romney . " Ulwick refused to rule on the request to modify or lift the gag order , saying the only motion before the court was the newspaper 's request for the testimony . Allred indicated she would file a separate motion seeking to amend the gag order . Boston Globe editor Martin Baron said the newspaper only wanted to obtain the transcript of a presidential candidate 's testimony . "  We wanted to read it to see what was there , following standard practice in covering a major election , and we are pleased that the court recognized the great public interest in Governor Romney 's testimony , " Baron said in a statement that was reported by the Globe . CNN 's Ashley Killough and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The Boston Globe sought Mitt Romney 's testimony related to a colleague 's divorce The divorce involved Staples co-founder Tom Stemberg , who worked with Romney A gag order on Stemberg 's ex-wife remains in place The divorce and ensuing lawsuit happened more than 20 years ago
CNN  -- Wimbledon holds a special place in the tennis calendar , an elegant tournament rich with tradition , style and sporting majesty . The modern era of the men 's game there has been defined by the legacy of Pete Sampras , who won a record seven titles in eight years . However , it was not exactly love at first sight for the confident young American , who -- despite winning his first grand slam at the age of 19 -- suffered early exits in his first three visits to the famous grass-court venue . "  I did n't like grass at all and when people ask me about grass and when I first went over there , I tell them I hated Wimbledon . I hated the surface , " he told CNN . Calendar of the court : The six seasons of the tennis year But , speaking to Open Court 's Pat Cash , a fellow Wimbledon champion , Sampras quickly qualified his remarks . "  I loved Wimbledon and what it meant , but the surface felt uncomfortable . I just did n't like it , I was a hard-court guy , a Californian kid . "  On hard courts the ball is going to be just there , but with grass you have to adjust , so the first two , three years I had to adjust and came out with a bad attitude . " Sampras paid tribute to his former coach Tim Gullikson , who tragically lost his life to brain cancer in 1996 . The ` owner ' of Wimbledon "  He helped me . I had these long swings , and he shortened them up and told me my attitude had to be more positive at Wimbledon , " the 40-year-old recalled . The fruits of their labors came in 1992 when Sampras advanced to the semifinals before being beaten by big-serving Croatian Goran Ivanisevic , who subsequently lost to Andre Agassi in the final . Success was just around the corner the following year . "  Mentally I felt better . By '92 I felt really comfortable , I was the owner of the place for the next seven years . " Only a quarterfinal defeat to eventual winner Richard Kracijek in 1996 interrupted an incredible run which saw Sampras claim seven of the next eight Wimbledon crowns . His 1999 victory in the final over Agassi in straight sets was rated one of his best performances as he demolished his arch-rival . "  That sixth Wimbledon  title  against Andre I got in the zone , " he said . "  I felt if I was serving well , I would do well , get into the net , be aggressive . It was bit more high risk , I was okay with that . " In 2001 , Sampras was beaten in the fourth round by a youthful Roger Federer as he sought an eighth Wimbledon title , and he retired the following year after winning the U.S. Open in fairytale fashion . He is still involved in tennis and plays the occasional exhibition or seniors Champions Tour event , but spends most of his time with his wife Bridgette Wilson and their two children at his home in California . Federer domination Federer began his era of domination in 2003 , but the 16-time grand slam champion is still one short of the Wimbledon record held by Sampras -- whose tally is matched only by the seven won by Britain 's William Renshaw in the tournament 's formative years of the 1880s . Sampras believes that the Swiss maestro can still claim another , but he may struggle with world No. 1 Novak Djokovic -- who he was to face in Friday 's semifinals -- and Rafael Nadal in their prime . "  Roger needs to find a way to be creative , stick to his game and serve and volley now and again , " Sampras said . "  He 's won 16 majors in a certain way , he 's not going to change now . " The task of giving Federer advice falls to his current coach Paul Annacone , who also guided Sampras in the latter part of his career . The American acknowledges the difference in their playing styles but told CNN that both shared a key ingredient to success . "  Both these guys are superstars in regards to handling pressure , " Annacone said . Sampras accepts that his style of big serving and volleying at Wimbledon is from a bygone era , and he regrets its passing . "  It 's sad to see Wimbledon today with the players staying back , with the balls being different , but grass is grass -- you can still get into the net but it 's a lost art , and it 's unfortunate . "	Pete Sampras admits he "  hated " playing on Wimbledon 's grass in his early years American legend took time to adapt to the bounce of the London surface Sampras won seven titles from 1993-2000 as he dominated at SW19 Roger Federer is still bidding to equal the men 's record held by Sampras
