CNN  -- Like two heavyweight boxers slugging it out over 12 rounds , Briny Baird and Bryce Molder stood toe-to-toe . With darkness descending , the pair traded blows for a remarkable two hours before Molder , at 31 eight years Baird 's junior , triumphed in the longest and most dramatic golfing playoff of 2011 . In the end , Molder 's six-foot birdie putt on the sixth extra hole of October 's Frys.com Open in California proved enough to snatch victory and ensured that Baird 's 348th PGA Tour event would go the same way as the previous 347 . When CNN contacted Baird we expected to find a man down on his fortunes , ruing another missed opportunity to finally claim the first Tour victory of his career . Yet nothing could have been further from the truth . The 39-year-old Florida native was out fishing , relaxing on his 22-foot Pathfinder boat in a bay off Stuart on the Atlantic coast , about 90 minutes north of Miami . And he already had his dinner plans taken care of for the evening . "  I 've caught two speckled trout and one red fish , " he told me enthusiastically . "  I am going to a friend 's house later , where we will clean them up and have them for dinner . I only really play golf so I can support my fishing ! " If that really is the case , then Baird 's fishing hobby has been pretty well supported over the years , to the tune of $ 12,460,542 to be precise , and his latest heartbreaking near-miss added another $ 540,000 to the coffers . That impressive prize fund puts him in 87th position on the all-time PGA Tour money list , ahead of such luminaries and major winners as Tom Kite , Ben Crenshaw , John Daly , Craig Stadler and the legendary Tom Watson , to name just a few . "  I would rather be the guy who has won the most money without a victory than the guy who has won the least money ! A stat is only as bad as you want it to be , " said Baird . "  If you are going to do something for a living that you love to do , and you are financially rewarded for doing it , that is a complete bonus . On the flip side , the negative is true and I can not deny it . I am not out there trying ` not to win . ' Not winning is not something I relish . " Golfing is in Michael Jancey Baird 's blood -- his nickname comes from a character in Herman Wouk 's novel "  The Winds of War , " which his mother was reading when Briny was a young boy . The son of professional Butch Baird , the young Briny was introduced to the sport at a very early age . "  My dad being a golfer was a big part of my life growing up . It gave me an insight into how you should go about playing golf and he was a good player -- winning twice on the PGA Tour . "  He was completely hands on -- my golf swing was made by my father -- but my parents went through a really bad divorce when I was 18 and I and have n't spoken to my dad for eight years . "  From three to 18 , everything I learned , 100 % , was from my dad . The next 20 years , nothing through him . " Baird pauses for a moment , before continuing : "  People are disbelieving when I tell them , but for me it is a non-issue . "  I think people find it more shocking because we both have the same careers -- they do n't relate to it as life , just golf . My dad and I do n't speak because of life , not because of golf . " Baird 's early college years were spent in exalted golfing company at Georgia Tech . "  I was in the same golf team as David Duval and Stewart Cink  both winners of the British Open  . "  We had a great time and are all still firm friends now , but out of school I did n't enjoy it as much , so I left for Division Two school Valdosta State , where I had a blast ... and met my wife ! " Despite becoming a millionaire from playing the sport he loves , Baird has also experienced the downside of being a professional . He lost his PGA Tour card in 2004 , agonizingly finishing one place outside the top 125 players that are invited back , while last year he again just missed out , finishing 127th . That meant he was playing on a limited schedule this year , although his second place in California ensures no such worries for 2012 . "  Having to play in the qualifying school sucks , it is not fun at all , " says Baird . "  You are playing for your job for the entire year and possibly for your entire career -- it is more pressure than any other tournament . A guy can miss a putt on the 18th hole and not have a tour card as a result . It 's very hard . " Perhaps the phrase is overused , but Baird is genuinely one of golf 's nice guys . We chat away for over half an hour like old friends and nothing seems too much trouble for him , although the feeling remains that finishing second for a fifth time in his career , and in such dramatic circumstances , will leave an indelible mark on Baird . But his mood is upbeat , positive and determined . Briny Baird is convinced he will win a tournament one day . "  Look , I am not going to lie to you , it was a massive disappointment to lose that playoff . I honestly felt I was going to win the tournament . I know I can win on tour . In fact , I know I can win more than once on tour , " he says . "  I walked away thinking I had done things I had n't done before . I played to win and in my mind I knew I was going to win . "  I felt in control and played really good coming down the stretch . I do n't know how many times I have done that , for me that was a big hurdle to overcome . " If self belief was a golf tournament , Briny Baird would be a multiple winner , and his latest narrow defeat will not dent his confidence or dilute his desire to secure that elusive first victory . Golf 's richest runner-up is determined to reel in that big prize soon , do n't be surprised if he hooks his biggest-ever catch in 2012 .	American Briny Baird has won over $ 12 million in prize money since turning pro Baird has been professional since 1995 and has played in 348 career events Although never winning a tournament , Baird has finished second five times The 39-year-old is ranked in 87th position in the all-time PGA Tour money list
Budapest , Hungary  CNN  -- A former Hungarian prime minister was briefly detained Friday during a demonstration outside the Parliament building , police said . Ferenc Gyurcsany , now a member of parliament , was protesting the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban , whose center-right party , Fidesz , is dominant in Parliament . Gyurcsany was among 43 people detained at the demonstration , staged by the LMP opposition party . He was among 15 lawmakers , including members of Parliament from the LMP and Gyurcsancy 's former Socialist Party , who were picked up by police . The people were taken into custody for blocking entrances and exits to the Parliament building and violating "  personal freedom . " Police said the 15 parliament members eventually were released but it 's unclear whether the remaining people have been freed . Opposition members were protesting votes by Parliament on several contentious bills and wanted more debate about them before the vote . Parliament approved several new bills , including a measure keeping elections to a single round , another cutting in half the number of lawmakers , and one that redraws voting districts . Later , the LMP held a demonstration , attended by about 1,000 people . Speakers called for a national referendum on the job of the government . Concern in financial markets has brought the issue of Hungary 's government and economy to the forefront . The nation has been stripped of its investment grade status by ratings agencies . Critics have accused the ruling Fidesz Party of undermining democracy and making constitutional changes more suited to an authoritarian regime . Hungary is a member of the European Union and NATO . Orban is accused of tightening his grip on power by redrawing election boundaries , installing loyal judges in the country 's courts and curbing media freedom . Matyas Eorsi , a Hungarian politician , said this process began a year and a half ago "  when the current government got into power and since then they are systematically dismantling checks and balances and independent institutions . Recently , there was a bill introduced to the Hungarian Parliament to curb the independence of the central bank that was most alarming . " But one senior Hungarian official has blamed opposition parties for bringing the country to the brink of economic and political collapse . Zoltan Kovacs , state secretary for government communications , said the government is trying to resolve a problem spawned by the previous Socialist government . "  There is a visible and very well-orchestrated effort on behalf of the opposition parties to put together this kind of democracy deficit problem in the last couple of months , " Kovacs said . "  We have to deal with those major economic and social problems that the previous Socialist government have created . So we are basically finishing in about year and half ... the kind of process that should have been started 20 years ago . " In 2006 , Hungarian radio played a leaked tape where Gyurcsany admitted that his Socialist Party lied to the public to win that year 's general election . Gyurcsany left the Socialist Party last year and has formed a new party , the Democratic Coalition . CNN 's Matthew Chance contributed to this report	43 people had been seized , including 15 MPs Ferenc Gyurcsany had been a prime minister Demonstrators gather in front of the Parliament The opposition is critical of the Orban government
Meet Dr. Gorbee Logan , the county health director for Bomi County in Liberia . You have now met half the medical team in Bomi County . There are two doctors in the entire county . I do n't mean two doctors to treat Ebola patients but two doctors , period . Two doctors to take care of Ebola patients , plus the 100 patients in their general hospital , plus the rest of the county . That 's two doctors for about 85,000 people . Logan does n't complain , even though he 's been working around the clock since June , when the first Ebola case appeared in this agricultural county . He would , however , like an actual Ebola treatment center . He 's been taking care of patients in a holding facility , which has only 12 beds . Sometimes they have nearly double that number , and patients overflow onto mattresses on the floor . He ca n't send these patients to real Ebola treatment centers because they 're all full . Ebola outbreak : How to help Logan has been begging the federal government for more than a month for an official Ebola treatment unit , one with more beds and a quarantine area for people who 've come in close contact with Ebola patients but are n't sick . My team and I -- senior producer John Bonifield , senior photographer Orlando Ruiz and our coordinator , Liberian journalist Orlind Cooper -- saw firsthand Tuesday night just how much he needs a real hospital . About 7 p.m. , an ambulance arrived at Logan 's facility in Tubmanburg with five people who , the day before , had washed the bodies of a mother and daughter who had died of Ebola . After they 'd done the washing , their community kicked them out , Logan told us . Now the five relatives -- three adults , a 13-year-old and a 5-year-old -- were in the ambulance in Ebola limbo . They could n't go back home , and they could n't go into the facility because they might get infected . Complete coverage of the Ebola outbreak By the light of a single bulb outside the facility , Logan convened an impromptu meeting between himself , county Superintendent Samuel Brown and acting county Field Officer Frances Alesi . It was decided they 'd look for a government building of some kind where the family could spend the 21-day quarantine . The county health department would feed them and take care of their needs . But they were n't going to find a place until the morning . The five relatives would have to spend the night in the ambulance . Logan put in an order for a second ambulance so they could stretch out and sleep more comfortably . Desperation grows in the Ebola zone Logan and his staff are doing a heroic job of taking care of Ebola patients under difficult circumstances . He 's strict about infection control -- no health care workers have died on his watch -- and he resourcefully tries different drugs to save his dying patients . Here 's what I do n't understand : With the millions upon millions of dollars spent in West Africa on Ebola , why does n't this man get his treatment center ? These centers are the single most important way to prevent the transmission of the disease , since they isolate the infected . We left Tubmanburg and Logan and his ambulance full of Ebola contacts and headed back to Monrovia . I fell asleep in the car to the sounds of One Direction on my iPhone  I have tween daughters  . Just as the boys were telling me "  What Makes You Beautiful , " the car came to a stop , and I heard the sounds of male yelling . LIberian English is beautiful and mellifluous and largely incomprehensible to me , especially when spoken at loud volume with a lot of testosterone and passion behind it . But I figured out this was a checkpoint , and the young men with guns wanted us to get out and wash our hands and have our temperature taken . Cooper , our coordinator and an accomplished Liberian journalist , argued with the guards . They did n't back down . They told us the president of Liberia had been through the same checkpoint earlier in the day , and she 'd gotten out for the wash and check . Cooper shot back that was fine for her , but we were n't getting out of the car . The screaming back and forth went on for about 20 minutes . Finally , Cooper won . We visibly and dramatically sprayed our hands inside the car with the disinfectant we had with us and leaned our heads out the window so they could check our temperature . No contact : Life inside the Ebola outbreak The guard aimed the thermometer at my temple ; "  36.4 , " he said , and kept staring at me . I had a moment of anxiety -- why was he staring ? I do n't use Celsius every day , but I knew that was a normal temperature . I smiled back . After a few beats the guard moved on . I invited One Direction back into my ears and fell asleep for the rest of the ride back to Monrovia .	Bomi County , Liberia , has just two doctors Logan takes care of patients in a holding facility , which has only 12 beds He ca n't send them to real Ebola treatment centers because they 're all full
CNN  -- Word of Nelson Mandela 's death spread quickly across the United States , bringing with it a mix of reverence and grief for a man who was born in South Africa but in the end belonged to the world . President Barack Obama ordered American flags to be lowered immediately to half-staff until Monday in tribute to Mandela , a rare honor for a foreign leader . Memorials to the former South African president popped up from Los Angeles to Chicago , where flowers and candles were laid in front of murals bearing his likeness . In Washington , people gathered in front of South Africa 's embassy . For many Americans , the death of Mandela was akin to losing one of their own . He loomed large in the actions of activists and politicians ; he inspired music and movies . Here 's a look at Mandela 's impact on the United States : ACTIVISM It began with a financial boycott , of sorts . Students on campuses across the country in the late 1970s called for their universities and colleges to divest from investments in South Africa . That led to sit-ins and protest marches that by the mid-1980s drew thousands . "  We had marches day after day , thousands of people got arrested in Washington , D.C. , " civil rights attorney Charles Ogletree said . "  They were all released and ultimately not charged with any offense . Because it was a national issue -- black , white , male , female , people on the left and right , everybody was involved in it . " In 1986 , Rep. Ron Dellums , D-California , sponsored a bill that called for a full trade embargo against South Africa as well as divestment by American companies . The bill , which passed the House , was vetoed by then-President Ronald Reagan . Congress then overrode the veto . Today , this type of activism -- financial boycotts -- have become a protest staple . For example , fast food workers called this week for a boycott of their respective restaurants to protest low wages . Nelson Mandela : 10 surprising facts you probably did n't know POPULAR CULTURE It began in 1985 with musician Steven Van Zandt 's "  Sun City , " a song that protested the South African policy of apartheid . The music brought together such musical powerhouses as Bruce Springsteen , Run DMC , Bonnie Raitt , Miles Davis , George Clinton , Jackson Browne and dozens more to record the single and video . That was followed in 1986 with the release of Paul Simon 's "  Graceland , " which featured South African musicians -- including Ladysmith Black Mambazo . Simon on Thursday praised Mandela as one of the world 's greatest teachers . "  He conceived a model for mortal enemies to overcome their hatred and find a way through compassion to rebuild a nation based on truth , justice and the power of forgiveness , " the singer said in a statement to CNN . "  His passing should reignite a worldwide effort for peace . " On Thursday , the famed Apollo Theater in Harlem -- that hosted so many of these artists -- paid tribute to Mandela . Its marquee said , simply : "  He changed our world . " Hollywood was a long-time supporter of Mandela 's fight against apartheid , releasing a number of movies inspired by the civil rights leader 's plight . "  We count ourselves unspeakably fortunate to have been immersed in Nelson Mandela 's story and legacy , " said Harvey Weinstein , whose company is releasing the biopic "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " this month . A number of Hollywood heavyweights have portrayed Mandela , including Danny Glover , Sidney Poitier and Terrance Howard . Morgan Freeman earned an Oscar nomination for best actor for his portrayal of Mandela in "  Invictus . " The latest to step into the role is Idris Elba , who plays the South African leader in "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom . " "  What an honor it was to step into the shoes of Nelson Mandela and portray a man who defied odds , broke down barriers , and championed human rights before the eyes of the world , " Elba said . How one British pop song helped to free Nelson Mandela POLITICS Perhaps nowhere is Mandela 's influence more evident that on America 's politicians . As a student at the University of California , Berkeley , California Assemblywoman Nancy Skinner participated in the divestment protests in the late 1970s and early 1980s . So when Mandela was released and the South African government began its transition , "  I think we felt like were part of that , " Skinner said . She learned of Mandela 's death during a Democratic caucus in California . "  That strategic , spiritual , political leadership has no equal , " she said . President Obama recounted to the nation on Thursday how he drew inspiration from Mandela during his first public speech . "  My very first political action , the first thing I ever did that involved an issue or a policy or politics , was a protest against apartheid . I studied his words and his writings , " he said in a televised address shortly after Mandela 's death was announced . "  And like so many around the globe , I can not fully imagine my own life without the example that Nelson Mandela set , and so long as I live I will do what I can to learn from him . " "  He no longer belongs to us , " Obama said . "  He belongs to the ages . " Nelson Mandela : A man of many handshakes CNN 's Catherine Shoichet and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	President Obama ordered flags lowered to half-staff in memory of Nelson Mandela Mandela loomed large over American activists and politicians His plight has been repeatedly depicted by Hollywood
Records of dead veterans were changed or physically altered , some even in recent weeks , to hide how many people died while waiting for care at the Phoenix VA hospital , a whistle-blower told CNN in stunning revelations that point to a new coverup in the ongoing VA scandal . "  Deceased " notes on files were removed to make statistics look better , so veterans would not be counted as having died while waiting for care , Pauline DeWenter said . DeWenter should know . DeWenter is the actual scheduling clerk at the Phoenix VA who said for the better part of a year she was ordered by supervisors to manage and handle the so-called "  secret waiting list , " where veterans ' names of those seeking medical care were often placed , sometimes left for months with no care at all . For these reasons , DeWenter is among the most important and central people to the Phoenix VA scandal over a secret wait list , veterans ' wait times and deaths . Despite being in the center of the storm , DeWenter has never spoken publicly about any of it -- the secret list , the altering of records , the dozens of veterans she believes have died waiting for care -- until now . Records changed It was one of DeWenter 's roles to call veterans when appointments became available to schedule them to get a consultation . Sometimes when she made those calls , she 'd find that the veteran had died , so she would enter that on their records . But at least seven times since last October , records that showed that veterans died while waiting for care -- records which DeWenter personally handled and had entered in details of veterans ' deaths -- were physically altered , or written over , by someone else , DeWenter said in an exclusive interview with CNN . The changes , or re-writes , listed the veterans as living , not deceased , essentially hiding their deaths . The alterations had even occurred in recent weeks , she said , in a deliberate attempt to try to hide just how many veterans died while waiting for care , by trying to pretend dead veterans remain alive . "  Because by doing that , that placed  the veterans  back on the wait list , " said DeWenter , explaining she believes that the purpose of "  bringing them back to life " in the paperwork and putting the veterans back on the electronic waiting list was to hide the fact that veterans died waiting for care . "  I would say  it was done to  hide the fact . Because it is marked a death . And that death needs to be reported . So if you change that to , ` entered in error ' or , my personal favorite , ` no longer necessary , ' that makes the death go away . So the death would never be reported then . " ` Into a desk drawer ' Beginning early last year , DeWenter said she was also instructed to hide the crisis at the Phoenix VA medical center by concealing new requests for treatment . This was at a time when the VA was paying bonuses to senior staff whose facilities met the goals of providing care in a timely manner for veterans , typically within 14 days . New requests by veterans wanting treatment were actually stuffed into a drawer , to make the books look better , according to DeWenter . Asked what happened to the new requests for appointments , DeWenter said : "  They went into a desk drawer ... . That would be the secret list . " There was "  no doubt " it was , in fact , a secret list , she said . DeWenter 's claims support those of Dr. Sam Foote , now retired from the VA , who spoke to CNN in March and raised the lid on the Phoenix crisis and allegations that up to 40 veterans died while waiting for care . Since November 2013 CNN has been investigating and publishing reports of wait lists and deaths of veterans across VA hospitals around the country . Massive investigation The concerns over delays in care and deaths of veterans across the country created a national furor during the last six weeks that prompted Senate hearings and ultimately led to the resignation of President Obama 's VA Secretary , Eric Shinseki . Investigators from the VA 's Inspector General 's office have been in Phoenix looking into the charges by DeWenter , Foote and other VA whistle-blowers . The teams include criminal investigators . The VA 's Office of Inspector General also has investigators in 69 other locations , looking into charges of other data manipulation , delays and deaths , and allegations of whistle-blower retaliation . Report : Veterans neglected for years in VA facility DeWenter said she has "  submitted evidence " to criminal investigators about the altering of records and also the secret list and how it worked . Officials at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs did not respond specifically to any of DeWenter 's allegations . Instead a spokesman sent CNN a generic statement stating : "  As Acting Secretary Gibson has said at VA facilities around the country , we must work together to fix the unacceptable , systemic problems in accessing VA healthcare . We know that in many communities , including Phoenix , veterans wait too long for the care they 've earned and deserve . That 's why VA is taking action to accelerate access to care and reaching out to veterans to get them off wait lists and into clinics . " The statement added : "  We respect the independent review and recommendations of the Office of Inspector General  OIG  regarding systemic issues with patient scheduling and access , and we await the OIG 's final review . " ` Beyond horrible ' It has been an horrific year for DeWenter . In early 2013 , the waiting list at the Phoenix VA was so long that 1,700 veterans were on it , and many vets could not get an appointment for as much as nine months , or longer , DeWenter said . On average there were requests from 40 new patients a day , she said . DeWenter says the hospital administration knew it , but was so focused on meeting an immediate goal , the patients did n't matter . "  It 's beyond horrible , " she said , tearing up at times during the interview . DeWenter said in addition to keeping the secret list and keeping quiet when she learned veterans on the list died , she was also pushed to clear up the backlog on the electronic waiting list , which put pressure on follow-up care as well . There simply were not enough doctors -- and not enough appointments -- to handle new patients , backlogged patients and even very sick patients . DeWenter , a scheduling clerk , was suddenly making life and death decisions . Doctors , nurses and emergency room providers were calling her trying to get appointments for individual patients who could n't wait . "  And that really overtook even the wait list , " DeWenter said . "  Because now I have a consult where veterans are very sick . So I have to ease up on the wait list . It sounds so wrong to say , but I tried to work these scheduled appointments so at least I felt the sickest of the sick were being treated . " Congressional action on VA : Too little , too late The stress , DeWenter said , was unbearable . Then came the call she had to make in early December . She finally had an appointment available for a Navy veteran who had come to the VA months earlier urinating blood . "  I called the family . And that 's when I found out that he was dead , " she said . Turning point DeWenter would not tell CNN the patient 's name . But CNN interviewed Sally and Teddy Barnes-Breen earlier this year , and the stories match . Thomas Breen , Teddy 's father and a Navy veteran , died in November 2013 after being repeatedly denied care at the Phoenix VA. . DeWenter called the home and reached Sally Barnes-Breen , telling her the VA finally had a primary appointment for her father-in-law . Barnes-Breen told CNN she was incensed , as Breen had just passed away . "  I said , ` Really , you 're a little too late , sweetheart , ' " she told CNN previously . DeWenter said that conversation was a turning point -- hearing the anger from the family and details on how the veteran died screaming that veterans did not deserve such treatment . "  And I promised her that I would do everything in my power to never have this happen to another veteran again , " she said . Going public DeWenter said that 's when she and Foote began seriously talking about what could be done . In December of last year DeWenter and Foote told everything to the VA 's Office of the Inspector General . "  I thought that was a saving grace , " DeWenter said . "  I thought , ` Okay , this is it . This is gon na be all over , ' you know ? Then it was n't . And we were waiting , and waiting , and waiting , and waiting . And nothing ever happened ... Nothing . We did n't hear anything . The leadership  in Phoenix  was telling us , ` Oh , we passed everything . We 're not doing anything wrong . ' And I 'm like , ` We 're not doing anything wrong ? But people are still dying ? ' " DeWenter said they were giving up hope and decided for Foote to contact the media . DeWenter said until now she was simply too scared to come forward . And she is still scared . "  My life will change after this comes out . I will have people at work who are not going to like me because of what I 've done . And I 'll have other people at work who will say thank you for doing what you 've done . " DeWenter believes her information on what she says is an ongoing coverup at the Phoenix VA is in the hands of the FBI . Performance reviews at troubled VA showed no bad senior managers Phoenix VA officials still on payroll during termination process FBI launches criminal probe of VA	New whistle-blower alleges more wrongdoing at Phoenix VA hospital Scheduling clerk : Records changed , new requests for treatment stuffed in a drawer "  It 's beyond horrible , " says Pauline DeWenter of the way veterans were handled It 's the latest revelation since CNN began investigating long VA wait lists and deaths
CNN  In the new Republican Congress , the first priority is a pipeline . Not jobs  not really  . Not police violence  and anti-police violence  . Not ISIS . It 's a pipeline , the Keystone XL , which , as I 'm sure you 've heard , would carry crude from Canada across the United States and to the Gulf Coast , where some of it would be processed and exported . The Republican argument for the pipeline more or less fits in a single word : jobs . They cite a State Department report saying the pipeline would create 42,000 temporary jobs . But as the fact checkers at The Washington Post and elsewhere have pointed out , that 's highly misleading at best . "  Most of those jobs are far from the construction site , and it 's hard to argue they are new , " writes Glenn Kessler . "  Moreover , under State 's accounting , they only last for a year . For some workers , it would be a good but brief payday . In the context of the U.S. economy , the impact is barely a ripple . " The low-ball estimate : Only 35 permanent jobs would be created . Yep , 35 . And crazy-low oil prices make the pipeline even less of an economic boon . Democrats and environmentalists , meanwhile , have started using the now-famous pipeline as a stand-in for climate change , a dangerously myopic proposition given the scope and seriousness of that issue . Build the pipeline and it means the United States is shirking on a cleaner-energy future . Oppose it , and that 's a sign that this country -- long a laggard on stabilizing the climate -- is finally making amends . I 've been to the Tar Sands region of Canada , where the Keystone crude would originate . I 've watched machines with wheel axles high above my head dig for oil in the dirt -- a form of strip mining , really , where the environmental costs of continuing to use fossil fuels are visible in enormous , earthen pits . It does have literal and symbolic importance . It matters . But killing Keystone has become more about politics than substance . Plenty of other issues deserve that level of attention . Instead of going on griping about all of it though  this is a new year , after all , a time for aspirations and optimism  , I 'd like to suggest five environmental issues that I hope will become part of a more grounded national debate in 2015 . If you have other ideas , please shoot me a note on Twitter  I 'm @jdsutter  or in the comments section below . 1 . Climate change This is a no-brainer . The world will meet in Paris this December to attempt to hammer out a truly international agreement to cut greenhouse gas emissions and stave off the very worst effects of climate change . Some worry it may be too little too late . But news out of 2014 's pre-Paris talks was surprisingly hopeful -- and included , for the first time , the possibility of all countries joining a climate pact . The talks in December , writes Andrew Simms for The Guardian , are "  the most significant task ahead of us in 2015 . " 2 . Nature thieves There 's a massive black market for rare plants and animals -- and we could be living in a world without elephants , rhinos and pangolins  yes , pangolins  if we let the illegal extraction of natural resources continue . The World Wildlife Fund estimates the scale of the wildlife trade at $ 10 billion annually . African elephants -- massively smart creatures , and symbols of the amazing world we inhabit -- could go extinct in a matter of decades if the trade in their ivory tusks is n't stopped . Rhino poaching is also on the rise . Asia is a major market for these illicit goods . Rhino horn and pangolin scales are used in traditional medicines , for example , and other parts are sold as luxury goods . But the United States also is a significant consumer , too . 3 . The soil I tend to hate the "  Year of ____ " construct , but the United Nations was smart to declare 2015 the International Year of Soils . Soil is n't something most of us think much about , but it 's crucial to our food system and the health of the natural environment .  "  Interstellar , " anyone ? "  The world will have over 9 billion people in 2050 , 2 billion more than today , " the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization 's director-general , José Graziano da Silva , said in a prepared statement . "  And food production will have to grow by 60 % to feed a larger population that will also be eating better . So there is no doubt the pressure on natural resources is bound to increase . And soils are not something we can simply fix if it breaks : It can take up to one thousand years to form one centimeter of topsoil . " 4 . Water conservation Water is the new oil , and industries and governments need to get smarter about protecting this vital resource from pollution and overuse . In California , a prolonged drought has pushed farmers to drill deeper water wells and pump the resource out of the ground . The earth literally is sinking in response , according to U.S. Geological Survey research .  Take a look at this photo .  And the fundamental problem is far from isolated . About 1.2 billion people live in water-scarce regions , according to the United Nations . In many places , climate change threatens to make droughts more severe . 5 . Air pollution Dealing with climate change also has a spinoff effect : It makes the air safer to breathe . Having fewer power plants is good on the lungs . If you 're a person living in India or China  or Houston  , that is undoubtedly welcome news . In 2012 , outdoor air pollution was estimated to cause 3.7 million premature deaths . In China , the situation appears so dystopian that a businessman in Beijing was reportedly selling cans of clean air .	The Keystone XL pipeline is priority No. 1 for the Republican U.S. Congress But CNN 's John Sutter offers five other environmental issues worthy of attention
CNN  -- A World War II German bomber , likely the last of its kind , has been raised from the bottom of the English Channel and will be restored for display in a British museum . "  It has been lifted and is now safely on the barge and in one piece , " Ajay Srivastava , a spokesman for RAF Museum , told the BBC . The Royal Air Force shot down the Dornier Do-17 twin-engine medium bomber of the German Luftwaffe on August 26 , 1940 , during the Battle of Britain . It was one of 1,500 built by Germany and the last known to be in existence , according to the RAF Museum . Germany employed more than 400 Dornier 17s during the Battle of Britain , and 200 of those were lost . Most wrecks were melted down and recycled into making planes and armaments for Britain , according to the museum . The plane raised Monday was damaged in a battle with RAF Defiant fighters as it tried to attack airfields in Essex , the museum said . Its pilot made a belly landing on Goodwin Sands in the channel off Kent , and the plane sank upside down in about 50 feet of water . The pilot and another crew member who survived the crash were taken prisoner and sent to prisoner-of-war camps in Canada , the museum said . Two other crew members died . The plane remained undisturbed on the floor of the English Channel until divers spotted it in 2008 . "  The aircraft is in remarkable condition -- considering the events surrounding its loss plus the effects of spending so many years under water , " the museum 's website says . "  Other than marine concretion it is largely intact , the main undercarriage tires remain inflated and the propellers clearly show the damage inflicted during their final landing . " The museum then stepped in with a nearly million-dollar effort  about 600,000 pounds  to raise the craft and launch a restoration project . "  The discovery of the Dornier is of national and international importance . The aircraft is a unique and unprecedented survivor from the Battle of Britain . It is particularly significant because , as a bomber , it formed the heart of the Luftwaffe assault and the subsequent Blitz , " Air Vice-Marshal Peter Dye , director general of the RAF Museum , says on the museum 's website . "  The Dornier will provide an evocative and moving exhibit that will allow the museum to present the wider story of the Battle of Britain and highlight the sacrifices made by the young men of both air forces and from many nations , " Dye says on the website . Once the plane is ashore , it will be soaked in a citric acid solution to stop corrosion , the first step in a restoration process expected to take two years . The plane then will go on display at the RAF Museum in north London . See the RAF Museum 's website with the complete story of the German bomber	German bomber was shot down during Battle of Britain Pilot made emergency landing in English Channel Divers discovered the plane in 2008
CNN  -- For those who did n't know much about Shirley Temple , her passing this week revealed two surprises . First , that her post-Hollywood career was dominated by public service . She ran  unsuccessfully  for Congress in 1967 , served as a representative to the United Nations and was ambassador to Ghana and Czechoslovakia . And second , she was a Republican . She was that rarest of things nowadays : a Hollywood star who admitted to voting for the GOP . Today , Hollywood appears uniformly liberal . But once upon a time , things were different . While researching my forthcoming book on Hollywood and politics , I was surprised to discover how many vocal conservatives there were in Hollywood well into the 1970s - and that many of them enjoyed the company of Richard Nixon . John Wayne narrated a Nixon biographical documentary at the 1972 GOP convention , where Clint Eastwood was a highly visible guest . Bob Hope toured the country with Jack Benny and country pop star Glenn Campbell to drum up support for the troops in Vietnam . Hope closed his 1970 Christmas TV special with a plea for viewers to get behind the President . James Stewart once told reporters , "  All you have to do is go to Vietnam to see that the kids are still patriotic , " and suggested that antiwar Hollywood actors were just eaten up with bitterness at Nixon 's popularity . Yet in 21st century America , the only public Hollywood support Republicans can get  look at Romney 's pitiful donations  tends to come from faded action heroes like Arnold Schwarzenegger and Chuck Norris . Yes , Eastwood is still a fan of the GOP , as is Jon Voight , and Vince Vaughn is close to the Paul family . But the acting contingent of conservatism has shrunk . The reason is recent political dynamics . Hollywood has moved to the left ; the Republicans have moved to the right . When Shirley Temple Black was a child star , Hollywood was dominated by powerful Republican moguls . The movies she tap danced and sang through for Fox might have earned the praise of Franklin D Roosevelt  he once said , "  It is a splendid thing that for just 15 cents an American can go to a movie and look at the smiling face of a baby and forget his troubles "  , but the industry that produced them was anti-union , anti-communist , and typically anti-Democrat . There was , for example , near unanimity between the otherwise inharmonious studio chiefs in opposing Upton Sinclair 's 1934 ultra-liberal campaign for governor of California .  Sinclair wanted to introduce a graduated income tax .  The moguls actually made their staff donate a week 's salary to Sinclair 's Republican opponent . But the moguls lost their power when the studios were undone by trust-busting and TV . In the 1960s , a new generation of stars defined themselves artistically by their revolt against the studio machine and "  square " middle-American culture . These were the beautiful people like Jane Fonda , Warren Beatty and Shirley MacLaine . They began as political outsiders , but their activism slowly professionalized and grew into PACs that raised millions of dollars for almost exclusively Democrat campaigns . Men like Steven Spielberg , Jeffrey Katzenberg and David Geffen became the new kingmakers . In one month of the 2012 election season , Spielberg and Katzenberg each gave $ 1 million to President Obama 's super PAC Priorities USA . Hollywood money is an indispensable part of the modern Democrat machine . Of course , movie makers might consider themselves socially progressive , but , as their disposable income attests , they are still ambitious capitalists -- ones that might have remained more open to the Republican Party if it had only stuck to its old theme of limited , small tax government . But the GOP viscerally repelled the new Hollywood with its social conservatism . The actor Ronald Reagan 's election as president ought to have represented the pinnacle of Hollywood conservatism , but , ironically , it actually represented the beginning of its post-Nixon decline . Reagan 's willingness to reach out to the religious right meant that while he was certainly a product of the movie industry , he had effectively divorced himself from its libertine culture . Throughout his time in office , his Hollywood support base whittled down to the last surviving members of the Shirley Temple generation . When the Gipper threw a televised charity function in 1985 , the guests were Frank Sinatra , Charlton Heston and Dean Martin . The only real contemporary 80s star was Burt Reynolds . In other words , as Hollywood moved left and the Republicans moved right , they passed each other on the political spectrum . One wonders whether Shirley Temple would have felt as comfortable identifying herself with the GOP today as she did in the 1960s and 1970s . My guess is yes . After all , her Republicanism persisted  she was still campaigning for George H.W. Bush in 1992  and , as a child rather than an adult star , she had nothing to lose in terms of Hollywood clout by going public with her conservatism . For all those moderate Republicans  and , yes , they really do exist  out there in Hollywood , things are a lot harder . If they come out as conservative , they risk never getting invited to any forthcoming benefits George Clooney might be throwing to liberate the Elgin Marbles . That 's a serious problem , because Hollywood is a business in which who you know is as important as what you know . Therefore , if stars admit their Republicanism , they risk losing friends , parts and a steady income . No wonder so few do it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley : Shirley Temple was American 's sweetheart and a committed conservative Conservatism in Hollywood today is a rarity today Reagan , as president , wooed religious right ; Hollywood conservatism declined , he says He says studios ' political kingmakers now come from the left
CNN  -- It 's the height of summer in Paris , and the director of the most famous art museum in the world is queuing like any other tourist . Three-and-a-half hours later , Jean-Luc Martinez finally enters the Louvre , putting his bag through security , asking for directions , stopping to buy snacks and drinks . It 's a familiar story for anyone brave enough to join the snaking line during peak season . Less so , when you 're the man who holds the key to the front door . A few months after taking the top job at the Louvre , 49-year-old Martinez went on a covert mission to see what it 's really like for the average Joe jostling against the snap-happy masses . Why ? "  If you are a professional , there is a risk at certain times you are only going to look at the museum with the eyes of a professional , " he told CNN in his first television interview with the international press , since taking the role in April . "  The people who visit the Louvre might only stop by once , and a trip to Paris is the holiday of their life . We have to make sure that they are received with a certain dignity . " The people 's museum ? With over 9.7 million tourists streaming through the turnstiles last year -- easily making it the most popular museum on the planet -- the biggest challenge the institution now faces is not how to increase numbers , but how to improve the experience . How will Martinez , one of the institution 's youngest ever directors , make that happen ? "  I hope it will be more welcoming , which means that when you arrive at the museum there are less queues , that the people of foreign origin find reference points in their language , that with the help of Wi-Fi and apps you understand what you see , " he said . "  I picture a museum in which everyone finds their space . What threatens museums is that it is only an elite which understands the works of art . I want a museum where there are young people , children , elderly people -- and that requires work . " Modest Martinez It 's an ambitious vision for the 220-year-old gallery , an institution so steeped in prestige that Martinez underwent an interview with French President Francois Hollande before being offered the role . But then , Martinez is n't like previous directors . Growing up in social housing just outside of Paris in the 1960s , his father was a postman , his mother a caretaker of an apartment building . A former archeology and art history professor , Martinez was head of the Louvre 's Greek , Etruscan and Roman Antiquities department before taking over from 12-year director Henri Loyrette -- himself the son of a business lawyer . Described by colleagues as a "  quiet intellectual with a penchant for tweed and sweater vests , " Martinez says the first time he visited the gallery as an 11-year-old on a school trip , it revolutionized his view of the world . "  I was a kid that lived in a modern city , almost entirely dating from the 1960s , " he said . "  And there I was , in the heart of Paris , shown works of art that were more than 5,000 years old and that history is profound . " Beyond the stars Yet gaze across at the crowds scrambling to get a photo of the Mona Lisa -- while a room of precious Rembrandt paintings stands almost empty -- and you get the feeling not everyone shares Martinez 's appreciation for the Louvre 's vast collection . "  The majority of people want to see the works of art that are the most famous -- the Mona Lisa , the Venus de Milo , and the Winged Victory of Samothrace , " said Martinez . "  We have to do some profound work to valorize the other collections . " How ? Through exhibitions of lesser-known works , new educational centers , and translating information plaques into English . Brand Louvre Of the Louvre 's 460,000 works , just 35,000 are exhibited , the rest in storage deep under the famous building . That 's where Louvre Lens comes in -- a $ 150 million  $ 200 million  sister gallery in a former mining town in northern France . Opened last year , the gleaming new building displays around 200 pieces on loan from Paris . It 's part of a growing Louvre empire , with another gallery set to open in Abu Dhabi in 2015 , exhibiting 300 works from French museums . The United Arab Emirates is paying $ 400 million  $ 538 million  for the prestigious Louvre name . And in times of austerity , it 's a deal which will help the French institution revamp its entrance and ticket areas . Does the deal also devalue the Louvre brand ? "  No , " says Martinez . "  It 's an agreement , a scientific partnership , an economic partnership . " With Martinez at the helm , it 's also the beginning of a brave new era for the beloved institution .	Jean-Luc Martinez , new director of the Louvre , reveals plans to shake-up establishment 49-year-old comes from modest background , father was a postman , mother a caretaker Wants visitors to be treated with "  dignity , " plans multimillion revamp of ticket area Says $ 538m deal to build Louvre Abu Dhabi will help pay for makeover of French institution
CNN  -- As investigators are determining whether a skull and bones discovered behind an abandoned Central Virginia home on Saturday are those of Hannah Graham , the lone suspect in her disappearance has been indicted in an assault from almost a decade ago -- a case that police say forensically links him to another female college student who vanished from the same area as Graham . Jesse Matthew was indicted by a grand jury in Fairfax , Virginia on Monday for the 2005 sexual assault on charges that also included attempted murder and abduction . According to the indictment , Matthew , 32 , "  did feloniously , willfully , deliberately , intentionally and with premeditation attempt to kill  the victim  in the commission of or subsequent to an abduction with the intent to defile . " The then-26-year-old victim in that attack was able to provide enough of a detailed description to yield a police sketch , one that years later would link Matthew to the case of Morgan Harrington , the Virginia Tech student who vanished in Charlottesville in October 2009 . Harrington was found dead the following January . Police at the time said "  forensic evidence " linked the two cases . Fairfax County prosecutor Ray Morrogh said Monday that he could not comment on how this investigation and indictment relates to the Harrington or Graham cases , but said "  the facts and details will be revealed in the judicial process . " Jim Camblos , Matthew 's Charlottesville attorney in the Graham case , declined to comment when reached by CNN on Monday . Graham last seen September 13 Graham , a University of Virginia student , was last spotted on several surveillance cameras in Charlottesville 's Downtown Mall area on September 13 . The footage showed her leaving the Tempo Bar around 2 a.m. , followed by a man investigators think to be Matthew . More than a month later , on October 18 , Sgt. Dale Terry of the Chesterfield Sheriff 's Department and his small search team were finishing up for the day when behind an abandoned home -- just eight miles from where Hannah Graham was last seen -- they found a skull and bones scattered across a creek bed . "  It was not buried , and its location was not far from the road , " he told a local television station . "  There was not any crushing of any bones . As far as the skull , everything looked to be intact to me . " Nearby was a pair of black pants , similar to ones Graham was wearing when she was last seen . "  I do believe God wanted us to find what we found , " Terry said . "  I do n't know how else to explain it other than something inside me told me to just continue to look . " After Saturday 's discovery , the weekend 's remaining public searches were canceled so that authorities could focus their attention "  on recent evidence , " according to the Virginia Department of Emergency Management . Furthermore , police now consider the Graham case "  a death investigation , " said County Police Chief Steve Sellers . "  Today 's discovery is a significant development , and we have a great deal of work ahead of us , " Sellers said . "  We can not and we will not jump to any conclusions . " Forensic psychologist Mike Banks told CNN affiliate WTVR that forensic work could take some time . "  If it is Hannah Graham , 100 % , then at least they have their child home , " he said , referring to Graham 's parents , John and Susan Graham . The Albemarle County Police Department said it did n't know how long it will take for the forensic results to come back .	Jesse Matthew indicted in 2005 Virginia sexual assault Charges also include abduction , attempted murder University of Virginia student Hannah Graham missing since September 13 Human remains were found over the weekend near where she was last seen
CNN  -- Brad Pitt has a warning for his accused attacker , Vitalii Sediuk : "  If he tries to look up a woman 's dress again , he 's going to get stomped . " That 's what the actor said on Monday in a statement released to People magazine , referring to the former Ukrainian TV reporter who has had two recent run-ins with actors at red carpet events . On May 28 , Sediuk jumped the rope on the red carpet at the "  Maleficent " movie premiere and attacked Pitt . Earlier that month , Sediuk went after actress America Ferrera , jumping under her dress on the Cannes Film Festival red carpet . That incident resulted in his being fired from his position with Ukrainian television channel 1 +1 , and Sediuk was later charged with one count of battery , one count of assault and two violations of the Los Angeles municipal code following his altercation with Pitt . In his statement , Pitt gave his version of what happened between him and Sediuk as the actor strolled the red carpet in support of the film starring his partner , Angelina Jolie . "  I was at the end of the line signing autographs , when out the corner of my eye I saw someone stage-diving over the barrier at me , " Pitt said in his statement . "  I took a step back ; this guy had latched onto my lapels . I looked down and the nutter was trying to bury his face in my crotch , so I cracked him twice in the back of the head -- not too hard -- but enough to get his attention , because he did let go . I think he was then just grabbing for a hand hold because the guys were on him , and he reached up and caught my glasses . " The "  Benjamin Button " star went on to say that Sediuk 's actions might influence how celebrities interact with the public in the future . "  I do n't mind an exhibitionist , " Pitt said , "  but if this guy keeps it up he 's going to spoil it for the fans who have waited up all night for an autograph or a selfie , because it will make  celebrities  more wary to approach a crowd . " Grammys stage-crasher reveals his entry plan Will Smith on the red carpet slap heard ` round the world '	Pitt has a warning for his attacker The actor gives his version of what happened on the red carpet He says celebs may be wary of fans in the future
When Stephanie Van Pelt needed to care for her son after surgery , her company gave her the option to work from home . "  They did n't lose my productivity , " Van Pelt posted on Google + . "  They gained an intensely loyal , hard-working employee that was so pleased with not having to take  time  off . " Van Pelt was weighing in on the recent news that Yahoo is ending its work-from-home policy . The change , announced Monday by Yahoo human resources chief Jackie Reses , is expected to affect hundreds of employees . It is one of many changes CEO Marissa Mayer has made since being hired last July . But Van Pelt does n't work for Yahoo . She does n't work for Google , Twitter , or any high-profile tech company . Instead , Van Pelt represents how the changes at Yahoo have gotten the attention of workers everywhere , regardless of industry . "  This is just ridiculous , " she continued . "  Glad I have no desire to work for Yahoo! " A 2011 study by Telework Research Network found that working remotely increased 73 % from 2005 to 2011 in the United States . Parenting is not at the heart of the issue , despite expectations Mayer would be more flexible after the recent birth of her first child . In the thousands of social media posts made about Mayer 's decision since Monday , people have attempted to classify the policy as a statement about everything from feminism to incompetent management . On Tuesday Yahoo issued a short statement , saying "  This is n't a broad industry view on working from home -- this is about what is right for Yahoo right now . " But two themes seem to anchor the discussion , and they center on debate about what it takes to create a truly innovate workplace -- something Yahoo needs -- and the role morale plays in productivity . Opinion : CEO right -- Yahoo workers must show up On innovation Psychologist Eve Ash wrote for SmartCompany.com that , "  The combined efforts of a group can provide quantum leaps in innovations . " Hired to essentially reinvent Yahoo , Mayer is clearly attempting to reignite the "  spirit of collaboration . " In an opinion piece for CNN , Raymond Fisman said Mayer has it exactly right : Personal interaction is still the most effective way of conveying a company 's direction . The assertion that new ideas spring up through "  chance encounters " is backed by academic research , he says . David Hirsch , who uses @startupman on Twitter , agrees . As a managing partner of Metamorphic.vc and a father of two , he says for every restart or start-up , real-time collaboration and strategy needs to happen "  every 5 minutes . " "  As a parent who occasionally works from home -- I feel bad for all those impacted , " posted JD Fairweather . "  As a consultant who has seen the challenges of managing remote workers and the complications of rebuilding a company -- it 's the right move . " "  Yahoo needs employees who want to live breathe and evangelize Yahoo , " wrote tech blogger Shawn Farner . "  The company needs employees in Sunnyvale , walking the halls , eating lunch with colleagues , brainstorming on whiteboards , gathering around monitors -- basically , doing the things you 'd see a small start-up doing in companies that emphasize collaboration and comradery . " A work-at-home mom defends Mayer On productivity Richard Branson , founder of Virgin Group , quickly posted his opposition to Mayer 's policy , saying a big part of successfully working with other people depends on , "  trusting people to get their work done wherever they are , without supervision . " Donald Trump tweeted that Mayer is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace . "  She is doing a great job ! " Lynn Dang , a former IBM employee posted to Facebook that the policy is silly and short-sighted for three reasons . First , unproductive staff will be unproductive anywhere . Second , Yahoo now risks losing top performers , and third the policy speaks of control and distrust unlikely to boost morale and engagement . "  I do think team building and interaction are useful but it does n't have to be an all or nothing approach like this , " Dang posted . "  Especially in 2013 . Especially for a tech company . " In an article on HLNTV.com , Sarah Evans , owner of Sevans Strategy , a public relations consultancy , wrote that each year , $ 1.4 trillion is lost in productivity regardless of where a worker 's desk is physically located . "  Finding a better way to work should be a company 's priority -- not telling people where they can do said work , " Evans said . For Scott Jordan , the policy signaled a much greater issue , which is that Mayer and her team have not planned and deployed technology properly . "  There should be no time when an employee is more than a couple of taps away , " he posted to Google + . Opinion : Allow Yahoo workers to work at home	Yahoo 's new policy will encourage innovation , some workers say Requiring workers to go to the office may hurt morale , others argue Working from home increased by 73 % between 2005 and 2011 , according to a study
CNN  -- Venezuela will nationalize the exploration and mining of gold and recall $ 11 billion in gold reserves from foreign banks , President Hugo Chavez said Wednesday . "  We are going to start bringing the gold to our national bank , " Chavez said in a conference call with several of the nation 's financial leaders broadcast on state television . He added that Venezuela should diversify its investments , placing more of its reserves in countries such as Russia , China , Brazil and South Africa . "  The time has come . The economies of Europe and the United States are sinking . Now we must see that the economies of China , Russia and Brazil are more solid , " he said . Venezuelan leaders did not specify when they would begin bringing back gold reserves . " ` We want to protect our assets that belong to the Venezuelan people , " said Nelson Merentes , president of Central Bank of Venezuela , according to the state-run AVN news agency . "  We are going to do it gradually , using a technique used worldwide to bring the gold , because they are physical bars that were deposited and we must certify that they are the same ones . " Chavez detailed the gold reserves plan hours after announcing that he planned to issue a decree that will permit the takeover of a gold-rich area in southern Venezuela , according to AVN . Chavez said that the nationalization was necessary "  because in that area there is anarchy , there are mafias , smugglers . " Venezuela has as much as $ 12 billion in gold reserves , Chavez said , and "  we can not permit them to keep taking that from us . " The Venezuelan leader said the moves would bring more money and stability to Venezuela . But at least one critic argued that Chavez was acting in his own self interest and placing the nation 's resources at risk . Roger Noriega , a former U.S. assistant secretary of state , urged Venezuelans to rally "  to oppose the looting of the nation 's savings " in a blog post on the website of the conservative American Enterprise Institute think tank . Chavez and other leaders "  are more concerned with their own fate than for the well-being of the Venezuelan people , " he wrote .	"  We are going to start bringing the gold to our national bank , " Chavez says Chavez says a decree will allow the takeover a gold-rich area in southern Venezuela He says the moves will bring more money and security to Venezuela One critic describes the reserve relocation as "  the looting of the nation 's savings "
CNN  -- A trip to Iran to learn more about her family 's ancestry became a nightmare for American journalist Roxana Saberi . In January 2009 , several men showed up at the Iranian-American 's door and carted her off to Evin Prison , the notoriously brutal lockup outside Tehran where three American hikers were recently imprisoned . Like Josh Fattal , Sarah Shourd and Shane Bauer , Saberi was accused of being a spy for the U.S. Like them , she denied the accusation . Iran tried , convicted and sentenced Saberi to eight years . But , to her shock , she was freed after 100 days . She returned to the U.S. in May 2009 . On Wednesday , Fattal and Bauer were freed after two years at Evin . Shourd was released last year . CNN talked with Saberi about the advice she would give the hikers and about her experience at Evin . CNN : Did you ever hope that you might be set free , even after your sentence ? Roxana Saberi : I did n't think I was going to be set free after being sentenced to eight years . When they said I was going to be freed , I was in disbelief , very happy disbelief . CNN : You wrote in your book that about gaining a unique kind of mental clarity and toughness . Saberi : I learned over time , especially from my cellmates , that things happen to you , and you ca n't control them . All you can control is your response to them . In prison , you can not control your physical environment . CNN : You can say that , but to actually live that way under those circumstances is another thing . You were interrogated for days on end . Saberi :  The interrogators  were mostly harsh and threatening , but then they would say , "  Oh , are you hungry ? Do you want us to make comfortable ? Do you want some tea or some water ? " I think it was partly to mess with the person 's mind . My cellmates , the women who were prisoners , they are the strong ones . There were times when I was angry and told myself that I hate the sin and not the sinner . I had to learn from my cellmates , who were in prison much longer . I asked them , "  How do you not hate these people for doing this to you ? " Saberi says she nurtured relationships with other prisoners by teaching them English . Many were at Evin for believing in Baha'i , a monotheistic faith believers are persecuted for in Iran . Saberi : These prisoners told me , "  We do n't hate  the guards  , but we forgive them , " which was incredible to me . I tried hard to hate the sin and not the sinner . ... I realized we are all human beings , and  the prison workers  do their jobs to have job security . They get paid for it . Some of them do believe in the ideology , and some do n't . If our captors , I believe , were raised in a different environment , they would n't do what they do . But I really got a lot of strength from other prisoners . We taught each other jokes in our different languages . I taught them vocabulary that had to do with shopping and English curse words . We exercised . CNN : How did you exercise ? Saberi : Sit-ups , push-ups in our cell . We were allowed to go outside four times a day , escorted by guards who pushed and tugged at the chadors we had to wear . The guards would take us to a cement cage -- the walls , all cement and bars . Overhead them , at least you could see sky . CNN : When the guards were marching you back and forth , did you say anything to them ? Did they speak to you ? Saberi : They mostly did n't say anything .  But  a female guard -- she was older -- reached under my chador and grabbed my hand and squeezed it . CNN : Did you see any other humanity like that in your guards ? Saberi : There was humanity in some of them , in this female guard . She seemed to be trying to tell me that everyone would be OK . Toward me , the guards were mostly civil . I did see them yelling at other prisoners . I assume that because I was a foreigner , and Iranians say they are kind to foreigners . We tried to learn more about the women guards , because they would stop by our cells when they were giving us food . They were very tight-lipped and were instructed not to say much about themselves . We got tidbits about their lives . One had kids , and one had a nose job ; this kind of plastic surgery is very popular in Iran . They had the same values -- caring about how they looked -- like other women would have . But I did n't get that close with any of them . They do n't allow it . CNN : Tell me more about how you kept sane , especially in solitary confinement . How did you even keep track of time ? Saberi : Well , I thought I was going crazy . I was in solitary for more than two weeks ; then I was sent to a cell that had state-run TV playing so I could see the time . I could hear the call to prayer and see sun rays cast on the cell walls and floors . CNN : Can you describe what solitary confinement was like ? Saberi : It was dark . I could hold my hands out and touch two walls . There was ratty brown carpet . There was a broke toilet . A military blanket . A sign on the wall quoted  founder and supreme leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran Ayatollah  Khomeini said , "  Prisons must be colleges for human improvement . " There was a window on the ceiling out of reach that was covered with metal mesh and bars . On the other side of my wall , I heard a prisoner whimpering . I was very worried , because no one knew where I was .  Saberi wrote in her memoir "  Between Two Worlds : My Life and Captivity in Iran " that only after many days did Iranian authorities allow her to call her father . They forced her to lie to him in saying that she did n't know where she was and that she was in trouble for drinking alcohol . I tried to keep my sanity by singing songs like Christmas carols and "  We Will Rock you , " and I played notes with my fingers on the wall . I kept saying things that gave me courage like Gandhi 's "  I do believe I am seeking only God 's truth and have lost all fear of man . " CNN : When you were let out of solitary , what happened ? Saberi : They put me in another cell . CNN : And you were held for four months . What did you think when news came last week when the Iranian president said that Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer were going to be released ? And what did you think when they were freed Wednesday ? Saberi : In Iran , you never believe it until you see it . I thought about their families . CNN : You 've talked to their families before . Saberi : I could relate to how worried they were . My parents were in a similar situation . I wanted to comfort them and to explain what prison was like for me . CNN : What would you say to Josh and Shane now ? Saberi : I 'd like to hear from them how their situation was . I hope that they are able to adapt well in this new part of their life and perhaps learned lessons in prison that can help them when they 're free . I would tell them to take their time and not feel pressured to make decisions . This is their time . It 's theirs again .	Iranian-American Roxana Saberi was detained in January 2009 The freelance journalist was accused of being a spy Saberi was held at the same notorious prison as the American hikers The last two hikers were freed Wednesday ; Saberi offers advice to them
CNN  -- The oil spill on the Gulf Coast has states and visitors bureaus working hard to keep the public updated and reassure beach-bound travelers . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida Dime-size to 5-inch tar balls continue to wash up in widely scattered areas of the region , but all of Florida 's beaches remain open , according to Visit Florida , the state 's tourism corporation . "  There have been no reports of Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill-related oil products reaching the shore beyond the Northwest Florida region , " Visit Florida 's website said . The beaches and waters at tourist hot spots like Destin , Fort Walton Beach and Okaloosa Island are open , according to the Emerald Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau , which represents the three destinations . "  The air here is also still fresh and clean , with no smell of oil whatsoever , " the bureau 's website said . A few tar balls have been spotted , however , and there is a chance the area could see the approach of oil sheen in the coming week , according to the bureau . iReport : Share your photos of affected beaches There have been no oil effects in Panama City Beach , Florida , and the area 's beaches and waters are open , the Panama City Beach Convention and Visitors Bureau website said . The water at Pensacola Beach is also open for swimming and fishing , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . A health advisory has been issued for beaches stretching from the Florida-Alabama line to the entrance of Johnson Beach on Perdido Key , the Pensacola Bay Area visitors bureau said . Swimming and fishing in the affected waters are not advised . Gulf Islands National Seashore All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites , which are located in Florida and Mississippi , are open , the park service 's website said . Crews are finishing the cleanup of existing oil on Petit Bois Island , Mississippi . Meanwhile , more oil has been reported approaching Pensacola Pass , between the western point of Fort Pickens on Santa Rosa Island and the eastern coast of Perdido Key , according to the website . Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama , have experienced significant oiling , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . The beaches remain open for sunbathing and walking , but the City of Orange Beach is flying double red flags , meaning the waters are closed to the public . Public beaches in Gulf Shores are flying a yellow flag , meaning that caution is necessary . The Alabama Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan or in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou or Old River . Grand Isle , Louisiana Oil is affecting more than 45 miles of Louisiana coast , according to a state emergency website , although most of the coast is unaffected . "  The primary affected area is from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east . Over 75 percent of Louisiana 's coastal waters extend westward from the mouth of the Mississippi River , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said .	All of Florida 's beaches are open , including tourist hot spots Panama City and Pensacola Visitors advised not to swim in waters from Florida-Alabama line to Perdido Key Health officials have issued advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters
CNN  -- Finding superlative examples of Britain 's national dish is n't as easy as tracking down great cheese in Paris or sublime sushi in Japan . Serving originally as cheap and filling fodder for the country 's burgeoning 19th-century working class , most of the 250 million portions of fish and chips sold today by Britain 's 10,000 or so vendors of the dish -- "  chippies " to locals -- remain unappetizing concoctions of gray-colored fish in soggy batter , accompanied by anemic chips and flaccid little sachets of ketchup . Little wonder that so many first time visitors to the UK wonder what all the fuss is about -- never mind where to find mouthwash strong enough to remove the taste of stale cooking fat from their mouths . That 's a shame , because some establishments are great exceptions to the mediocre rule . Many are family-run enterprises that use local produce and provide an experience that marries the aroma of the ocean with the warmth of the hearth inside one delicious paper-wrapped package . Our 10 of the best fish and chip shops in Britain list culminates with the latest winner of a prestigious national award . 10 . Chez Fred  Bournemouth Commitment to quality shows at every stage at this legendary South Coast chippy , from the chunky chips cooked in rapeseed oil to the house-made mushy peas , a traditional fish and chip accompaniment in Britain . The cod and haddock are certified as sustainable by the Marine Stewardship Council . Ethical but supremely tasty , these are PC fish and chips par excellence . We recommend : plaice fillet with large chips and mushy peas . Chez Fred , 10 Seamoor Road , Westbourne , Bournemouth ; +44 1202 761023 9 . The Company Shed  West Mersea , Essex It 's smart to keep an eye on your watch if you make the journey to this ramshackle but welcoming little seafood shack near the ancient Roman town of Colchester ; if your timing is off , you risk being stranded when the tide surrounds the miniscule island where the chippy perches . Not that this would be such a bad thing , with the fabulous array of seafood to be consumed at the basic picnic tables here , from native oysters at 80p each to crab-and-lobster rolls , cockles , prawns and locally smoked salmon . Prices are a fraction of what you 'd pay in London , and you can bring your own wine . We recommend : the cold seafood platter . The Company Shed , 129 Coast Road , West Mersea , Essex ; +44 1206 382 700 8 . The Big Fish  Stratford-upon-Avon Owner Marina Angelides continued the fishy theme in her career  she used to sing in a band called The Big Catch  when she opened this restaurant and takeaway . Dispensing with the retro  or just shabby  look many chippies favor , the Big Fish is all sweeping windows and smooth design curves . The menu caters to gluten and wheat-intolerant diners , but less picky piscine fans might set their sights on the Big Fish Combo of cod , whitebait , calamari , scampi , haddock goujons  bread-crumbed mini-fillets  , chips , coleslaw and salad . We recommend : wholetail scampi with chips and salad . The Big Fish , Unit 3 , Maybird Shopping Park , Stratford upon Avon ; +44 1789 204 202 7 . Rock and Sole Plaice  London With high prices matched by low quality , the West End of London is something of a fish and chip tourist trap . The venerable Rock and Sole Plaice is a local exception -- this Cypriot-run chippy near Covent Garden Piazza has been serving portions of perfectly flaky battered cod , crunchy chips and mushy peas since 1875 . The West End theater posters lining the walls hint at the odd big name thesp who drops in : both Peter O'Toole and Anthony Hopkins eat here when they 're in town . We recommend : cod and chips with mushy peas . Rock and Sole Plaice 47 Endell St. , London ; +44 207 836 3785 6 . Latimer 's Fish Deli  Sunderland A former fisherman , owner Rob Latimer presides over the unusual combination of fishmonger and chippy on this site . Spanking fresh squid , lobster , crab and langoustines are available alongside the usual fried things . We recommend : the catch of the day . Latimer 's Fish Deli , Shell Hill , Whitburn , Sunderland ; +44 191 529 2200 5 . Burton Road Chippy  Lincoln This prosaically named chippy in genteel Lincoln is almost as much of a local legend as the devilish imps that supposedly escaped from the city 's spectacular cathedral in medieval times . The preferred fish here is battered haddock -- cod typically rules in the south of Britain and haddock in the north . Everything is fried to order and almost all the menu items are prepared on the premises from scratch . We recommend : haddock , chips and scraps  bits of batter from the bottom of the fryer  . Burton Road Chippy , 169 Burton Road , Lincoln ; +44 1522 575 201 4 . Whetstone Fish Bar  Leicester Buried deep in the Midlands , far from the coastline , it 's the commitment to quality ingredients that makes this chippy run by the parents of UK TV presenter Gok Wan stand out -- fish are delivered daily from the port of Grimsby . The fish cakes are tire-sized , and this is just the place to try a chippy custom peculiar to the region : pouring thick gravy over the chips before consuming with the fish .  It 's nicer than it sounds . We recommend : haddock , chips and gravy . Whetstone Fish Bar  no website  , 63 Victoria Road , Whetstone , Leicester ; +44 116 286 6866 3 . Magpie Cafe  Whitby Queues form long before opening at this handsome sandstone old-timer on the harborfront of this sleepy Yorkshire fishing town . The variety of fish stands out here , with sustainable and rarely seen specimens including gurnard , pollock and hake served alongside cod and haddock classics in an oak-beamed dining rooms upstairs . If the restaurant is full , you can sit on the harbor wall with a takeaway . We recommend : fried pollock , chips and mushy peas . Magpie Cafe , 14 Pier Road , Whitby ; +44 1947 602058 2 . Seniors Fish and Chips  Thornton , Lancashire In classic fish and chip territory -- a small northwestern town of narrow Victorian terraced streets -- Seniors has been attracting queues around the block from its car park location since 2006 . Haddock and cod are supplemented by sea bass and plaice . Servers will bake rather than fry for you if the thought of an entire deep-fried fish is going to break your vow to finally lose some weight this year . We recommend : fish goujons , steak pudding and chips . Seniors Fish and Chips , 91 Fleetwood Road North , Thornton ; +44 1253 858585 1 . The Bay  Stonehaven And officially the Best Fish and Chip Shop in Britain ? For 2013 , the winner of this hotly contested competition -- in which everything from customer service to sustainability and hygiene is inspected and marked -- is located in a fishing town on the far northeast coast of Scotland . The Bay 's challenging-sounding specialities include deep-fried black pudding -- a compacted tube of congealed pig 's blood cooked with oatmeal , suet , bread and potato . From its harborside location , the Bay restaurant also serves haddock straight from the North Sea and mackerel caught by a family member . We recommend : haddock and chips with black pudding on the side . The Bay , Beach Road , Stonehaven ; +44 1569 762000	10 superb spots to sample a British culinary classic Taste bud challenging side dishes include chips with gravy And the greatest fish and chip shop of all ?
CNN  -- World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki had to admit to an embarrassing loss on Wednesday , but it wo n't affect her chances of winning her first grand slam title at the Australian Open . The Dane 's post-match press conference was delayed because the 21-year-old misplaced her bag of clothes after a 6-1 7-6  7-4  win over Georgia 's Anna Tatishvili that put her into the third round in Melbourne . "  I left it on the practice court . I went to hit a few minutes after the match , and I left it there . I did n't have any more clothes . So I took a shower , and I 'm looking for my bag and I could n't find it , " said Wozniacki , who will play Romanian 31st seed Monica Niculescu in the last 32 . "  Thankfully , one of the locker room ladies was nice enough to go out and look for it , and it was there . " Nadal into third round as Federer walks it Wozniacki , who fired nine aces in an aggressive on-court display , then had to field questions about her golf star boyfriend Rory McIlroy , revealing that they try each other 's sports and that she is learning from his mental approach . "  It 's just about you ca n't really do anything about the past . You just need to look forward . You have a tournament now , and you want to do the best you can . That 's it , " she said . "  Then if it goes well , it 's great . If not , you have the next one . It 's like tennis . So , you know , it 's just important not to dwell too much in the past . " Wozniacki 's position at the top of women 's tennis is under threat in the next fortnight , with third seed Victoria Azarenka one of the players who can overtake her if she wins her first grand slam . The Belarusian progressed with a 6-1 6-0 demolition of Australia 's Casey Dellacqua in Wednesday 's final women 's match , and will next play Germany 's Monica Barthel -- who eliminated Czech 32nd seed Petra Cetkovska . Last year 's runner-up Li Na continued her impressive start to 2012 with a 6-2 6-2 romp over Australia 's 20-year-old Olivia Rogowska in the day 's opening match . China 's French Open titleholder will face Spanish 26th seed Anabel Medina Garrigues as she seeks to set up a fourth-round rematch with defending champion Kim Clijsters . The Belgian 11th seed had few problems in beating France 's Stephanie Foretz Gacon 6-0 6-1 to earn a tie against Slovakian No. 20 Daniela Hantuchova . Li or Clijsters could potentially face Wozniacki in the last eight . Tenth seed Francesca Schiavone , the 2010 French Open champion , failed to match last year 's quarterfinal effort in Melbourne as she crashed out against fellow Italian Romina Oprandi , losing 6-4 6-3 . The 80th-ranked 25-year-old -- who had never previously progressed past round two in a grand slam -- will next face German 22nd seed Julia Gorges . Chinese 16th seed Peng Shuai also exited , losing 6-2 6-4 to Czech Iveta Benesova -- who earned a clash with Russian debutant Nina Bratchikova . Former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic also won in straight sets to set up a meeting with American 19-year-old Christina McHale , with the Serbian 13th seed on course for a fourth-round clash with Wozniacki as she too continues her bid for a first grand slam title . Polish eighth seed Agnieszka Radwanska also progressed into a third-round tie against Kazakhstan 's world No. 57 Galina Voskoboeva , who has matched her best performance at the tournament .	Top seed Caroline Wozniacki through to the last 32 at the Australian Open Denmark 's world No. 1 will next play Romanian 31st seed Monica Niculescu Third seed Victoria Azarenka also progresses with victory in third round Defending champion Kim Clijsters on course for rematch with Li Na in round four
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Even the most banal question is met with an amusing and thought-provoking response from Jemaine Clement and Bret McKenzie , the two quipsters behind "  Flight of the Conchords . " Jemaine Clement and Bret McKenzie are a struggling musical duo in "  Flight of the Conchords . " "  What 's your favorite color ? " went an innocuous query . "  Transparent , " replied Clement . "  Umm ... bluish-red , " said McKenzie . Wait , is n't that ... purple ? No matter . Absurd comedy comes as easily to the duo as useless advice flows from Murray , their always-dressed-in-brown band manager  played by Rhys Darby  on their hit HBO program . Five minutes in an elevator , a hallway , or an interview room with Clement and McKenzie , and a scene worthy of inclusion on the show effortlessly unfolds . Watch the group talk about the price of fame " Of course the native New Zealanders possess more smarts than their on-screen personas , two scrappy , clueless musicians trying -- and failing miserably -- to break into the music business in New York City . But the resemblance is as clear as the giant , idolizing blue eyes of their lone fan , Mel  Kristen Schaal  . "  Most of the stories are based on things that happened to us , " says McKenzie . "  We take one element , and then we kind of exaggerate it or twist it . " Consider the series ' second episode of the new season  which started earlier this month  , where Bret and Jemaine squabbled over Bret 's "  extravagant " purchase of a new coffee mug  it cost $ 2.79  . Could a similar scenario have played out when the pair lived together as university students in their homeland more than 10 years ago ? "  We were very poor , " recalls Clement . "  Sometimes in our flat we would have so little money that we were trying to think of schemes , like how can we make some money today so that we can have some dinner . " With the economy taking a turn for the worst in recent months , "  Flight of the Conchords " now seems more relevant . "  We basically never set out to have the show be a credit crunch show , " says co-executive producer and co-creator James Bobin . "  But it seems the world has caught up with us . " And CNN caught up with Clement and McKenzie  Bobin , too  to talk about writing silly songs , the sweet tooth of success and to find out why Aussies -- such as CNN 's interviewer -- are always in the cross hairs . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : The show is a big hit around the world . Do you consider yourselves worthy cultural ambassadors for New Zealand ? Jemaine Clement : I think in some ways our characters are typical of New Zealanders . New Zealand has a reputation as being one of the most boring peoples of the world . You do n't know of that ? CNN : I would n't agree with that . Bret McKenzie : Friendly . I think they 're famous for being friendly . Clement : Well , I 've heard boring . CNN : As an Australian , I would like to know why you make fun of Australians so much . McKenzie : Because we find them funny . Clement : We 've toured in Australia and ... it always struck me when we went out to lunch with people how many times we would be made fun of because of our accents . So we stored up all that resentment and we waited years ... McKenzie : And unleashed it . Clement : We 're giving it back to the Australians who made fun of us . CNN : James , what is it like to work with these two ? James Bobin : It 's a pleasure , obviously . We 've been friends for years now . ... The show 's incredibly hard work because obviously we do music and comedy at the same time and that 's quite a challenge . But they 're both very hardworking so it makes it easy . CNN : What 's it like on set ? I imagine when the cameras start rolling that a lot of what happens is improvised . Bobin : To a certain degree , yeah . We have a script that we like ... so we obviously try to nail that first . And from that position we just play with it a little bit and see where we go . Especially with Rhys , because Rhys is such a brilliant improviser and these guys and Rhys do so well together in those scenes in the band meetings . Often they go way off script . Clement : Yeah , we try and write the script with parts that we know we can improvise off . So we leave some things open-ended . McKenzie : It 's between 17 and 18 percent improvised . Clement : But this interview is a hundred percent . CNN : A lot of the musical numbers from the first season you had in stock before you even made the TV show ... Clement : The songs in the second season are not worse than the songs in the first season . CNN : That was n't going to be my question ! How challenging was it to come up with a whole new set of songs ? Clement : Well , I think that was the fun part of the show because playing music is fun . Bobin : Also , we had some stories in mind so this time round we could write songs to fit with the stories -- which was kind of nice because last year it was a bit harder to squeeze the songs into a storyline . It just made for very strange situations . Clement : Yeah , and having the songs in the beginning sometimes leads to boring storylines because all the songs are about girls . So when we have a whole lot of storylines about girls our episodes have to be about girls . So we could go off that a bit this time . CNN : How confident are you both in your abilities as musicians ? McKenzie : 24 to 27 percent . Clement : I 'm 24 . He 's 27 . McKenzie : Combined we 're mediocre . CNN : How are you enjoying the fame that 's come from the success ? McKenzie : Oh it 's lovely . You get free desserts . CNN : Just free desserts ? McKenzie : Free drinks . Sometimes some free shoes . Clement : Sometimes people invade your privacy . McKenzie : Strangers talk to you . Clement : But balanced against the free desserts , it evens out . CNN : Have you encountered any Mel-like fans ? McKenzie : A lot of fans like to come up and say they 're the real Mel . Or "  you 've actually got two fans . " CNN : Did you know someone who was like Murray ? Is he based on a friend or a stereotype ? Clement : In some ways , our real manager in New Zealand . McKenzie : She 's very maternal . I think Murray 's quite a maternal figure . Clement : She gives us lists that are overly detailed . And when we were going to a new country she 'd be very worried for our safety . Not that long ago Tenacious D -LSB- Jack Black 's band -RSB- came to New Zealand and we were asked to open for them , and she did n't know who they were , even though they 're the biggest musical comedy act ever . And that carries through to Murray . CNN : How surprised were you by the success of the show ? McKenzie : I 'm surprised by the diversity of the fans . Like there are people who are our age , which makes sense , and then there are people in their 70s who love the show . And then there are children who love the show . There 's a scene in the show where I watch television in a box . I get a box sent over from New Zealand . And my friend 's son , he watches TV sitting in a box . And he 's 9 . It 's great . HBO , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner .	"  Flight of the Conchords " is offbeat musical-comedy duo and HBO series Members Jemaine Clement and Bret McKenzie are struggling musicians The New Zealanders are enjoying fame , particularly the "  free desserts "
CNN  -- The liberation of St. Louis begins now . Albert Pujols is leaving the city and you are free , dear people , to speak the truth . No longer do you have to cower . No longer do you have to worry about stern looks and furious retorts . No longer do you have to tiptoe around the mighty slugger and his Ruthian numbers , fearful that he might say to hell with riverboat casinos and go elsewhere , someplace warmer . No longer do you have to mindlessly utter the Cardinal company lines about all of Pujols ' charity work and family life and what a wonderful person he is . With Thursday 's news that Pujols has agreed to a 10-year , $ 254 million contract with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim , Cardinals officials , players and fans are finally permitted say what has gone unsaid far too long -- that Albert Pujols is a pain in the rear . I know . Albert loves kids . And puppies . And kids with puppies . He is a devout Christian who has written , "  My life 's goal is to bring glory to Jesus . " His foundation raises large bundles of money to help kids with Down syndrome  and if you do n't believe this , ask anyone associated with Pujols . They 'll tell you . And tell you . And tell you .  . He has never , apparently , drowned a dog or shot himself in the leg . Over the past 11 years , St. Louis ' slugging infielder could do no wrong . And yes , it helped that he averaged 42 homers and 126 RBIs while leading the club to two World Series titles . And yet ... for the hundreds of people who work for the Cardinals , and for the majority of the thousands upon thousands of fans who have asked Pujols for an autograph or a handshake or the smallest of words , the three-time National League MVP is , well , terrible . Having now covered sports for 17 years , I 've witnessed few professional athletes who show greater disrespect and outright disdain for loyalists than Pujols . He is a man who , during spring training , walks from station to station with his head down ; who responds to "  Albert , we love you ! " not with a smile or a nod , but with cold nothingness . When people call his name , he almost never gazes up . When people ask for an autograph , he does n't even bother with a "  Not now " or "  Try me later . " Instead , he turns to devices that men such as Barry Bonds and Jeff Kent perfected in the recent decades -- the steel-faced , how-dare-you-even-talk-to-me , ignore-the-world two-step . It 's not a problem that Pujols does n't say much -- neither does Derek Jeter . It 's not that Pujols is intense -- Jimmy Rollins is certainly right there with him . No , what rubs so many people wrongly is his frostiness . Or , as one longtime Cardinals usher told me last March , "  How about looking up at people when they talk to you ? How about acknowledging that they exist ? " During the waning days of last spring training , I stood alongside Pujols ' table during the annual Cardinals Autograph Day at Roger Dean Stadium in Jupiter , Florida . Admittedly , the event is one that no player enjoys ; a contrived , goofy , strictly-for-the-benefit-of-the-fans labor of torturous obligation . Here is a direct , play-by-play transcript from the opening minutes : Fan : "  Albert , great to meet you ! You 're my favorite player in the world ! " Pujols  not looking up  : "  Thanks . " Fan 2 : "  Albert , do you sign jerseys ? " Pujols :  not looking up  : "  No . " Fan 2 : "  Helmets ? " Pujols  not looking up  : "  No . " Fan 3 : "  Good luck this year , Albert . You deserve everything you get . " Pujols  not looking up  : "  Uh-huh . Thanks . " Fan 4 : "  Albert , my daughter loves you . " Pujols  not looking up  : Because of his endorsement deal with Upper Deck , Pujols signed only pictures and baseballs  every other player signed whatever was presented to him  . To call him rude would be to personify an utter lack of emotion . Pujols was n't rude -- he was absent . And yet , because baseball lathers itself in mythology , and because Pujols was St. Louis ' Zeus , and because St. Louis clutches onto its ballplayers the way a 5-year-old clutches her American Girl doll , nothing negative could ever be said . Truth be told , inside the Cardinals ' clubhouse Pujols was , on his best days , pleasantly present . When asked , younger players would praise his leadership skills because , frankly , that 's what young players do . Yet with last season 's arrival of the affable , open , intelligent Lance Berkman , members of the team were able to witness what genuine leadership looks like . Now , Pujols -- perhaps the most revered Cardinal since Stan Musial -- has pulled a LeBron James II , abandoning his adopted hometown when bigger bucks and a sniff of Hollywood came calling . Whereas once he had a chance to stand alongside Ted Williams and Mickey Mantle and George Brett and Cal Ripken Jr. as legends who spent their entire careers with one franchise , now he is but a nomad -- richer , without question , but shockingly smaller in stature . Though the idea of Pujols in an Angels uniform seems strange at this moment , our eyes will inevitably adjust . And in St. Louis , I believe , so will opinions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Albert Pujols is leaving the Cardinals , and St. Louis should be relieved , Jeff Pearlman says Pujols may be worth a $ 254 million contract with the Angels , but he 's a pain , Pearlman says Pearlman says he 's seen few pro athletes who show more disrespect for loyalists Pujols was St. Louis ' Zeus , and nothing negative could ever be said -- until now , he says
A self-proclaimed animal rights activist in Ohio has been charged with soliciting a hit man to kill a random person wearing fur , either by shooting the individual or slitting his or her throat . Meredith Lowell , 27 , of Cleveland Heights , is accused of creating a phony Facebook profile with the intention of contacting a would-be killer , according to the affidavit filed in an Ohio district court . Lowell allegedly posted on the social media website the following request : "  I would like to create an online community on facebook which would allow me to find someone who is willing to kill someone who is wearing fur toward the end of October 2011 or early November 2011 or possibly in January 2012 or February 2012 at the latest . " An undercover FBI agent then contacted her , posing as a hit man after the agency subpoenaed Facebook to uncover details about her profile . She then allegedly requested that the murder take place at a local library and that she be present so that she could then hand out documents about animal cruelty after the homicide . "  Bring a sharp knife that is at least 4 inches long , it should be sharp enough to stab someone with and/or to slit their throat to kill them , " Lowell allegedly wrote in an e-mail , according to the affidavit . The individual should be at least 12 years old , but "  preferably 14 years or older , " Lowell allegedly wrote . "  I want the person dead in less than 2 minutes  under 2 minutes or 1 minute or less would be better .  " In April 2011 , Lowell allegedly sent an e-mail to the Cleveland Heights Police Department in which she "  indicated that she had been investigating the fur industry and believes the police should also conduct an investigation , " according to the affidavit . Lowell was arrested Tuesday by federal marshals and is awaiting a hearing . Her attorney could not be immediately reached for comment .	Meredith Lowell is accused of contacting a hit man to kill a random fur-wearer She allegedly requested the murder take place at a local library and that she be present She said that the target should be at least 12 years old , but "  preferably 14 years or older " Her attorney could not be immediately reached for comment
Asuogyaman , Ghana  CNN  -- Patricia Mawuli grew up in a mud shack in Ghana 's bush country . As a young girl , she would wistfully watch the planes pass overhead , wishing one day to fly one herself . In 2007 , at the age of 21 , she decided to break into the boy 's club that is Ghana 's flight industry . She walked to Kpong Airfield and asked for job . "  I  told  her no , we do n't employ women , " recalls Jonathan Porter , the airfield 's technical director . "  The whole concept of employing women in an environment where you 're clearing trees and building airplanes did n't seem to me , in my experience , to fit in with the African context , " he admits . Mawuli was persistent , however , and when she offered her services for free , he could n't resist giving her a trial . He gave her a machete and told her to clear tree trunks . To his surprise , she flourished . "  She used her head , not just her muscles , " he recalls . "  She thought about how she did things and took out the trees better than the men . " Not only did Porter give her the job , he taught her how to fly , and in 2009 she became the country 's first female civilian pilot  as well as the first woman in West Africa certified to build and maintain Rotax engines  . "  I said : ' I will do whatever it takes , I 'll work hard , you do n't have to pay me . ' They told me : ` Do n't worry . You are so different . You 've got energy , you have potential . We will do whatever it takes . ' This is when my whole flying career just started to boom , " recalls Mawuli . Since then , Mawuli has been offered jobs from all over the world , but she 's decided to stay put and help grow a generation of female pilots in Ghana . With Porter , she has launched an academy called AV-Tech , which aims to provide young Ghanaian girls with the skills , training and inspiration they need to make it on their own as pilots . "  There are a lot of young people  who  , when they see me ,  are given  hope . It motivates them to learn harder because they believe women actually have something ahead of them , " she says . Some , like Catherine Shelton , have come from as far afield as the United States to learn from Mawuli . "  She 's a very good instructor , " says Shelton . "  She 's taught me general airfield operations -- safety , security --  and  a lot culturally . She 's taught me the difference in the aviation industry here versus the U.S. versus Europe . "  And she keeps me smiling . "	Patricia Mawuli is Ghana 's first female civilian pilot She is also the first woman in West Africa certified to build and maintain Rotax engines Mawuli grew up in a mud shack in the bush , and was denied a position when she first applied She now also teaches flying to young girls in Ghana
Lonely Planet  -- Stingray City is often considered to be one of the best shallow dives and snorkeling spots in the world and an undoubted highlight of any trip to the Cayman Islands . This stretch of sandy seafloor in Grand Cayman 's North Sound is the meeting place for southern stingrays hungry for a meal . As soon as you enter the water , several of the beautiful prehistoric-looking creatures will glide up to you to suck morsels of squid from your tentative fingers . Lonely Planet : The 10 ultimate Bahamas experiences So , how did they get so tame ? Years ago , Grand Cayman 's popular North Sound has a cut in the reef which was a popular route for fishermen to enter and then sit in calm water while cleaning the day 's catch . As they threw the bones and guts overboard , rays would come and feed on the discarded fish parts . These days , the fishermen have long gone but the stingrays remain , flashing their brilliant white undersides as they soar across the reef . Those unaccustomed to seeing rays might not realize what a rare sight this is . Stingrays prefer to bury themselves under the sand , with only their bulbous eyes remaining above the ocean floor , keeping a watchful eye out for predators such as Caribbean reef sharks or hammerheads . Should they be attacked , rays have one weapon in their arsenal -- a serrated , venomous-sheathed barb , four to eight inches long , that can be used to ward off enemies or someone settling on top of them . These can inflict a painful wound in humans which may quickly become infected , and if the barb breaks off , it must be surgically removed . That 's unlikely to happen in this unique sphere , however , where the rays have become accustomed to humans . As tempting as it seems , care should be taken not to touch these wild creatures ; rays have a protective mucous on their skins , and touching them can remove this coating , leaving them vulnerable to infection . Lonely Planet : 10 great Caribbean secrets Diving and snorkeling A popular wading and snorkeling spot , Sandbar , is about two miles east of Stingray City . Here you can watch the rays zip through the waters to be hand-fed squid . Usually they remain here all day , departing at night in search of crustacean snacks along the reef . Stingray City 's famous diving is fun , shallow and located in a beautiful setting . A dive starts with a fascinating insight into the lives of these graceful creatures , and an on-board briefing about how to settle on the bottom and interact with them . While this is mainly a shallow dive site , people snorkel above the feeders to watch as the water is crystal clear . Ray wranglers may even swim up with a ray or two following , to give snorkelers a closer look . Upon descending , hungry rays will probably already be near the boat . If not , it is a thrilling sight to see a group of anywhere from four to 14 stingrays winding their way toward you across the snow white sand . Rays here have been measured at over 4 foot across and weighing over 125 pounds . There have even been reports of 6 foot rays , which far exceeds their normal adult size . There are few places like this in the world to enjoy interaction with such an enigmatic sea creature . Many divers and snorkelers come back for second and third helpings ; so do n't forget to bring a waterproof camera . Lonely Planet : Top 10 Puerto Rico experiences © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Stingray City in Grand Cayman 's North Sound is the perfect spot to feed stingrays The stingrays have grown accustomed to fishermen feeding them Dive and snorkel in Sandbar to get an up-close view of the stingrays
CNN  -- Mara had been putting on weight lately , so those around her thought something was up . But she was on birth control , so if there was to be a baby , that would be a bit of a surprise . Well , SURPRISE ! Mara the hippopotamus is now the proud and doting mother of a healthy calf . The baby does n't have a name yet . The staff at the Los Angeles Zoo has n't been able to get close enough to determine the sex of the newborn . According to a release from the zoo , Mara went into labor Friday while in her outdoor pool but chose to gave birth on dry land . Animal care staff was close by but all went well . New species of frog found in ... NYC Mom , child and father , known as Adhama , can be viewed by zoo visitors each day . This is the first baby hippo at the zoo in 26 years . The staff had guessed that Mara was pregnant but only had limited testing options . Mara , 10 , came to Los Angeles from Topeka , Kansas , in December and instantly bonded with Adhama , who is 3 years old , zoo officials said . Report : Panda may have faked pregnancy for more buns , bamboo CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	This is first hippo calf at Los Angeles Zoo in more than two decades Zoo staff was suspicious about weight gain , but the birth was a surprise Boy or girl ? Zoo not sure as humans have n't been allowed to get close to the baby yet
After months of hints , China announced Friday it will relax its decades-long one-child policy and abolish labor camps in an effort to improve human rights , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Officials had said earlier both controversial policies were under review , but that did not diminish the force of Friday 's announcement . The biggest change could be the abolishment of the so-called "  re-education through labor " system under which tens of thousands are imprisoned in China without trial . Set up in 1957 , the system allows the police to detain petty offenders -- such as thieves , prostitutes and drug addicts -- in labor camps for up to four years without a trial . China 's judicial process itself is already controlled by the ruling Communists in a one-party regime . In a 2009 report to a United Nations human rights forum , the Chinese government acknowledged 320 such facilities nationwide holding 190,000 people . Other estimates have put the number of inmates much higher . Critics have long accused of the authorities of misusing the camps to silence so-called trouble makers , including political dissidents , rights activists and Falun Gong members . Chinese labor camp inmate tells of true horror of Halloween ` SOS ' As part of the reforms , China said it will reduce the number of crimes subject to the death penalty . Even those who know little about China have likely heard about its one-child policy . China 's family planning laws require most families living in urban areas to have one child . The policy will be slightly relaxed so that couples will be allowed to have two children if one of the parents was an only child , Xinhua reported . Currently , both parents must be sole children to be eligible for a second child . Glut of women at Shanghai 's marriage market The one-child policy , though applauded by many for slowing down China 's population growth , has been widely criticized for resulting in forced abortions and hefty fines that are sometimes used to enforce it . Some critics say the law hurts China 's elderly , who typically rely on their children for support in old age , and even constrains economic growth as the working age population begins to decline . "  Since the policy now allows it , I will definitely have a second child , " one 25-year-old woman in Beijing told CNN . "  It 's too lonely for a single child . " Another man , walking through the Beijing metro with his girlfriend , agreed . "  When I get married , I would prefer having two children as I 'm the only child in my family . My childhood was a bit boring , " he said . A third commuter also praised the changes : "  It 's a great new policy . Raising three kids is a bit stressful , but two are just perfect . " The girl with no identity : Being a second child in China	China announces changes to one-child policy and labor camps Labor camps will be abolished , state-run news agency reports China has hinted at these changes in recent months
CNN  -- With President Barack Obama 's approval rating hovering in the low to mid-40s -- it was 45 % in CNN/ORC International 's recent poll -- Democrats in tough contests are largely keeping their distance from the president 's tarnished reputation . And as Election Day has drawn closer , those differences have become more pronounced . Republican opponents are trying harder than ever to link their rivals to the president , forcing Democrats to visibly distinguish themselves from the White House . Here are seven Democratic candidates who 've kept Obama on the sidelines : 1 . Alison Lundergan Grimes , Kentucky . As the Democrat challenging the Senate 's top Republican in a state that voted for Mitt Romney two years ago , Grimes has been perhaps the most high-profile candidate to keep her distance from Obama . Most notably , she refuses to say whether she voted for the president , citing a matter of principle of privacy at the ballot box as her reason for not answering the question . She 's been pressed about her support for the president because she 's made a blatant attempt to paint herself as the Democratic antithesis to the commander in chief . "  I 'm not Barack Obama , " she said in a campaign ad . "  I disagree with him on guns , coal and the EPA . " 2 . Sen. Mark Begich , Alaska . Only 41 % of Alaska voters sided with Obama in 2012 , so Begich knows all too well that it 's not a smart strategy to be a champion for the president . In fact , he likes to think of himself more as a "  thorn . " "  I 'll be a thorn in his -LSB- posterior -RSB- , " Begich told the Washington Post . "  There 's times when I 'm a total thorn , you know , and he does n't appreciate it . " Last week he admitted he voted for Obama but argued that his voting record was irrelevant because "  the president 's not relevant " and will be "  gone in two years . " A limited role for Obama in his final campaign And earlier this year he told CNN that he does n't need Obama to campaign for him in Alaska . "  I need him to change some of his policies . " Regardless of how big of a thorn he is , Begich has a tough hill to climb to win a second term . He barely squeaked out a win in 2008 over then-longtime Sen. Ted Stevens , who at the time was buried in an ethics scandal . And a CNN/ORC poll from early October had Sullivan leading Begich , 50 % to 44 % . 3 . Sen. Mark Udall , Colorado . Udall was expected to have a smooth ride to re-election until Republican Rep. Cory Gardner entered the race in March . Obama attended a Democratic fundraiser in Denver this summer , with half of the money raised going to Udall 's campaign . But the senator was n't there . His staff chalked up the absence to last-minute votes and legislative activity . The episode was foreshadowed somewhat when Udall refused to answer questions from CNN 's Dana Bash earlier this year over whether he 'd want to campaign with Obama . In another example , Udall tried to take a stake out a firm line on airstrikes against ISIS , saying in September he wo n't give "  this president -- or any other president -- a blank check to begin another land war in Iraq . " 4 . Sen. Kay Hagan , North Carolina . Hagan is running for a second term in a state that voted for Obama in 2008 but not in 2012 . As a result , she 's had to strike a balance between appealing to the pro-Obama factions in her state -- mostly concentrated in the college hubs and big cities -- and the more rural parts of North Carolina . Senate math seems impossible to some Democrats She exhibited this fine line in August , when she publicly criticized the president over the Veterans Affairs scandal in remarks released ahead of her speech at the American Legion . But when he showed up to also speak at the event , she warmly greeted him at the airport . Last week she reluctantly admitted that the president has n't shown strong leadership . And when he visited North Carolina in January , she avoided him entirely . 5 . Sen. Mary Landrieu , Louisiana . Landrieu has tried to paint herself as someone willing to go toe-to-toe with the Obama administration , especially when it comes to energy policy . She uses her position as chairman of the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources as a major selling point in her campaign , and has sided with Republicans in pushing for the approval of the Keystone XL Pipeline . In an ad , she 's seen saying "  the administration 's policies are simply wrong when it comes to oil and gas production in this nation . " Last year Landrieu declined to attend a visit by Obama to her state , though she still hitched a ride aboard Air Force One with the President on his way to Louisiana . 6 . Jeanne Shaheen , New Hampshire . Shaheen 's Republican challenger , Scott Brown , ca n't say one sentence without highlighting that Shaheen with Obama voted 99 % of the time . Shaheen says she 's proud of her record , but she 's still not angling for a visit by the president . Asked whether she would want him to campaign for her , Shaheen said "  we have a lot going on . " "  I do n't think it makes sense for the president to come to New Hampshire , " she continued , while answering the question at the CNN/NH1 debate last week . But she 's happily welcomed former President Bill Clinton , and Hillary Clinton is set to visit this weekend . 7 . Mark Pryor , Arkansas . Fighting to keep his seat against GOP challenger Rep. Tom Cotton , Pryor has also sought to strike a balance between the politics of his state and on the national level . For example , he backs a minimum wage hike that 's on the ballot in Arkansas , but he opposes Obama 's proposal to raise the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 . Like other vulnerable Senate candidates -- such as Shaheen , Udall and Hagan -- Pryor has also called for travel restrictions to help prevent Ebola from spreading to the United States , a policy the Obama administration has not pushed . Pryor made headlines earlier this month when he sounded unsure of how to answer a question about Obama 's handling of the Ebola situation .	Democratic candidates in tough races are trying to keep President Obama at arm 's length Many of those candidates are fighting in largely red states Obama 's approval rating hovers in the mid to low 40s
Earlier this month , the House majority leader , Eric Cantor , rolled out to much fanfare a new "  branding effort " for the Republican Party , focused on broadening its appeal and helping the middle class . It seemed hopeful at the time . Sadly , today it is laughable . We are days away from severe forced spending cuts that will do nothing but hurt the very people the GOP is trying to win over . Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana recently declared that Republicans had to stop being "  the stupid party " if they were ever going to put together the long-term winning coalition they needs to reach the White House in 2016 . Sorry , governor : your party did n't listen . If the forced cuts , known as the sequester , go through , 14,000 teachers could get laid off -- affecting thousands of middle-class families , including many African-American and Latino families . Construction jobs , manufacturing jobs , first-responder jobs -- all well-paying middle-class jobs , will get cut . Castellanos : On cuts , Washington throws a tantrum Domestic violence programs will be slashed as $ 20 million gets cut from the Violence Against Women Act . Public safety in many ways will suffer . Food inspectors will get laid off . Up to 5,000 Border Patrol agents will be called from the border -- the mother of ironies for the Republicans who complain that the administration is n't doing enough on border security . This is not what was supposed to happen . Sequestration was designed to be a bipartisan stink bomb so noxious to both parties that neither would allow it to happen . It was a release valve that allowed the parties to reach a deal on the debt limit in the summer of 2011 to avoid sending the nation into default , with the understanding that a broader agreement on the debt and deficit would be reached . If it was n't , off went the bomb . What happened between then and now ? President Barack Obama won reelection by voters who support his idea of dealing with the debt and deficit -- by asking everyone to put some skin in the game . He was seen as the protector of the middle class , and importantly , as the one who understood that government is not the enemy . That in fact , a lean , efficient , smart government , can help level the playing field and help all Americans and businesses get ahead . Opinion : Cuts too deep ? No , not deep enough This argument was overwhelmingly supported by Latinos , African-Americans , women and young people and helped propel the president to a second term . Then came the fiscal-cliff debacle , where again , majorities of Americans sided with the president on how to fix it . Republicans acquiesced , and it seemed they knew they had to change their tune . In his GOP rebranding speech , Cantor said : "  We will advance proposals aimed at producing results in areas like education , health care , innovation and job growth . " That sounded smart enough . But in this current showdown du jour , Republicans have proven they are unserious . The party can not see beyond its insistence on protecting the rich from paying even a single penny more , while welcoming draconian cuts to programs that hurt the middle class and the most vulnerable , especially in the areas of education , health care , innovation and job growth . Zelizer : If spending is cut , GOP will get the blame Instead of trying to find a way to avoid these steep cuts , and to keep faith with their newfound concern for the middle class , Republicans are doubling down on the "  my way or the highway " mentality that put them in an electoral hole to begin with . The party 's deficit among these key voting groups will only get bigger if the GOP allows the spending cuts to go through . The risk to their standing among the American people is quite real . They are making a choice to protect loopholes for millionaires and their corporate jets while kicking 70,000 kids off critical Head Start programs -- and many of these kids come from low-income African American and Latino families . Thousands of middle-class American jobs are on the chopping block because the Republican Party did not learn the lesson of the election . While there is political risk for everyone , including Obama , if these cuts happen , he enjoys something the GOP does not : the trust of the American people . Recent polling suggests up to half of Americans would blame Republicans . Less than a third would blame President Obama . Polls also show that an overwhelming 76 % of voters , and 56 % of Republicans , agree with the president that the solution to our fiscal woes should include a mix of spending cuts and tax increases . Obama 's approval rating is at 55 % , a three-year high . He is at 73 % of support with Latinos , up 2 points from his 71 % election victory -- not a promising trend for Republicans . When you are in a hole , the best advice is to stop digging . The GOP seems to prefer to grab a bigger shovel .	Maria Cardona : Looming cuts make Cantor 's strategy to draw middle class to GOP laughable She says forced budget cuts will hurt thousands of the very people GOP wants to attract She says voters elected Obama to boost programs all threatened by cuts Cardona : Obama approval rating high . Not so GOP 's . If cuts happen , voters will blame GOP
Newark , New Jersey  CNN  -- It 's something you do n't see every day : A Republican governor speaking at an inner city church , trying to end the stigma associated with drug addiction . "  We have to acknowledge the disease and treat their illness , " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie told a crowd gathered here for a forum he organized . "  We would never stigmatize someone who has cancer . Yet , we feel free to stigmatize someone who may have tried - made one bad decision - and because of their makeup , they become an addict . " For Christie , working with former drug addicts could be helpful if he decides to run for president in 2016 . The image could humanize a governor who is better known for his tough talking , finger wagging style -- especially after his administration was engulfed by the scandal surrounding the closing of the George Washington Bridge . But Christie said he is n't doing anything different . "  It 's always been there , " Christie said of his compassionate side . "  The fact is that 's the stuff that gets the most publicity because it 's the most entertaining on TV , and I get that . " "  You need to be compassionate and you need to listen , and I have the ability to do that too , " Christie insists . Just do n't call him a compassionate conservative , a term first coined by George W. Bush during his first presidential bid . "  Listen , the term has already been used by a previous president , " Christie tells us . "  I think this is just me being myself . I care about people no matter what stage of life they 're at , no matter what circumstance they 're confronted with , " he says , quickly adding that "  when it 's required to get in someone 's face and tell them off , I 'll do that too . " Luckily , he laughingly assured this reporter that was n't "  required " -- at that moment . Christie held his forum on drug addiction at the church where Whitney Houston grew up and learned to perform . In 2012 , the church hosted her funeral after Houston lost her battle with drugs . "  The reason we 're here is because of Whitney Houston in a respect because I came here for the funeral , invited here by her mom . That 's where I met Pastor Joe Carter , who was my partner today and the pastor of this church for the past 22 years , and we 've been talking about this issue a lot since then , " says Christie . When Houston died , Christie lowered the state 's flags , and got blow back for honoring an addict - precisely the kind of stigma he 's trying to change . Addiction is a very personal issue for Christie . His close friend from law school died of an overdose earlier this year . "  I ca n't tell you how many times all of us - friends of his , dear friends - intervened and got him to treatment , dealt with his wife and his children and tried to help him . Now , we could n't , " Christie told the audience . The governor wants to change the way the legal system treats nonviolent drug offenders , providing them treatment instead of jail sentences . Still , he draws a bright line between destigmaizing drug addiction and decriminalizing drug use . "  I think they 're two big differences right ? " Christie said . "  I do n't think we should be telling our children this is ok . And by decriminalizing it , I think we 're telling them it 's ok . It 's not OK . You should never make this choice in the first place , but If you do , and you become addicted and are subject to that disease , then we need to treat you and destigmatize that treatment . " But he added : "  I do n't think decriminalization and destigmatization have to go together . In fact , I would argue that decriminalization would lead to more addicts and that 's not something we want . " Christie 's comments mark a shift in tone among Republicans when it comes to drugs . Richard Nixon first launched the so-called war on drugs and Nancy Reagan kept the effort alive through the 1980s with her "  just say no " campaign . But Christie says the war on drugs has failed . "  The war on drugs was well-intentioned , " he said . "  It just has not worked . We know much more today than we knew 30 years ago , that this is a disease -- about it being physiological , and in some places genetic -- and so we need to treat that disease . " He added : "  I think Mrs. Reagan and those who fought the war on drugs that way absolutely were trying to be the most effective they could be and were operating with the best information they had at the time . But it 's been thirty plus years now , and we have more information and we should evolve over time to be more effective . " Christie 's views on drug abusers - treating not jailing them - sets him apart from other high profile Republicans , especially those considering a run for the White House . Most potential 2016 GOP contenders are maintaining a hardline on drugs , if they talk about the issue at all . Still , another potential 2016 candidate -- Kentucky GOP Sen. Rand Paul , R - KY -- comes closest to Christie with his push to curb the mandatory minimum drug sentencing that was once a staple of Republican tough on crime policy . Christie frames his views as consistent with self-described pro life conservatives , who value life above all else . But they could backfire with conservatives -- voters he needs to win the GOP presidential nomination -- who do n't see the connection . "  Listen , I 'll take whatever risk I need to take if I 'm telling the truth as I see it , and the fact is it was well-intentioned , " Christie said . "  I 'm not worried about turning anybody off . I want to tell people the truth , " he said . But if Christie is so willing to use the personal experience of a friend overdosing to try to destigmatize drug abuse , what about his very different , very personal battle : his weight . After all , obesity is an epidemic in America . "  Sure , I think at some point when appropriate , I would because I know that struggle personally and I know how difficult that is , " Christie said when asked whether he might the issue as part of his public platform . Christie 's waist size has shrunk since he underwent lap-band surgery in 2013 . But he was reluctant to tell people how they should lose weight . "  I want to be careful because I do n't want to proselytize because I know how difficult it is to deal with this problem and I know it 's been more difficult at times when people who feel that -LSB- they -RSB- are struggling with it , that they 're being lectured , " Christie said . "  I 've gone through that . " Does he think obesity is an addiction ? "  I do n't know the answer to that question but what I will tell you is that I know it 's a struggle and I 've had that struggle and continue to have that struggle , " Christie responded . "  But I 'm doing well now and I want to continue doing well . " Christie held the drug forum as 2016 speculation intensifies . He sidestepped questions about whether Mitt Romney - a good friend of his - should make a third White House run . "  I have great respect and affection and admiration for Mitt and for Ann , " he said . "  They 're both real friends , not political friends . And that 's up to him . He gets to make that decision . If he wants to do it again , more power to him . If he does n't , that 's ok too . " Christie insists his own decision about whether to throw his hat in the presidential ring is "  absolutely " independent of anyone else - from Romney to Jeb Bush . So when will he decide ? "  I 'll make a decision after the first of the year , " he said . He really has n't decided , we ask incredulously ? "  I really have n't decided , " Christie says with a mischievous smile . "  I 'm not kidding around . " CNN 's Adam Levy contributed to this report	Chris Christie to CNN : Must end stigma associated with drug abuse Christie prefers sending nonviolent offenders to treatment instead of jail Christie is a potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate
CNN  -- As she approaches the fifth anniversary of the accident that paralyzed her , record-breaking Paralympic gold medallist Mallory Weggemann is in defiant mood . The 23-year-old is determined January 21 will not be a day tainted with bitterness ; instead she will focus on the string of seismic achievements she has made since her life was irreparably altered . The current holder of 15 swimming world records refuses to accept the normal limits associated with disability , underlined by her latest conquest -- skiing . Growing up in Minnesota , Weggemann says she used to dread the complexities thrown up by heavy snow that sometimes lingers for months , but after taking to the slopes in Stratton , Vermont , she feels she 's reclaimed another slice of independence . "  It 's been fun to be out there on the snow again and not be confined to four wheels , " Weggemann told CNN from the slopes in Vermont . "  I 'm reaching my five year anniversary of my paralysis in January and I have n't been able to enjoy winter yet . I grew up in Minnesota , with snow all around for a good six months of the year . "  Five years ago when this happened I did n't obviously think I 'd be up skiing on a mountain and I definitely did n't know what my life would look like five years from that point . "  I try not to look at the anniversary - January 21st - as a sad or depressing day , or look at it for what I lost . I try to look at everything I 've accomplished and gained and all the opportunities I 've had . "  I still truly believe the life I 've lived since becoming paralyzed is far fuller than the life I may have lived if I was n't paralyzed . "  I 'd done a little bit of skiing before I was paralyzed and I wanted to be able to find a way to enjoy snow again , to enjoy the winter months . I used to dread them . " Weggemann was only 19 when she became paralyzed from the waist down . A routine epidural injection during a bout of shingles went wrong and changed the course of her life forever . Unbowed she has spent the last half decade smashing down the barriers most people assume are erected the instant such a tragedy occurs . Within four months of the accident , the 23-year-old was back in the pool and about to launch a new career that would see her claim 13 gold medals at the 2009 and 2010 World Championships . As well as her world records she also holds 34 U.S. records . Weggemann seems to take disappointment in her stride . Despite having her disability reclassified by the event 's governing body on the eve of the Paralympics last year , Weggemann absorbed the blow and took her first gold medal at the Games in the 50m freestyle , also adding a bronze in the 4x100m medley . Her foray into the world of skiing is just the latest challenge she has overcome , as she works her way down a list that might deter even the fittest able-bodied athlete . Armed only with a mono ski , and two hand skis , Weggemann had completed just one day of training with Rob Willis -- an instructor at Stratton Mountain -- before she was let loose on the slope 's quickest runs . Willis says the mental fortitude of his apprentice was unlike any he has come across before . "  Mallory is by far the best student I 've ever had , " he said . "  She 's just a natural athlete . She 's amazing and has the right attitude to go far . "  We were already on the top of the mountain on her second day of skiing . I think besides being physically in shape , mentality is the most important thing . Mallory 's approach to it has helped her get the hang of it really quickly . "  She 's absolutely amazing ; I could only hope to be as dedicated as she is . She 's the sort of person that if you put a barrier in front of her she 'll go and smash it down . I think if people watch her and see what she does it can be an amazing motivator for them . " Weggemann does not just accept her position as a role model , she embraces it . "  I had a lot of people tell me about things I would never do again , " she explained . "  It was one of those moments when I realized the only person who can put restrictions on me is me . "  I almost became a bit more hungry for life in general . All of a sudden my ambition changed , my drive , my passion , ever since that day I 've had a change in perspective , to live everything to the full and take advantage of all these opportunities . "  There are a lot of things out there I want to try that I did n't know that I had the desire to do before I was paralyzed . One of the big things I want to do is to try and raise awareness , to show what individuals with disabilities can do . "  It 's raising awareness that our life is n't any different and we as individuals are not different . I think our society puts that on disability and focuses on what people ca n't do , but we can do those things , we might do them differently , but we can do them . "  It 's my hope in doing things like this , that I can encourage not only our society to feel differently but hopefully raise awareness so other individuals with disabilities can see the opportunities they have as well . " So now the skiing box has been ticked , what is next on Weggemann 's to-do list ? "  I 'd love to find a way to walk with leg braces and arm crutches , " she said . "  I do n't have any function in my legs but I know there 's a way you can do it using your abs , so walking is definitely on my list in this next year . "  I 'm getting ready to go scuba diving in the spring for the first time since being paralyzed and down the road one of my really big goals is to climb Mount Kilimanjaro . "  My dad is an avid mountain climber and he 's scaled various different mountains . I 'd love to get my dad back on a mountain and do it with him . The list is quite long ! "	U.S. Paralympic swimmer Mallory Weggemann conquers the slopes of Vermont The 23-year-old is determined to enjoy winter despite difficulties of being in a wheelchair A monoski took Weggemann down the slopes as she nears fifth anniversary of accident Her next challenge is scuba diving before climbing Mount Kilimanjaro with her father
CNN  -- A Los Angeles Police officer was caught on an audio recording allegedly making racial slurs during an encounter with some young black men outside a bar in Norco , California . The incident took place in 2012 , according to a report this week by CBS-LA reporter David Goldstein , which included audio of the the officer 's remarks . And a panel assembled to conduct a formal disciplinary hearing subsequently recommended that the cop , Shaun Hillmann , be fired . But LAPD Chief Charlie Beck overruled the decision , issuing a 65-day suspension instead . Apparently , Chief Charlie Beck thinks it is tolerable to have officers on the beat who use the N-word -- as a bar security guard alleged Hillman did -- and refer to young black men as "  monkeys , " as Hillman can be heard doing on the audio recording . Now , I acknowledge Hillman was off duty . But a law enforcement officer is sworn to uphold and enforce our laws equally among our citizens without regard to skin color , and has no right to bigotry even while off duty , even while upset or even while impaired . When I think about officer Hillman 's alleged encounter , I am reminded again of the troubling overrepresentation of black men in the criminal justice system . Nearly 1 of every 100 Americans serves jail time , and there are nearly six times as many black inmates as there are whites . Is that because some cops think the use of the N-word is acceptable or think of young black men as "  monkeys ? " Or perhaps it has something to do with what President Barack Obama addressed when he remarked that "  African-American young men are disproportionately involved in the criminal justice system , that they are disproportionately both victims and perpetrators of violence . " Or , more likely , it 's a self-reciprocating reaction to both . If some cops exhibit racism , are black men justified in being distrustful of cops ? If black men are more likely to be seen as perpetrators of violence , are cops justified in being more wary of black men ? Should you be tempted to ask yourself "  which came first ? " -- that will take you back to a time when virtually all black men in America were in shackles , and that line of thinking is n't productive . A better question to ask is "  Who is in the best position to break the cycle ? " The answer is this : The person in authority . In our communities , police officers are the face of authority . They are the first responders to calls for justice or help . When they respond to a call , they decide how to treat the parties involved . They decide whether or not to make an arrest . As a society that struggles with a deep race problem , we have to trust that our police officers are not racists . When we encounter a cop who displays blatant bigotry -- even when he is off duty -- we can not tolerate it . By allowing the officer who allegedly made these racial slurs to remain on the force -- even after a disciplinary board rules that he should be fired -- LAPD Chief Beck has sent a message to all young black men in Los Angeles that his officers are not to be trusted . This could have disastrous consequences for all the LAPD officers who are honorable and serve their community with integrity and who treat citizens with respect . Allowing racist officers to remain on the beat institutionalizes racism and it endangers good cops . In the face of this , here are some things to remember if you 're a young black man , and you encounter a racist cop : Be better than the cop . If you allow an officer to provoke you , you 're much more likely to be arrested . Whatever you say will be put in the police report , and it will be used against you by the prosecutor . If you run , or resist , or fight , it will be used against you . It makes it harder for defense attorneys like me to help , and in the end , one gross injustice can be compounded by another . But that does n't mean anyone should stand by and do nothing . More and more police departments record interactions between citizens and police . When there is evidence of racism in these transactions , report it . Report it and demand action . We can start with demanding action from LAPD Chief Charlie Beck .	Mark O'Mara : LAPD cop caught on audio recording allegedly making racial slurs outside bar He says disciplinary hearing recommended he be fired ; chief suspended him instead Black men overrepresented in criminal justice system . Racism from cops hurts trust , he says O'Mara : Allowing racist officers to remain institutionalizes racism and endangers good cops
Mashable  -- After initially dismissing the reports about the iPhone 4 antenna reception issue , Apple has officially admitted it exists , promising a software fix in a couple of weeks . There 's a catch , though . Apple 's promised fix may not be good news for users experiencing the problem . Apple claims it has erroneously calculated the formula which displays signal bars on the iPhone , and therefore the iPhone has been showing too many bars in areas with weak signal strength . Here 's how Apple explains it : "  Users observing a drop of several bars when they grip their iPhone in a certain way are most likely in an area with very weak signal strength , but they do n't know it because we are erroneously displaying 4 or 5 bars . Their big drop in bars is because their high bars were never real in the first place . " Unfortunately , this seems like Apple is only acknowledging one part of the problem . Anandtech 's in-depth analysis showed that the signal drop when you grip the iPhone 4 by its lower-right side is very real . Therefore , Apple 's fix probably wo n't fix that part -- arguably the biggest part -- of the problem , and will merely make the iPhone 4 display fewer bars in weak signal areas . Interestingly enough , Apple claims the miscalculation was present "  since the original iPhone , " so the fix will apply to older generation iPhones as well . Here 's Apple 's official announcement : Dear iPhone 4 Users , The iPhone 4 has been the most successful product launch in Apple 's history . It has been judged by reviewers around the world to be the best smartphone ever , and users have told us that they love it . So we were surprised when we read reports of reception problems , and we immediately began investigating them . Here is what we have learned . To start with , gripping almost any mobile phone in certain ways will reduce its reception by one or more bars . This is true of iPhone 4 , iPhone 3GS , as well as many Droid , Nokia and RIM phones . But some users have reported that iPhone 4 can drop four or five bars when tightly held in a way which covers the black strip in the lower left corner of the metal band . This is a far bigger drop than normal , and as a result some have accused the iPhone 4 of having a faulty antenna design . At the same time , we continue to read articles and receive hundreds of emails from users saying that iPhone 4 reception is better than the iPhone 3GS . They are delighted . This matches our own experience and testing . What can explain all of this ? We have discovered the cause of this dramatic drop in bars , and it is both simple and surprising . Upon investigation , we were stunned to find that the formula we use to calculate how many bars of signal strength to display is totally wrong . Our formula , in many instances , mistakenly displays two more bars than it should for a given signal strength . For example , we sometimes display four bars when we should be displaying as few as two bars . Users observing a drop of several bars when they grip their iPhone in a certain way are most likely in an area with very weak signal strength , but they do n't know it because we are erroneously displaying four or five bars . Their big drop in bars is because their high bars were never real in the first place . To fix this , we are adopting AT&T 's recently recommended formula for calculating how many bars to display for a given signal strength . The real signal strength remains the same , but the iPhone 's bars will report it far more accurately , providing users a much better indication of the reception they will get in a given area . We are also making bars one , two and three a bit taller so they will be easier to see . We will issue a free software update within a few weeks that incorporates the corrected formula . Since this mistake has been present since the original iPhone , this software update will also be available for the iPhone 3GS and iPhone 3G . We have gone back to our labs and retested everything , and the results are the same - the iPhone 4 's wireless performance is the best we have ever shipped . For the vast majority of users who have not been troubled by this issue , this software update will only make your bars more accurate . For those who have had concerns , we apologize for any anxiety we may have caused . As a reminder , if you are not fully satisfied , you can return your undamaged iPhone to any Apple Retail Store or the online Apple Store within 30 days of purchase for a full refund . We hope you love the iPhone 4 as much as we do . Thank you for your patience and support . Apple © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Apple has promised a software fix for all generation iPhones in a few weeks Apple claims it has erroneously calculated the formula which displays signal bars Apple may not fix the iPhone 4 gripping issue , what many people argue is the main problem Software fixes will only address the number of signal bars displayed on iPhone screens
CNN  -- Facetime with Abdalla Salem El-Badri , Secretary General of OPEC Abdalla Salem El-Badri , Secretary General of OPEC , says $ 40 a barrel is not enough for oil producing countries in the current economic climate . In a TV exclusive , Abdalla Salem El-Badri , Secretary General of OPEC , talks to Marketplace Middle East on how $ 40 per barrel is not enough for oil-producing countries , and the ongoing search for the right balance for the consumer and the producer . The Secretary General says the Organization is prepared to trim more production if demand continues to fall and urges Non-OPEC producers to do the same . In focus : London Philharmonic Orchestra Ever think you 'd hear of a Qatar , Abu Dhabi or Dubai Philharmonic Orchestra ? Well , it wo n't be long before you do . The London Philharmonic Orchestra is selling its brand to the Middle East . Can they succeed ? Or will they hit the wrong note amidst the global downturn ? Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1945 Saturday : 0645 Sunday : 0815	Abdalla Salem El-Badri , Secretary General of OPEC , talks exclusively to MME El-Badri is prepared to trim production if demand falls any further Plus , The London Philharmonic Orchestra is selling its brand to the Middle East Can an orchestra succeed in this region ?
CNN  -- World champion race driver Jenson Button has joined the McLaren Formula One team , McLaren announced Wednesday . The jump to powerhouse McLaren -- already the home of previous world champion Lewis Hamilton -- creates the first team to start a season with the two previous world champions racing together , McLaren said . British media reports said the deal was worth $ 30 million over three years . Both Button , 29 , and Hamilton , 24 , are British . Button visited McLaren headquarters earlier this month as he was being lured to the team , he said in a statement Wednesday . "  It was n't simply the technical resources and the incredible standards of excellence that impressed me , " Button said . "  I was equally struck by the ambition , the motivation and the winning spirit that flow through everybody there . And then there 's the team 's epic history : put it this way , the trophy cabinets seem to stretch for miles . " The Guardian newspaper reported that Button 's former team , Brawn GP , offered to double Button 's salary to keep the driver for 2010 , but the terms were rejected . News of the decision coincides with an official announcement from German carmaker Mercedes-Benz that their allegiance has moved from McLaren to Brawn ; the current champion constructors will compete under the Mercedes banner next season . Button 's switch comes after news that former world champion Kimi Raikkonen will not race in Formula One in 2010 , after failing to secure a team . The Finn 's manager , David Robertson , told the BBC he had been trying to secure a deal with McLaren for the former Ferrari driver but the offer had not been enough for the 30-year-old to sign . It seems Raikkonen will now turn his attention to the World Rally Championship instead : "  It was n't in his interests to race for what -LSB- McLaren -RSB- were offering so he 's going to go rallying , " Robertson said . What do you think of Button 's move ? Have your say in our Sound Off below .	Jenson Button signs a three-year deal with McLaren according to British media reports Button visited McLaren headquarters earlier this month as he was being lured to the team Former world champion Kimi Raikkonen will not race in Formula One in 2010
Health.com  -- Women who take fish-oil supplements during pregnancy are just as likely to experience postpartum depression as those who do n't , and their babies ' minds do n't appear to develop more quickly , according to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association . However , the supplements do appear to reduce the risk of preterm birth , a benefit seen in earlier studies . Previous research has suggested that eating more fish during pregnancy may help stave off postpartum depression and promote cognitive development in young children . Both fish and fish-oil supplements contain the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid  DHA  , which is believed to play an important role in brain function . Health.com : Supplements for depression : what works , what does n't "  It may be that there are certain other things about eating fish , not just the fish oil , that -LSB- are -RSB- beneficial , " says Dr. Cheryl Cipriani , M.D. , an infancy specialist and professor of medicine at the Texas A&M Health Science Center , in Dallas . The overall diet -- or even the lifestyle -- of pregnant women who eat a lot of fish may explain the benefits seen in earlier studies , says Cipriani , who was not involved in the new research . In the new study , the largest of its kind to date , researchers in Australia randomly assigned about 2,400 pregnant women to take 800 milligrams of DHA per day or placebo capsules containing vegetable oil . The rates of postpartum depression six months after the women gave birth were not measurably different in the DHA group  10 percent  versus the placebo group  11 percent  . Health.com : How omega-3 fatty acids may relieve depression Nor did the children of the women in the two groups score any differently at age 18 months on a series of tests designed to measure cognitive , motor , and communication skills .  Only about 700 children participated in this phase of the study . As in previous studies , women taking DHA supplements were less likely to give birth prematurely . And that may be enough of a reason for pregnant women to take them , says Dr. Emily Oken , M.D. , an associate professor of population medicine at Harvard Medical School , in Boston . "  I think it 's clear from the studies that -LSB- supplements -RSB- are safe and seem to have benefits for the prevention of preterm birth , " says Oken , who wrote an editorial accompanying the study . "  There 's still reasonable evidence to suggest that it 's helpful for women to make sure they 're getting the recommended amount of DHA during pregnancy , which is currently 200 milligrams a day . " DHA supplements may be most useful to women who are at risk of delivering early , such as those who have already had a preterm baby , are carrying twins , or who conceived via in vitro fertilization . Preterm birth itself has been linked to worse cognitive outcomes in children and an increased risk of postpartum depression , Oken points out . Health.com : Foods to boost your mood The findings are n't likely to be the last word on DHA during pregnancy . Experts say the study had several limitations that will need to be addressed in future research . For instance , the study may not have been large enough to detect subtle yet meaningful differences between the two groups of mothers and children , says Dr. Charles Bauer , M.D. , a professor of pediatrics , ob-gyn , and psychology at the University of Miami 's Miller School of Medicine . "  They would have had to have a huge number of people to show differences , and it would have had to be a dramatic difference , " he says . In addition , the children in the study may have been too young to exhibit any DHA-related differences in cognitive development . Speech -- a key aspect of development -- is still rudimentary at age 18 months , Bauer notes .  The study authors plan to do follow-up tests when the children are 4 years old . Health.com : How fish oil supports heart health Finally , many women were excluded from the study because they were already taking DHA supplements , which might have skewed the results . "  It may have been that women at higher risk for depression , for example , had chosen to take supplements , " Oken says . Despite the unanswered questions , experts stress that everyone -- not just pregnant women -- should get plenty of DHA in their diet , preferably from fatty fish such as salmon , mackerel , trout , and sardines , rather than supplements . DHA is "  essential for multiple systems , " including cardiovascular and neurological systems , Bauer says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Fish-oil supplements taken during pregnancy do not prevent postpartum depression The supplements do , however , reduce the risk of preterm birth DHA is is an essential acid for the cardiovascular and neurological systems
CNN  -- At first , Kip Scheidler said he felt the ground tremble . Then the roof began to shake . Tiles tumbled from the ceiling as people bolted from their chairs to escape . When Scheidler tried to follow them , he could barely keep his balance as the ground wobbled . "  The weird thing is that afterward you will swear that it lasted 20 minutes but it really lasted 60 seconds , " Scheidler said of the earthquake tremors . "  But at the moment , it seems like it will never stop , and it keeps getting stronger . " That 's how Scheidler remembers one of the most horrific moments in his life -- the 1986 earthquake in El Salvador that killed 1,500 people . All those memories came flooding back recently when Scheidler turned on CNN and saw images from this week 's earthquake in Haiti , which may have killed at least 100,000 people , according to initial estimates . "  I was sickened by the news , " said Scheidler , now the senior director for global disaster response for Habitat for Humanity International , an international relief agency . "  I was there -LSB- El Salvador -RSB- as family members identified the bodies of family members pulled from the rubble . It 's something that you can never forget . I ca n't imagine hundreds of thousands of people going through that now . " For people like Scheidler , the news from Haiti is n't abstract . It 's personal . They are people who have either survived natural disasters or respond to them . The Haitian earthquake has forced some of them to think again about the survival lessons they learned , and what Haitians face in the days ahead . How disaster brings out best , worst in human nature Several say disasters can reveal the worst in human nature . Patrick Johns traveled to Indonesia in the immediate aftermath of the 2004 Tsunami . He 's also traveled to Ethiopia to aid in famine relief and Rwanda after the country was decimated by genocide . Johns , who is now the director of emergency response for Catholic Relief Services , said it is critical to immediately establish security right in Haiti . "  Crime is a problem in Haiti even in the best of times , " Johns said . "  With this kind of situation , it 's going to go from bad to worse . " Security can make the difference between life and death , Johns said . It 's not enough to deliver the right supplies to Haitians . Someone has to guard the good Samaritans . "  You could get stopped on the road , your driver could be thrown in the ditch and you lose everything , " Johns said . People responding to the disasters often have to make excruciating choices , Johns said . In the past , aid workers would help some needy people but turn down others when they ran out of supplies . How an aid workers makes that decision can cause a riot , Johns said . It 's better to talk to people beforehand to warn them that not everyone will get help immediately , but eventually all will be helped , he said . "  If you can only build 30 ramshackle shelters , who are the 30 who get them and what 's going to be the reaction of people who do n't get help , " Johns said . "  It can be nightmarish . " See other places hit by historic natural disasters and their recovery Another disaster lesson : Do n't wait for the authorities to help , several disaster experts said . Tad Agoglia is the founder of the the First Response Team . Since May 2007 , he and his crew have aided thousands of victims at disaster sites across the United States , free of charge , he said . Agoglia said disaster survivors become energized when they stop waiting for the cavalry and start doing what they can within the first ten hours of the disaster . When people act , they shake off their stupor , he said . "  Things start moving . Roads are opened up . Order comes to chaos and people start to speak to each other , " Agoglia said . "  People began to have hope . They say , ` It 's not going to last like this forever . We can begin again . ' " Impact Your World : How you can help One of the most important needs for Haitians right now is n't just food , water and medicine but something else : heavy moving equipment , Agoglia said . Agoglia 's company has three cranes as well as infrared cameras that can spot body heat under rubble and lighting towers that illuminate the darkness . It might not be as obvious as delivering water , but it 's vital , he said . "  Bringing in food and water and those kind of things are great , but there 's only so much you can do with human hands , " Agoglia said . Disasters also require leadership -- not from so far-off entity but from ordinary Haitians in the hardest-hit areas , some said . During disasters , community leaders become critical , said Eddie Argenal , director of humanitarian assistance for CHF International , a relief agency based in Silver Spring , Maryland . Community leaders can quickly take an estimate of the damage done , their community 's needs , and start clean-up efforts . They give their communities a head-start , Argenal said . "  Humanitarian assistance can take time to arrive , so the community plays a hugely important role in their own recovery , " Argenal said . "  The more proactive a community is , the better they will do in the short and long term . " How communities rebuild after disaster History gives Haitians a reason to hope . Virtually every major city that 's been demolished since 1800 has been rebuilt -- no matter how poor the city was or where it was located , said Lawrence J. Vale , co-author of "  The Resilient City : How Modern Cities Recover from Disaster . " Vale said people have such a fierce attachment to where they live that they will go to extraordinary lengths to rebuild their homes . Vale said he remembers seeing pictures of residents in New Orleans mowing their lawns in front of their destroyed homes after Hurricane Katrina struck . He also saw a picture of Japanese schoolchildren in Hiroshima , Japan , holding their lessons outdoors in 1946 , a year after an atomic bomb had vaporized their city . "  They 're attempting got have some semblance of normalcy in this totally surreal , devastating landscape , " Vale said . "  It 's an extraordinary testament to the effort of people to go on . " Scheidler , the survivor of the El Salvador earthquake , has seen the same resiliency . After the initial quake , there is a surge of adrenalin , he said . People spread out and rush to their homes to check on relatives . People are nervous , trying to put the pieces together . Then they start to rally around one another . Scheidler said he visited a neighborhood in El Salvador that had been buried by a mudslide after the earthquake struck . Nobody waited for the authorities . "  People who had construction equipment starting showing up and afterward everybody was grabbing everything they could , whether it was a shovel or a gardening tool , to help dig through the dirt , " Scheidler said . Scheidler said the buildings in one community had been flattened , including its church . But the community searched and found the church bell . What they did with the church bell is seared in his memory today just as much as the scenes of tragedy he witnessed , he said . "  They rallied around the church bell , and put it in a tree so they could call everybody together , " he said . "  What I saw in people in El Salvador was not every man for himself ; but everybody pitching in . "	Disaster witnesses reflect on painful lessons learned Destruction on vast scale brings out the best and worst in human nature Leadership from inside the community is essential in recovery Man who survived El Salvador earthquake recalls examples of human resiliency
CNN  -- In 2007 , when the London property market was booming and former headhunter Kristian Jeffrey was between jobs , he received an interesting request . "  I was asked to put ads on the pavement in front of  real  estate agents ' offices , " he said . Advertising was something he 'd started thinking about in his already budding entrepreneurial streak . Gumtree -- the UK equivalent of Craigslist -- the free online classifieds where viewers can buy and sell almost anything , wanted to do a "  clean advertising " campaign in seven UK cities . The goal was to get consumers to advertise directly through Gumtree instead of going through a real estate agent . The ads were literally cleaned onto dirty pavement at target locations . "  It was cheeky , a bit more edgy than the normal campaign , " said Jeffrey . "  I 'm not sure they  real estate agents  appreciated it . " The campaign went extremely well , sales of homes advertised directly on Gumtree went up by 800 % , he said . What happened next was an explosion of media attention . One thing led to another and he found himself doing campaigns for ING Bank in the Netherlands and Belgium , among others . Jeffrey says those jobs let him grow his "  Street Advertising Services , " a company focusing on outdoor advertising campaigns including 3D street art , street graffiti and grass advertising . One of its best-known campaigns was the "  World 's Biggest Shave , " a giant Roger Federer face spray painted on a hill in Wimbledon for Gillette . The business has grown swiftly and this year Jeffrey decided he needed to hire an experienced sales director and also move his Midlands-based company to a bigger office to house his dozen employees . Before doing this : "  I wanted to make sure we had the money in the bank , " explained Jeffrey . Local banks did n't seem to grasp his business plan , he said . So in August he put his company on Funding Circle -- the largest peer-to-peer business lender in the United Kingdom -- applied for # 40,000  $ 70,000  , watched investors bid and within days he had his loan . It has a 9 % interest rate , he says , as opposed to the commercial banks who wanted to charge 10-13 % . There are many different models of peer-to-peer  P2P  lending , but essentially P2P websites let businesses borrow money directly from individuals , without going through a traditional financial institution such as a bank . Funding Circle has 5,500 businesses registered and has lent more than # 300 million  $ 488 million  since it started . The company is projecting massive growth . While banks still provide the majority of lending in the United Kingdom -- over 85 % -- Funding Circle is confident it can seize a big percentage of that . "  We look to take a large chunk of that over the next five to 10 years , " said Natasha Jones , a company spokeswoman . Funding Circle says the P2P business lending industry is tripling in size every year , and has the potential to be worth over # 12 billion  $ 19.5 billion  a year in the United Kingdom in the next 10 years , according to research by Nesta , a charity focused on innovative businesses and ideas . Lending Club and Prosper are the two largest P2P lenders in the United States , with a majority of the market . They issued $ 2.4 billion in loans in 2013 , up significantly from $ 871 million in 2012 . What 's more , a recent report by venture capital firm Foundation Capital predicts the global market for P2P lending could be worth over $ 1 trillion by 2025 . Different P2P websites advertise different levels of returns , but Funding Circle said whether it 's a small one-off investment  there is a # 20  $ 34  minimum  or a large investment from a savvy lender , the net return on average is about 6.4 % after fees and bad debt are accounted for . Bad debt is a hazard of this kind of lending , as is the possibility that the P2P website itself will go bust , but the industry is becoming increasingly regulated and P2P services include various risk mitigation systems . "  There is a risk . It 's an investment product , not a savings product , " said Jones . Despite this , many investors want to lend locally , or support a particular industry or an ethical business and can do this easily in the P2P model , she said . For another creative company , it was a matter of cash flow and not being paid on time which prompted it to look at another P2P lender , MarketInvoice . This online marketplace allows businesses to "  auction " their invoices to investors , who bid to provide capital against the as-yet-unpaid earnings . London-based Cada Design Group , an interior and graphic design company for the food and beverage industry , said it turned to MarketInvoice in 2012 as a way to get finance against its design invoices . "  We 've always looked at various forms of funding apart from conventional banking . But unfortunately in the design business , because we 're not doing anything tangible , our services are time and ideas , " said Ashley Smith , financial director for Cada Design . "  MarketInvoice was the first company that came up with a viable option and said ` you can sell your invoices and release that cash very , very quickly ' , " said Smith . Cada Design , whose client list is long and includes major UK brands Pret A Manger , Boots and Marks & Spencer , as well as Dean & Deluca gourmet food shop in the United States , said facing late payments from clients in its business "  could be catastrophic . " "  People still do n't pay their bills on time , but it  P2P  has given us an avenue to remove that stress , " said Smith . "  It 's our painkiller . "	Peer-to-peer finance lets businesses bypass bank loans Creative companies with quirky ideas find new lending models advantageous The P2P industry looks set to grow at incredible speed over the next few years
A new buildup of Russian troops along the Ukraine border raised concerns Tuesday that Moscow might be contemplating another intervention like the one that annexed Crimea earlier this year . According to a NATO official , Russia now has about 20,000 troops stationed "  in an area along the entire border with eastern Ukraine . " The buildup nearly doubled the troop deployment in the last week by adding 8,000 more forces to 12,000 already there , the official said . It comes a week after the United States and the European Union increased economic sanctions on Russia for supporting pro-Russian separatists fighting Ukraine government forces in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk , along the border with Russia . In addition , Russia 's Defense Ministry is staging a week of military exercises involving air troops and anti-missile defense forces . The exercises are taking place in Russia 's southern Astrakhan region , roughly 500 miles from the border with Ukraine . Similar military exercises in the region preceded Russia 's annexation of Crimea in March , which escalated the Ukraine conflict following the ouster of pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych a month earlier . Donetsk braces for offensive Meanwhile , Ukraine government security officials said Monday they were preparing for a "  massive assault " on Donetsk city , state media reported . Inside the city , a rebel stronghold for months , shelling has already pushed some residents underground into cellars and half-built basements . Russia 's Foreign Ministry claimed in a statement Monday that the Ukrainian military was firing missiles and using multiple rocket systems in and around the city . It accused Ukraine 's government of wanting to continue the war and called for talks to find a political situation to the crisis . With escalated fighting and Ukrainian forces making gains , the Russian deployment at the border could portend an intervention under the banner of a peacekeeping operation . "  On a human scale , the situation in the east -- particularly in Donetsk and Luhansk -- is disastrous . Today , with all certainty , there 's a need to speak about a true war , " Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , said Tuesday . Russian troop buildup The NATO official said Russian forces gathering at the Ukraine border included a "  spectrum " of assets : infantry , mechanized divisions , armor , a lot of artillery , conventional and air defense , and special forces and logistics . "  They are very capable Russian regular units and can move in a matter of hours and could significantly disrupt the situation " in eastern Ukraine , the official said . The Ukrainian government and Western leaders accuse Russia of fomenting instability in its neighbor by arming and supporting the rebels there , which Russia denies . The downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on July 17 exacerbated the situation . Malaysian plane downed U.S. and Ukrainian officials allege that a Russian-made missile shot down the plane from rebel-held territory , killing all 298 people on board . Russia and the rebel fighters deny involvement . Earlier this year , Russia amassed about 40,000 troops on the Ukraine border and threatened to invade , NATO said in a fact sheet published last month . Putin then ordered most of the soldiers to return to their bases , leaving about 12,000 of July 11 , NATO said . On Tuesday , Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council said the Russian deployment now numbered as high as 45,000 , and that there had been 26 clashes in the past 24 hours , including six attacks from Russian territory . Meanwhile , Russian combat aircraft crew will practice firing at air and ground targets in unfamiliar territory , the defense ministry said of the military exercises in the region . The maneuvers will involve 100 aircraft , including fighter jets , bombers and combat helicopters . In its fact sheet , NATO challenged Russian accusations that the alliance is escalating the crisis in Ukraine by bolstering its support for NATO members in Eastern Europe . "  Over the past months , Russia has also embarked on an unprecedented schedule of no-notice military exercises involving massive numbers of troops and heavy equipment , " NATO said , adding : "  Russia should explain what its military plans are before it starts accusing others of posing a threat . " Search for remains An official with knowledge of the MH17 investigation told CNN that a significant part of the crash site was between Ukrainian and separatist front lines , which constantly change . A 17-vehicle convoy of 110 experts accompanied by nine international monitors made it to the site on Tuesday , the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe said via Twitter . The experts , from the Netherlands , Australia and Malaysia , were hampered in their search efforts Monday by renewed fighting in the area . Monday 's search focused in and around the village of Petropavlivka , in the western part of the huge debris field , but the team was unable to complete its mission after an initial delay . They did recover some personal belongings of those on the flight , including photo albums and passports , said Pieter-Jaap Aalbersberg , head of the Dutch recovery mission . "  Although some access to the crash site has been secured , we still do n't have the unimpeded and complete access to the site -- all of it -- that is essential , " Gary Quinlan , Australia 's ambassador to the United Nations , said Tuesday . In addition , a team of about a dozen U.S. military specialists arrived Tuesday in Kiev to assist the recovery effort , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby told reporters . "  They are military ; they will not leave Kiev , " he said , adding that the team includes experts in communications , logistics and other areas that can aid the investigation . "  Recovery operations is something , tragically and unfortunately , the U.S. military has to do and has to be good at , " Kirby said . Refugees flee conflict The ongoing fighting has killed close to 1,400 people -- civilians and combatants -- and more than 4,000 people have been wounded in eastern Ukraine since mid-April , according to U.N. officials . The fighting has also forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes and seek shelter either elsewhere in Ukraine or across the border in Russia . The U.N. refugee agency , the UNHCR , said Tuesday that the Russian authorities estimate that around 730,000 Ukrainians have sought sanctuary in Russia this year under a visa-free travel program . This includes more than 168,000 who have reported to Russia 's Federal Migration Service . UNHCR 's European director Vincent Cochetel told journalists in Geneva that about 80 % of the Ukrainians who have fled to Russia are staying in border areas , while others are with friends or family in other parts of the country . Many people in eastern Ukraine are Russian-speaking and have strong ties to Russia . At the same time , nearly 118,000 people are reported to be internally displaced , most of them from eastern Ukraine , based on information given to the UNHCR by Ukrainian authorities and local NGOs . "  In the past seven days more than 6,200 people have been forced from their homes , " Cochetel said . Many have fled with limited possessions , some driven out by the destruction of homes and infrastructure , while others say they fear being caught in the crossfire or suffering persecution . John Ging , operations director of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , called on all sides Tuesday to allow people to move freely and safely . "  The humanitarian situation is deteriorating , and the worrying increase in violence in urban areas puts a greater number of people at risk . "  Until violence is ended , we will continue to see an increase in human suffering , and in the number of people displaced . Immediate action is required to prevent this crisis from worsening , " he said , according to prepared remarks . Donetsk residents hunker down MH17 crash site : Dangers delay investigators ; Ukraine warns of mines MH17 crash : Get up to speed on the latest from Ukraine	Close to 1,400 people have been killed , and more than 4,000 wounded , since mid-April "  Today , with all certainty , there 's a need to speak about a true war , " says Russian official A U.S. military team in Kiev is aiding the recovery effort of downed Flight MH17 NATO official says there are about 20,000 Russian troops near the Ukraine border
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Monstrosities , eyesores , nightmares of architecture -- call them what you like , ugly buildings are sadly all around us . Worst in Britain : The Bullring Shopping Centre in Birmingham was voted as the country 's ugliest building . And you can not simply define one category of hideous architecture . There is ugly , and then there is Ugly . The latter often open in controversial circumstances : There may be protests from local residents , and there can even be calls to knock them down . Yes , these are the world 's ugliest buildings . From the divisive Millennium Dome  02 Arena  in London , to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland , and the incomplete Ryugyong Hotel in North Korea -- we have compiled a gallery of ten of the world 's ugliest buildings for your viewing displeasure . Although the buildings shown are scattered across the globe , they share several things in common . All of them had big budgets , most were attempts at creating contemporary or futuristic styling , and they have all divided opinion among local residents , architects , and the general public . • Click here to see photos of the world 's ugliest buildings " And these largely unpleasant buildings should not be treated as a joke . Sometimes the architecture can have a grave impact on the perception of a city or region . Birmingham , in the Midlands of the United Kingdom , for example , was recently voted the ugliest city in the country through a national poll . This came after the city 's Bullring Shopping Centre and the Birmingham Central Library were named as the number one and two ugliest buildings in the country . And far from it being a case of the rest of the country bashing the area , in a local poll some 40 percent of local residents agreed that their city was home to the single ugliest building in the country . Do you have any ugly buildings you would like to name and shame ? Let us know what you think of the buildings in our photo gallery and tell us some others that could make it by posting a comment in the Sound Off box below . We 'll publish the best .	The 02 Arena in London was the world 's ugliest building on the Forbes list Birmingham 's Bullring shopping Center was voted as Britain 's ugliest building North Korea 's Ryugyong Hotel has been criticized by many people
One person dies every 19 minutes from a prescription drug overdose in the United States . In an effort to combat "  misuse and abuse , " the Food and Drug Administration is proposing new restrictions that would change regulations for some of the most commonly prescribed narcotic painkillers on the market . The FDA 's latest proposal would specifically affect hydrocodone combination pills , also known as opioids , which combine hydrocodone with less potent painkillers such as acetaminophen . One example is the drug Vicodin . Currently labeled as Schedule III drugs , these opioids would , if the reclassification proposal is accepted , be labeled as Schedule II . This means patients would have to have a written prescription from a doctor -- instead of a prescription submitted orally over the phone -- to access the drugs . And refills would be prohibited ; patients would have to check in with the doctor to get another prescription . A Schedule II classification would also put manufacturing quotas in place for these hydrocodone products . Pure hydrocodone is already a Schedule II substance . Drugs are categorized into one of five "  schedules " by the Drug Enforcement Administration based on "  whether they have a currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States , their relative abuse potential and their likelihood of causing dependence when abused . " Other drugs , such as Adderall and morphine , are also labeled as Schedule II . "  When you wonder why your dentist gives you 40 hydrocodone for a toothache , or your knee doctor prescribes far more than he should , that 's because they 're under the impression that it 's not addictive as Percocet , " Dr. Andrew Kolodny , president of Physicians for Responsible Opioid Prescribing , told CNN in January when an FDA advisory panel first urged the administration to recommend tighter restrictions . "  That 's completely false . " In an online statement posted Thursday , the FDA said it "  has become increasingly concerned about the abuse and misuse of opioid products , which have sadly reached epidemic proportions in certain parts of the United States . " Approximately 80 % of the world 's pain pills are consumed in the United States , according to 2011 congressional testimony from the American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians . Since 1999 , sales of prescription painkillers in the United States have quadrupled . So have the number of fatal poisonings from prescription painkillers . Almost twice as many people abuse prescription drugs as the number of people abusing cocaine , heroin , hallucinogens and inhalants combined , the DEA says . Report : States failing to curb prescription abuse "  Truth is , it is easier for a doctor to write a prescription than to explore other effective options to combat pain , " CNN chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta wrote in an editorial . "  And it is easier for patients to take those prescription pills than to search for alternatives themselves . Both those things must absolutely change . " The FDA argues it did not come to its decision lightly , saying it conducted a "  thorough and careful analysis of extensive scientific literature , review of hundreds of public comments on the issue , and several public meetings " in an effort to ensure that future drugs are "  properly prescribed and appropriately used by the patients who need them most . " The FDA 's proposal is scheduled to be submitted to the Department of Health and Human Services by early December , but the DEA has the final decision on whether to reclassify the drugs . A spokesman for the DEA told CNN it would be premature to speak about the FDA 's recommendation at this time . In September , the FDA took another step to reduce painkiller abuse with new labeling regulations , which are set to go into effect at the end of this year . Currently , the labels on the drugs say they are for "  the relief of moderate to severe pain in patients requiring continuous , around-the-clock opioid treatment for an extended period of time . " The new labels will say the drugs should be used only when "  alternative treatment options are inadequate . " The FDA said it hopes the changes will result in a larger conversation about pain management between patients and doctors .	FDA wants new restrictions on common narcotic painkillers that contain hydrocodone Patients taking them would have to follow up with their doctors more often The agency is concerned about abuse and misuse of the drugs
CNN  -- Construct a film that includes chiseled , handsome Hollywood actors like Matthew McConaughey and Alex Pettyfer portraying strippers , as is the case with Friday 's "  Magic Mike , " and you can guess that veiled promise of nudity will draw some moviegoers . But add Channing Tatum to that mix , and the stakes are raised even higher . The 32-year-old actor has steadily built a career over the past seven years , folding teen films , action flicks , comedies and romantic dramas into his filmography . Yet this seems to be the year that Tatum 's success has reached a crescendo , the moment at which the actor is poised to reach a new level of stardom . "  Magic Mike , " directed by Steven Soderbergh and inspired by Tatum 's own brief stint as a stripper in his younger years , has caused a frenzy of anticipation , leading box office observers to expect this to be another solid turnout for the actor . If that happens , it will be just the latest in a string of successes for Tatum , who had a strong showing with both February 's "  The Vow " and March 's "  21 Jump Street , " says Phil Contrino , editor of Boxoffice.com . "  I ca n't think of an actor who 's having a stronger year in terms of building their drawing power , " Contrino says , estimating that "  Magic Mike " will pull in $ 29 million on opening weekend , taking second place behind "  Brave . " That would ride on the heels of the romantic drama "  The Vow , " which "  turned him into kind of a more solidified romantic interest , " Contrino says , and earned $ 194.6 million globally , as well as his comedic success with Jonah Hill , "  21 Jump Street , " which earned $ 195.6 million worldwide . That movie not only had a solid box office run , but it also showed just how funny Tatum can be . "  He 's coming off these two very huge movies , and then you have -LSB- ` Magic Mike ' -RSB- . It 's great timing , " Contrino says . "  Not only can he be in a romantic role because women would love to be with him , but he can be in an action role because he fits that mold too . In terms of a box office draw , that 's a dangerous combination . " Hollywood has taken notice , says Forbes ' Dorothy Pomerantz , who pegs Tatum as one of the actors who has the most to gain or lose this summer . "  When you talk to anybody in this town and you say , who 's the next big movie star , -LSB- it 's -RSB- Channing Tatum , Channing Tatum , Channing Tatum , " says Pomerantz . "  He is the one that everybody has their eye on , everybody 's expecting to be a guy who can draw audiences , -LSB- and -RSB- who can draw a lot of money . " More specifically -- and most importantly -- he 's been able to draw profit . "  He 's not just minting box office money -- lots of people can do that , " Pomerantz says . "  He 's making movies that are being made on a small budget that are just churning out the dollars . I think when you talk about this being a make or break moment for him , that 's apt . " Yet Tatum has n't gotten this far by being a repeat critical darling or a constant nominee at awards shows . Instead , he 's used strategic film choices , an innate gift that lures in audiences and a reputation for a diligent work ethic to go from the fringes of the industry to high-profile features , such as his upcoming role in the Wachowskis ' sci-fi film , "  Jupiter Ascending . " Anne Fletcher , who directed Tatum in his breakout lead role in 2006 's dance-centric movie "  Step Up , " says she knew instinctively that Tatum was right for the part , however green he may have been at the time . "  Channing and I are each other 's firsts -- first starring role , first directorial , " Fletcher says . "  I think a lot of -LSB- the casting -RSB- was instinctual . ... We auditioned him and he was fantastic . The thing about Channing was that a  he could move , and b  he had so much charisma . It just poured out of him ... and without question that would permeate on screen . " "  Step Up " went on to gross $ 114 million worldwide and spawn a franchise , with a fourth film arriving this summer , and it was also a stepping stone for Tatum to show that he could dance as well as "  hold the camera 's attention , " says Peter Debruge , senior film critic for the trade publication Variety . " ` Step Up ' sort of took Hollywood by surprise in terms of how popular it was , and I do n't think anyone would 've thought that would be the film that would launch an acting career , " Debruge says . "  Especially because what he really brought to that were dance moves . " Casting directors Amanda Mackey and Cathy Sandrich Gelfond , who have cast Tatum in 2006 's "  A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints , " 2009 's "  Fighting , " and this year 's "  The Vow , " say that the actor has been able to carve out a space for himself as an American guy 's guy who can show sensitivity . "  The thing that I think Channing does so naturally and brilliantly is ... he has an innate honesty and charm that is just beguiling , " Mackey says . "  And I think it 's completely natural and I think it 's exactly actually who he is . I do n't think it 's about performance , I think it 's about something in his being that 's very honest . " Debruge agrees , saying that while he does n't necessarily look to Tatum for an exciting , groundbreaking performance , he also does n't overlook what the actor does well , which is "  connecting directly with an audience . " "  What he 's doing is low-key and very natural , " Debruge says . "  In some ways , it appears so effortless that there 's this sense that anyone could do it . And I think it 's really a mistake to dismiss it as being that simplistic . " Debruge adds that Tatum 's performance in "  Magic Mike " is the kind where "  critics can once again sharpen their knives when looking for the chance to break down his performance , but I think it 's a little bit more complicated , what he 's doing , " he says . "  I do n't think he 's a great thespian , the kind of person who 's shown that he can deliver complexity , but there is a subtlety , a casualness that feels familiar and that feels like you can relate to the characters that he plays , that 's not accidental and is absolutely part of the performance . " Thus far , though , critics seem to have fallen for Tatum 's particular brand of nonchalant charm in "  Magic Mike . " Observers are curious to see who turns out for the film , as well as how well it will perform . Pomerantz , for one , predicts that even if "  Magic Mike " is a flop , it wo n't hurt Tatum 's trajectory . "  There 's something about him that 's working right now , and Hollywood is rooting for him , -LSB- and -RSB- I think the audience is rooting for him , " she says . And if this movie is a hit , she adds , "  it takes all these suspicions that Hollywood has about him as a leading man and shoots them through the roof . He is the guy . "	Channing Tatum has had a successful year with "  The Vow " and "  21 Jump Street " "  Magic Mike " is poised to help push his career to a new level Source : When you talk about who 's the next big movie star , it 's Channing Tatum
CNN  -- I 'm not a violent man . Short , self-doubting gingers tend not to be the fiercest of creatures . But if you are sitting next to me on a plane I will absolutely fight you for the armrest . Mind you , when I say "  fight , " I mean "  create a mental checklist of things I would do to you in the event that I suddenly ceased to be a short , self-doubting ginger . " So , you 're safe . Sadly , when it comes to hand-to-hand combat , my signature move is silent resignation . Thus , when it comes to armrests , I resort to strategy and the early boarding benefits bestowed upon me by virtue of having an airline credit card . Do n't scoff at early boarding . I 'd sooner give up my pants than Zone 1 . Truthfully , though , you can just have my pants . Of course , there are a number of other great reasons for boarding early -- the big one being that I 'm able to quickly secure my bag in an overhead compartment before they all fill up with the four-wheeled shipping containers some of you now feel qualify as a small personal item . But it 's definitely also about getting seated and into the ready position . Which is to say : Body wide . Muscles clenched . Armrests secured . "  Claimed ! " Nothing greedy . Just simply taking what 's rightfully mine in accordance with the rules . And there are rules . In Season One  episode four  of the brilliant TV series "  Legit , " comedian Jim Jefferies perfectly details these rules from his middle seat as he battles another passenger for the right to be mildly more comfortable . "  You do n't know plane etiquette , " Jefferies shouts to the man sitting to his left . "  Window gets an armrest and a wall . Middle gets two armrests . Aisle gets an armrest and a little bit of extra leg . We 're not animals ! We live in a society ! " So , those are the rules . Not that any of you are going to follow them . Fortunately , however , there 's a new armrest design that may settle the matter once and for all . It 's called the Paperclip Armrest , and throughout the week it seemed to be popping up all over the Web and social media . Apparently armrest inequality is quite the hot-button issue , so it struck a nerve with anyone who 's ever had a boarding pass that included the letter B or E . The Hong Kong-based team at Paperclip Design claim their innovation solves the "  perennial problem of fighting for elbow room in high-density seating " by using "  double-deck geometry . " The basic idea is this : Paperclip 's armrest extends out as normal but then , at the end , it curls up several inches and fishhooks back for several more , making use of the "  vertical space " to create a second deck . So , one person gets the lower . And one person takes the upper . Sadly , this does not qualify you for the Mile High Club . All that said , I still think the design has a critical flaw . You see , while the person using the upper deck is mostly getting support for his or her forearm , the person using the lower deck gets to position the entirety of his or her elbow directly on the rest . And that 's important . Comfort starts in the elbow . Later , in the same scene from that episode of "  Legit , " the man arguing with Jim Jefferies eventually says , "  I am only taking the back of the armrest . You can have all the rest . " Jefferies drives home the importance of the elbow by replying , "  You take the back , you take the whole damn thing . " So , the Paperclip Armrest might not be a perfect design -- I 'm certainly not convinced -- but it does seem to be a start . However , until we finally sort it out , we 're just going to have to obey the rules and force them upon those who act like animals . Which is to say : Body wide . Muscles clenched . Armrests secured . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Paperclip Design envisions an armrest that can be shared by airplane passengers The design incorporates "  vertical space " to create a double-decker armrest Bellini : Until we have a solution that works , we all need to abide by airplane etiquette
Baltimore police said they 've arrested a suspect in the death of a 16-year-old North Carolina girl whose body was found in a Maryland river a year ago . The body of Phylicia Barnes was recovered in April last year about 40 miles from where she was last seen in Baltimore , where she was visiting family when she vanished in 2010 . People spotted the body in Conowingo Dam on the Susquehanna River and and flagged down police , authorities said at the time . Police arrested a man identified as Michael Johnson , 28 , Wednesday night and charged him with first-degree murder in connection with the killing , said Anthony Guglielmi , a spokesman for Baltimore police . Johnson was the ex-boyfriend of Barnes ' older half-sister , the family has said . Authorities say he was the last person to see Barnes alive . Her father , Russell Barnes , said news of the arrest came in the form of "  a long overdue call , " and says he hopes prosecutors can "  make sure justice is served . " Bryan Barnes , Phylicia 's brother , wore a pendant containing a picture of his dead sister around his neck as he addressed reporters Thursday . He said he knew Johnson growing up as a child and that there was nothing to indicate that he was allegedly capable of committing murder . But "  there 's no way to tell that somebody could be a murder , " he added . The teenage girl said she was going out to get something to eat when she left a Baltimore residence where she 'd been spending Christmas with her half-sister and other relatives . She was last seen at the Reisterstown Square Apartments in northwest Baltimore . The FBI joined the search as dozens of detectives and officers worked around the clock to scour the area . Police also questioned about a dozen people believed to have had contact with Barnes in the hours before she disappeared , searching their homes and cars . They also collected 40 hours of video from surveillance cameras at nearby businesses and apartment buildings . Authorities then turned to posting billboards along I-95 in hope of gathering information about the girl 's fate . Later , officials said they feared she had been abducted or harmed . Last April , Barnes ' body was one of two found in the Susquehanna River -- one south and the other north of the Conowingo Dam -- state police said . Authorities said the other body was that of a black male , which was found floating in water about three to four miles away .	Barnes ' father said news of the arrest came in "  a long overdue call " The North Carolina teen was visiting family in Baltimore when she vanished in 2010 Her body was found in the Conowingo Dam
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The chief executives of Ford and GM joined their Chrysler counterpart Tuesday in agreeing to accept salaries of $ 1 a year if Congress comes through with a bailout for the automakers . Alan Mulally , chief executive officer of Ford Motor Co. , has reversed course and will accept a salary of $ 1 a year . The statements came as the Big Three automakers turned in financial plans to Congress , hoping to bolster their requests for $ 25 billion in bridge loans . GM spokesman Steve Harris said CEO Rick Wagoner had agreed to accept a $ 1 salary . Harris did n't elaborate . Ford Motor Company said the salary of its CEO , Alan Mulally , would be cut to $ 1 a year if Ford actually borrowed money from the government . When Mulally appeared before the House Financial Services Committee last month , he said he would not agree to a pay cut . In his previous appearance before Congress , Chrysler CEO Bob Nardelli said he would accept a $ 1-per-year salary if it helped Chrysler obtain its share of the rescue package . GM plans to display some of its new high-tech cars on Capitol Hill this week , a GM source told CNN . About two weeks ago , congressional Democrats ordered executives of the three automakers to show that they have viable financial turnaround plans when they return later this week to Capitol Hill . Watch why the Big Three are not all in same situation " Ford released details of its turnaround plan in a written statement Tuesday . The automaker said that , based on current business planning assumptions , it expects its overall and its North American automotive business pre-tax results to break even or be profitable in 2011 . The company also released initial details of an accelerated vehicle electrification plan for a family of hybrids , plug-in hybrids and battery electric vehicles . The plan includes a Ford full-battery electric vehicle  BEV  in a van for commercial fleet use in 2010 and a BEV sedan in 2011 , the statement said . Ford said it plans to invest about $ 14 billion in the United States on advanced technologies and products to improve fuel efficiency during the next seven years . It also said it will sell its corporate aircraft as part of its cash-improvement plan . Speaking to reporters Tuesday , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said he would not support a bailout package unless the companies could prove that they would be viable after the bailout . Reid did not commit to holding a vote on the bailout package . "  No one is too big to fail , " Reid said . "  We hope we can work something out with them . " One of Reid 's aides said the senator had not read the Ford plan yet because he was involved in back-to-back meetings . GM , Ford , and Chrysler already have made sizable cuts in production and staffing throughout the year , with additional cuts expected in the next few months . Their plans were being submitted to the Democratic chairmen of the committees that will hear the automakers ' requests -- Sen. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut , whose Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs Committee convenes Thursday , and Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts , whose House Financial Services Committee meets Friday . Lawmakers asked the automakers to describe how they will restructure their businesses to become more competitive . In general , the automakers have been asked to describe how much money they have , and how much they need to stay viable in the long term . Their plans also must address how the companies will meet health care and pension obligations to workers . After being criticized during their last trip for arriving in Washington in corporate jets , Mulally and Wagoner are driving to the nation 's capital in hybrid cars -- Mulally in a Ford Escape and Wagoner in a Chevrolet Malibu . A Ford executive told CNN the company 's plan , 20 to 30 pages long , was being e-mailed to Congress . He said the plan put a heavy emphasis on advanced technologies . Ford is worried , however , that even after doing a "  bang-up job " on its report , the company may not receive what it needs , the executive said . The atmosphere in Congress was tense before Thanksgiving , he said , adding that he feels "  automakers have become the whipping boy " for the industry bailout . Automakers are counting on a rebound in demand by 2010 . But that could turn out to be unrealistic because of an "  auto bubble " the Big Three helped to create during the past few years . Cheap financing , easy credit conditions and attractive pricing on cars due to overcapacity in the U.S. auto market caused record sales earlier this decade . Experts agree those three conditions are going to be missing for years to come , and sales will be weaker than normal at least through 2011 or 2012 . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	NEW : "  No one is too big to fail , " top Senate Democrat says All of the Big Three automaker CEOs say they 'll accept salaries of $ 1 a year Auto execs return to Capitol Hill this week to offer plans for turnaround Executives driving to Washington from Detroit in hybrid vehicles
Mashable  -- In peeking ahead to predict what 2012 holds for Google , it 's informative to look back at the eventful year it had . While one ca n't help but see the big product introductions -- a social network , a mobile-payment system , a music store -- it 's the deletions that are much more interesting . Google got rid of a host of unwieldy and barely used products and features in 2011 . While Google regularly does "  spring cleaning " to trim its vast portfolio , the projects scrapped this year were many , and most were originally intended to be major focuses of the company . Just look at this partial list of the services killed or folded into larger projects : Buzz . Knol . Checkout . PowerMeter . Health . Wave . Even the company 's well-meaning initiative to save the world from coal-fired power plants got tossed . The mass culling is indicative of the style of Google 's new CEO , Larry Page . Of course , Page was Google 's first CEO , too , stepping aside for a decade to let Eric Schmidt run the show while Page and fellow company co-founder Sergey Brin could craft the company 's web services . Google experimented a lot during that decade , and now that Page is back in the driver 's seat , he appears to have gotten that out of his system . Page is leading Google with unprecedented focus . From the major moves the company has made in the nine short months since Page got the top job , it 's clearer than ever which technologies Google is really serious about . After all , the ones it 's more lukewarm toward have probably gotten the ax . Being serious is n't the same as success , of course , but it 's an essential first step . Google may be aggressively plowing ahead in the areas of social networking , mobile payments and mobile devices , but so are many other heavy hitters . There are sure to be some collisions in 2012 . Let 's take a look at some key ones . Google + comes into its own Probably the most head-turning Google product launch in 2011 was the debut of Google + . Google 's very own social network borrows elements from Twitter and Facebook , but is its own animal . The launch saw virtually instant adoption by pretty much anyone and everyone who considered themselves tech - or media-savvy . And that 's been its greatest weakness . Google + has had favorable growth and many positive reviews , but it 's still relatively unknown among "  real " people . And those that do know it have the distinct impression that it 's the social network for hard-core nerds . That 's something Google has to change if it wants people to use its service instead of competitors , and going mainstream has to be a primary goal in the new year . It can do so by leveraging its differentiators  like the useful multiple-person videoconferencing Hangouts  , but most of all it has to find its voice -- its one-sentence description that does n't have the words "  like Facebook " in it . This task is largely up to its users , since they 're the ones using the service , deciding which features they like and how they use it . They 're already starting to , with many Plusers treating the site like a centralized , supercharged blogging service . Even as Google + grows , though , it 's doubtful that it 'll ever be able to rise as high as Facebook , which is expected to hit a cool billion users this year . But as long as the service starts to become known as "  the place where you ... " something , maybe Barney Stinson , the digital-savvy womanizer on "  How I Met Your Mother " will be regularly referencing it by the end of 2012 . Android puts its house in order The most sticking criticism of Android is its fragmentation problem -- that there are so many devices running it , often with completely different specs , that it 's impossible to know with any certainty whether or not your device will ever get any updates that Google releases . That may not have hurt the platform 's market share , but it 's no doubt given a good chunk of potential customers pause . Google 's acquisition of Motorola is a big step toward , if not putting this fragmentation business to rest , at least turning the tide a little . You can bet the farm that every Motorola device released under the new Google regime will have a clear upgrade path . Although Google 's other partners are wary of potential favoritism to Motorola , this actually works in Google 's favor , too , since now they 'll be strongly motivated to get in line with Google 's plans , lest customers opt for the perceived reliability of the Moto/Google name . At the same time , the recent Android malware scares have given the platform a black eye . While Google has been very effective at addressing viruses and trojans in various evildoing apps as they 've appeared , it needs to deploy a more proactive strategy to attack the issue head-on . Could an acquisition of , say , mobile-security company Lookout be next ? It could n't hurt . Ceding tablet territory while building content It 's something of a embarrassment to Google that the most popular Android tablet ever launched is the Amazon Kindle Fire , which does n't even run Google 's tablet-optimized operating system . Amazon , by creating highly customized software that runs on top of Android and points users to the company 's digital services , essentially carved out its own platform by hijacking Google 's . Since Android is an open system , there 's not much Google can do about it . At this point , it does n't really want to just yet . Tablets so far are essentially media-consumption devices -- good for watching TV and movies , reading books and playing games . As colossal as the company is in many areas  see below  , right now Google is far from a big player in offering actual content . Google Books and Google TV are anemic services , if not outright flops . Google Music , though promising , is brand new and has no mind share . So it makes sense that consumers reacted to "  proper " Android tablets with disdain . After all , Google never opened up version 3.0 "  Honeycomb , " so anyone with actual content to offer  i.e. Amazon and Barnes & Noble  had no interest in using it . The devices on offer were virtually identical overpriced touchscreens whose only noteworthy commonality was that they were n't iPads . Even though Google 's just gotten into the hardware business by purchasing Motorola , I ca n't see it focusing much on tablets just yet . Sure , the successors to the Xoom are on their way , and they 'll even move into the hands of a few customers , but Google must first focus on bumping up the quality and reputation of its content offerings before any "  Xoom Nexus " has a shot at gobbling up market share from Apple and Amazon . Original videos on YouTube is great first step -- there will be many more in 2012 . GDrive cements domination of the cloud This is kind of a no-brainer , but Google will continue its blot-out-the-sun dominance in its primary services : search , email and cloud services in general . Bing , the only credible challenger to Google 's search business , is rising , but very slowly , and that 's with Microsoft shoveling mountains of money into the service . And even though Yahoo and Hotmail now offer much better services than they did a couple of years ago , Gmail still has the  deserved  reputation of being the best and coolest of the lot . Google 's been the cloud business for a long time , of course , but when it finally unveils its expected Dropbox competitor , nicknamed GDrive , it 's hard to see it not becoming an instant hit . Google is already synonymous with storing stuff online , and with Google + it 's showed it can deftly merge disparate services to create a new and seamless experience . Standing against Google 's huge storage capabilities and cloud expertise could be too much for any other player in the space . Overall : Going with what works Larry Page appears to have instilled Google with a new sense of focus , quickly striking while the iron 's hot on promising products like Google + and Android , putting stagnant ones like Buzz out of their misery , and nurturing potential late-starters like Google Wallet . Some games , after all , are long , and we wo n't know for a while whether the company 's bets on technologies such as mobile payments or solar panels will ever pay off . As soon as Page sees a winner , though , he clearly knows how to put the overwhelming force of the entire Google empire behind it . Before 2012 is out , he 'll no doubt have done it several times . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google + going mainstream has to be a primary goal in the new year The most sticking criticism of Android is its fragmentation problem Google will continue dominance in its primary services : search , email and cloud Company should first focus on bumping up the quality and reputation of its content
Two more HIV patients have no signs of the virus in their blood following bone marrow transplants , according to the Boston researchers who treated them . However , experts stopped short of calling the two cured and said the treatment is not a viable option for the majority of HIV patients . The findings were presented Wednesday at the International AIDS Society Conference in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . The two men , whose identities are being withheld , had been on antiretroviral  ARV  drug therapy for years before being diagnosed with lymphoma , a cancer of the lymph nodes . Both underwent intensive chemotherapy followed by bone marrow transplants to treat the cancer . They remained on antiretroviral therapy . Approximately four months after the transplant doctors were still able to detect HIV in their blood , but six to nine months later , all traces of the virus were gone . "  Because of those findings , we thought it was justified to take the patients off of their therapy to see what happens , " said Dr. Timothy Henrich , who conducted the clinical trial . "  Now , in a normal person who has HIV , who has been on long-term antiretroviral therapy for years , usually the virus comes back within two to four weeks after stopping therapy , it comes right back . " Some patients make it up to eight weeks before the virus returns , said Henrich , a researcher at Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , but the virus returns eight to 10 weeks after therapy is stopped in the vast majority of patients . HIV discovery ` will change your life forever ' Not so for these two , however . "  We are now recording 15 weeks after therapy and eight weeks after therapy for our two patients , and to date we are unable to detect HIV rebounding in the bloodstream after we stopped the therapy , " Henrich said . "  We do weekly monitoring , as well . We 've been looking at the virus in the blood and the cells in the blood essentially every week since we 've taken them off therapy , and we have not been able to detect virus at this time . " The two men are being compared to Timothy Ray Brown , also known as the "  Berlin Patient . " Brown is thought to be the first person ever "  cured " of HIV/AIDS . In 2007 , Brown had a stem cell transplant to treat his leukemia . His doctor searched for a donor with a rare genetic mutation called CCR5 delta32 that makes stem cells naturally resistant to HIV infection . Today , the virus is still undetectable in Brown 's blood , and he is still considered to be "  functionally cured . " A functional cure means the virus is controlled and will not be transmitted to others . The stem cell transplant procedure , however , is very dangerous because a patient 's immune system has to be wiped out in order to accept the transplant . Using a bone marrow transplant to treat HIV is not a feasible treatment for most patients , and only 1 % of Caucasians -- mostly Northern Europeans -- and no African-Americans or Asians have the CCR5 delta32 mutation , researchers say . The transplant is still not a practical strategy for the majority of HIV patients , and the risk of mortality is up to 20 % , Henrich says . Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health , agreed . "  This is not a practical approach for someone who does not need a stem cell transplant since the transplant and its preparation and its subsequent need for chronic immunosuppression is a risky procedure , " Fauci said . "  If you have an underlying neoplasm  tumor  like these patients had , then the risk outweighs the benefit , " he said . "  However , if you are doing well on ARVs and you merely want to get off antiretroviral therapy , then the risk seems greater than the benefit . " HIV ` cure ' in toddler offers ` global hope ' Even though the two patients showed a reduction of the virus in the blood , it could still be in some tissue -- the brain or gastrointestinal tract , for instance , Henrich said . The virus "  could certainly return , " he said . "  It 's possible , again , that the virus could return in a week , it could return in a month -- in fact , some mathematical modeling predicts that virus could even return one to two years after we stop antiretroviral therapy , so we really do n't know what the long-term or full effects of stem cell transplantation and viral persistence is . " Still , he feels the information will help move the curative field of HIV research forward . "  We 're going to learn different strategies about how we can attack the viral reservoir , how we can harness the immune system better and what exactly caused the lack of virus in the two patients at least in the short term . " Earlier this year , researchers said an HIV-positive baby in Mississippi was given high doses of three antiretroviral drugs within 30 hours of her birth , with doctors hoping that would control the virus . Two years later , there is no sign of HIV in the child 's blood , making her the first child to be "  functionally cured " of HIV . The Foundation for AIDS Research , or amfAR , helped fund the study . "  These findings clearly provide important new information that might well alter the current thinking about HIV and gene therapy , " said amfAR CEO Kevin Robert Frost . "  While stem cell transplantation is not a viable option for people with HIV on a broad scale because of its costs and complexity , these new cases could lead us to new approaches to treating , and ultimately even eradicating , HIV . " "  Dr. Henrich is charting new territory in HIV eradication research , " said Dr. Rowena Johnston , amfAR vice president and director of research . "  Whatever the outcome , we will have learned more about what it will take to cure HIV . We believe amfAR 's continued investments in HIV cure-based research are beginning to show real results and will ultimately lead us to a cure in our lifetime . " In the meantime , Henrich says he and other groups are actively enrolling patients for these types of studies . Opinion : An AIDS-free generation is within sight	Two men show no sign of HIV after bone marrow transplants But experts say it 's too early to know if the two are cured The transplant is n't a viable option for the vast majority of patients
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As the lights went down in the theater the low murmur built to a thunderous ovation as the odd-looking man in the crumpled suit and bowler hat took to the stage . Tom Waits in Paris on the European leg of his tour . The excitement that greeted the eccentric American singer songwriter Tom Waits ' appearance in Edinburgh last month may come as a surprise to the many , who have never heard of him . The 58-year-old has stayed for most of his four-decade career on the edge of the music mainstream . This is despite a showering of critical acclaim and a host of high-profile fans including the movie star Scarlett Johansson , who recently recorded an album of Waits covers . Waits ' position on the periphery of pop music  he admits that the 60s scene largely passed him by  , may be because he belongs to a bigger historical tradition -- that of the singer-storyteller that has its origin in folk music . His music comes from a different place from most artists . A laconic , bar room philosopher with a wry sense of humor , Waits is an avowed fan of the Beat generation writer Jack Kerouac and the author and poet Charles Bukowski . Many of his songs are stories containing a cast of characters from America 's underbelly : the drunks and disenfranchised , the lost souls hiding out from life in seedy night spots . It is the same world that Kerouac chronicled in his writings , including his most famous work "  On the Road , " which describes a journey across America in the late fifties . Waits , who is notoriously interview-shy , acknowledged his debt to the author in a promotional interview to accompany the release of his 1974 album "  The Heart of Saturday Night . " He said the record was a search for the "  center of Saturday night , " a quest he said that Kerouac himself had "  relentlessly chased from one end of this country to the other , and I 've attempted to scoop up a few diamonds of this magic that I see . " Waits ' place in the folk tradition is something he has acknowledged , consciously or otherwise , in his music . In 1990 , he wrote the music and lyrics for "  The Black Rider : The Casting of the Magic Bullets , " a theatrical collaboration with the American writer William Burroughs based on a German folktale . Like all great writers , Waits is a conscientious observer of people and their strange foibles . Born in Pomona , CA . he moved to Los Angeles in the late sixties to pursue his music career , finding work as a doorman at an LA nightspot . It was at this time that he honed his skills as a storyteller , eavesdropping on the lives of others . "  I was picking up people 's conversations in all-night coffee shops - ambulance drivers , cabdrivers , street sweepers , " he said in an interview with The New Yorker . "  I did research there as an evening curator , and I started writing gingerly . I thought at some point I 'd like to forge it all into something meaningful , and give it dignity . " The results of this labor are songs like "  Frank 's Wild Years , " a hilarious and sinister tale of a man -- Frank -- trapped in suburbia with a wife and pet dog that has a skin disease . The song is spoken in a lounge room style over a soft jazz accompaniment , and like much of Waits ' work it drips irony : "  They had a thoroughly modern kitchen / Self-cleaning oven  the whole bit  / Frank drove a little sedan / They were so happy . " In a 1983 promotional interview published by his then record company Island , Waits credits a short story by Bukowski with giving him some of the inspiration for the song . "  Bukowski had a story that essentially was saying that it 's the little things that drive men mad , " Waits said . "  It 's not World War II . It 's the broken shoe lace when there is no time left that sends men completely out of their minds . "  I think there is a little bit of Frank in everybody . " In the song , Frank eventually runs amok , setting fire to the family home and blazing a trail up the Hollywood freeway because , as Waits quips in the pay-off "  he never could stand that dog . " This taste for the absurd carried into his recent live show with the set for the "  Glitter and Doom " tour decked in a bizarre array of old speaker cones . Waits took to the stage dressed in a Chaplinesque suit , delivering his set from a slightly raised platform that gave up a cloud of dust each time he bashed his feet into it . In spite of the entreaties from the crowd he kept quiet between songs at first . Eventually after a few numbers he broke his silence . "  This is a lopsided love song , " he rasped , introducing the next track . "  By that I mean the person doing it is lopsided , not the song itself . " Lopsided or not , it 's an authentic voice we could surely do with hearing more from .	Singer songwriter Tom Waits has won critical acclaim for his music His strange tales of the seedy side of America have attracted a cult following The actress Scarlett Johansson is a fan and recorded a recent tribute album Waits counts U.S. writers Jack Kerouac and Charles Bukowski as influences
NEW YORK  CNN  -- An oil painting was returned Tuesday to the estate of a Jewish art dealer who was forced to consign the painting and other artwork under Nazi Germany before fleeing the country . "  Portrait of a Musician Playing a Bagpipe " was done in 1632 by an unknown artist . The painting , "  Portrait of a Musician Playing a Bagpipe , " was done in 1632 by an unknown painter from the Northern Netherlandish school , according to a statement from the U.S. attorney 's office in southern New York . It was owned by Max Stern , an art dealer who had a gallery in Dusseldorf , Germany , until 1937 , when the Nazis ' Reich Chamber for Fine Arts ordered him to liquidate the gallery and its inventory , the statement said . Stern , who died in 1987 , left no heirs . He and his wife had founded the Max Stern Art Restitution Project , which directly benefits Concordia University and McGill University in Montreal , Canada , and Hebrew University in Jerusalem , according to a statement from U.S Immigration and Customs Enforcement . The painting was returned Tuesday -- Holocaust Remembrance Day -- to Clarence Epstein of Concordia University on behalf of the executors of the estate , said Lou Martinez of the immigration agency . It was returned in a ceremony at the Museum of Jewish Heritage in New York , he said . The painting had been owned by Philip Mould Ltd. , a London , England , gallery , when Lawrence Steigrad , a New York art dealer , bought it in 2008 , the New York attorney 's office said . Neither had any idea of the painting 's past . Philip Mould Ltd. had purchased the painting the year before from Lempertz Auction House . The same auction house sold the painting in 1937 after Stern was forced to liquidate , without receiving any proceeds from the sale , the New York attorney 's office said . Immigration agents used information from a Holocaust claims office in the New York state Banking Department to look into Steigrad 's gallery . The art dealer "  confirmed the painting was in his possession . " and he eventually allowed agents to seize the painting , the attorney 's office said .	Art dealer Max Stern was forced to liquidate his gallery in 1937 Stern died in 1987 with no heirs His art restoration project benefits three universities "  Portrait of a Musician Playing a Bagpipe " was returned Tuesday
CNN  -- Russia and Ukraine will face off again Saturday . But this time it 's not the geopolitical arena where the action takes place -- but the glitzy stage of the Eurovision Song Contest . Both countries have made it through the semi-finals to compete in the grand final in Copenhagen , Denmark . The usual artistic rivalry has been given an added piquancy by the tensions between Russia and Ukraine . Moscow annexed Ukraine 's Crimea region in March and eastern Ukraine is currently roiled by pro-Russian separatist protests . The organizers describe Eurovision -- widely loved for its combination of over-the-top costumes , kitsch pop songs and sometimes questionable talent -- as a non-political event meant to unite Europe through song . But in reality , politics inevitably colors both the voting and the performances . This was demonstrated to an unusual degree on Tuesday , when Russia 's entrants -- 17-year-old twins Anastasia and Maria Tolmachevy -- were booed by the audience during their semi-final performance . William Lee Adams , a Eurovision expert and the editor-in-chief of Wiwibloggs.com , the popular Eurovision website , told CNN that the contest is about national identity as well as music . "  Months of frustration over Russia 's illegal annexation of Crimea and Putin 's anti-LGBT laws have left Europeans angry , " Adams said . "  The booing was a release , a statement of solidarity with Ukraine and Russia 's sexual minorities . " It does n't help that Russia 's love song features lyrics that some see as hinting at a border incursion . It goes , " ... living on the edge , closer to the crime , cross the line , one step at a time ... maybe there 's a day you 'll be mine . " Ukrainian singer Mariya Yaremchuk , who is performing a song titled "  Tick-Tock , " said Tuesday that she was proud to be representing her country . "  Actually , my main position is that I 'm proud that I 'm Ukrainian and everything I do here is for the Ukrainian people , " the 21-year-old said . "  I 'm not standing alone on the stage , there are 46 million Ukrainians behind me on the stage . " Yaremchuk will be the first to perform on Saturday night , while Russia 's Tolmachevy Sisters will be 15th out of 26 finalists to take the stage . After the singing comes the voting . Former Soviet nations have tended to award their votes to each other . Whether the crisis in Ukraine changes that equation remains to be seen . The countries involved in the contest award a set of points from one to eight , then 10 and finally 12 for their favorite songs . They ca n't vote for themselves and they must announce the score in both English and French . Television viewers can cast votes in their respective countries through telephone hotlines , which count for half the final tally . The remainder of the vote is cast by national expert juries . The country with the highest points total wins -- and has the rather expensive honor of hosting the following year 's event . In 2013 , more than 180 million viewers in 45 countries tuned in to the action . READ : Eurovision showdown : Ukraine and Russia face the music CNN 's Tara Kelly and Jim Stenman contributed to this report .	Both Russia , Ukraine have made it through to Eurovision Song Contest final Russia 's twin sisters Anastasia and Maria Tolmachevy booed in semi-final Ukrainian singer Mariya Yaremchuk says proud to represent her country Tensions between Russia and Ukraine after Moscow 's annexation of Crimea
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama extended a helping hand to Japan on Friday as hundreds of people were dead and additional hundreds were missing after a devastating 8.9-magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami . "  I offer our Japanese friends whatever assistance is needed , " he said during a news conference . "  Today 's events remind us how fragile life can be . " Obama said Friday that the main U.S. assistance to Japan for now would probably be "  lift capacity " in the form of heavy equipment to help clean up damaged infrastructure . The U.S. government is taking inventory of how many military personnel are in Japan to provide help , he said , adding that American citizens in Japan will also receive assistance . Obama called the earthquake and tsunami "  a potentially catastrophic disaster , " saying the images of destruction were "  simply heartbreaking . " At a session of the President 's Export Council on Friday morning at the Old Executive Office Building , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke about the U.S. delivering coolant to Japan for its nuclear reactors , CNN has confirmed . "  You know Japan is very reliant on nuclear power , and they have very high engineering standards . But one of their plants came under a lot of stress with the earthquake and did n't have enough coolant . So Air Force planes were able to deliver that . So we 're really deeply involved in trying to do as much as we can on behalf of the Japanese and on behalf of U.S. citizens , " she said . Neither the Air Force nor the Pentagon could confirm that U.S. Air Force planes delivered coolant to the Japanese power plant . Obama said he has been in touch with Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan about the potential vulnerability of any nuclear power plants in Japan . "  So far , they have not seen any evidence of a radiation leak , but obviously you have to take all potential precautions , " Obama said . The president said he has spoken with his energy secretary , Steven Chu , "  to make sure that if in fact there have any breaches in the safety of the nuclear plant , they are dealt with . " Five U.S. Navy ships were heading to Japan , and two others were already docked in the country , according to the Pentagon . The State Department on Friday said there were no immediate reports of casualties among the tens of thousands of U.S. citizens -- tourists , military personnel and others -- in Japan . The nuclear-powered aircraft carrier USS George Washington is in the maintenance yard in Japan and unable to get underway . Another nuclear-powered aircraft carrier , the USS Ronald Reagan in the western Pacific , is the only carrier heading to Japan . "  We currently have an aircraft carrier in Japan , and another is on the way . " Obama said Friday . "  And we also have a ship en route to the Mariana Islands to assist as needed . " Among the 38,000 U.S. military personnel , 43,000 dependents and 5,000 Department of Defense civilians assigned to Japan , there are no reports of loss of life and no reports of major damage to U.S. warships , aircraft or facilities in Japan , said Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan . Obama was awakened at 4 a.m. ET with news of the disaster and received a briefing from his top security and emergency response advisers at 9:30 a.m. , the White House said . In a statement , Obama sent his condolences to the people of Japan and declared that the United States stands ready to offer aid , citing the strong ties between the two nations . Obama also spoke by telephone with Kan , White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said . Clinton pledged "  immediate disaster relief assistance " and said "  we are working closely with the government of Japan to provide additional help , " according to a State Department statement . Pentagon spokesman Lapan said Japan 's foreign minister had formally asked the United States for help , launching the process of figuring out what is needed and what the U.S. military can provide . The State Department issued an alert against nonessential travel to Japan because of the earthquake and tsunami . The alert said that Tokyo airports were closed and others also may be closed or restricted , and that public transportation in Tokyo and other areas has been interrupted . The alert also said strong aftershocks were likely "  for weeks " and included instructions for what to do if caught in another earthquake or aftershock . It urged U.S. citizens in Japan to contact family and friends to let them know of their well-being . Two U.S. airlines -- Delta and American -- announced the cancellation of flights to Tokyo . It was unclear if flights to other Japanese airports also would be affected . In addition , Delta , United and Continental airlines announced they were waiving change fees for people whose travel plans involving Japan were affected by the disaster . At the State Department , Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs Janice Jacobs said a 24-hour consular task force has been set up to help Americans affected by the earthquake . Americans in Japan who need help , or people seeking information about a loved one in Japan , can send an e-mail to japanemergencyusc@state.gov, Jacobs said . Americans outside Japan but in tsunami-affected areas who need help , or people seeking information about an American in affected areas outside Japan , can e-mail pacifictsunamiusc@state.gov, she said . A telephone information line also has been set up at 1-888-407-4747 , said Jacobs , who encouraged people to use the e-mail options if possible . When seeking information about Americans in Japan or other affected areas , Jacobs said , provide the full name , birth date and location of the person , as well as any pre-existing medical conditions , and if they are elderly or a child . Obama , who was first informed of the earthquake before dawn by Chief of Staff Bill Daley , said he has instructed the Federal Emergency Management Agency "  to be ready to assist Hawaii and the rest of the U.S. states and territories that could be affected " by tsunamis . "  The United States stands ready to help the Japanese people in this time of great trial , " Obama said . Vice President Joe Biden , traveling in Moldova , called the disaster a "  mega-earthquake " and said "  the thoughts and prayers of the American people ... are with our friends in Japan . " "  We the United States stand ready to do anything we can to help our Japanese friends as they deal with the aftermath of this tragedy , " Biden said , according to a pool report of his remarks . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Ed Henry , Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Larry Shaughnessy and Bonney Kapp contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says U.S. is monitoring Japanese power plant for radiation leaks NEW : U.S. is sending coolant in case any nuclear reactors leak Navy ships are headed to Japan to help in relief effort No American casualties are reported ; State Department sets up phone , e-mail information
CNN  The North Korean prison camp survivor who is the focus of a best-selling biography , "  Escape from Camp 14 " said he changed parts of his life story , shaping them to hide from his trauma and shame . Shortly after escaping from North Korea , Shin Dong-hyuk formulated what he called a "  sanitized " version of the his life , which he repeated for almost 10 years and subsequently became a book , which was published in 2012 . That book describing his time in a North Korean prison camp became a best-seller , made him a key witness before the United Nations and grabbed headlines around the world . But last month , Shin revealed that parts of his story were not true and that he spent most of his life in North Korea at a different prison camp , Camp 18 , rather than the total control zone that formed the title of his biography . While Shin stands by his allegations of torture and abuses by North Koreans , his admission stirred controversy about truth and trauma among defectors . The text of the book , "  Escape from Camp 14 " wo n't be corrected , according to the Washington Post , which was the newspaper where its author , Blaine Harden worked when he initially interviewed Shin . However , a new foreword will be added to the ebook and future prints , wrote Harden on his website . "  Shin told me he is now determined to tell the truth . Regrettably , he has told me this before . It seems prudent to expect more revisions , " Harden wrote . But the author also acknowledged the role of psychological trauma for Shin , who is missing part of his right middle finger and bears scars of torture . "  Trauma victims like him tend to struggle with the truth , especially in the linear narrative form that journalists , judges , and policy makers are best able to understand . The memories of trauma victims are often fragmented and out of sequence , and the stories they tell can be shields behind which they try to hide , " he wrote . Shin said he would 've covered up the inaccuracies in his life story "  forever if my father had n't appeared in the video . " In October 2014 , North Korea uploaded videos on YouTube featuring Shin 's father who disputed his son 's widely publicized life story . The video raised suspicions among other survivors of Camp 18 who questioned Shin 's story . And some of those questions still persist including how he escaped and found his way to China . Those questions may never be answered with any certainty . "  Raised in a dysfunctional family in a secret prison , badly educated , and tortured , he is a flawed eyewitness to the savagery of the world 's last totalitarian state , " wrote Harden .	Shin Dong-hyuk made a "  sanitized " version of his life story after escaping He decided to consistently tell this version until North Korea released video featuring his father in 2014 A new foreword will be added to book "  Escape from Camp 14 "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In just a few days , a politician largely unknown outside the U.S. has earned the dubious reputation on the world stage as the "  rape-gaffe congressman . " It 's not an enviable title but one that has inspired column-writers worldwide to pick apart Todd Akin 's comments -- their possible implications for the U.S. presidential election and what they say about an apparently civilized society 's attitude towards rape . The standard news story has been syndicated worldwide , stating the bare facts ; that a Missouri congressman referred to "  legitimate rape " when trying to explain , incorrectly , a woman 's biological response to being raped . Rape victims , the congressmen inferred , would not become pregnant because "  the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down . " The comment came in response to a presenter 's question as to whether abortion should be allowed in the case of rape . Akin defies mounting calls to withdraw from Senate race Akin 's comments echoed as far away as the Democratic Republic of Congo , where award-winning playwright Eve Ensler penned a powerful open letter titled , "  Dear Mr. Akin , I Want You to Imagine ... " The U.S. author of "  The Vagina Monologues " wrote that she was lying awake at 2 a.m. in Bukavu in the City of Joy in the Congo where she was working to support "  thousands of women who have been raped and violated and tortured from this ceaseless war for minerals fought on their bodies . " "  Mr. Akin , your words have kept me awake , " she wrote , before explaining what it means for women who have been raped to hear him make the distinction between "  legitimate " and "  illegitimate " rape . "  The underlying assumption of your statement is that women and their experiences are not to be trusted . That their understanding of rape must be qualified by some higher , wiser authority , " she wrote , before imploring him to imagine someone "  violently , hatefully forcing themself into you so that you are ripped apart . " At the time of writing the story had been shared more than 60,000 times on Facebook . "  Everyone 's talking about rape , " declared Hadley Freeman , writing in Britain 's Guardian newspaper . "  It is testament to the determination of some folk to bend reality to their preferred viewpoint that there are so many intriguing words around these days for rape to make it seem , I do n't know , less rapey , " she wrote , looping a string around Akin and "  certain devotees of Julian Assange . " Akin 's remarks deemed ` harmful ' to rape survivors She was referring to George Galloway , a British lawmaker with the Respect Party , perhaps best known outside the UK for his fiery testimony at a 2005 U.S. Senate Committee hearing into alleged impropriety concerning the United Nations ' oil-for-food scheme . Galloway has refused to retract comments made in his video podcast in which he said the allegations made by two women in Sweden against WikiLeaks founder Assange "  did not constitute rape " but were more of a case of "  bad sexual etiquette . " However , the majority of international column space devoted to the Akin comments related to their impact on the U.S. presidential race . Historian Tim Stanley struck back with this blunt analysis in Britain 's Telegraph newspaper . "  Todd Akin 's remarks on rape do n't tell you what conservatives think about sexual assault . They do n't tell you much about anything , other than that Akin is an idiot . " He added that Akin 's comments were what President Barack Obama had been waiting for ; an opportunity to swing the political narrative from jobs to culture . Opinion : Rape can make you pregnant . Period . "  How Akin 's foolishness will play out in the election remains to be seen . Incredibly , he remains neck-and-neck in his Missouri race , which suggests that economics continues to eclipse social policy in the popular mind , " he wrote . But the Australian Sydney Morning Herald 's U.S. Correspondent Nick O'Malley said Akin 's comments had "  trashed " any hopes that Mitt Romney had of "  refocusing attention on to economics . " The straight news story about Akin 's comments and refusal to end his bid for the Senate was carried on several websites in China , and generated a sprinkling of discussion on the country 's twitter-like micro-blogs . User "  Xingxingnameliang " wrote : "  Is he an undercover sent by the Democrats to destroy the opponent ? Obama must be so happy to see this . " And "  reddress " said : "  This would be a big headache for the Republicans . A lousy teammate who can sabotage his own people is the worst . " Under a column entitled "  Mistake of words and of the heart , " the BBC 's North America editor Mark Mardell asked why a U.S. politician was peddling pregnancy rape theories which dated back to the 13th century . "  Mr Akin may have many admirable qualities which recommend him to the voters of Missouri , but it seems strange that a 21st century politician is willing to legislate on the grounds of old wives ' tales . Perhaps he should be explaining that , rather than his clumsy use of language , " he wrote . One CNN reader who commented on the opinion piece "  Wake up : It 's not just Akin " also looked beyond Akin 's wording to question the value of the debate . Opinion : GOP policy is the scandal , not just Akin 's comments "  What is the probability of an aroused woman getting pregnant versus the probability of a non-aroused woman getting pregnant ? Non biased researchers probably know the answer to this question . Regardless of the answer , why did he think it 's good politics to debate this stuff ? " However , one of the most inventive and educational responses to Akin 's comments came from an academic website in Australia , posted by a professor of evolution and ecology who specializes in the biology of sexual conduct . "  Like almost everybody else I spoke to today , I was staggered , this morning , to hear Todd Akin 's comments about ` legitimate rape ' and pregnancy , " wrote Rob Brooks , from the University of New South Wales on The Conversation website . Brooks questioned whether Akin was confusing human biology with that of Australian Black Field Crickets , a species for whom forced copulation is impossible . "  She has to mount him voluntarily and she is unlikely to do so unless he has a sexy song . But once she has mated him and he has attached a bag of his sperm  a spermatophore  to her abdomen , she often chooses to remove it before its entire contents enter her body , " he wrote . "  Perhaps this is the kind of thing Todd Akin had in mind ? " On a more serious note , Brooks wrote : "  What strikes me about the anachronistic attitudes of evangelicals and their Republican puppets to abortion , contraception , family planning , female economic empowerment and feminism in general , is just how unambiguously male these attitudes are . "  An entire political party in one of the most advanced and educated countries on earth has become a caricature of the most basal evolved insecurities about masculinity . They seem terrified of losing control over the means of reproduction and petrified of cuckoldry , " he said . Experts : Rape does not lower odds of pregnancy Surviving sexual assault : Share your testimony on CNN iReport .	Todd Akin 's comments on "  legitimate " rape have reverberated worldwide Playwright Eve Ensler penned a piece from the City of Joy in the Congo British columnist drew parallels with Akin 's comments and those made by George Galloway One writer said his comments merely tell you "  Akins is an idiot "
CNN  -- Twenty-five-year-old New Yorker Aubura Taylor graduated with honors from college , where he was a football standout . He told us he goes to church regularly and is not involved in gangs or drugs . By any objective standard , there is no reason for police to be bothering him . But he says they are a constant presence in his life . This summer , he recorded an interaction on his cell phone camera . "  Get inside , and get the f -- k out of there ! " the video begins , with a uniformed cop cursing from his cruiser as Taylor and a friend shelter from the rain at the entrance of his grandmother 's housing development waiting for a ride to their boxing gym . "  Why are you talking to me like that ? " Taylor asks incredulously . "  Get inside , " the cop repeats again , walking toward them and kicking open the door to the building , "  or I 'll handcuff you . " "  I 'm not even doing anything . " "  Get inside , now ! " Most Americans know about what happened to Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . And many know about the choke hold death of Eric Garner by police in Staten Island , New York . Grand juries are reviewing evidence in both cases and we could soon learn if there will be criminal charges against the officers involved . But between these and other high profile cases are the invisible daily struggles of blacks like Taylor who live and work in what police departments across the nation identify as "  high-crime " communities , and are policed with the assumption of criminality . Taylor 's video did n't go viral or make the nightly news because the cop did n't beat , arrest or kill him , fortunately . But it 's regular interactions like these that are sending a message that your rights matter less to the police when you 're black . These and more invasive kinds of persistent police interactions fueled a landmark lawsuit in New York , which resulted in an unprecedented ruling against the New York Police Department , ordering it to amend its "  stop and frisk " practice . They also helped lead to the election of a reform-minded mayor in the city . But nearly a year into Bill de Blasio 's first term , we were told countless times during our reporting for this film that qualitatively little has changed in the relationship between minorities and the police . And though the number of stops is down dramatically , New York 's new police commissioner , William Bratton , has largely replaced it in minority communities with "  broken windows " policing . The broken windows theory suggests that by aggressively focusing on low-level crime and disorder you can discourage more serious crimes . "  Order maintenance , " "  zero-tolerance , " and proactive policing are its hallmarks . Bratton credited it with reducing crime when he was the city 's police commissioner in the early '90s under Mayor Rudy Giuliani . But many experts , like professor Alex Vitale of Brooklyn College , doubt the correlation . "  Crime rates dropped over the last 20 years in hundreds of cities around the world , in places that have never even heard of broken windows , " he says . The department justifies its continued use by saying crime and disorder would rise again if it was abandoned . And so its aggressive policing with a focus on high numbers of misdemeanor arrests continues in minority neighborhoods , even though violent crime is at all-time lows . Vitale believes the police need to be reined in . Bratton once seemed to think so as well . In the '90s when crime was falling in New York , according to Patrick Lyons of The New York Times , Bratton said citizens in heavily patrolled neighborhoods deserved a "  peace dividend , " a break from overzealous policing . But many say that 's not the way it 's playing out on the streets today . In an interview for our documentary , Bratton conceded that arrest and summons quotas are likely still practiced in some precincts , though he does not condone them . Combined with broken windows-style enforcement , it is a potentially dangerous mix . That mix does n't always turn deadly , as in the case of Eric Garner , but these aggressive and invasive interactions are having a generational impact and fueling events like what the nation witnessed in Ferguson and Staten Island . And these interactions are also perpetuating distrust of police among minorities in New York . This summer , a spate of citizen-recorded videos showed NYPD interventions and arrests going awry because citizens seemingly did n't agree with the justifications for the encounters . "  It 's a sign of a breakdown of police legitimacy , Vitale said , "  And once we head down that road , if it 's not fixed , it 's going to produce more and bigger confrontations . " It 's bad for the police and bad for the city . Any criminologist will tell you that police solve more crimes when members of the public help them catch the criminals . But , the more the public is alienated , the less helpful they will be . Like Aubura Taylor , most of the men and women we interviewed said they do n't trust the police . They try to steer clear of them and avoid any verbal communication . Some community activists , like former NYPD cop Carlton Berkeley , even counsel minorities to say nothing when approached by the police . Berkeley 's advice , "  All you have to say is ` am I under arrest ? ' And if not , ` then am I free to go ? ' " Critics of reform claim that excessive police oversight and scrutiny is tantamount to being soft on crime , and as a result will make the city less safe , returning it to early '90s , crack-epidemic-era crime levels , and making it more hospitable to terrorists . But the flip side is that the relentless wholesale targeting of black men in high-crime areas is creating a far more precarious future for beat cops , criminalized minorities and the city . The resounding cry in communities of color is that a new approach and a new police culture are needed . As de Blasio 's first year in office winds down , he has an opportunity to honor his pledge to renew trust . The federal ruling in the stop and frisk case contained a list of remedies . All the barriers to those remedies being enacted disappeared when the final appeal was tossed out last month . The recently announced policy change to stop arresting people who possess less than 25 grams of marijuana , according to some critics , may only slightly reduce the number of arrests and does not address the root problem of disparate enforcement where blacks and Latinos make up 86 % of marijuana arrests , despite equal use across demographic lines . An incremental policy change does not address the ongoing complaints among minorities that they feel targeted , and that this department and ones across the country lack a racially inclusive vision for policing . When Taylor showed us his video , no one outside his circle had seen it before . "  I was planning on giving it to a reporter , " he said , "  because I want people to know how we 're still scared of the NYPD and we do n't know what to do . We need somebody that can help us . " Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Beyond high-profile cases like that in Ferguson , there 's ongoing tension between cops , minorities Filmmakers say New Yorkers still distrust cops even after stop and frisk lawsuit They say decision to stop small-scale marijuana arrests will help but it 's not enough "  Broken windows " theory of policing leads to inequities in enforcement , they say
CNN  -- The Al-Shabaab assault on a mall in Nairobi , Kenya , is alarming for its audacity , its scale and the sophisticated planning that went into it . Both the choice of target and method of attack exactly fit the new al Qaeda playbook . Few counterterrorism experts are surprised that the Somali group launched another attack in the Kenyan capital . It has threatened to take revenge ever since Kenyan forces entered Al-Shabaab 's heartland in southern Somalia . Small-scale attacks , frequently with hand grenades , have already brought bloodshed to Nairobi 's streets . Back in September of last year , Kenyan authorities said they had disrupted a major plot to attack public spaces in Nairobi in its final stages of planning . Authorities also broke up a plot by the group against Western tourists in the city in late 2007 . But the scope of the assault on the Westgate Mall -- and especially its eerie similarities to the attack in Mumbai , India , in 2008 -- show that Al-Shabaab has taken its ability to strike outside Somalia to a new level . Only once before has the group caused such carnage in East Africa , when bombers attacked bars and restaurants in the Ugandan capital , Kampala , on the night of the World Cup Final in 2010 . More than 60 people were killed . Al-Shabaab said the attacks were in retaliation for Uganda 's leading role in the African Union force supporting Somalia 's weak government in Mogadishu . But the attack on the Westgate Mall is very different , involving perhaps 10 or more heavily armed assailants , using multiple entrance points to lay siege to a high-profile venue in an upscale neighborhood . The assault then evolved into a hostage-taking to garner maximum publicity . Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness Al-Shabaab says the attack took months of planning and training , and as it unfolded the group kept up a running commentary on its Twitter feed . "  The Mujahideen entered #Westgate Mall today at around noon and are still inside the mall , fighting the #Kenyan Kuffar  infidels  inside their own turf , " it said . Al Qaeda Template The operation ticks the boxes that al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri listed in a message published just over a week ago . 1 . Ensure the target is Western . The Westgate Mall has several Israeli establishments and is popular with expatriates . Those killed include three British citizens , two French nationals and two Canadians , their governments said . In his September 13 message , al-Zawahiri warned against attacks on non-Western states unless the regime was part of "  the American forces . " Kenya , with its long tradition of pro-Western governments and close relationships with Western militaries , fits that bill . 2 . Take hostages where possible . Al-Zawahiri recommended taking "  the citizens of the countries that are participating in the invasion of Muslim countries as hostages so that our prisoners may be freed in exchange . " 3 . Try to avoid Muslim casualties . Al-Shabaab claimed on its Twitter feed that the gunmen escorted Muslims out of the mall , before turning on the "  disbelievers " inside . Witnesses said the gunmen at the Westgate tried to identify Muslims by asking shoppers the name of Mohammed 's mother . They shot those who did n't know . Nairobi is vulnerable to Al-Shabaab attacks not least because of the large Somali community , many of them refugees from the country 's long-running clan warfare , that lives in the Eastleigh district . Known as "  little Mogadishu , " Eastleigh is now home to an estimated 250,000 Somalis . And Al-Shabaab is well established there , raising money , finding recruits and setting up safe houses . Al-Shabaab also has an ally in the militant Kenyan group al Hijra , formerly the Muslim Youth Center , which has a strong presence in Eastleigh and in the coastal city of Mombasa . Investigators will be examining whether al Hijra played a role in the attack on the Westgate mall . Kenyan al Hijra militants are suspected to have been responsible for several of the small-scale terrorist attacks that have hit the country . Bergen : How Al-Shabaab picks its targets This is a worrying trend , analysts say . While Al-Shabaab 's Somali fighters are not used to operating abroad , non-Somali East Africans have been training with the group in southern Somalia . Al Hijra is the most potent outgrowth of that training . Founded in an Eastleigh mosque in 2008 , al Hijra took advantage of growing radicalization among a minority of Kenya 's 4.3 million Muslims to build a significant presence in Nairobi and Mombasa . Investigators established the group had close links to the attacks in Kampala in July 2010 . According to the U.N. Monitoring Group on Somalia , most of the operatives who conspired in the attack were Kenyan and close to al Hijra leaders . A crackdown against al Hijra by Kenyan authorities , helped by the United States , has weakened the group . According to a 2013 United Nations report , "  Al Hijra members were plagued by unexplained killings , disappearances , continuous ` catch and release ' arrest raids and operational disruptions . " But al Hijra is far from defeated . According to the U.N. report , it has established links with Al-Shabaab affiliates elsewhere in East Africa and is enlisting the services of fighters returning from Somalia "  to conduct new and more complex operations . " Its leadership has become closer to al Qaeda through figures such as Abubakar Shariff Ahmed , known as "  Makaburi , " who is said to favor large-scale attacks in Kenya in support of Al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab has other valuable alliances in the region , including the government of Eritrea , which sees it as a useful ally against its arch-enemy Ethiopia . A United Nations Monitoring Group reported in 2011 that financial records and shipping movements indicated Eritrea 's support for Al-Shabaab went far beyond the humanitarian . In a 400-page report , it concluded that Eritrea 's relationship with Al-Shabaab seemed designed to "  legitimize and embolden the group rather than to curb its extremist orientation or encourage its participation in a political process . " Al-Shabaab has also established a relationship with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen , from which it obtains weapons and training , according to counterterrorism officials and former members of both AQAP and Al-Shabaab . One former jihadist tells CNN the relationship began in 2008 when he linked up a senior figure in Al-Shabaab , Ahmed Warsame , with the Yemeni cleric Anwar al-Awlaki . In September 2011 , the U.S. Africa Command warned that Al-Shabaab , Boko Haram in NIgeria and al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb were trying to synchronize their efforts to launch attacks on U.S and Western interests . Somali jihadists recruit in U.S. , Canada and Europe Kenyan incursion The Kenyan capital became much more vulnerable to retaliation when Kenyan troops and tanks , supported by airstrikes , moved into Somalia in October 2011 in response to growing cross-border violence . Al-Shabaab immediately warned that the incursion would have "  cataclysmic consequences . " What was meant to be a limited engagement dragged on . It took a year for Kenyan forces to capture the port of Kismayo , but in doing so they dramatically raised the stakes for Al-Shabaab . According to the U.N. , Al-Shabaab used to collect an estimated $ 35 million to $ 50 million annually in custom tolls and taxes on businesses in Kismayo and two secondary ports higher up the coast -- about half its entire estimated annual income . Its expulsion from Kismayo changed the dynamics for Al-Shabaab . Previously the group held off plotting large-scale attacks in Kenya because of Kenya 's importance for recruitment , logistics and fund-raising . Al-Shabaab commanders realized a crackdown by law enforcement on Somali interests in Kenya would be devastating to the Somali business community , creating a backlash against it in Somalia . But after they lost control of Kismayo , the gloves came off . In March , Al-Shabaab warned Kenyans they would not "  sleep safely " in Nairobi as long as their soldiers were in Somalia . And in the midst of the siege , the group tweeted : "  For long we have waged war against the Kenyans in our land , now it 's time to shift the battleground and take the war to their land . " "  The attack at #WestgateMall is just a very tiny fraction of what Muslims in Somalia experience at the hands of Kenyan invaders , " another tweet said . It 's notable that Al-Shabaab was able to plan and train for such a sophisticated attack despite losing much territory in southern Somalia and around the capital , Mogadishu . As it has lost ground , the group has resorted to suicide bombings . Earlier this month it carried out a bomb attack against a restaurant popular with Westerners in Mogadishu , killing more than a dozen people . A U.N. report issued in July noted that Al-Shabaab "  has shifted its strategic posture to asymmetrical warfare in both urban centres and the countryside " but added that it "  continues to control most of southern and central Somalia . " The report estimated the military strength of Al-Shabaab at about 5,000 fighters , with a functioning chain of command , and said it had "  preserved the core of its fighting force and resources . " After years of infighting and feuds , the Nairobi attack may also confirm the ascendancy of Al-Shabaab 's most militant faction and its leader Mukhtar Abu al Zubayr  aka Ahmed Abdi Godane  . Zubayr attended a madrassa in Pakistan as a young man and merged the group with al Qaeda in February 2012 . He sees Al-Shabaab as part of al Qaeda 's global jihad . Dissenters have defected or been killed . Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys of Al-Shabaab 's old guard surrendered to Somali authorities . And earlier this month Zubayr reportedly ordered the killing of two Western militants who were critical of his leadership style and had aligned themselves with Aweys -- Omar Hammami and Osama al Brittani . Hammami was an American from Alabama who had become a prominent mouthpiece for Al-Shabaab before publicly criticizing Zubayr last year . Zubayr 's increasingly tight grip on Al-Shabaab -- thanks to his ruthless use of the group 's intelligence wing in hunting down opponents -- appears to have forestalled the collapse of Al-Shabaab , and may have made it more dangerous . Zubayr has threatened a direct attack on the United States , and last year the U.S. offered a $ 7 million reward for information locating him . It would be very surprising if the attack in Nairobi did not receive his blessing , and it may be a sign of things to come as Al-Shabaab takes its war to other parts of East Africa . Of more immediate concern to Kenyan authorities , in a country where political violence can explode quickly , is a likely backlash against Somali and Kenyan Muslims , which could create a new cycle of radicalization and unrest .	Al-Shabaab has threatened revenge on Kenya ever since Kenyan forces entered Somalia Mall attack shows Al-Shabaab has taken its ability to strike outside Somalia to a new level The operation meets criteria that al Qaeda leader al-Zawahiri listed in a recent message Al-Shabaab allies in region include Kenyan militant group al Hijra and Eritrean government
Sunset  -- You know you 're in Big Sky , Montana , when : 1 . You have the slopes to yourself Big Sky may not share the glory of the glitzy resort towns in Colorado and Utah , but with more snow and open space , this undersung skiing nirvana can rest on its own laurels . From the top of 11,166-foot Lone Peak Mountain , there 's nothing below you but wide-open slopes and powder bowls with sweeping views across Montana and Wyoming . Between the town 's two ski resorts -- Big Sky and Moonlight Basin -- there are three mountains used by an average of only 2,500 skiers per day ... it works out to 2 acres per skier . That means long , floating runs and nonexistent lift lines . Sunset : 7 warming winter trips 2 . You 've never seen so much powder Low humidity and moderate temperatures give Big Sky its characteristic "  cold smoke " powder  it 's also the name of a local microbrew  . On top of that , the area gets dumped with 400 inches of this light , fluffy stuff annually . Compare that with 350 in Park City , 309 in Telluride , and 300 in Aspen . Mammoth Mountain in Southern California gets as much snow , but with three times the crowds . Sunset : Glacier National Park 's top wow spots 3 . The après-ski scene has a Wild West twist Cowboy boots , horseshoes over doorways , antler coatracks , and drinks with names like Moose Drool and Range Rider Red Big Sky 's restaurants do n't let you forget you 're in cowboy country . Dig into T-bones the size of a Stetson at the Corral Bar & Steakhouse , a 1946 log restaurant with wagon-wheel chandeliers . Another favorite is Buck 's T-4 Lodge and Restaurant , with its stone fireplace , smoked-trout appetizers , pan-seared deer sirloin , and yes , more wagon-wheel chandeliers . 4 . You mix up your skiing with a winter safari Ski vacation or wilderness trip ? Here you get both . To see the wild side of the Gallatin Valley , saddle up with Jake 's Horses to clop along the Gallatin River . The bears are hibernating , but keep an eye out for bighorn sheep , coyotes , eagles , moose , and elk that migrate from Yellowstone National Park to warm up at the lower elevation . 5 . You step out of your skis and into cowboy boots Sure , you could stay at a slopeside condo , but there are places with more Montana flair . The 320 Guest Ranch , 12 miles outside of Big Sky , has cozy log cabins along the Gallatin River . After a dinner of local beef , elk tenderloin , or cornmeal-crusted trout , head out on a sleigh pulled by hearty draft horses . Burrow under blankets and listen to the wrangler 's ranch tales , while you cruise through the forest and enjoy hot cider and chili . Getting there Big Sky is 56 miles south of Bozeman airport . Nonstop flights to BZN are available from Denver , Salt Lake City , and Seattle . Big Sky Resort  full-day ski pass $ 79 ; bigskyresort.com  is at 1 Lone Mountain Trail ; Moonlight Basin  ski season opens Dec 12 ; full-day pass from $ 55 ; moonlightbasin.com  is at 1020 State 64 . Sunset : Big Sky drive Friday For riverside cabins , try the 320 Guest Ranch  from $ 79 , including breakfast ; restaurant $ $ $ ; 320ranch . com  , just outside Big Sky . At Big Sky Resort , check into the ski-in , ski-out Powder Ridge Cabins  from $ 485  or the Huntley Lodge  from $ 168  . For a great steak dinner , head to the Corral Bar & Steakhouse  $ $ ; closed Dec 4 ; 42895 Gallatin Rd. , Gallatin Gateway ; 406/995 -4249  . Saturday Rent equipment at Lone Mountain Sports  from $ 27 per day ; at Big Sky Resort ; lonemountainsports.net  , and ski Flat Iron , Andesite , and Lone Peak Mountains . For lunch , order barbecue pork sandwiches at Pinnacle Restaurant  $ $ ; opens Dec 15 ; 406/993 -5800  , at the top of Andesite . Later , saddle up at Jake 's Horses  from $ 37 per hour ; reservations required ; 200 Beaver Creek Rd. , Gallatin Gateway ; jakeshorses.com  . At Buck 's T-4 Lodge and Restaurant  $ $ $ ; 46625 Gallatin Rd. , Gallatin Gateway ; 406/995 -4111  , try the red deer . Sunday Grab the new Biggest Skiing in America Pass  $ 94 ; available Dec 12 ; biggestskiinginamerica.com  , so you can ski both resorts . From Big Sky Resort 's Liberty Bowl , ski to the Lodge at Moonlight Basin for chicken quesadillas at the Timbers Restaurant  $ $ ; 406/995 -7777  . Back at the 320 Guest Ranch , take the hourlong sleigh ride  $ 32 ; 800/243 -0320  , also available to nonguests . Sunset - Get Your Weekly Guide to Sunset - food , homes and travel . Sign up for our e-mail newsletter . Copyright 2004-2011 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Big Sky may not share the glory of the glitzy resort towns , but has its benefits The slopes have a lot of open space , which can make for long runs and nonexistent lift lines Low humidity and moderate temperatures give Big Sky its characteristic "  cold smoke " powder
San Angelo , Texas  CNN  -- Polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs asked to leave the courtroom Friday and will not be representing himself during the penalty phase of his sexual assault trial . But before being escorted out of the Texas courtroom , Jeffs delivered a message to jurors demanding that the proceedings cease . Deric Walpole , one of the defense attorneys Jeffs had fired earlier in trial , represented him Friday as the penalty phase of the trial continued . Jurors will decide his punishment after hearing additional witness testimony in the penalty phase of the trial . Prosecutors say this phase of the trial could last several days . The leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints faces a maximum sentence of life in prison on his conviction of sexually assaulting a 12-year-old and a 15-year-old who were his "  spiritual wives . " The jury convicted him of two counts of sexual assault on a child -- charges filed after a 2008 raid on a ranch his church operates near Eldorado , Texas . Jeffs represented himself during the guilt-innocence phase of the trial . He was silent during most of his 30-minute closing argument Thursday , mumbling at one point , "  I am at peace . " Texas prosecutors rested their case Wednesday after playing a key piece of evidence for jurors : a 20-minute audio tape that began and ended with a man saying prayer . Prosecutors alleged that the recording was of Jeffs ' sexual assault of a then-12-year-old girl in the presence of three other "  wives . " The girl had grown up in Jeffs ' Yearning for Zion ranch , authorities said . Prosecutors showed the jury a photo of her with her arms around Jeffs , and a marriage certificate that listed the girl 's age as 12 at the time . Jurors also heard audio recordings that prosecutors said showed Jeffs instructing a 14-year-old and his other young "  wives " on how to sexually please him in order to win God 's favor . Prosecutors said the 14-year-old was Jeffs ' "  spiritual wife " and conceived a child with Jeffs when she was 15 . Jeffs could be sentenced to five years to life in prison on the charge of aggravated sexual assault regarding the alleged 12-year-old . For the other count , he could face a sentence of two to 20 years . Jeffs ' breakaway sect is believed to have about 10,000 followers . Their practice of polygamy , which the mainstream Mormon Church renounced more than a century ago , is part of the sect 's doctrine . In Session 's Beth Karas , Jim Kyle contributed to this report .	Jeffs leaves the courtroom during the sentencing phase of his trial One of the attorneys whom Jeffs had fired earlier represented him Friday Jeffs was convicted of sexually assaulting to teenage "  spiritual wives "
CNN  Call it "  The War of the Rose . " Amber Rose and Khloe Kardashian had it out on social media Monday , and it was something to behold . It all appears to have started when model Rose appeared on New York 's Power 105.1 morning show and was asked about a reported relationship between reality star Kardashian 's younger sister Kylie Jenner and rapper Tyga . Rose , who is the ex-girlfriend of Kardashian 's now-brother-in-law Kanye West , said she believes Jenner , 17 , is too young for the 25-year-old rapper . "  She 's a baby . She needs to go to bed at 7 o'clock and relax , " said Rose , who is also good friends with the mother of Tyga 's infant son . "  That 's ridiculous .  Tyga  should be ashamed of himself . " Rose added that while she does n't respect the Kardashian/Jenner clan , she does n't hate them , either . Kardashian then took to Twitter to point out that Rose said during the interview that she started stripping at the age of 15 and to request that Rose stop talking about her family . That 's when Rose unleashed the shade by pointing out that although she may have stripped , West 's wife , Kim Kardashian , is well-known for having a sex tape . She also showed the clan what can happen when you mess with a girl from South Philly . Kardashian then spoke out to say that Rose 's response just proved her point . But Rose had the last word , posting a screen shot of what appeared to be Kardashian liking a post of a leaked nude photo of Rose . Rose captioned it "  Yo @khloekardashian I 'm really happy for u and I 'm gon na let u finish but I have the best leaked nude pics of all time ! #StopSweatinMeHoe . "	Model Amber Rose talked about the Kardashian/Jenners during an interview Khloe Kardashian responded But Rose had the last word
EW  -- Maya Rudolph will make her return to NBC next month with some song and sketch -- not to mention , a little help from her famous friends . The network has slated her variety show special , titled "  The Maya Rudolph Show , " to air on May 19 at 10 p.m. Tina Fey and Robert Carlock on '30 Rock ' finale The "  Saturday Night Live " vet -- who recently starred in another Peacock comedy series , "  Up All Night " -- will be joined by Kristen Bell , Andy Samberg , Fred Armisen , Craig Robinson , Sean Hayes and Chris Parnell . Janelle Monáe will pop up as the musical guest , while Raphael Saaddiq will serve as bandleader . The one-hour special , which also could double as the pilot for an ongoing series , is being executive produced by "  SNL 's " Lorne Michaels . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Maya Rudolph is returning to NBC with a variety special The show will air on May 19 at 10 p.m. The "  Saturday Night Live " alum will be joined by some of her former co-stars The one-hour special could also double as the pilot for an ongoing series
Washington  CNN  -- While the first lady and daughters Malia and Sasha were away this weekend , President Barack Obama has been enjoying what some have jokingly referred to as a bachelor 's weekend with friends -- golfing , playing basketball and grilling out on the South Lawn . The festivities are all part of a belated birthday celebration of sorts for the president , who turned 49 on Wednesday . First lady Michelle Obama and youngest daughter Sasha , 9 , were on vacation in Spain , while 12-year-old Malia is attending camp . Friends from Hawaii , Chicago , Illinois , and college joined the president on Saturday at Andrews Air Force Base for a round of golf . The sports outings continued Sunday with a basketball game at Fort McNair where Obama -- along with such NBA stars as LeBron James , Dwayne Wade , Grant Hill and Earvin "  Magic " Johnson -- played in front of an audience of wounded servicemen and participants in the White House mentoring program . Obama was scheduled to return to the White House Sunday evening with friends and some of the basketball players for a seafood barbecue on the South Lawn . Workers were seen setting up grills on the lawn Sunday morning in preparation for the party . Tables set up with white and yellow linens and adorned with centerpieces of lemons and limes dotted the lawn . The menu is expected to include shrimp from the Gulf Coast , where the seafood industry has been hard hit by the BP oil disaster , according to White House aide Katie Hogan . CNN 's Jonathan Helman contributed to this report .	The president turned 49 on Wednesday The first lady and the couple 's daughters are away this weekend Obama played golf on Saturday and basketball on Sunday A seafood barbecue is planned for Sunday night
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. military closed its detention facility in southern Iraq on Thursday after a plane carried the last remaining prisoners to another facility in Baghdad . Iraqi detainees walk around Camp Bucca detention centre on May 20 , 2008 The United States has been releasing detainees or transferring custody to the Iraqi government , a goal spelled out in the bilateral security agreement negotiated last year between the two nations . Since February , the Americans have released about 750 detainees from its detention facilities and transferred 200 more to Iraqi authorities each month , the military said . Camp Bucca , in the southern port city of Basra , was one of three prisons operated by U.S.-led forces in Iraq . The other two are Camp Cropper , adjacent to the Baghdad airport , and Camp Taji , just north of the capital . Both camps are scheduled to be handed over to the Iraqis next year . The last 180 detainees from Bucca were airlifted by military transport early Thursday morning to one of those two other facilities . A total of 8,305 detainees still remain in U.S. custody , about half the number at the start of the year . "  I 'm pleased to say the Camp Bucca detention facility is now closed , " said Brig. Gen. David Quantock , the commander of the task force handling the detainee releases and transfers .	U.S. miliary closes Camp Bucca , a detention center in southern Iraq Last remaining prisoners were transferred to another center in Baghdad Closure is in accordance with bilateral security agreement negotiated last year Two remaining camps set to be handed over to the Iraqis next year
CNN  Paul Walker is hardly the first actor to die during a production . But Walker 's death in November 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash was especially eerie given his rise to fame in the "  Fast and Furious " film franchise . The release of "  Furious 7 " on Friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember -- and possibly grieve again -- the man that so many have praised as one of the nicest guys in Hollywood . "  He was a person of humility , integrity , and compassion , " military veteran Kyle Upham said in an email to CNN . Walker secretly paid for the engagement ring Upham shopped for with his bride . "  We did n't know him personally but this was apparent in the short time we spent with him . I know that we will never forget him and he will always be someone very special to us , " said Upham . The actor was on break from filming "  Furious 7 " at the time of the fiery accident , which also claimed the life of the car 's driver , Roger Rodas . Producers said early on that they would not kill off Walker 's character , Brian O'Connor , a former cop turned road racer . Instead , the script was rewritten and special effects were used to finish scenes , with Walker 's brothers , Cody and Caleb , serving as body doubles . There are scenes that will resonate with the audience -- including the ending , in which the filmmakers figured out a touching way to pay tribute to Walker while "  retiring " his character . At the premiere Wednesday night in Hollywood , Walker 's co-star and close friend Vin Diesel gave a tearful speech before the screening , saying "  This movie is more than a movie . " "  You 'll feel it when you see it , " Diesel said . "  There 's something emotional that happens to you , where you walk out of this movie and you appreciate everyone you love because you just never know when the last day is you 're gon na see them . " There have been multiple tributes to Walker leading up to the release . Diesel revealed in an interview with the "  Today " show that he had named his newborn daughter after Walker . Social media has also been paying homage to the late actor . A week after Walker 's death , about 5,000 people attended an outdoor memorial to him in Los Angeles . Most had never met him . Marcus Coleman told CNN he spent almost $ 1,000 to truck in a banner from Bakersfield for people to sign at the memorial . "  It 's like losing a friend or a really close family member ... even though he is an actor and we never really met face to face , " Coleman said . "  Sitting there , bringing his movies into your house or watching on TV , it 's like getting to know somebody . It really , really hurts . " Walker 's younger brother Cody told People magazine that he was initially nervous about how "  Furious 7 " would turn out , but he is happy with the film . "  It 's bittersweet , but I think Paul would be proud , " he said . CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	"  Furious 7 " pays tribute to star Paul Walker , who died during filming Vin Diesel : "  This movie is more than a movie " "  Furious 7 " opens Friday
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Army is recalling 44,000 combat helmets -- some of which are being used by U.S. troops in Afghanistan and possibly Iraq -- after they failed to meet ballistics testing standards , an Army official announced Monday . Brig. Gen. Peter N. Fuller , who 's responsible for buying and testing equipment for soldiers , told reporters at the Pentagon the recall was issued Thursday . Tests showed the Advanced Combat Helmet  ACH  , which is standard issue for all soldiers , did not meet service requirements . Fuller said he was not aware of any injuries or deaths related to the recalled helmets . The move was triggered after the Justice Department informed the Army about an ongoing investigation into the company that makes the helmets , ArmorSource LLC , formerly Rabintex USA LLC . "  There is evidence that ArmorSource and Rabintex ACHs were produced using unauthorized manufacturing practices , defective materials and improper quality procedures which could potentially reduce ballistic and fragmentation protection , " said an All Army Activities message released May 14 to soldiers around the world . After the Justice Department 's notification , the Army conducted ballistic tests on the helmets and found they did n't meet service standards . It is unclear why the helmets failed the most recent tests but passed initial testing when the Army first contracted with ArmorSource in 2006 . The Army has an additional 55,000 helmets in storage . Those are also part of the recall and will be destroyed to ensure they are not distributed , Fuller said . The Army refused to accept delivery of another 3,000 helmets recently , bringing the total of problem helmets to 102,000 , Fuller said . The helmets cost $ 250 each , and Fuller said the Army is investigating whether it can recover funds already paid to the company . The 44,000 recalled helmets had been sent to locations all over the world for distribution . Some 24,000 of them were sent to a distribution center that gives them to other services as well . "  We do n't know where they are , so they could be on a soldier 's head in Iraq or Afghanistan , " Fuller said . "  We are seeing some getting returned in Bagram  Afghanistan  . " A statement posted on the ArmorSource website says the Army has not notified the company about the recall . "  ArmorSource was not informed of this recall before we saw the press release on Friday evening . We have not heard from the government regarding the recall and have no additional information , " the statement said . Army officials said they were not required to tell the company about the recall because the military owned the helmets . Fuller said the Army had already broken its contract with ArmorSource earlier in the year because of other problems with the helmets , including paint chipping off . Army officials could not discuss details about the problems with the helmets because of the Justice Department investigation , but they said the ballistics tests showed they would not protect a solider against a worst-case scenario strike on the helmet . Fuller said general ballistics tests showed that while a bullet would not penetrate the helmet , they still failed to meet stringent Army requirements and "  fell short of the required ballistics test . " Three other companies also make the helmets , and replacement helmets are already being distributed , an Army statement said . The recall affects about 4 percent of the more than 1 million ACHs in the Army 's inventory , according to Army statistics .	Brig. Gen. Peter N. Fuller : Advanced Combat Helmets did n't meet ballistics standards Some helmets in Afghanistan have already been turned in Army has additional 55,000 helmets in storage ; total of 102,000 helmets to be recalled Justice Department told Army about investigation into helmet maker ArmorSource
London  CNN  -- The Red Cross 's declaration Sunday that Syria is engaged in a civil war -- or in the organization 's legalistic phrasing , a "  non-international armed conflict " -- may have struck some observers as a case of stating the obvious . But the assessment from the Geneva-based body is significant . It means the violence that has plagued the Middle Eastern nation since early 2011 has crossed a legal threshold whereby combatants throughout the country are subject to the Geneva Conventions -- and as such can be prosecuted for war crimes . Who are the Red Cross ? The International Committee of the Red Cross  ICRC  is the guardian of the Geneva Conventions , which set down the rules of war . The organization was formed after the Battle of Solferino in 1859 in Italy . A Swiss businessman , Henry Dunant , encountered nearly 40,000 wounded , dying and dead lying unattended on the battlefield . He subsequently lobbied for the establishment of a permanent humanitarian relief agency to act during times of war , protected by a government treaty recognizing the neutrality of the agency and safeguarding its operations . These goals were realized through the establishment of the Red Cross and the First Geneva Convention , ratified by 12 nations in 1864 . Dunant was jointly awarded the first Nobel Peace Prize in 1901 for his efforts . Part of the Red Cross 's legal mandate is to determine whether an armed conflict exists , and whether international humanitarian law applies . What is the ICRC 's new assessment of the situation ? The ICRC 's classification of the violence as a "  non-international armed conflict " means international humanitarian law will extend beyond the three regions in Syria where the organization had previously determined to be areas of armed conflict -- namely Homs , Hama and Idlib -- to apply wherever fighting occurs . "  These rules impose limits on all parties on how fighting can be conducted , with the aim of protecting the civilian population and persons not , or no longer , directly participating in the hostilities , " said ICRC spokeswoman Carla Haddad Mardini told CNN . The ICRC will work to remind both the Syrian government and the armed opposition of their obligations to respect international humanitarian law , and share its analysis of what is occurring with both sides . It is hoped this will have an effect on the way the war is fought , by helping to regulate the conduct of fighters and safeguard the rights of innocents affected by the violence . How was the violence in Syria classified previously ? For months , the Red Cross has classified the violence in Syria as internal armed conflicts between government forces and armed opposition groups localized to three flashpoints mentioned above . But the spread of hostilities to other areas has led the Swiss-based agency to conclude the fighting meets its threshold for an internal armed conflict . International humanitarian law now applies "  wherever hostilities take place , " the organization said Monday . What are the Geneva Conventions ? The Geneva Conventions and their Additional Protocols are international treaties that , in the words of the Red Cross , "  contain the most important rules limiting the barbarity of war . " Applicable during times of armed conflict , they form the cornerstone of international humanitarian law , setting rules for the treatment of people who are not participating in the fighting -- civilians , health workers and aid workers -- as well as for the wounded , sick or prisoners of war . Read the 1949 Geneva Conventions here Common Article 3 of the conventions , which relates to "  non-international armed conflicts " -- the most common form of conflict in the world today -- is applicable to the situation in Syria . "  The term "  civil war " , often used as a synonym for "  internal armed conflict "  or  "  armed conflict not of an international character , " has no legal status , " said Mardini . Special rules apply to the most serious contraventions of the law , which are termed grave breaches and constitute war crimes . What counts as a "  grave breach ? " These crimes include willful killing , torture or inhumane treatment , including biological experiments ; willfully causing great suffering or serious injury ; and wanton , unlawful extensive destruction and appropriation of property not justified by military necessity . Read the definition of grave breaches here Nations that are party to the conventions have an obligation to seek and put on trial or extradite those responsible for grave breaches , regardless of their nationality . What is the history of the Geneva Conventions ? Efforts to moderate the behavior of soldiers are as old as recorded history itself . In the sixth century BC , the Chinese general and military strategist Sun Tzu suggested specific restrictions on military conduct , while in 1625 , the Dutch theorist Hugo Grotius called for civilian protections in "  On the Law of War and Peace . " Throughout the history of warfare , agreements on the rules of war were defined by custom or negotiated between generals prior to battle , but did not extend widely beyond the conflict in question . The modern Geneva Conventions were adopted in 1949 , in the aftermath of World War II , and expanded their focus to include civilians for the first time , in an attempt to prevent another outbreak of the "  total war " which had wreaked havoc on civilian populations . Who recognizes the Geneva Conventions ? The Geneva Conventions entered into force on 21 October 1950 and have gradually grown in recognition to become universally applicable . More than 70 countries ratified the conventions during the 1950s , and today 194 nations are party to the agreement . Do they have an impact on the battlefield ? According to the ICRC , yes . While the nature of war has changed radically in the decades since the conventions were drafted , they continue to act as a powerful deterrent to the commission of atrocities in times of conflict . The ICRC 's director of international law Philip Spoerri told CNN in 2009 that enforcing compliance with the conventions , rather than recodifying their core principles , should be a priority for international humanitarian law . Simon Hooper contributed to this report .	The Red Cross has determined that Syria is in a state of civil war This means international humanitarian law applies wherever there is fighting The Geneva Conventions , overseen by the Red Cross , govern behavior in war zones They lay the legal groundwork for war crimes prosecutions
The family of Mary Richardson Kennedy , the estranged wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , blasted news accounts of her death Thursday for what they called "  inaccuracies and misrepresentations " of her life . Mary Kennedy : ` Green ' designer , wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. . Kennedy was found dead Wednesday in Bedford , New York , north of New York City . She died of asphyxiation due to hanging , the Westchester County medical examiner said Thursday . "  While we would naturally prefer to remain private at this very upsetting time , we feel compelled to make this statement because the description of Mary carried by certain news organizations since her passing yesterday is wholly inconsistent with the sister we knew and the life she , in fact , lived , " her family said in a written statement . "  We loved Mary and knew her to be an exceptional mother , sibling and friend to many , " they said . "  Countless people have described her as an extraordinary mother , selfless in her desire to help others , and one of the finest people in the world . We know her as all those things , and more . " Mary Kennedy 's funeral set for Saturday The statement did not single out any particular reports . But several accounts of her death noted her troubled marriage to the son of the onetime New York senator , who was assassinated in 1968 , and the details of their private lives that were exposed when he filed for divorce in May 2010 . Despite the filing , the couple were still married at the time of Mary Kennedy 's death , her family attorney , Kerry A. Lawrence , told CNN . The evening after the divorce filing , Bedford police were called to the couple 's home and found them arguing over taking their four children to a carnival . According to a "  domestic incident " report filed by the officer on the scene , "  Mr. Kennedy stated that his wife was intoxicated and was acting irrational so he took the children to the carnival to remove them from the situation . " No one was injured , the report said . Two days later , Mary Kennedy was arrested for driving while intoxicated , but the charge was later reduced to a violation , the criminal charge was dismissed and her driver 's license was suspended for 90 days , Lawrence said . A second arrest occurred in August of the same year in the town of Pleasant Valley , in which she was charged with driving while impaired by prescription drugs , Lawrence said . Those charges were dismissed completely in July 2011 because all the drugs were prescribed and taken as her physician advised , the attorney said . Mary Kennedy 's death was a blow not only to her own family , but a fresh wound for a political dynasty long shadowed by tragedy . "  We know from a history of this family , it 's very hard being a Kennedy , either being a blood Kennedy or being married to one , " Laurence Leamer , a Kennedy biographer , said on CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  The overwhelming celebrity , the attention , the obligations , the expectations that you 're supposed to do something with your life . It 's very , very hard . " Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , a prominent environmental lawyer who is a professor at Pace Law School in White Plains , New York , is the third of 11 children born to Ethel and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy . His father was gunned down in California while making a run for the White House , nearly five years after his brother , President John F. Kennedy , also died at the hands of an assassin . More than three decades later , in 1999 , John F. Kennedy Jr. , his wife , Carolyn Bessette Kennedy , and his sister-in-law , Lauren Bessette , died when a plane he was piloting crashed in the waters off Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts . David Kennedy died of a drug overdose and Michael Kennedy was killed in a skiing accident . Mary Kennedy was "  a tremendously gifted architect and a pioneer and relentless advocate of green design who enhanced her cutting edge , energy efficient creations with exquisite taste and style , " Robert F. Kennedy 's family said in a statement . "  Mary inspired our family with her kindness , her love , her gentle soul and generous spirit , " a statement by the husband 's family said . She advocated finding a cure for food allergies and asthma and was a co-founder of the Food Allergy Initiative , which is the world 's largest private source of funding for food allergy research , they said . As a designer , Mary Kennedy specialized in green architecture . In a book titled "  Kennedy Green House , " co-author Robert F. Kennedy Jr. describes how he and his wife restored their flooded , black-mold-infested home into an eco-friendly residence . In the book , her husband wrote that she had worked for the design firm Parish-Hadley and worked on the renovation of the Naval Observatory in Washington , the official residence of the U.S. vice president .	Mary Kennedy 's family blasts "  misrepresentations " of her life Robert F. Kennedy Jr. filed for divorce from his wife in 2010 The couple was still married at the time of her death "  It 's very hard being ... a blood Kennedy or being married to one , " biographer says
CNN  -- That "  miracle " weight-loss product you 've seen on TV may not live up to the hype . The Federal Trade Commission has charged four companies with deceptive advertising related to their weight loss products . "  Operation Failed Resolution , " as the FTC calls it , is an effort by the federal agency to crack down on companies ' misleading claims about products that allegedly help consumers slim down . "  Resolutions to lose weight are easy to make but hard to keep , " Jessica Rich , director of the FTC 's Bureau of Consumer Protection , said in a statement . "  And the chances of being successful just by sprinkling something on your food , rubbing cream on your thighs or using a supplement are slim to none . The science just is n't there . " Only three weight-loss drugs are currently approved by the Food and Drug Administration for long-term use by certain adults : Belviq , Qsymia and Orlistat  sold over-the-counter as Alli  . The FTC has reached a settlement with Sensa , Inc. and a partial settlement with LeanSpa , LLC. , according to an FTC press release . The release also announced the charges filed against L'Occitane and HCG Diet Direct . Users sprinkle Sensa on their food to allegedly reduce hunger . It contains maltodextrin , tricalcium phosphate and silica , as well as natural and artificial flavors . Sensa 's advertising claimed the product is clinically proven to help people lose an average of 30 pounds in six months without dieting or exercise . "  Simply sprinkle Sensa on , eat all the foods you love and watch the pounds come off , " one commercial promised . "  It 's that easy . " A one-month supply of Sensa is $ 59.00  plus shipping and handling  . Profit from the sales of Sensa in the United States between 2008 and 2012 totaled nearly $ 364 million , according to court documents . The FTC complaint named Sensa Products LLC , Sensa Inc. , Sensa CEO Adam Goldberg and Sensa creator Dr. Alan Hirsch . All were charged with making unsubstantiated claims . "  SENSAÂ ® made a business decision to settle with the FTC so it could focus on the core of its business : its customers , " the company said in response on its website . "  The settlement includes no admission of wrongful conduct by the company ... The company has agreed to make changes to its advertising claims but otherwise will continue business as usual . " The FTC shut down LeanSpa leader Boris Mizhen 's weight-loss companies in December 2011 , claiming they were using fake news websites to promote acai berry and colon cleansing products . The FTC said consumers were being ripped off by paying up to $ 79.99 in shipping and handling charges for a "  free trial . " In a statement , LeanSpa said that it "  regrets that it was forced by heavy-handed government tactics and financial circumstances , including an unwarranted freeze of the personal assets of LeanSpa principal Boris Mizhen and his wife  who was n't even involved in the business and has been accused of no wrongdoing  , to enter into this settlement . LeanSpa never should have been named in this lawsuit and has been ruined by it . "  LeanSpa was an excellent company with first rank scientific advisors and an excellent , clinically tested weight loss product . It did not mislead consumers in its product claims or billing practices , and was itself a victim of deceptive and fraudulent conduct by its marketing partners . The settlement is a pragmatic compromise which admits no wrongdoing by LeanSpa and Mr. Mizhen and spares them expensive , protracted litigation . Could they have had their day in court , they are confident they and their actions would have been wholly vindicated . " The company 's website , LeanSpa.com , appeared to be down Wednesday . L'Occitane sells beauty products and fragrances that are "  inspired by the Mediterranean lifestyle , " according to the company 's website . L'Occitane launched an advertising campaign in 2012 that claimed its Almond Beautiful Shape and Almond Shaping Delight skin creams could help consumers slim down . Commercials said Almond Beautiful Shape could "  trim 1.3 inches in just 4 weeks " while Almond Shaping Delight would "  visibly refine and reshape the silhouette . " Seven ounces of the products sold for $ 48 and $ 44 , respectively . "  L'Occitane takes enormous care in developing our entire line of products and we want our customers to make well-informed decisions , " the company said in a statement . "  When the FTC raised concerns in April 2012 regarding the way research findings for Almond Beautiful Shape and Almond Shaping Delight were communicated , we immediately took steps to review our advertising and marketing processes , and cooperated fully with the FTC . As a result of the FTC inquiry , L'Occitane has implemented a set of even more rigorous policies and procedures that will guide future clinical testing and ensure that our marketing and advertising comply with FTC regulations and guidelines . " HCG Diet Direct sells a liquid form of the hormone chorionic gonadotropin , which is produced by the human placenta and has long been said to promote weight loss . HGC products are sold online and in stores as pellets , sprays or oral drops , and are supposed to be taken with a very-low calorie diet of less than 800 calories per day . In November 2011 , HCG Diet Direct and six other companies received warning letters from the FTC and the FDA . "  These HCG products marketed over-the-counter are unproven to help with weight loss and are potentially dangerous even if taken as directed , " said Ilisa Bernstein , acting director of the Office of Compliance in FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , at the time . "  A very low-calorie diet should only be used under proper medical supervision . " The company falsely claimed the drops were approved by the FDA and charged approximately $ 35 for a seven-day supply , according to the FTC . It had sales totaling $ 3 million between 2009 and 2012 . Executives from HCG Diet Direct did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment . Three of the four companies charged owe money to reimburse customers , according to the FTC : Sensa will pay $ 26.5 million ; L'Occitane , Inc. will pay $ 450,000 ; and LeanSpa will surrender "  cash , real estate and personal property " totaling $ 7.3 million . HCG Diet Direct has submitted financial statements to the FTC saying it is unable to pay the $ 3.2 million judgment ; the fee has been suspended . The companies and defendants named in the legal charges are barred from making any other weight-loss claims about dietary supplements , food or drugs unless they have reliable scientific evidence , according to the FTC . Americans spend billions of dollars every year on supplements . The industry reported an estimated $ 25 billion in sales in 2009 . "  Market analysts suggest that the downturn in the economy has led to increased spending on these products , as consumers attempt to manage their own health care and avoid expensive doctor visits and prescription medications , " the FTC said on its website .	FTC says it has settled with Sensa , LeanSpa FTC announces charges against L'Occitane , HCG Diet Direct Companies made unsubstantiated claims about their products , FTC says Sensa : Settlement includes "  no admission of wrongful conduct by the company "
CNN  -- Two music faculty members at Florida A&M University have been placed on administrative leave due to hazing allegations related to the marching band , university officials said . The university investigation follows the high-profile suspected hazing death of FAMU band member Robert Champion in November , but the cases are unrelated . Faculty members Diron T. Holloway and Anthony E. Simons III were placed on leave effective Wednesday because of "  allegations of misconduct and/or incompetence involving reports and allegations of hazing within the Department of Music and the Marching ' 100 , ' " according to the university . The Marching 100 is the university 's nationally recognized band . Holloway is an associate professor and director of clarinets and saxophones , and Simons is an assistant professor for euphonium and tuba . The pair will receive pay while on leave , the university said . The university did not disclose details of the investigation , but said the hazing allegations stem from an off-campus incident in 2010 . Tallahassee police conducted a separate investigation into the allegations against Holloway and Simons , but the case was closed last week after the state of Florida decided it would not pursue criminal charges because it could not prove that hazing occurred and because the statute of limitations likely expired . The police report , however , sheds some light on the allegations and the difficulty authorities face when investigating such incidents . Many students police sought as witnesses refused to cooperate or retained lawyers . According to the police report , the incident happened sometime in the spring of 2010 , but was not reported to FAMU police until November 2011 , and did not reach Tallahassee police until January of this year . In the wake of Champion 's death , a band student and member of the Kappa Kappa Psi fraternity confided in a professor that he was involved in a hazing incident at Holloway 's home . The professor informed band director Julian White , who went to police . The student told police that the pledges at Holloway 's house were hit on their bodies and necks , and that they were paddled with "  a very thick piece of wood . " He offered details and said he suffered bruising on his buttocks from the paddling , but told police that he had no desire to press charges . "  He stated he wanted to be there and go through the ritual so he could become a Kappa Kappa Psi member , " the police report says . The student told the police this over the phone . When the authorities tried to set up an in-person interview , the student 's mother called to protest , saying her son would not give a statement . When police reached out to other potential witnesses who were there the day of the alleged hazing , the response that often came back was that they could n't remember the incident or would have to contact a lawyer before speaking . According to the police report , some of the witnesses relented and spoke with police , but only after subpoenas were issued . The students offered conflicting accounts in which some admitted there was some hitting , but no blows that caused injury . Some said Holloway was present during the hitting , and others said he was not . Some witnesses said Simons was also at the house . No one admitted to having witnessed paddling . Holloway himself was questioned by police , and said he told the fraternity members not to hit "  in the face and do n't paddle . " However , according to the police report , he said paddling may have happened outside or in the garage . He denied that he did anything resulting in bodily harm , but said , "  It 's possible to say that I did do something under the circumstances ... maybe I did do something . " According to FAMU President James H. Ammons , once the university 's investigation is complete , it "  will take appropriate action against faculty members or students , up to and including dismissals . "	NEW : Police report describes difficulty in investigating hazing allegations Two music professors at FAMU have been placed on leave with pay They are being investigated over hazing allegations from 2010 , the university says The probe is not related to the suspected hazing death of Robert Champion
CNN  -- World-record signing Cristiano Ronaldo scored on his debut as Real Madrid kicked off the Spanish football season with a shaky 3-2 victory at home to Deportivo La Coruna on Saturday night . Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates after paying off a small chunk of his record transfer fee with a goal on his Real debut . Real 's new generation of "  Galacticos " were preceded onto the pitch by the world 's fastest man Usain Bolt , with the Jamaican sprint star dribbling a ball to the delight of a packed Bernabeu crowd . Coach Manuel Pellegrini fielded seven new signings against a team who stunned Real 2-1 on the opening day last season to foreshadow a season of massive upheaval for the underachieving capital club . The first goal took just 26 minutes in coming as $ 92 million signing Kaka fed the ball to $ 50 million capture Karim Benzema , whose shot rebounded off the post and fell welcomingly to Real captain Raul to score . Ronaldo , who cost $ 130 million when he left Manchester United , then rose highest to meet a free-kick from $ 50 million midfielder Xavi Alonso but headed over the bar . Deportivo stunned the home crowd in the 30th minute when former Real striker Riki was allowed a free header to equalize in the type of defensive lapse that typified Madrid 's performances last season . But while Pellegrini has obvious problems to sort out at the back , where he fielded debutants Ezequiel Garay and Raul Albiol in the absence of the suspended Pepe , he has volumes of attacking resources at the other end of the pitch . His team took the lead again in the 34th minute through Ronaldo , who coolly slotted home from the penalty spot after Raul went down under goalkeeper Daniel Aranzubia 's challenge following a clever pass from midfielder Lassana Diarra . However , Real could not hold onto the lead , with veteran Juan Carlos Valeron firing a leveler from the edge of the area just 43 seconds into the second half following a cross by Andres Guardado . Valeron should have made it 3-2 with an even easier chance 12 minutes later , but he sidefooted another pass from Guardado wide of the Real goal . Real continued to pile forward in numbers , peppering the Deportivo goal , but it was the unexpected figure of Diarra who netted the eventual winner in the 60th minute with a low drive from outside the box . Benzema should have doubled the lead soon after following a mistake by Aranzubia , but saw his chip over the keeper rebound off the bar . The Frenchman made way for last season 's top scorer Higuain in the 72nd minute , with the Argentine lucky to avoid being booked for a blatant dive in the penalty area . Real 's rivals Barcelona start the defense of their title on Monday at home to Sporting Gijon , having already won a trophy this season by beating Shakhtar Donetsk 1-0 in the European Super Cup on Friday .	World-record signing Cristiano Ronaldo scores on his debut for Real Madrid Real kick off the Spanish football season with a 3-2 win at home to Deportivo Raul scores opening goal and Ronaldo 's first-half penalty makes it 2-1 Juan Carlos Valeron levels for visitors before Lassana Diarra 's 60th-minute winner
CNN  -- Interruptions in the emergency room may exact an unhealthy toll on patient care , a group of Australian researchers reported Thursday . The researchers , from the University of Sydney and the University of New South Wales , found that interruptions led emergency department doctors to spend less time on the tasks they were working on and , in nearly a fifth of cases , to give up on the task altogether . The researchers carried out a time-and-motion study in the emergency department of a 400-bed teaching hospital , observing 40 doctors for more than 210 hours . They found that each doctor was typically interrupted 6.6 times per hour ; 11 percent of all tasks were interrupted , 3.3 percent of them more than once . They calculated time on task and found that physicians spent less time on interrupted tasks than on uninterrupted tasks . In addition , doctors were multitasking 12.8 percent of the time . Doctors did not return to 18.5 percent of the interrupted tasks , according to the study , which was published in the journal Quality and Safety in Health Care . "  It appears that in busy interrupt-driven clinical environments , clinicians reduce the time they spend on clinical tasks if they experience interruptions , and may delay or fail to return to a significant portion of interrupted tasks , " concluded the authors , who were led by Johanna Westbrook , director of the health informatics research and evaluation unit on the Faculty of Health Sciences at the University of Sydney . "  Task shortening may occur because interrupted tasks are truncated to ` catch up ' for lost time , which may have significant implications for patient safety . " Other studies have shown that interruptions can result in lapses of attention , memory or perception , they wrote . "  Further , interruptions add significantly to cognitive load , increase stress and anxiety , inhibit decision-making performance and increase task errors , " they said . The interruptions included a doctor being asked a question while trying to write a prescription . "  Now , most people think it 's very acceptable to interrupt , " but doing so can be dangerous , lead author Westbrook said . She urged hospital emergency department directors to teach hospital personnel when it is acceptable to interrupt and when it may be better to find an alternative strategy . "  We really have to look at ways to try and reduce unnecessary interruptions , " she said . Though this study did not document any negative outcomes associated with interruptions , Westbrook published a paper two weeks ago that found a direct association between interruptions and the number of medication errors made by nurses . "  I think we have to look at interruptions as a potentially dangerous strategy in clinical work environments , " she said . On average , doctors completed tasks that were interrupted once in about half the time they would have taken if they had not been interrupted . That perplexed the authors , who speculated that the interruptions led clinicians to try to compensate for the "  lost " time by working faster and cutting corners . They said there was a strong need to develop processes that minimize unnecessary interruptions and multitasking . "  Our results support the hypothesis that the highly interruptive nature of busy clinical environments may have a negative impact on patient safety , " they said . If their results are confirmed , they added , clinical work processes should be redesigned . Other industries have recognized interruptions as dangerous , including the airline industry , which has developed strategies to reduce interruptions to the flight crew during takeoff and limited unnecessary communications with the cockpit . "  In our society , we get very used to interrupting each other , " Westbrook said . "  Sometimes we need to stop and think about that . " Neither the American College of Emergency Physicians nor the American Academy of Emergency Medicine responded immediately to requests for comment . The study was funded by Australia 's Health Contribution Fund , Health and Medical Research Foundation and National Health and Medical Research Council .	Australian study looks at 40 emergency department doctors for 210 hours Interruptions led doctors to spend less time on the tasks they were working on In nearly a fifth of cases interruptions cause them to give up on the task altogether
CNN  -- The death of Britain 's former prime minister Margaret Thatcher has taken up column inches on front pages around the world . In keeping with the legacy of the "  Iron Lady " , reaction has been split between praise and condemnation , underscoring Thatcher 's global impact -- in life and now in death . Read more : Tributes paid to ` great leader , great Briton ' The English language Buenos Aires Herald said Argentina 's government had been silent on the death of Thatcher , who led Britain into the 1982 war over the Falkland Islands , a territory Argentina claims and refers to as Las Malvinas . Thatcher "  was held responsible for sinking the ARA General Belgrano light cruiser outside the Maritime Exclusion Zone , killing 323 Argentine sailors , " it said . Relatives of Argentinians killed in the war regretted that Thatcher had died before Argentina could file a lawsuit against her in the International Criminal Court at The Hague , it said . Argentine news agency Telem said most Argentinians would remember her for the Belgrano incident , while La Nacion said the few politicians who addressed her death also condemned the ship 's sinking . The Falklands ' Penguin News led with "  Lady Thatcher 's death received with great sadness in Falkland Islands . " It said the Falklands War was "  seen as the defining moment " in her career . In its article on Thatcher 's death , the English-language Santiago Times in Chile recalled the Iron Lady 's support for the country 's former dictator Augusto Pinochet , whose regime it said had supplied Britain with intelligence during the Falklands War . After his arrest , it said , Thatcher praised Pinochet for bringing Chile democracy . "  Thatcher 's staunch support of the dictator -- whose 17-year reign of terror included thousands of deaths and numerous human rights abuses -- was a controversial position for her to take , " the article said . Read more : How ` Lady T ' built transatlantic bridges The Shanghai Daily carried a photo of Thatcher meeting with China 's then leader Deng Xiaoping in 1982 , reminding its readers that Thatcher had signed the 1987 agreement to hand Hong Kong back to China . China 's Global Times praised Thatcher for recognizing that the issue of Hong Kong 's sovereignty was a different from that of the Falklands . It said Thatcher 's "  restoration of the British economy represented one of the last glorious achievements of Great Britain , or even Europe . " Its editorial went on to speculate that Thatcher had been the West 's last "  iron " politician "  partly because the decline in European power means they can not uphold an iron stance . " "  The win-win spirit China brings to international politics is expanding . We have reasons to show respect to this woman that signed the Sino-British Joint Declaration . But at the same time , the world should move on , " its editorial writer declared . The South China Morning Post carried a poll on whether Thatcher signed away Hong Kong too easily . South Africa 's Mail and Guardian reported a "  mixed response " to the death of a woman who believed in engaging with the country 's apartheid regime and who described the ANC as a "  terrorist organization . " Commentator Susan Booysen told the newspaper Thatcher 's opposition to economic sanctions helped "  keep up " the apartheid government . South Africa 's Times said the "  divisive effect " of Thatcher 's foreign policies were still felt in the country . It quoted former foreign minister Pik Botha as saying she had done more to help end apartheid than any of her contemporary leaders , while the ANC highlighted Thatcher 's "  failure to isolate apartheid after it had been described as a crime against humanity ' . " Read more : Twitter reactions The Moscow Times said Thatcher -- an "  outspoken opponent of communism " -- had publicly backed perestroika , the movement led by leader Mikhail Gorbachev to reform the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in the 1980s . A former translator for Gorbachev , Pavel Palazchenko , told the newspaper that Thatcher had "  helped change attitudes " towards Russia . "  Without doubt , she played an instrumental role in ending the Cold War , " it quoted him as saying . In his L.A. Times column , Jonah Goldberg wrote that Thatcher destroyed socialism rather than liberalism -- forcing Labour 's Tony Blair to "  to repudiate the party 's century-long support for doctrinaire socialism and embrace the market " and U.S. Democrat Bill Clinton to follow suit . "  That 's one reason the left still hates her so much -- because she won , at least in her time , " Goldberg concluded . The International Herald Tribune said it could be argued that her military successes had "  made it easier for Mr. Blair to carelessly and recklessly follow George W. Bush into Iraq . " "  But Mrs. Thatcher knew how to stand up to Ronald Reagan when she needed to â $ " for example , over the ill-considered United States invasion of Grenada , " the newspaper said . The Washington Post headlined its editorial : "  Margaret Thatcher : In every sense , a leader . " "  She strengthened Britain 's ties with the United States , bolstered its military , supported the placement of intermediate-range missiles in Europe  an extremely controversial move at the time  and spoke out with undiplomatic boldness when she took offense at some countries ' actions , " it said . The Post speculated that she might have retained the premiership longer if she had been more flexible -- adding "  but then of course she would n't have been Maggie Thatcher . " Read more : Reagan and Thatcher : ` Political soulmates ' French newspaper Le Monde wrote that the 1980s were the years of "  Maggie " , who it said reinvented economic liberalism -- alongside Reagan . Thatcher 's legacy continued with Blair 's "  third way " and Clinton 's policies , it said in its editorial . In Le Figaro , Pierre Rousselin wrote that Thatcher "  never wanted to please everybody . " "  Uncompromising on principles , she hated false consensus policies that solved nothing , " he said . "  France and Europe today may well need leaders of her ilk , " Rousselin added . However , in Germany , Der Spiegel wrapped up editorial comment in the country under the headline " ` Thatcher 's Dogma Paved Way for Financial Crisis ' . " Some newspapers had highlighted her forceful personality while "  some conclude , however , that her policies were too radical , and that Thatcherism no longer offers the answers to the economic problems of today , " David Crossland wrote . In the United Kingdom , the Daily Mail called for a state funeral for "  The woman who saved Britain . " Its headline contrasted with the Daily Mirror 's : "  The woman who divided a nation . " The Mirror 's editorial was headed : "  Margaret Thatcher broke Britain and replaced it with something crueller and nastier . " Read more : Thatcher 's legacy in Europe	Former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher died on Monday , aged 87 During her time in office , the Conservative leader 's policies polarized the UK The "  Iron Lady " privatized state-run industries and did battle with trade unions Britain went to war with Argentina over the Falkland Islands during her premiership
CNN  -- The head of one of America 's biggest animal protection organizations said Thursday that Michael Vick , who served prison time for his role in a deadly dogfighting operation , should have the opportunity to bring a dog home -- in due time . Humane Society of the United States President Wayne Pacelle told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell that the Philadelphia Eagles quarterback should n't get a pet immediately and should have to meet certain milestones whenever he does . But Pacelle , whose group has worked with Vick in public outreach efforts , said that it would be wrong to close the door to his ever having a dog again . "  He 's been going through counseling , he 's been speaking to kids twice a month , and he needs to interact with animals , " said Pacelle . "  If he continues to hit these markers , then if his daughter wants a dog two or three years down the line , ... I 'm saying that we should be open to that possibility . " Under the terms of his conviction , Vick is currently barred from owning an animal . But the Newport News , Virginia , native this week told The Grio , a news website focused on an African-American audience , that he would "  love to have another dog in the future . " "  I think it would be a great step in my rehabilitation process , " Vick said . "  Just to have a pet in my household and show people that I genuinely care ,  to show  my love and my passion for animals , I think , would be outstanding . " Jim Gorant , the author of the book "  The Lost Dogs " about the animals that were killed and those that survived from the ring that Vick belonged to , questions the extent of Vick 's love for animals given his conviction . "  It 's a common thing among dogfighters : In one sentence , they 'll talk about how much they love these dogs , and the next sentence they 'll talk about how they force them to fight , " the author told HLN 's Velez-Mitchell . "  It 's hard to take him at face value ,  given  what he 's done , " added Gorant . "  He was arms deep in this process of abusing and killing these animals . " The NFL indefinitely suspended Vick in August 2007 after he pleaded guilty to a federal charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation in Virginia . Vick left a Kansas prison in May 2009 to serve the last two months of his 23-month sentence in home confinement . The Humane Society , which claims support from 11 million people , bills itself on its website as the country 's "  mainstream force against cruelty , exploitation and neglect " of animals -- including the very kind of dogfighting rings and killings for which Vick was convicted . After being released , Pacelle said that Vick approached the group "  to help ... combat that problem . " The society president defended his group 's partnership with Vick , saying that it has helped spur a new conversation about the reality of dogfighting . Pacelle said that the quarterback has personally talked with thousands of children regarding an issue he first learned about as an adolescent , helping start a dialogue that 's led to animal protection clubs popping up at several inner-city schools . "  What he did is terrible , there 's no question about that , " Pacelle said . "  But this is an issue of protecting animals in the future . And endlessly flogging Michael Vick is not going to save one animal . But putting him to work in communities to save animals and educate people about the problem of dogfighting -- especially with at-risk kids -- is the way to help the problem . " "  Thousands now are being reached , " he added . "  We 've never had a conversation with them before . " Vick 's off-the-field past has done little to diminish his popularity on the field . According to NFL.com , he currently ranks first in fan voting for the 2011 Pro Bowl -- above all other players , at all other positions . Still , Vick has acknowledged publicly that his rehabilitation is not yet complete . And as much as Vick might potentially save some dogs by making the public more aware of fighting rings , Pacelle said that having him interact with dogs should benefit Vick personally . The Humane Society plans for public interactions at first , during which he might even attend "  end dogfighting classes " with others . "  Animals have a healing quality to them , " Pacelle said .	Humane Society President Wayne Pacelle says he 's open to Michael Vick having a dog The star quarterback was sentenced to 23 months for his role in a dogfighting ring The author of a book about Vick 's dogs doubts his sincerity about loving animals Pacelle says Vick would benefit , adding , "  Animals have a healing quality to them "
CNN  -- Now that the Supreme Court has invalidated part of Arizona 's voter registration law , states should be thinking twice before introducing laws to make it harder to cast a ballot . Monday 's decision is indeed a big victory for voters -- but it is also a stark reminder that free , fair and accessible elections in the United States are not as guaranteed as you might think . To fix this , we need to modernize our election system . The Supreme Court took a critical step toward this , confirming Congress ' broad authority to regulate how we conduct federal elections , particularly as politicians in states across the country continue to push new laws that would make it harder for Americans to vote . Dozens of restrictive measures passed in 19 states before the 2012 election . Citizens , the courts , and the Justice Department blocked or weakened most of them , but the push has continued in 2013 . The court 's decision gives federal lawmakers an even stronger basis to provide minimum national standards for voting and bring our election system into the 21st century . The court also made it clear that states may not undermine Congress ' effort to streamline the voter registration process for federal elections . In 1993 , Congress passed the National Voter Registration Act , also known as the "  motor voter " law , to upgrade registration . At the time , it was a terrific advancement for voters . It increased access to registration by providing one simple , uniform application form that could be used to register for federal elections in any state . It entitled all Americans to register to vote by mail and encouraged voter registration drives . It also gave citizens the opportunity to register while applying for a driver 's license and other government services  hence the nickname  . This law has worked remarkably well . Voter registration rates surged after its passage ; almost 16 million Americans register each year using its procedures . But in 2004 , Arizona passed a law that contradicted motor voter . It required voters to provide documentary proof of citizenship when registering . If voters submitted a federal registration without these documents , Arizona rejected their applications . This prevented tens of thousands of citizens from registering , made it difficult for many to register by mail , and dramatically cut back on community-based drives . The court 's decision stops that from happening . It resoundingly affirms what Congress tried to do with motor voter : create minimum national standards and streamline the registration process . But we should n't stop there . Two decades ago , computers were still new to public institutions . Now they 're everywhere and in the palm of our hands . Motor voter was the solution for the 20th century , but it has relied on error-prone paper forms and the mail . It is still ramshackle -- illegible handwriting leads to mistyped names and addresses , for one thing -- and a chief cause of long lines and Election Day chaos . This can jeopardize a person 's right to vote and harm the integrity of our elections . There are better solutions for the 21st century . We need to change the way we think about voter registration and move our system into the digital age . If citizens take the responsibility to register to vote , the government has the responsibility to ensure they can . Existing technology can give citizens the choice to be electronically registered to vote at the same time they do business with a government office , such as when they apply for a driver 's license or state veterans ' benefits . We can also enable citizens to register online and stay registered if they move or change their address . This would add 50 million eligible Americans to the rolls , cost less and curb the potential for fraud . Fortunately , we 've seen movement across the country . Already , most states -- including several this year -- have implemented key reforms . Colorado passed a broad modernization bill , and Virginia and West Virginia instituted online registration . In January , Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia , and Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , introduced the Voter Empowerment Act , which includes modernization at its core . Judging by the long lines last November , we clearly need national voting standards that make voting speedy and efficient . Motor voter does that -- and we are thankful the court agreed -- but it 's not enough . To ensure our elections remain open to all eligible Americans , registration must be brought into the 21st century -- now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wendy Weiser	Wendy Weiser : Supreme Court 's Arizona ruling points up need for voting modernization in U.S. Court said Congress , not states , regulates vote . Motor voter act aimed to make it easier , she says She says registration must move to digital age , replacing paper system , admitting more voters Weiser : Some states already do this . We need national voting standard for election process
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The son of the late Gambino family crime boss John Gotti is set to stand trial in federal court in New York on Monday on murder and racketeering charges that could put him in prison for life if he is convicted . ` Junior ' Gotti 's lawyer , Charles Carnesi , talks with reporters outside the federal courthouse . Three previous racketeering trials against John "  Junior " Gotti , 45 , have ended in mistrials in New York . The government says it has learned since his previous trial , "  that Gotti had participated in three murders , that Gotti had run a multi-million dollar cocaine trafficking network , that Gotti had overseen a systematic effort to tamper with trial juries , grand juries and witnesses , and that Gotti had participated in various other violent crimes , " according to court documents filed by prosecutors . The defense claims the newest round of charges is part of the government 's ongoing quest to convict Gotti . The current case was moved to New York in December from Florida , where the original indictment was handed up . A superseding indictment was filed in the case on August 3 . In the first indictment , Gotti was only charged with violating the federal Racketeer Influenced Corrupt Organizations Act , or RICO . The superseding indictment formally charged Gotti with the drug-related murders of two men -- allegations mentioned as part of the first indictment -- along with the RICO charge . The RICO law is used to target organized crime groups -- in this case , the Gambino crime family . Gotti 's defense attorneys , however , allege in court filings that "  the prosecution has engaged in a ` win at all costs ' campaign riddled with misconduct . " "  The prosecution charges the same conspiracy , albeit with new garnishments , " said one filing from July . "  After having received frustrating results in three separate trials , the case was hijacked to the Middle District of Florida in a shameful attempt to forum shop or judge shop or both . " Federal prosecutors , meanwhile , say in court filings that Gotti 's allegations he is a victim of a government vendetta are unfounded . Since Gotti 's previous trials , prosecutors maintain , they have "  uncovered extensive new evidence of Gotti 's criminal conduct in the course of investigating and prosecuting another Gambino family captain . " The indictment alleges that Gotti was at times an "  associate , soldier , captain and de facto boss " in the Gambino family , and also served on a "  committee of captains " formed in the early 1990s to assist in family administration . "  The principal purpose of the GCF  Gambino crime family  Enterprise was to generate money ... for the GCF Enterprise members , " the indictment says . "  This purpose was implemented , " the indictment continued , "  through various criminal activities , including criminal acts involving the felonious manufacturing , importing , receiving , concealing , buying , selling and otherwise dealing in narcotics and other dangerous drugs , extortion , armed and unarmed robbery , armed home invasions , illegal gambling , extortionate credit transactions , theft and bribery . " To further their activities , family members threatened and caused economic injury , the indictment says , as well as threatening and using physical violence "  ranging from simple assault to murder . " The two murders Gotti is charged with are those of George Grosso , who died in December 1988 in Queens , and Bruce John Gotterup , slain in November 1991 in Queens . The indictment also accuses Gotti in connection with a third murder , that of Louis DiBono in October 1990 in the parking garage of the former World Trade Center , but does not allege that murder was drug-related . Although the murder charges carry a potential death sentence , prosecutors have said they will not seek the death penalty against Gotti . The trial will be the latest chapter in a long legal saga . In late 2006 , a third mistrial was declared in a federal case against Gotti on charges including racketeering and extortion . Prosecutors said they would not retry Gotti , who was accused of ordering attacks on radio talk show host Curtis Sliwa after the Guardian Angels founder criticized Gotti 's father on his program . Sliwa was shot three times but recovered and testified against the younger Gotti . At the time of Gotti 's arrest in August 2008 on the latest charges , his attorney , Charles Carnesi , told reporters he "  was very disappointed to have to go through all this again . " Carnesi continued , "  You can imagine the toll it took on him and his family to have to fight three times in the course of a year , to feel that , OK , perhaps it 's over ... because the government itself came to the conclusion , no more . It 's very disheartening for him to be back here again . " Gotti 's father , John Gotti Sr. , was nicknamed the "  Teflon Don " because prosecutors had trouble making charges against him stick . He died in prison of throat cancer in 2002 .	Junior Gotti , son of late "  Teflon Don , " set to go on trial in federal court Gotti is accused of racketeering , participating in two drug murders Original indictment was filed in Tampa , Florida ; case moved to New York Gotti 's lawyers say case is part of government effort to convict him at any cost
Tokyo  CNN  As the deadline imposed by ISIS approached , the mother of one of two Japanese men held by the militant group begged for her son 's life . "  To all members of ISIS , Kenji -LSB- Goto -RSB- is not the enemy of ISIS . Please release him , " Junko Ishido , Goto 's mother , said in a statement Thursday . "  There is so little time left before the deadline . " ISIS has threatened in a video released Tuesday to kill two Japanese citizens , Goto and Haruna Yukawa , if it does n't receive $ 200 million in ransom from the Japanese government . Time is of the essence : the Japanese government says it estimates ISIS ' ultimatum will expire at 2:50 p.m. Friday , Tokyo time  12:50 a.m. ET Friday  . "  I sincerely apologize to the Japanese government and all concerned foreign countries for all the trouble that my son has caused , " Ishido said . "  I have been just crying for last three days , filled with sadness . Words fail to describe how I feel . Kenji always has been a kind person ever since he was little . He was always saying , ' I want to save the lives of children in war zones . ' " Japanese officials have said they are doing their best to communicate with ISIS , but Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said Thursday that Tokyo had so far heard nothing and does n't know what situation the two hostages are in . In a Thursday news conference , Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said Japan wants to secure the hostages ' safe release but will not yield to the threat of the terrorists . He said Japan was trying to reach the ISIS captors through third parties , such as governments in the region or local tribal leaders , but has not been able to determine whether Goto and Yukawa are safe . "  We are aiming to save them as soon as possible , " Suga said Thursday . The government of Jordan has told Japan it will do as much as possible to try to secure the release of Goto and Yukawa , according to Suga . Jordan , one of the Arab nations taking part in the U.S.-led bombing campaign against ISIS , already has its own challenge to deal with : the militant group last month captured a Jordanian pilot whose plane crashed in Syria . Japanese officials have repeatedly stressed that their military , which is constitutionally forbidden from taking action other than for self-defense , is n't involved in the international airstrikes against ISIS positions in Syria and Iraq . The masked militant speaking in the ISIS video linked the group 's ransom demand to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's recent pledge of $ 200 million in financial aid to countries affected by the militant group . Video raises new questions about ` Jihadi John ' Suga reiterated Thursday that the funds Japan has offered are for humanitarian purposes , like helping refugees , not military purposes . Leading Japanese news organizations have reported , citing unidentified government sources , that Goto 's wife got an e-mail in December from someone demanding $ 8 million to $ 16 million for her husband 's return . The government is trying to confirm if that e-mail came from ISIS , the reports said . If so , it could indicate the militant group is willing to accept a smaller ransom than the $ 200 million it had publicly demanded . But the question is what , if anything , is Japan willing to give . ISIS has a ruthless track record . It has released videos touting the killing of five Western hostages since August . Abe has called ISIS ' ultimatum over the two Japanese men 's lives "  unacceptable " and said the international community should n't give in to terrorists . But he and other government officials have n't explicitly ruled out paying a ransom . Should nations just pay ISIS ransom ? Some details have emerged about what spurred the two Japanese citizens to travel thousands of miles to the bloody Syrian conflict . While they had different professions , the two men knew and talked to each other , said Yukawa 's friend Nobuo Kimoto . Goto , an experienced freelance journalist , made a video in October near the Turkish-Syrian border before he embarked on a perilous journey into ISIS-controlled territory . "  It is my responsibility if something happens , " he explained . Goto , 47 , said he was determined to cover what was happening in the region . "  Syrian people suffering three years and a half . It 's enough , " he said . "  So I would like to get the story of what ISIS wants to do . " Alaaeddin Al Zaim , who had worked with Goto in Syria previously , says he warned him not to enter the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa . "  I tell him it 's not safe for you , " Al Zaim told CNN . But Goto chose to go anyway , saying , "  I am not American , I am not British . I 'm Japanese . I can go , " Al Zaim recalled . Before he left , Goto gave Al Zaim a slip of paper with contact information for friends and his wife , the mother of his young children . After hearing no word from Goto for a week , Al Zaim says called the wife . "  When I called her , she 's a very strong woman , " he said . The aims and activities in Syria of Yukawa , a 42-year-old unemployed widower , are murkier . He originally headed to the war-ravaged country early last year with the aim of gaining combat and survival experience to bolster his plans to set up a private security company , said his friend Kimoto . There , Yukawa met Goto , who gave him insights on how to survive there , Kimoto said . He also introduced him to rebel fighters , who are distinct from ISIS even though both are fighting against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . Some of the rebels talked about their need for ambulances to shuttle the wounded . That plea spurred Yukawa to start raising money for this cause after returning to Japan , according to Kimoto . "  I felt a chill when he said , after returning home ,  that  he felt in Syria he was really living a life , " Kimoto said . "  He seems to have felt satisfaction being there and living together with the locals . " Yukawa went back to Syria in July , a trip that Kimoto said he did n't know about at the time . Kimoto said he had advised his friend to focus on building up his private security company . Yukawa was reportedly captured in August . Opinion : Why countries should think about paying ransoms CNN 's Will Ripley reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki , Greg Botelho , Gul Tuysuz and Junko Ogura contributed to this report . Translator Nana Shibata also contributed .	Mother of hostage sends message to ISIS : "  Please release him " Japan has said it would try to talk to ISIS through third parties about the two hostages ISIS ' deadline for Japan to pay $ 200 million ransom is believed to expire Friday
Listening to the White House , it sounds like an adventure movie -- the secret swapping of detained terror suspects for an ailing American soldier captured in Afghanistan . To Congress , it sounds like the same old same old -- the White House ignoring an obligation to let legislators know about the deal ahead of time . In the aftermath of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's weekend release in exchange for five Taliban figures held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , some in Congress allege President Barack Obama broke the law by failing to inform them about the move 30 days in advance -- as called for under the National Defense Authorization Act . "  The law says they are to give us 30 days ' notice . If the President thought that was unconstitutional or an invalid law , than he should n't have signed the bill , " said Georgia 's Saxby Chambliss , the top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee . "  He knew very well that he was required by law to give us 30 days ' notice and he did n't do it . " Obama told reporters in Poland on Tuesday that the circumstances required an immediate decision within his authority as commander in chief . "  We saw an opportunity " "  We have consulted with Congress for quite some time about the possibility we may have to execute a prisoner exchange , " Obama said of past talks involving Bergdahl . "  We saw an opportunity and we were concerned about his health and had cooperation from the Qataris and we seized that . It was truncated to make sure we did n't miss that opportunity . " The issue touches on flashpoints old and new between the administration and its critics , especially conservative Republicans seeking to depict Obama as a weak leader driven by political concerns for his legacy . Foremost is whether the Obama administration actually broke the law by not telling Congress beforehand about the weekend exchange in which Bergdahl got handed over to U.S. military commandos near the Afghanistan-Pakistan border while the five alleged senior terrorism figures were flown to Qatar . Under the National Defense Authorization Act signed into law by Obama late last year , the administration gained some added flexibility in transferring detainees from Guantanamo Bay , but was required to notify Congress 30 days in advance . However , legislators had no power to block such a transfer . Writing about the law last year , Benjamin Wittes of the Brookings Institution said it put the administration "  in a position to move detainees out of Guantanamo as long as it is willing to be politically accountable for the problems they create and as long as they do n't bring them to the United States . " "  It was lawful , " White House says That is exactly what happened , National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden argued Tuesday in a statement . "  Given the credible reports regarding the risk of grave harm to Sergeant Bergdahl and the rapidly unfolding events surrounding his recovery , it was lawful for the administration to proceed with the transfer notwithstanding the notice requirement " in the NDAA , Hayden said in a statement . CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin disagreed , saying Obama "  clearly broke the law " even if he can provide a legal justification for what he did . The bottom line , to Toobin , was that the law calls for 30 days ' notice and Obama did n't do it . Under the law , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel can authorize such a transfer if he "  determines that actions have or will be taken that substantially mitigate the risk that the individual will engage in activity that threatens the United States or U.S. persons or interests , " or if the transfer "  is in the national security interest of the United States , " Hayden said . In Poland , Obama noted Tuesday that Qatar provided assurances it would monitor the activities of the five Guantanamo detainees , described as senior terrorist figures . Under the terms of the exchange , the five released Taliban figures ca n't leave Qatar for a year . "  We will be keeping eyes on them , " Obama said , noting the possibility existed the freed detainees would continue with terrorist activities but adding "  I would n't be doing it if I thought that it was contrary to American national security . " Even more , he contended , the move adhered to a bedrock U.S. value of protecting its own . "  Regardless of the circumstances , whatever those circumstances may turn out to be , we still get an American soldier back if he 's held in captivity . Period . Full stop , " Obama said . "  We do n't condition that , and that 's what every mom and dad who sees a son or daughter sent over to a war theater should expect from not just their commander in chief but the United States of America . " On the 30-day notification period for Congress , Hayden said the Obama administration determined that such a wait could scuttle the swap and perhaps cost Bergdahl his life . Conflicting responsibilities She provided a legal explanation , saying the Constitution requires Obama as President and commander in chief to protect the lives of Americans abroad and protect U.S. soldiers , responsibilities that in this case conflicted with the 30-day notification period for Congress . "  We believe it is fair to conclude that Congress did not intend that the administration would be barred from taking the action it did in these circumstances , " she wrote . Hayden also noted that in signing the NDAA , Obama said the law "  in certain circumstances would violate constitutional separation of powers principles . " "  The executive branch must have the flexibility , among other things , to act swiftly in conducting negotiations with foreign countries regarding the circumstances of detainee transfers , " Hayden quoted from Obama 's signing statement . Toobin said the signing statement amounts to the President 's opinion "  of what the law should mean , " rather than a legal ruling . "  This is an example of a signing statement where the President is taking power for himself that the law did n't give him , " Toobin said . "  That may be constitutional , but it is still a violation of what the law says . " To Congress , the exchange irritated an already raw nerve over the never-ending power struggle between the White House and legislators , who accuse every administration of trying to run roughshod over congressional authority . Even an Obama ally like Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California told CNN that as the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee , she should have received some advance notice of the swap involving Guantanamo detainees . On Tuesday , Feinstein told reporters that the White House deputy national security adviser , Tony Blinken , called her to apologize for the lack of advance notice . However , it was unclear from Feinstein 's comments if Blinken referred to a courtesy call or the 30-day notification under the law . Meanwhile , both Feinstein and House Speaker John Boehner said the White House encountered opposition from top Democrats and Republicans on congressional intelligence committees when it previously discussed the possibility of exchanging Bergdahl for Guantanamo detainees as far back as 2011 . "  Given the past briefings and concerns we had addressed -- and these were from both committees and the leadership of both committees ; the concerns were bipartisan -- and I strongly believe that we should have been consulted , that the law should have been followed and I very much regret that that was not the case , " Feinstein said . Boehner , an Ohio Republican , also argued that the past discussions meant legislators expected the Obama administration to brief them again before any exchange took place , adding : "  The only reason it did not is because the administration knew it faced serious and sober bipartisan concern and opposition . " However , another veteran Democrat said the administration took all the proper steps under the circumstances . "  We received a detailed classified notification from the Secretary of Defense that satisfies the many substantive certification requirements of the National Defense Authorization Act , " said a statement by Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan , who chairs the Senate Armed Services Committee . Noting that Obama "  put Congress on notice " last December that he intended to act quickly in such cases , "  members of Congress should not be surprised that he acted as he did in the circumstances that existed . " GOP attack strategy Republicans piled on as part of their strategy to tarnish both the Obama and Democratic brands ahead of November 's congressional elections and the 2016 presidential vote . Some GOP committee chairmen in the House already plan for hearings on the legality of the swap , a move backed by Boehner . Chambliss , who is retiring when his current term expires at the end of the year , challenged the administration 's explanation that Berhdahl 's ill health necessitated moving swiftly to complete the weekend exchange . "  There is no indication of that other than what this President said and I do n't believe a thing this President says now , " he said . Veteran GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona took broader aim on Tuesday , telling Fox News that the Bergdahl swap was part of what he called a misguided policy to get all American troops out of Afghanistan by the end of 2016 -- a timetable Obama announced last week . "  The president may be ending the war in Afghanistan , but the Taliban and al Qaeda are not ending the war in Afghanistan , " said McCain , a constant critic of any effort by Obama to limit U.S. military presence abroad . Obama , who defeated McCain in the 2008 presidential election , "  is carrying out a foreign policy of unreliability and weakness " that will cost the nation "  for years to come , " said the senator , himself a former prisoner of war . Toobin said he expected the controversy to remain in the political arena , noting that the courts rarely if ever get involved in power squabble between the executive and legislative branches . "  This just shows that members of Congress , even Democrats , are very jealous of institutional power , " he said , "  and that Congress does n't want to be treated like a doormat , even by a President of the same party . " Obama defends prisoner exchange for Bergdahl Fellow soldiers call Bowe Bergdahl a deserter , not a hero	Democratic Sen. Feinstein says Congress should have been told President Obama defends the swap of terror suspects for Sgt. Bergdahl White House : protecting U.S. citizens and soldiers is a special circumstance GOP critics say Obama violated a law requiring 30 days ' notice for Congress
CNN  -- A black Louisiana teenager at the center of the racially charged "  Jena 6 " case was ordered Thursday to spend 18 months in a juvenile facility , after a judge ruled he had violated his probation for earlier juvenile convictions , a source with knowledge of the court proceedings said . Supporters joined Mychal Bell after he was released from jail last month . Mychal Bell , 17 , who was freed two weeks ago after his adult criminal conviction for beating a white classmate was overturned , was sent to the Renaissance Home for Youth in Alexandria , Louisiana , the source said . The decision came at the end of a two-day juvenile court hearing that was closed to the media and public . Carol Powell-Lexing , one of Bell 's attorneys , said the judge 's decision would be appealed . Bell was freed on $ 45,000 bail on September 27 , after an appeals court threw out his conviction on battery and conspiracy charges in adult court and remanded the case to juvenile court . But Judge J.P. Mauffrey agreed with prosecutors that Bell had violated the probation he was given for four previous juvenile offenses , including two simple battery charges , the sources said . Bell had been placed on probation until he turned 18 . Civil rights activist Al Sharpton , who has championed Bell 's case , denounced Thursday 's decision as "  revenge " by the judge and called on Louisiana Gov. Kathleen Blanco to intervene . Demonstrators in September took to the streets of the small town of Jena to protest how authorities handled the cases of Bell and five other teens accused of beating white student Justin Barker in December 2006 . The incident was a culmination of fights between blacks and whites . Many said they were angry that the students , dubbed the "  Jena 6 , " were being treated more harshly than three white students who hung nooses from an oak tree on Jena High School property . The white students were suspended from school but did not face criminal charges . The protesters said they should have been charged with a hate crime . E-mail to a friend	Source : Judge rules Mychal Bell violated probation for earlier juvenile convictions Bell , 17 , was freed after adult conviction for beating a classmate was overturned Source : Bell now must spend 18 months in a juvenile facility The teen , who is black , is accused of beating a white classmate last December
CNN  -- Some of the strongest support for health care cooperatives ' place in the national effort to reform the nation 's health care system comes from those who experience a co-op 's care every day : doctors and patients . Co-op patient Norman Nistler says he did n't even realize he was a part of a health care co-op . Co-ops are non-profit organizations , so any money that is earned goes back to be used on patients and other costs . Patients also elect a governing board , which is in stark contrast to operations under private health insurance plan . Proponents point to two co-ops as evidence they are an alternative in the health care reform debate : HealthPartners in Minneapolis , Minnesota , and Group Health Cooperative in Seattle , Washington . HealthPartners has been in business for half a century and served more than a million people in Minnesota and Wisconsin . Some decades-long members said they did n't know they were with a co-op . "  I watch a lot of it on television now . There 's a lot of talking about co-ops , but I did n't realize this was a co-op , " said patient Norman Nistler . The co-op was able to save millions , officials note , by switching to generic drugs and cutting tobacco use among its members by double the Minnesota state average because doctors help patients to quit . Darla Andrews , a patient at the co-op , said she and her doctor have easy access to her records . "  It 's all digital , so it works out good for me . It 's more convenient . " Dr. Eric Seaver , who works at Group Health . "  We can communicate with patients through secure e-mail for routine questions or concerns that in the private world physicians often are n't able or wo n't do because there 's just no motivation to do that . There 's no reimbursement . ... Here with Group Health 's model , it 's all about providing patients the care that they need when they need it in a form that works best for them . " Group Health lists Microsoft and Starbucks as organizations that use its system . "  I have great contact with the doctors , " said Group Health member Dave Jacobs . "  I 'm treated like a person , not a number . " "  My care has been absolutely exceptional . And that 's because I believe I 'm going to a private medical facility , dealing with doctors one-on-one and not a bureaucrat , " he said . "  Part of the great value in that structure is that our patients are actively engaged , not just in the organization and governance but actively engaged in finding ways to engage themselves in their care itself , " said Scott Armstrong , president and CEO of Group Health Cooperative . "  We all know that an engaged patient leads to a better health outcome . So much of health care is actually the responsibility of us as individuals . " Aaron Katz , of the University of Washington Health Services , says the group health model could be viable nationally , but only if there are tougher restrictions on insurance companies . The reason co-ops are successful , he says , is because they employ their own doctors , specialists , pharmacies and can reduce the amount of tests and procedures that drive up costs . Seaver says his co-op emphasizes evidence-based medicine and making decisions in patient care based upon "  the best evidence that we have available for what 's effective and what is ineffective . " "  I think what we 're finding in this model is doing the right thing for the patient is the best thing not just for the patient but also for the system as a whole , " he said . "  I feel like I 'm able to practice medicine the way I had envisioned back in medical school . " Working at Group Health "  has been a breath of fresh air for my career , " he said . CNN 's Dana Bash , Ed Hornick , Lesa Jansen , Chris Welch and Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	Co-ops are non-profit organizations where patients elect a governing board HealthPartners and Group Health Cooperative are often cited as successful plans Patient : "  I 'm treated like a person , not a number " Doctor says co-ops let him connect with patients using e-mail
New York  CNN  -- Protesters rallied in downtown New York City Thursday to voice their anger over what they perceive as the roles Wall Street and big banks played in America 's economic crisis . Marching from City Hall to Wall Street , the protesters chanted "  good jobs for all , " and held signs with messages including "  Hold banks accountable , " "  Make Wall Street Pay , " and "  Reclaim America . " The AFL-CIO organized the rally , and union President Richard Trumka addressed the crowd , saying , "  How long will we allow the spirit of greed to continue to drive us into economic holes ? " The National People 's Action , a group that was involved in organizing the protest , said in a news release that demonstrators represented unemployed workers , foreclosure victims and community activists . Protester Gerard Pettine said he just wants Wall Street to be held accountable for its involvement in the economic collapse . "  They need to have some integrity and some honor and do the right thing , " Pettine told CNN . Protester Elizabeth Soto , who came with her brother to the rally , was concerned about the lack of job creation . "  We are here to say Wall Street 's got to help Main Street , " she said . "  We supported the stimulus bill , which bailed out Wall Street , but we expected the jobs to come back to Main Street . " The New York Police Department estimated that 6,000 people participated in the rally . Earlier Thursday , as part of a larger "  day of action " against Wall Street , protesters descended upon the headquarters of two New York City banks -- JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo -- leaving letters for the banks ' chief executive officers . The letters , according to the news release from the National People 's Action , said that the banks have an opportunity "  to step up to the plate and be leaders in rebuilding the American economy . " JP Morgan spokesperson Mike Fusco declined to comment on the letter , but said that there were a "  couple dozen " protesters who were in the building for less than a half hour . Fran Durst of Wells Fargo said that about 100 protesters flooded their building 's lobby and tried to deliver their letter to the bank 's CEO . Durst said the event did n't cause a major disruption to the bank . Other protests were scheduled in San Francisco , California ; Kansas City , Missouri ; and Charlotte , North Carolina , according to the National People 's Action news release . CNN 's Mary Snow , Jennifer Rizzo , Cassie Spodak , and Kristen Hamill contributed to this report .	Thousands of protesters hit streets , demand Wall Street accountability Group blames financial institutions for lingering recession Protesters deliver letters to CEOs for JP Morgan Chase , Wells Fargo
CNN  -- As Chance Bothe , then 21 , was driving home from college last year into the southeast Texas city of Ganado , he was focused more on texting a friend than he was on the road . "  I need to stop before I have a wreck and kill myself " was the message he sent shortly before his truck tumbled down a 20-foot ravine , his father said . Bobby Bothe , 57 , got a call at Dow Chemical , where he works , and thus began what turned into a months-long , multimillion-dollar recuperation for his son . At the hospital , he ran into a friend 's daughter , a nurse . "  I told her , ' I do n't know what to do , ' and she said , ` You pray . ' " He did . His son had suffered a compound broken leg , broken ankles , broken ribs , a punctured lung , a broken sternum , a broken neck , a broken nose , crushed eye sockets , a crushed forehead and a fractured skull , Bothe said . "  They told us he would n't make it , they said he 'd be blind , he 'd never walk again . " After more than three weeks in a coma , Chance Bothe regained consciousness but initially recognized neither of his parents , Bothe said . Bothe knows that many parents of young drivers are not so lucky . That was underscored by three crashes in three days this week in which 15 teenagers were killed . In Illinois , four Chicago-area teenagers died Tuesday morning when their car plunged into a creek . They were students at Wilmington High School , the school superintendent said . In Ohio on Sunday , a sport utility vehicle veered off a two-lane road into a pond , killing six of eight teenage occupants . The vehicle was meant to carry five people . In Texas , an SUV carrying five teenagers collided with a gas tanker Sunday . All five young people were killed , and the tanker driver was seriously injured . The teen driver failed to stop at a stop sign , authorities said . For survivors , recovery can be long . With such severe injuries , Chance Bothe was hospitalized for seven months . Now , the 22-year-old man has plastic eye sockets , metal rods in his legs and a rebuilt nose . "  He 's a little bit slower than he was " but is working on a ranch , attending online classes from home and planning to take his message of survival to high schools around the state , Bobby Bothe said . It 's a message the father supports . "  I do n't want no parent to ever go through this , " he said . "  You got ta know , my son is everything to me . " 6 teens killed , 2 injured when overcrowded SUV flips into pond Teen tragedy : 5 die in fiery collision with tanker truck in Texas Though traffic fatalities have seen a historic drop in recent decades , young drivers remain at highest risk . Motor-vehicle crashes are the top cause of death for people ages 15 to 20 , according to 2007 figures from the National Center for Health Statistics . In 2010 , crashes killed about 2,700 people ages 16 to 19 -- more than seven per day -- and resulted in nearly 282,000 others being treated for injuries , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . And drivers ages 16 to 19 are three times more likely than older drivers to be involved in a fatal crash , the agency says . The weekend crashes in Ohio and Texas fit even higher-risk profiles : -- Both SUVs were packed with other teenagers , which in itself is a risk factor . The more teenage passengers , the more likely a crash will occur . -- None of the six teens who died in the Ohio wreck was wearing a seat belt . In 2011 , 54 % of high school students said they always wore seat belts , the lowest rate of any age group , according to the CDC . -- Failure to focus on the task at hand also may have played a role with the 19-year-old driver in Ohio . "  The lady driving was playing around when she was driving , " said Asher C. Lewis , one of the two survivors of the crash , according to his account in the traffic crash report . "  She was swaying and speeding . I think she was driving on purpose like that but I 'm not sure why . It felt like she was driving like 80 mph . " Teen drivers are more likely than their older counterparts to speed , the CDC says . -- The Texas driver 's age -- 16 -- put him and his passengers at heightened risk . Accidents are more likely to occur during the first few months after a teenager has received a driver 's license . -- The Texas driver was male : In 2010 , the death rate for male drivers and passengers ages 16 to 19 was nearly twice that of females . -- Both wrecks occurred on the weekend : More than half  55 %  of teen deaths from motor-vehicle crashes occur on Friday , Saturday or Sunday , the CDC says . Texas holds a dubious distinction related to crashes . According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , young drivers were involved in 187 fatal crashes in 2010 in the Lone Star State ; the next highest number was 113 , in Florida . Ohio had 71 . Still , the trend for younger drivers -- as with drivers overall -- is toward safety . The 1,963 drivers ages 15 to 20 who died in motor-vehicle crashes in 2010 represented a 46 % drop from the 3,617 who died in 2001 , according to NHTSA . There are proven ways to limit the carnage , according to the CDC . It cites graduated driver licensing systems in which teens ' abilities to drive are expanded over time from the initial stages , when driving is restricted to low-risk conditions . Some parents are equipping their vehicles with tracking technology , which they can use to monitor their children 's driving habits in real time . "  Parents are very nervous , " Ken Muth , a spokesman for American Family Insurance , said in a telephone interview . "  Our agents hear it every day . Putting a 16-year-old behind the wheel on their own is a very frightening thing for a parent . " The company offers parents the option of installing a webcam on the rear-view mirror of the car used by new drivers . The camera records what happens inside and outside the vehicle but saves the recording only when it senses a sudden movement such as hard braking or a sharp turn , Muth said . The video is provided to the parents on a secure website , the equivalent of a driving report card for their kids , he said . "  They can sit and review what happened in that incident and use it as a learning tool , " said Muth . He noted that the service is free for a year , and the insurance company is not privy to the information collected . Muth credited the program for reducing risky driving behavior and said teens tend to embrace the technology after using it . "  They develop trust with their parents , become better drivers and get more driving privileges . " Chris Mullen , director of technology research at State Farm , noted that the insurer set up a website last fall to aid beginning drivers and their parents . One of its programs -- Road Aware -- helps drivers learn to recognize and anticipate road hazards in front of a video screen rather than on the road . "  This is not a skill that 's automatic , " Mullen said in a telephone interview . "  It has to be learned . " Forty-three percent of teen driver crashes are due to a failure to recognize hazards , she said . In another example of help from technology , a teenager can activate an app on his or her cellular phone and then put it in their vehicle 's cupholder , where it will score the driver 's abilities based on acceleration , cornering and braking , she said . "  It gives you feedback on the drive you just took and allows you to score it , " she said . Chance Bothe 's near-fatal texting is common , according to CDC statistics . In 2009 , distracted driving was linked to more than 5,400 deaths and about 448,000 injuries . Cell phone use was cited as the major distraction in nearly 1,000 of the deaths and 24,000 injuries . Nine percent of U.S. drivers said they texted or e-mailed "  regularly or fairly often " while driving . Not all of those messages may be worth sending . "  It was just a curve coming into town , " Bobby Bothe said . "  And he never curved . Just kept going straight . If the creek would have had water in it , he would have drowned . "  Three of my buddies seen it happen ; they went to him and they drug him out of the truck and the truck was on fire and it blew up as soon as they got him out , " he said .	"  I need to stop before I have a wreck , " Texas man , 21 , texted shortly before a serious wreck Traffic fatalities have dropped , but young drivers remain at highest risk , studies show Distracted driving -- including texting -- is more common , CDC says
Washington  CNN  -- Depending on whom you ask , Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid 's decision to scuttle a controversial assault weapons ban proposal from a broader Democrat-backed gun control package is either shrewd strategy or political cowardice . There 's a little bit of truth in both perspectives , gun policy advocates say . "  It 's not surprising what Sen. Reid did , " said Daniel Webster , director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research . The Nevada lawmaker decided not to include the proposed assault weapons ban in gun legislation going to the full Senate for consideration because including it would guarantee the measure would be blocked by a Republican filibuster . "  I think there 's justification for such a ban but politically it hits right in the area where we have the biggest divide , " Webster said . Senate leader says new weapons ban wo n't pass The ban on semi-automatic firearms modeled after military assault weapons is proposed by Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , and fiercely opposed by the National Rifle Association , Republicans and some Democrats . The ban would get fewer than 40 votes , Reid said , far below the threshold needed to defeat a filibuster or pass the Senate . The proposal to update a similar 1994 ban that expired a decade later was one of four measures passed by the Senate Judiciary Committee in response to the Connecticut school massacre in December . Instead , Feinstein could propose the ban as an amendment to gun legislation on the Senate floor in order to get a vote on it , Reid said . The other proposals that are part of the gun control package would expand background checks , toughen laws against gun trafficking and straw purchases and design steps to improve school safety . Lawmakers seem prepared to tackle gun control : ` This one feels different ' But it 's the assault weapons ban that draws some of the most intense emotion in the wake of last year 's deadly mass shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School and an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater . Congressional hearings have been filled with tearful testimony , poignant photographs and fiery rhetoric . They are the type of raw displays likely to spook lawmakers wary of losing votes and tank gun control reform efforts , political experts say . "  In thinking about what is politically doable , for people who are more in the middle it 's hardest to do anything that could characterize a politician as casting an anti-gun vote , " Webster said . Will states go where Congress has n't on gun laws ? The proposed assault weapons ban enjoys high profile support from the White House , families of victims of some of the nation 's most deadly shootings and celebrities like filmmaker and progressive activist Michael Moore . Gun rights advocates such as the National Rifle Association , the nation 's most powerful gun lobby , have stridently criticized the proposal . NRA President David Keene characterized the measure as a "  feel-good proposal " doomed to fail . Moore , whose documentary "  Bowling for Columbine , " explored the nation 's gun violence epidemic , had similarly blunt words about Reid , calling him a "  weenie " during an interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan on Tuesday and suggested viewers send the senator critical e-mails . "  If a man with an assault weapon goes into the school where Harry Reid 's grandchildren go to school tomorrow and kills his grandchildren , would he stand in front of that microphone at 5 o'clock and say , ' I know how Dianne  Feinstein  , you know , had to witness the mayor getting murdered and my grandchildren just got killed today , but you know , we ca n't get it passed because we just do n't have the votes , ' " Moore said during the interview . Reid has found himself in a delicate position as he tries to navigate the desires of many members of his pro-gun rights Nevada constituency and the White House and members of his caucus ' intensified push on gun control . As Senate majority leader , Reid has great influence to speed or slow the consideration of legislation on Capitol Hill . Reid introduces gun violence bill The nation 's top Democrat in Congress has faced scrutiny in recent months for his close ties with the NRA . Reid twice opposed the assault weapons ban , in 1992 and 2004 , has a B rating by the NRA for his pro-gun rights voting record and since 2008 has received just shy of $ 8,450 from several gun lobbies , according to an analysis of campaign contributions from the Center for Responsive Politics . The NRA has also previously supported Reid in his primary races . Reid slipped a provision into the 2010 national health care law that restricts the government from collecting data on gun ownership , as reported by CNN 's National Political Correspondent Jim Acosta . "  He 's under incredible pressure right now because he 's got , as any member of Congress or senator does , he 's got his own beliefs . He 's got the views and the demands of his constituents on the one hand and the pressure he faces from party leaders and his president on the other , " Keene told journalists at a Christian Science Monitor-sponsored breakfast in January . "  So where Harry Reid ends up in this debate is anybody 's guess and I think that 's one of the guessing games that 's going on around Washington now . " Call to arms for a ` common sense ' gun law Voters on both sides of the issue are now getting a much clearer picture of where Reid stands and will soon have a better sense of how their own lawmakers measure up , said Richard Feldman , who served as regional political director for the NRA during its rise to power in the 1980s and is president of a gun rights group , the Independent Firearm Owners Association . Allowing Feinstein 's assault weapons ban to stand on its own as a separate amendment "  is going to work out to his benefit , " Feldman said of Reid 's choice . "  Having that straight up or down vote will be the most useful vote that gun rights activists and the other side will have to show this is someone who supports you and someone who opposes you . " Obama remains committed to assault weapons ban , White House says Feldman also suggests keeping an eye on which lawmakers offer amendments to strip out portions of the broader gun control bill and the roll call votes on those amendments as well . In the meantime , some gun control advocates are urging cooler heads as the nation awaits votes on the highly anticipated package of gun-related bills . "  Everybody needs to take a deep breath , " said Ladd Everitt , a spokesman for the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence adding that he feels Reid rightly calculated how to get the broader gun control measure the best chance at success . "  I 'd rather not fall on my sword , " Everitt said . "  I 'd rather have a smart package so we can get it to the floor . " CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid pulls assault weapons ban from Dem gun control package Many supporters of ban decriy move ; opponents see confirmation of a proposal doomed to fail Reid , supported in past by NRA , may be thinking politically of broader bill 's possible passage Upcoming votes on gun control package will show where lawmakers stand on the issue
Johannesburg  CNN  -- South Africa 's president fired two ministers and suspended his chief of police Monday after they were implicated in the misuse of millions of dollars of public funds . The actions by President Jacob Zuma against ministers Sicelo Shiceka and Gwen Mahlangu-Nkabinde , and chief of police Bheki Cele come after instances of misappropriation cited in a report released this month by South Africa 's Public Protector 's office . The report found that Shiceka , the minister of cooperative governance , spent tens of thousands of dollars on a luxury trip to Switzerland "  to visit a jailed lady friend , " and found that Cele and Mahlangu-Nkabinde "  irregularly authorized lease agreements for the procurement of police offices worth millions of dollars . " Shiceka spent more than $ 9,000 of government money on luxury travel , according to the report , including a trip to Switzerland that he told Zuma was related to the FIFA 2010 World Cup , which South Africa was hosting , when in fact its "  only aim " was to visit a friend of Shiceka 's at the Anstalten Hindelbank prison in Bern , "  which he did on two occasions , " the public protector 's report reads . In Monday 's news conference in Pretoria , Zuma said he had established a board of inquiry to look into allegations of misconduct against Cele "  in relation to the procurement of office accommodation for the South African Police Service , as per the findings and recommendations of the Public Protector . " South Africa 's previous police chief , Jackie Selebi , was convicted of corruption last year . Zuma also formally announced a commission of inquiry which will investigate the country 's multimillion-dollar arms procurement contract , from which the president himself has been accused of corruptly benefiting . Corruption charges against Zuma were dropped in 2009 after prosecutors determined that the investigation was politically motivated . The Congress of South African Trade Unions praised Zuma 's announcement , saying it hoped the actions mark "  a turning point in the fight against maladministration and corruption . " "  From now on there must be a policy of zero-tolerance to the looting of public resources by anyone , in the public or private sector , no matter how senior their position , " the trade union organization said . This is the second shakeup in Zuma 's cabinet since he took office in 2009 . He has been widely criticized in South Africa for indecisiveness and lacking authority , and he is expected to be challenged next year when his African National Congress holds an elective conference . This week , the ruling party 's youth league is embarking on mass protest action against poverty and joblessness in the country .	President Jacob Zuma dismisses two Cabinet ministers , suspends police chief Luxury trip , shady deals on police offices among alleged misues of public funds Zuma also to launch inquiry into contentious arms procurement contract Challenge likely lies ahead for Zuma during ruling party 's elective conference
CNN  -- Imagine sitting at your desk at work and overhearing a co-worker sharing the good news about his or her latest raise , bumping his or her salary to $ 50,000 . You have worked at the company five years longer , in the same position and your salary is $ 5,000 lower . On top of that , your sales have always been higher than those of your co-worker . Given the questionable history of some of the company 's practices , you suspect that discrimination may be at the root of the pay discrepancy . You get together with your closest friends at the company , all share their salaries and decide that a pattern of pay discrimination based on gender may indeed be evident . The next week , you are fired because your boss found out that you were discussing your pay with your co-workers . Think your employer ca n't lawfully do that ? You 're wrong . This prohibition of talking about pay keeps discrimination secret and is an effective way to keep women and minorities from discovering they are being paid less than white male colleagues who work the same jobs . That will change if the U.S. Senate passes the Paycheck Fairness Act , expected to come to a procedural cloture vote on Tuesday . The Paycheck Fairness Act would prohibit employers from retaliating against employees who discuss their pay with co-workers . It would also close loopholes in the existing Equal Pay Act that deny victims of sex discrimination the same legal remedies as victims of discrimination based on race or ethnicity . To illustrate , returning to the scenario above , you later learn that two of your former co-workers still at the company are going to sue the company for pay discrimination . Although the company engaged in pay discrimination based on gender and race , your female co-workers can not sue to recover the more lucrative compensatory and punitive damages , like people who sue over discrimination based on race or ethnic basis can . The Paycheck Fairness Act would ensure that victims of sex discrimination have the same legal remedies available to them as victims of racial or ethnic discrimination . Think we do n't need the Paycheck Fairness Act because sex discrimination is a thing of the past ? Just tell that to the women at Walmart who have been fighting the retail giant for more than a decade , with evidence of widespread sex discrimination in pay and promotion . The Paycheck Fairness Act would help prevent employers from paying women less for no other reason than because they are women . The pay gap is especially detrimental to low-income families and families of color who are more likely to rely on women 's earnings to make ends meet or as the sole source of income . Women make on average 77 cents for every dollar men make . The wage gap is even greater for women of color . Black women earn 69.5 cents and Hispanic women 60.5 cents for every dollar earned by their white male counterparts . The average 77-cent pay gap results in a difference of almost $ 11,000 per year . This extra money could almost cover the average housing costs in 2010 , such as rent or mortgage and property tax , of $ 11,223 , or could completely pay for the average annual combined cost of utilities , food , transportation and broadband Internet access of $ 10,360 . What family would n't benefit from this additional money each year ? Over a lifetime , the lost income is staggering , estimated at between $ 400,000 to $ 2 million per woman . The Senate failed to pass this bill last year , coming two votes short . Do n't let this happen again . It 's time to put an end to loopholes that make it easy for employers to engage in discrimination that hurts women and families . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Mariko Chang .	Paycheck Fairness Act would keep employers from firing employees for discussing pay Mariko Chang : Secrecy keeps people from discovering they are paid less than others Act would prevent employers from paying women less just based on gender , she says Chang : The act would close loopholes that make it easy for employers to discriminate
CNN  -- Yep . You read the headline right . We are so used to the constant flow of bad news from much of the Muslim world that it 's hard to get your head around the good news when things go right somewhere like Afghanistan . Consider that the Afghans have done exactly what the feckless and irresponsible Iraqi government failed to do during the past several years . On Monday Afghans formed a "  national unity government " with the once-bitter rivals Dr. Ashraf Ghani , taking the role of president and Dr. Adullah Abdullah taking the role of chief executive officer ; similar , it is envisioned , to a prime ministerial role . What makes this all the more important is that Ghani is identified with the Pashtuns , the largest ethnic group in Afghanistan , while Abdullah is identified with the sizable Tajik ethnic group . This is precisely the opposite of what the government of Nuri al-Maliki did in Iraq , which ruled as a Shia chauvinist party and excluded Sunnis from positions of any power or influence . Tuesday , the day after Ghani and Abdullah were inaugurated , they signed the Bilateral Security Agreement , which allows 9,800 American troops to remain in Afghanistan after NATO combat operations cease at the end of December . Again , this is exactly the opposite of what happened in Iraq where the Iraqis would not sign a similar basing agreement with the United States . As a result , almost all American troops left the country in December 2011 . The result of Maliki 's decision to exclude the Sunnis from any form of power meant that many Sunnis passively or actively supported ISIS , which is now almost at the gates of Baghdad . And , largely as a result of the rise of ISIS , between June and September , 5,500 Iraqi civilians were killed , according to the UN . By contrast , 3,000 civilians were killed in the Afghan War in 2013 . Afghanistan and Iraq have roughly the same size populations , which therefore makes Iraq today about eight times more violent than Afghanistan . The signing of the Bilateral Security Agreement  BSA  is important not only because it allows thousands of American soldiers to remain in Afghanistan as well as a smaller number of troops from other NATO countries , but also because it will restore the confidence of the business community in Afghanistan . Former Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's stubborn refusal to sign the BSA for many months had contributed to an atmosphere of uncertainty in the country , which had damaged the Afghan economy significantly . That will change now . What would make the situation in Afghanistan change even more for the better is if the leading contenders in the American presidential race added into their platforms a pledge to extend the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan past December 2016 . President Obama 's decision to pull out all American troops from Afghanistan two years from now does not bind whoever wins the 2016 presidential campaign . After all , at considerable U.S. and Afghan government effort , a Strategic Partnership Agreement has already been negotiated between the two countries that runs until at least 2024 and that would easily provide the basis for a longer term troop commitment . Many Afghans wants some kind of long-term American military presence in their country as a guarantor of their stability . They only need to look at the carnage in Iraq to remind themselves that the model they want to emulate is South Korea with its decades-long U.S. military presence , not Iraq . At the end of the Korean war in 1953 South Korea was one of the poorest countries in the world ; now , under an American security umbrella , it is one of the richest . And the appearance of ISIS-like Taliban militias in Afghanistan over the past week who have beheaded 15 Afghan civilians is a reminder to Afghan and Americans and alike that they have a long-term strategic interest in preventing Afghanistan from becoming a safe haven for terrorists again .	Amid all the bad news , there 's a sign of progress in Afghanistan , says Peter Bergen Bergen : A national unity government has agreed to a continuing U.S. presence He says Afghan leaders are making calls opposite to what Iraq 's al-Maliki did Bergen : Afghanistan 's economy could benefit from signs of greater stability
LONDON , England -- Extra-time goals from Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba gave Chelsea a 3-2 victory over Liverpool to send the London side into a Champions League final showdown against English Premier League rivals Manchester United , 4-3 on aggregate . Didier Drogba  right  and Frank Lampard both found the net as Chelsea secured their final place in Moscow . Lampard , playing his first game since the death of his mother last week , coolly slotted home a 98th-minute penalty and Drogba , who had opened the scoring in the first-half , sent Chelsea to the final in Moscow on May 21 with a timely second goal . Fernando Torres had given Liverpool hope with a second-half equaliser but they failed to finish the job and Chelsea made them pay in a pulsating extra period which also saw Ryan Babel grab a late consolation goal for the visitors . Drogba , who Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez had accused of being a ` diver ' prior to the match , looked like a man on a mission to ram the Spaniards words down his throat . The Ivory Coast striker forced Jose Reina to turn his skidding 15-meter effort around the post in the fifth minute . Four minutes later , Liverpool put together their only meaningful move of the opening half when a quick Steven Gerrard pass put Fernando Torres in behind the Chelsea defense . However , the Spanish striker 's first touch was not deft enough and although he bore down on Petr Cech , the Chelsea goalkeeper did well to close down his space and options . The wet conditions hampered both sides but it was Chelsea who mastered them quicker . In the 18th minute , Lampard despatched a delightful pass into the path of Drogba but the striker was a meter wide with his shot . Chelsea were in the ascendancy and their supremacy was underlined by Michael Essien 's 20-meter effort which had to be collected by Reina at the foot of his right-hand post . Liverpool were struggling to keep pace with the home side and their worries increased when central defender Martin Skrtel was forced off with a knee injury in the 21st minute to be replaced by Sami Hyypia . Reina was forced to punch clear a long-range effort from Ballack but the goal Chelsea had threatened for most of the half arrived in style in the 33rd minute . The architect was England midfielder Lampard . He cleverly split the Liverpool defense to give Salomon Kalou the chance to run on and fire a shot that Reina could only palm into the path of the onrushing Drogba . The Ivorian does not miss such gifts and he sent a low drive fizzing into the net at the near post to give London side a 2-1 aggregate lead . Drogba , clearly hurt by Benitez 's criticism of his ` diving ' , then ran the length of the half to celebrate his goal in front of the Liverpool manager . Chelsea 's domination almost brought them a second four minutes before the interval but Michael Ballack 's measured free-kick veered just the wrong side of the post . Dirk Kuyt almost hauled Liverpool back into the tie three minutes after the restart but his shot met the outstretched leg of Cech before Ashley Cole cleared . After Lampard 's 53rd-minute volley was well held by Reina , Liverpool finally broke their goalscoring hoodoo when Yossi Benayoun carved out a chance for Torres . The Spaniard collected the ball in his stride just inside the penalty area before sliding it beyond the exposed Cech to make it 2-2 on aggregate -- the 64th-minute effort was Liverpool 's first at Stamford Bridge in nine games under Benitez . Both sides sought a winner -- but the 90 minutes ended all-square and the contest went into extra-time . Liverpool almost snatched the lead within minutes of the restart but Hyypia 's header fell wide of the post with Cech beaten . Chelsea then thought they had done enough when Essien sent a 15-meter effort into the net -- but it was rightly disallowed for offside . However , in the 98th minute , Ballack was brought down by Hyypia inside the box and referee Roberto Rosetti pointed to the spot . Lampard kept his composure to send Reina the wrong way and was in tears as he celebrated with his teammates near the corner flag . Worse was to come for Liverpool when substitute Nicolas Anelka got free on the right and pulled the ball back for Drogba to fire under Reina . An error from Cech gifted Babel a late goal from longe range but Chelsea held on to reach their first ever Champions League final . "  This is something amazing . I am really pleased for the club because we have been looking for this final for too long , " said Drogba , who admitted that he was "  disappointed " by Benitez 's pre-match comments . "  Benitez is a fantastic coach and I was a bit disappointed but I think he felt his team was not strong enough and Chelsea were going to beat them . "  I am just happy for my team and I do n't want to think about others . It 's not good for my image . I 'm giving my best to put my team at the top and I think it 's not fair but it 's finished now . " Benitez believed his side were in control when they handed Chelsea the initiative in extra-time . The Spaniard said : "  I thought we were very close . We played well in the second half but the third goal killed it . We had control of the game but missd two chances in extra-time . " Benitez insisted he did not regret his criticism of Drogba , saying : "  I do n't think so , when you play a semifinal in the Champions League I do n't think you think about anything other than that . " Chelsea manager Avram Grant admitted he was proud to have succeeded in beating Benitez 's Liverpool in the Champions League last four -- something his predecessor Jose Mourinho failed to manage . "  There is only one special one , " he joked . "  But this was special against Liverpool . They are a fantastic team and Rafa played it tactically well . "  You need to be clever against him but we did it . We have created history and I am very proud we did it my way -- but I do n't like to say ` I ' because owner Roman Abramovich created this club . Grant , who has guided his team to a strong end-of-season charge on two fronts , also praised Lampard 's efforts in trying times . "  Frank played very well and in my opinion was one of our key players today . It is not an easy thing . He gave everything to the team , " added Grant . E-mail to a friend	Chelsea beat Liverpool 3-2 to reach Champions League final 4-3 on aggregate Didier Drogba scores twice and an emotional Frank Lampard is also on target Chelsea to face title rivals Manchester United in an all-English final in Moscow
CNN  -- There is optimism , and hope , that the Egyptian-brokered three-day "  humanitarian cease-fire " between the Israel Defense Forces and Hamas will turn into a longer-term cessation of hostilities -- with good reason . Why ? Militarily speaking , Hamas is on the ropes . Although the group has survived an IDF aerial , naval and ground onslaught , it has suffered a severe blow . Despite its somewhat successful attempts to portray itself and all Gaza as victims of a disproportionate Israeli military campaign , in the end it failed to prevent the IDF from achieving almost all its military goals , while achieving very little on its part . The Israelis stated early on in the campaign that their objectives were to find and destroy Hamas ' networks of tunnels constructed under the Gaza border with Israel , tunnels designed to be used for offensive attacks on Israeli cities and kibbutzim in southern Israel . At the outset of hostilities , the IDF believed there were over 20 tunnels . At the end of the fighting , they had destroyed 32 tunnels , some almost 2 miles in length and demonstrating surprising engineering capabilities . Granted , it is impossible to know if the IDF has found all the tunnels . Opinion : Bring Hamas to the table Let 's look at the situation as it appeared on the day after the last rockets were fired , the last bombs were dropped and the last tunnels were destroyed . Hamas has lost most if not all its offensive tunnels . These tunnels were constructed over several years at great expense , not only in terms of resources expended , but in terms of diversion of those resources from the construction of infrastructure projects , including schools , hospitals , mosques and housing . As for casualties , the overwhelming numbers of dead and wounded were Palestinians . The death toll among the Gazans reached almost 1,900 , according to the Palestinian Center for Human Rights . There are differing claims by human rights organizations and the Israeli government about how many of the dead were Hamas fighters versus innocent civilians . The human rights groups say 80 % of the dead were civilians , while the Israelis counter with a figure of just under 50 % . Assuming the human rights groups are correct , Hamas has lost fewer than 400 fighters ; if we are to accept the Israeli figure , Hamas losses would be over 900 . Given its suspected strength of more than 10,000 fighters , Hamas can absorb this level of manpower losses . If past conflicts are a guide , Hamas recruitment will soar in the wake of the fighting as young men are drawn to the organization that , at least in their own minds , successfully stood up to the vaunted Israel Defense Forces . Personnel losses will not affect the ability of Hamas to survive . That said , in addition to the loss of the tunnels , much of Hamas ' rocket inventory has been depleted or destroyed . According to a spokesman for the Israeli military , Hamas started the conflict with an arsenal of about 10,000 rockets . One-third of those were fired at Israel , albeit with limited effect , and another third were destroyed in Israeli strikes . If those figures are accurate , that leaves Hamas with over 3,000 rockets . The numbers can be deceiving , since we do not have a breakdown of how many of which type remain in the inventory -- do they have a large number of the more capable Syrian-made M-302  100 mile range  or locally made M-75  50 mile range  rockets , or more of the less capable , locally made short-range al-Qassam rockets ? In any case , Hamas still has thousands of rockets . However , of the thousands of rockets fired by Hamas  as well as some launched by Palestinian Islamic Jihad  at Israel , few caused significant damage . There have been three civilian deaths in Israel thus far in the conflict . The primary reason for the low number of deaths and injuries in Israel , aside from the inherent inaccuracy of the rockets , is the effectiveness of Israel 's Iron Dome anti-rocket/missile system . After similar conflicts in the past , Hamas has been re-armed and resupplied by its supporters , primarily Iran and to some extent Syria . The most efficient method for the re-arming and resupply effort has been via the large number of smuggling tunnels between Gaza and Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula . That is not likely to be the case this time -- another blow to Hamas , which it must factor in to its assessment of this conflict as well as its future planning . The new government in Egypt under former defense chief Abdel Fattah al-Sisi is not a friend of Hamas . Al-Sisi considers Hamas to be nothing more than a branch of the Muslim Brotherhood , which he has outlawed in Egypt . He has increased the Egyptian military and police presence on the Gaza border and destroyed many of the smuggling tunnels formerly used to import weapons into Gaza . Hamas can not expect to be fully re-armed and resupplied via Sinai as it has in the past . This conflict ended , at least for a while , as most of the past wars have . Israel dominated the battlefield , possessing complete control of the air and sea , and took the ground fighting deep into Gaza , Hamas ' home turf . The much more powerful Israeli armed forces did enormous damage to the public and civilian infrastructure while mostly achieving its military objectives . I said earlier in this conflict that Israel would pursue its objectives despite the inevitable world condemnation of its so-called disproportionate use of military force , and would stop its operations when it had achieved those objectives . We appear to be at that point . There has been far too much loss of life in Gaza . It is time to stop the fighting and seek a solution to this current crisis and establish a framework for a long-term solution . We have a chance to do just that . In this particular instance , the catalyst for that search may just be the serious military defeat suffered by Hamas . Fearing daughter 's Gaza border wedding Palestinian-American : ` Living in occupation felt normal ' Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rick Francona : 72-hour cease-fire may prove to be end of this round of Gaza confrontation He says Israel achieved its objectives militarily by destroying tunnels , rockets Hamas can survive loss of manpower ; it still has thousands of rockets , but it 's weakened Francona : Too many died ; this should be a chance to find a long-term peace
CNN Student News  -- February 22 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day What methods can news media use to convey the enormity or severity of an event to the audience ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Who qualified for the pole position at this weekend 's Daytona 500 ? * * 2 . A 10,000-ton meteor exploded over what country , damaging thousands of buildings ? * * 3 . What U.S. capital city is considering a ban on plastic bags ? * * 4 . The 1963 March on Washington culminated with a rally at what U.S. landmark ? * * 5 . Authorities believe a natural gas leak may have contributed to an explosion and fire at a restaurant in what U.S. city ? * * 6 . Which U.S. economic indicator reached its highest point in five years on Tuesday ? * * 7 . Which amendment to the U.S. Constitution discusses the right to bear arms ? * * 8 . What is the name of the natural gas used in many homes and businesses ? * * 9 . Some packages in Europe that were labeled as beef were discovered to contain meat from what type of animal ? * * 10 . In addition to hydrogen , what chemical element makes up polyethylene ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- They grow up so fast . It seems like only yesterday Tyler Posey was a child actor playing Jennifer 's Lopez 's son in the 2002 film "  Maid in Manhattan . " On Sunday night he reunited with his former co-star at the Teen Choice Awards . The "  Teen Wolf " star co-hosted the awards show and ran onstage just as Lopez was about to present an award . "  I know we have n't seen each other since ` Maid In Manhattan ' forever ago , but I thought that if you needed a backup dancer , I 'd fit , " Posey said before breaking into some dance moves . "  If I say yes , will you stop ? " Lopez replied . Clearly Posey should stick to acting . Since being cast as Lopez 's son , Posey has worked steadily . He is best known for his role in MTV 's hit series based on the 1985 "  Teen Wolf " film that starred Michael J. Fox . In 2013 , Posey appeared in "  Scary Movie 5 , " and he will next be seen in the comedy "  Taco Shop , " according to Internet Movie Database .	Tyler Posey reunites with Jennifer Lopez The pair starred in 2002 film "  Maid in Manhattan " Posey dances for Lopez at the Teen Choice Awards
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Thirteen flag-draped coffins left Fort Hood on Friday as authorities searched for a motive in the massacre that left more than 50 casualties at the largest U.S. military base . Thursday 's mass shooting killed 12 soldiers and one civilian and wounded 38 people at the Fort Hood Army Post in Texas . The suspect in the shooting , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , a licensed Army psychiatrist , was among the two dozen who remained hospitalized Friday night . Hasan was transported to Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas , and was in critical condition but stable , a spokesman said . Investigators were waiting to speak to the comatose Hasan , who is under heavy guard , said Col. John Rossi , the post 's deputy commander . The bodies of the 13 personnel who died were transported through a "  ramp ceremony " to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware for a dignified transfer , he said . It was a "  truly moving ceremony . " FBI agents helping investigate the shootings searched Hasan 's apartment on Friday while investigators sifted through the crime scene , Fort Hood 's military processing center , where soldiers report before they go to war . Are you there ? Share your stories , photos and videos Hasan , who worked at a hospital on the base , is accused of using two handguns in the shooting . Two law enforcement sources told CNN that one of the weapons used is an FN 5.7-millimeter pistol , a semiautomatic purchased legally at Guns Galore , a Killeen gun shop . Details on the other gun , identified only as a type of revolver , were not immediately available . Rossi told reporters late Friday that both guns were privately owned and never registered at the post . Earlier , officials said investigators were looking into whether some soldiers may have been shot accidentally by others trying to shoot the gunman . However , Rossi said , "  All indications are that this is not a friendly fire incident . And , of course , that will be validated when the investigation is complete . " Rossi attributed the high casualty rate to the "  more than 100 rounds " fired by the gunman and the relatively small size of the room , among other factors . Fort Hood Police Sgt. Kimberly Munley , who has been credited with shooting Hasan and ending the massacre , was among the wounded . She was in stable condition Friday night , according to her family and military officials . Munley 's partner , Senior Sgt. Mark Todd , was also lauded for "  engaging " the shooter , Rossi said . Todd , in an interview Friday night with CNN 's Anderson Cooper , described the intense scene as both officers fired shots at the accused gunman . "  He looked like he was calm . He was just pointing a finger at me , " Todd said . "  The weapon ... I just know I saw the weapon and that 's when we returned fire . " Todd , a retired member of the military police , offered his condolences to the families of the victims . "  I wish we could 've gotten there sooner and helped out a lot sooner -- but we got there as soon as we possibly could . " Texas Gov. Rick Perry was scheduled to visit hospitalized victims of the shooting Saturday . As the Fort Hood community grieved its numerous losses , holding a candlelight vigil and setting up support lines , some details about the alleged gunman emerged . Relatives say Hasan , a U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , was a "  calm " individual who had been taunted after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Others described him as a vocal opponent to the war on terror whose rhetoric concerned colleagues . Fort Hood 's commanding general said witnesses have reported that the gunman yelled "  Allahu Akbar , " Arabic for "  God is great , " during the rampage . However , Lt. Gen. Robert Cone said investigators had not confirmed that . Hasan 's neighbors at his Killeen , Texas , apartment complex said he cleaned out his place just hours before the rampage and gave copies of the Quran to several residents . President Obama , in remarks Friday morning , cautioned against "  jumping to conclusions " about what had triggered "  one of the worst mass shootings ever to take place on an American military base . " He ordered that flags at the White House and other federal buildings be flown at half staff until Veterans Day , Wednesday of next week . "  This is a modest tribute to those who lost their lives , even as many were preparing to risk their lives for their country , " the president said . "  It 's also a recognition of the men and women who put their lives on the line every day to protect our safety and uphold our values . We honor their service , we stand in awe of their sacrifice , and we pray for the safety of those who fight and for the families of those who have fallen . " Obama said he met with FBI Director Robert Mueller and representatives of other relevant agencies to discuss the investigation . He promised his administration will provide updates . The central question investigators want to answer : Why would a member of the military who had been trusted with helping others achieve a healthier mental state allegedly shoot his comrades ? "  He took care of soldiers with behavioral health problems and also evaluated people who had disability evaluations , " Braverman told reporters Friday morning . Asked whether Hasan , 39 , had seemed adequately prepared for his job , Braverman responded , "  We had no indication otherwise . " According to the American Psychiatric Association , Hasan co-chaired a panel at the group 's May convention titled "  Medical Issues for Psychiatrists in Disasters . " Military records show Hasan received his appointment to the Army as a first lieutenant in June 1997 after graduating from Virginia Tech in Blacksburg , Virginia , with a degree in biochemistry . Six years later , he graduated from the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences ' F. Edward Hebert School Of Medicine in Bethesda , Maryland , and was first an intern , then a resident and finally a fellow at Walter Reed Army Medical Center . He was promoted to major in May . Army Lt. Col. Wayne Hall said Hasan was to deploy to Afghanistan to work with a unit already there as part of behavioral health support . It was n't clear when Hasan was scheduled to go overseas for what would have been his first deployment . Since 2001 , Hasan had been telling his family that he wanted to get out of the military but was unsuccessful , said a spokeswoman for his cousin , Nader Hasan . She added that he told his family he had been taunted after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Nader Hasan issued a statement late Thursday on behalf of relatives , saying they were shocked by the shootings . Another family statement on Friday said , "  We are mortified with what has unfolded and there is no justification , whatsoever , for what happened . We are all asking why this happened -- and the answer is that we simply do not know . "  We can not explain , nor do we excuse what happened yesterday . Yesterday 's violence in no way reflects the feelings , beliefs , or principles of our family , " the statement continued , adding that the family is cooperating with authorities . CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Michael Cary contributed to this report .	NEW : Fort Hood holds candlelight vigil for victims of shooting Residents of Killeen , Texas , complex say suspect gave them Qurans Watch a CNN special investigation on the shootings , Saturday at 8 p.m. ET on CNN TV
CNN  -- Many Americans , including President Obama , have become fans of the Netflix series "  House of Cards . " The show , starting Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright , is the story of the House majority whip who , through many devious machinations , becomes vice president of the United States . The show presents a devastating portrait of the nation 's capital in which the major players care only about advancing their careers . Public policy and the democratic process are just vehicles for the fulfillment of Spacey 's career ambitions . He is willing to resort to any tactic -- even murder -- to achieve his goals . Without question , the show is riveting . The writing is impressive , and the acting is phenomenal . It is difficult to avoid binge-watching one of the most compelling pieces of television in years . Yet the portrait of politics that "  House of Cards " provides viewers is extremely skewed , a vision so devious and so cynical that it neglects the great things that our democratic process and our leaders have produced over time . "  Even in a landscape newly populated with cynical-to-downright-nihilistic political shows , " wrote an editor for The New York Times , the show "  stands out for its unblinking commitment to a singularly dark vision of politics . " To be sure , politicians can be extraordinarily cold and calculating , ruthless in their pursuit of power , and some do spend almost all of their time figuring up how to move up the political ladder . But American politics has been much more than the world depicted in "  House of Cards . " Many politicians are ruthless and calculating but use those traits for bigger objectives and sometimes will risk sacrificing their career for principle . While serving as Senate majority leader , Lyndon Johnson famously relied on his ambition and thirst for power to produce some rather notable legislative accomplishments , such as the Interstate Highway Act of 1956 and the Civil Rights Act of 1957 . Johnson did things that would make New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie cringe , but the results were often impressive . President Franklin Roosevelt could be ruthless with his opponents , isolating them from his inner circle and castigating them in public , but his terms in office produced a New Deal and won a world war against fascism .  Even Spacey 's character was responsible for education reform in season one and entitlement reform in season two . Our political system , with these kinds of power brokers at their helm , has produced great legislation . During the 1930s , the New Deal offered a federal blanket of security to America 's workers -- by insuring bank accounts , providing old age pensions , regulating financial markets , legitimating industrial unions , enacting a minimum wage and more -- that have remained integral to the nation 's landscape and were a foundation for the middle class . During the mid-1960s , LBJ and the 89th Congress used the government to help tackle many of the big problems that faced the nation , such as providing health insurance to the elderly through Medicare and Medicaid and guaranteeing that African-Americans would not have to live in racially segregated societies through the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . American politics is also filled with examples of great leaders . Not everyone is as despicable as Frank Underwood . In the White House , the nation 's first president , George Washington , set the bar when he voluntarily stepped down from power and demonstrated that the United States would not become a monarchy . Abraham Lincoln guided the nation through the brutal Civil War and brought end to the horrendous institution of slavery . Franklin Roosevelt led Americans through the Great Depression and a major world war , and Dwight Eisenhower , as Evan Thomas showed in his recent book , worked hard to calm the tension of the Cold War and find peaceful solutions to diplomatic challenges . John F. Kennedy carefully negotiated with the Soviets through the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 , avoiding a catastrophic nuclear war , while President Ronald Reagan seized an opportunity for peace over an arms agreement in 1987 after the emergence of Mikhail Gorbachev , who wanted to change the course of world history . There have also been great legislative leaders whose ambitions made important contributions to Congress . Henry Clay set the bar in the 19th century for how a legislative leader could forge compromise . New York 's Robert Wagner promoted many of the ideas that ultimately became the New Deal . His colleague Emanuel Celler spent much of the 20th century fighting from his seat in the House of Representatives to champion the cause of immigrants , workers and African-Americans . Michigan Sen. Arthur Vandenberg , a one-time isolationist , changed his tune and worked with President Harry Truman to design America 's Cold War policies in the late 1940s . In 1964 , Illinois Sen. Everett Dirksen , a staunch conservative , convinced a large bloc of fellow Republicans to come around to vote in favor of ending the filibuster against the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . Rep. John Conyers brought the energy he developed during the civil rights movement to the halls of Congress , defending the Voting Rights Act during the 1980s and 1990s . Great ideas have also come out of Washington rather than the private sector . During the 19th century , the belief in public investment , the idea that the federal government should help create a national infrastructure to connect communities , took hold as public funds were used to build roads and create a mail system . Between the 1940s and 1960s , the federal government championed the cause of computing technology and space exploration at a time when neither seemed very profitable to most in the private sector . A number of politicians , such as Minnesota Sen.  and future Vice President  Hubert Humphrey , were central to promoting the idea of racial equality . So although "  House of Cards " is a great show , viewers need to remember that politics is much more than that . We have become so cynical in this day and age that we can no longer see what is good about our democratic system . The history of our country reveals that this democratic process can also produce great things . Washington is more than a power game : It is a town where those in power have the potential to make important changes and contributions to our history . And sometimes , they have done just that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Netflix show depicts Washington in which power is used ruthlessly He says the show is compelling but paints too dark a portrait of the nation 's capital Political leaders used power to end threats and attain social justice , he says Zelizer : Enjoy show , but do n't take it as statement about limits of American politics
ISIS fighters entered the besieged Syrian Kurdish city of Kobani , a Kurdish fighter said Friday , setting the stage for a vicious street-to-street battle in the shadow of Turkey 's border . Alan Minbic , a fighter with the Kurdish People 's Protection Unit , or YPG , told CNN that ISIS now controls the southwest corner of the city , known in Arabic as Ayn al-Arab . However , there were conflicting reports . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group , said it did not believe that ISIS was in the city itself based on information from more than a dozen sources in Kobani . On Friday , ISIS released a short video showing the apparent beheading of British aid worker Alan Henning . In the same video , the group threatens the life of another hostage , American aid worker Peter Kassig . In the same video , the terror group threatened the life of an American aid worker . Since August , ISIS has beheaded American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff , and British aid worker David Haines . If ISIS , also known as ISIL and the Islamic State , takes Kobani , it will control a complete swath of land from its self-declared capital of Raqqa , Syria , on the Euphrates River to the Turkish border , more than 60 miles away . Thousands of civilians have fled the predominantly Kurdish city in northern Syria in recent days as ISIS forces apparently have advanced inexorably toward it . The Sunni extremist group 's reported entry into the city comes a day after Turkish lawmakers voted overwhelmingly to authorize military force against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Australia decided hours later to join the U.S.-led air campaign against ISIS in Iraq . Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu vowed to help the Kurdish fighters defend Kobani from ISIS . "  We would n't want Kobani to fall , " he said . "  We welcomed our brothers who came from Kobani . We 'll do whatever we can to prevent this from happening . " For months , ISIS has been advancing , capturing portions of northern and eastern Syria and western and northern Iraq for what it says is its new Islamic state , or caliphate . The fighting has only intensified in the region in recent days , with ISIS nearly surrounding Kobani , not far from Turkey 's border . Remaining civilians were ordered Thursday to evacuate and headed to the border , as Kurdish fighters declared their readiness to take on the ISIS militants in street warfare . Snipers take aim YPG fighters are now using snipers in an effort to prevent the ISIS militants from advancing farther , Minbic said . On the eastern edge of Kobani , city defenders destroyed an ISIS tank , Minbic said , but on the western side , ISIS now controls an area called Tal Shair , which includes an informal border crossing . Mousa Al Ahmad , a Free Syrian Army fighter in Kobani , gave CNN the same information on the ISIS advance into the southwest of the city , in a separate phone conversation . He said there were about 300 FSA fighters battling alongside the YPG in the city . A CNN team nearby could hear bursts of small arms fire -- suggesting close-quarters fighting -- that appeared to be coming from around the southwest part of the city . A sustained bombardment by ISIS rained down , particularly on the eastern side of Kobani , perhaps the heaviest seen in days . People still in the city told CNN they expected ISIS to enter soon and were ready for bloody street-to-street fighting . They believed they would have the upper hand , at least to start with , because they know the city . One Kurdish fighter , who gave only his first name , Botan , told CNN on Thursday that they were not afraid to die if necessary . "  We know what will happen if ISIS takes over our town and what they will do to us , " he said . "  Our fight is not just for the Kurds , it is a fight for all of humanity . When people are getting their heads chopped off and tossed aside like animals , it is a duty to fight . " Big shift for Turkey The mood of Turkey 's leaders changed in recent days , with ISIS on the nation 's doorstep and tens of thousands of people fleeing across its border . The Turkish Parliament voted 298-98 to not only to let the country 's military leave its borders to go after ISIS and other terror groups , but also to allow foreign troops to launch operations from Turkey . The authorization , which came as ISIS fighters laid siege to towns just south of the Turkish border , takes effect Saturday . It is a big shift for Turkey , a NATO member , which until now offered only tacit support to the U.S.-led coalition of about 40 nations going after ISIS in Iraq and Syria in various capacities . The Prime Minister submitted a motion declaring that Turkey was seriously threatened by the chaos in Syria and Iraq . On Friday , Syria accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of turning his country "  into a springboard of aggression against Syria under the false claim of fighting terrorism and protecting Turkey 's national security , " according to letters from the Foreign and Expatriates Ministry to the United Nations , Syrian state news agency SANA reported . The ministry said Turkey was responsible for "  every single drop of blood that has been shed in Syria " because it provided political , military and logistical support to terrorist organizations and was a conduit for militants traveling to Syria . U.S. airstrikes have been directed against ISIS positions in the Kobani area this week . But U.S. Central Command said there were no further strikes in the area overnight into Friday . In a statement , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest praised the decisions by Turkey , Australia and Denmark to authorize military force against ISIS . "  We will continue to work with our international partners to expand our sustained and comprehensive approach to degrade and ultimately defeat ISIL through a variety of means , including military actions , efforts to stop terrorist financing , countering flows of foreign fighters into the region , and delegitimizing ISIL 's extremist ideology , " the statement said . CNN military analyst Lt. Col. Rick Francona told CNN on Thursday that as the ISIS militants get closer to the city , targeting becomes much more difficult . While Kobani residents were ordered to evacuate , many have refused . This means civilian casualties are probably also a concern , he said . Special forces Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , speaking Friday after the Cabinet 's decision to authorize airstrikes and the deployment of special forces in Iraq , said ISIS had "  effectively declared war on the world " and posed a threat to Australia and its people . ISIS must be disrupted and degraded , he said , and "  it is absolutely in Australia 's national interests that this mission go ahead . " The Cabinet authorized the deployment of Australian special forces into Iraq to "  advise and assist " Iraqi forces , Abbott said , subject to final legal approvals from Iraq . Australian aircraft began flying support missions over Iraq this week . Abbott warned that the deployment to Iraq could be "  quite lengthy , " lasting months rather than weeks , but that it would be no longer than strictly necessary . "  Yes , it is a combat deployment , but it is an essentially humanitarian mission to protect the people of Iraq and ultimately the people of Australia from the murderous rage of the ISIL death cult , " he said . Abbott said Australia 's special forces would support Iraqi forces , in a way similar to those sent by the United States , which already has "  quite a substantial special forces component on the ground , " he said . Australia has six Super Hornet strike fighters based in the United Arab Emirates , and Parliament has authorized the use of up to eight , said Air Chief Marshal Mark Binskin . Australian authorities believe that there are at least 60 Australians fighting in the Middle East with terrorist groups , chiefly ISIS , and that at least 100 more support terrorist groups through funding and recruitment . Counterterrorism police have carried out raids in Australia in recent days . On Friday , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper presented a motion before the House of Commons about the possibility of his nation taking part in military operations against ISIS in Iraq , including airstrikes . The lower house of Parliament is debating the issue . Retired U.S. Gen. John Allen , who is coordinating the international effort against ISIS , said that he expects a campaign against Mosul within a year . "  Mosul is going to be a pretty important battle , " he said . "  This was the place where -LSB- ISIS leader -RSB- Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi exposed himself , it 's the place where the difficulties of the ISF -LSB- Iraq Security Forces -RSB- began to cascade . ... I would say Mosul will go as an operation within a year . " Allen also said ISIS 's financial structure must be attacked . "  A single round of air strikes will not defeat the enemy , " he said . " -LSB- ISIS -RSB- operates in the financial space , and generates a lot of revenue , and while the counterattack against ISIS in the physical space is underway , there is going to be a concerted effort in the financial space also to try to deny it the revenue it generates every day , that gives it the oxygen it breathes . ... " A father 's plea The father of British ISIS hostage John Cantlie , a journalist captured nearly two years ago , said he felt "  great relief " when his son appeared in a video message showing he was still alive recently , along with a "  feeling of despair and helplessness . " "  I want John to know how very proud I am of him , " Paul Cantlie said in a video message delivered from a hospital bed . "  I can think of no greater joy than seeing my dear son released and allowed to return home to those that love him . " Cantlie is the latest hostage to be paraded out by ISIS and forced to deliver the group 's propaganda . In a video released Thursday , Cantlie -- wearing an orange shirt and seated alone at a desk with a black backdrop -- said he is sending what will be the first in a series of messages on behalf of the group . Cantlie , a photojournalist who also wrote several articles for major British newspapers , was kidnapped in November 2012 along with American journalist James Foley . ISIS released a video of Foley 's beheading last month . This month , the group released videos showing the slayings of two other Western hostages , American journalist Steven Sotloff and British aid worker David Haines . In his video message to ISIS , Paul Cantlie , 81 , said : "  To those holding John -- please know that he is a good man , he sought only to help the Syrian people and I ask you , from all that is sacred , to help us and allow him to return home . "	Small arms fire can be heard from southwest Kobani , as east is bombarded ISIS fighters have entered the Syrian Kurdish city , a Kurdish fighter says Turkish PM says Turkey will do whatever it can to prevent the fall of Kobani Turkey has authorized military action in Iraq and Syria , and Australia in Iraq
CNN  -- Starting Tuesday , many "  robocalls " from telemarketers will be illegal . A new ban on automated telemarketing calls goes into effect Tuesday . Businesses that try to push products on consumers with automated and unsolicited calls will face fines of up to $ 16,000 per call , according to the Federal Trade Commission . "  American consumers have made it crystal clear that few things annoy them more than the billions of commercial telemarketing robocalls they receive every year , " FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz said in a news release . Calls from politicians , public service announcements and "  informational " calls will be exempt from the new rule . A call alerting a traveler that his or her flight has been delayed would still be allowed , for example . Banks , telephone carriers and most charitable organizations are also excluded from the ban , the FTC says . The FTC asks people to report questionable robocalls by visiting its complaint Web site or by calling 1-877-FTC-HELP . "  If consumers think they 're being harassed by robocallers , they need to let us know , and we will go after them , " Leibowitz said . The ban on many pre-recorded calls was approved by the FTC in August of 2008 and is the last of a series of amendments to go into effect , said Lois Greisman , the FTC 's associate director of marketing practices . She said the ban applies only to pre-recorded calls and encouraged consumers to sign up for the federal "  do not call " registry for additional protections . Robocalls to mobile phones already are illegal , she said . People still will be able to receive telemarketer calls if they give companies written permission to contact them . Nate Anderson , a blogger at Ars Technica , a technology site , cheered the amendments but said many calls are illegal even without the new amendments . "  Most of the robocalls received by people in the office here are already illegal to do begin with -- pitches for time shares and bogus car warranties top the list of such calls , " he wrote .	An FTC ban on automated telemarketing calls starts Tuesday Companies breaking the rule face fines of $ 16,000 per call Exceptions include political calls , "  informational " calls and bank calls
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- An Iranian national security official has called for demonstrators to be arrested following deadly weekend anti-government protests in Tehran . Soon afterward , an opposition Web site reported a wave of arrests . "  The undignified and disruptive behavior of the rioters is no longer tolerable for our people , since they have brought undignified behaviors to new heights by offending sanctities and values held dear in Islam and Iran , " Naghavi Hosseini , a member of the Parliamentary National Security and Foreign Policy Commission , told state-run IRNA . "  The Nation 's Judiciary must swiftly arrest the rioters who committed those crimes . " An opposition Web site , NoroozNews , said government officials took several activists into custody Monday , including some close advisors to opposition leader and former presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi . The government did not immediately respond to the report . Meanwhile , the death toll from Sunday 's anti-government protests in Tehran stood at eight , the country 's Supreme National Security Council said . Are you in Iran ? Share your photos and video and tell us what 's going on . With tight restrictions on international media , CNN could not independently verify the casualties that were reported Monday by state-run Press TV . The Press TV report did not say how many others were arrested . But earlier , Iran 's Deputy Police Chief Ahmad Reza Radan said on state television station IRINN that more than 300 were taken into custody . Opposition Web site Rahesabz.net reported the arrests of at least three figures from the reformist movement and also noted that Tehran 's text messaging system had slowed to a crawl with the outbreak in violence . The toll was the result of clashes that broke out between demonstrators and security forces as large crowds gathered for Ashura , a major religious observance that marks the death of Imam Hussein , grandson of Prophet Mohammed , as a martyr . Some demonstrators over the weekend compared Ayatollah Khamenei -- the supreme leader of the nation 's hardline Islamic government -- to Yazid , the caliph who killed Imam Hussein . Radan said those killed included one person who fell off a bridge and two others who were killed in a car accident during the protests . One of the victims was killed by a bullet , Radan said . But "  considering the fact that the police did not use firearms , this incident is extremely suspicious , and is being investigated , " he added . Mousavi 's Web site reported that his nephew , Seyed Ali Mousavi , was killed in the demonstrations by a shot to the heart . Press TV late Sunday quoted unnamed police officials as identifying one of the dead as "  Seyyed Ali Mousavi " but it did not mention the elder Mousavi or any relationship between the two men . Tehran Police Chief Azizollah Rajabzadeh denied that any protesters were killed by security forces . Police did not fire any shots in Tehran , "  and security forces were not in possession of firearms , " Rajabzadeh told the semi-official news agency ISNA . The state has also said it believes some of the videos may have been staged in order to make the government look bad . The English Web site of state-run news agency IRNA led Monday with a story about Iran 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , planning a visit to Tajikistan . Of about 20 headlines on the main screen of the Web site , none mentioned the protests . Since the disputed presidential elections in June , protesters have turned public gatherings into rallies against President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who was declared the overwhelming winner of the race . CNN 's Reza Sayah , an Iran native who covers the region , has called recent events an unprecedented uprising , presenting "  the most significant challenge " the Islamic republic has faced since its government came to power through a revolution 30 years ago . "  Its strength , its power over these past 30 years has been repression , has been intimidation of anyone who 's dissented , " but the government has n't managed to quell this rebellion , Sayah said . "  And you look at this opposition movement , and you have to ask yourself how . They do n't have a strong leader . They do n't have a structure . They do n't have an organization . But somehow they manage to mobilize and move out . " The unrest Sunday followed day-long clashes between the two sides in the streets of Tehran on Saturday . On Saturday evening , a pro-government mob barged into a mosque where former president and reformist leader Mohammad Khatami was speaking . The dozens-strong group forced Khatami to end his remarks abruptly when it interrupted the gathering at Jamaran mosque . The protests also came as Iranians were mourning the Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri , a key figure in the 1979 Iranian revolution . Montazeri went on to become one of the government 's most vocal critics . Trita Parsi , president of the National Iranian American Council in Washington , D.C. -- a public critic of Iran 's hardline government -- told CNN 's "  American Morning : "  I think this may actually turn out to be a breaking point . What we 've seen here is how the opposition , six months after the fraud in elections , still have a lot of fight in them . "  I think they 've taken the Iranian authorities by surprise . They 're still coming out in huge numbers , and morale seems to be stronger amongst the opposition than among the security forces at this point . " "  This could very well end up being one of those indicators that this is not just going to end -- this is going to go for something that can be causing a dramatic change , not only in Iran but in the region as a whole . " -- CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report	NEW : Clashes broke out as large crowds gathered for major religious observance Ashura More than 300 arrested , Iran 's deputy police chief says on state TV ; death toll reported to be eight NEW : CNN 's Reza Sayah : Most significant challenge since Islamic republic came to power Since June 's disputed elections , protesters have turned public gatherings into rallies against President Ahmadinejad
CNN  -- Living near Wrigley Field has always felt magical to diehard Chicago Cubs fan Deb Gordils , who was born and raised in Wrigleyville , just blocks away from the famed ballpark . The 53-year-old said her life has been intertwined with the ballpark . She spent most of her youth daydreaming that she 'd become the next shortstop for the Chicago Cubs , and she was devastated when she was told she could n't play Little League baseball because she was a girl . But that did n't lessen her undying love for the Friendly Confines . "  I remember racing to the park after school to catch the last part of a game , " Gordils said . When she was much younger , she would watch some of those games from a friend 's apartment window that had a view of the field . Similar apartments still exist today . Gordils is one of many Chicagoans , baseball fans and historians who shared their memories and photos of the renowned ballpark with CNN iReport in honor of Wrigley Field turning 100 years old on April 23 . The second oldest major league ballpark , Wrigley Field has become a cultural and historical institution in the Windy City since its opening in 1914 . From its outfield walls covered in ivy -- which was planted in the 1930s and has occasionally thwarted outfielders in their quest for the ball -- to its manual scoreboard , which no batted ball has ever hit , Wrigley Field retains much of its original charm . 25 years on the ` dead stadium ' tour In an age when newer baseball stadiums are the norm , what 's the secret to Wrigley 's longevity ? Gary Gillette , co-chair of the Society for American Baseball Research ballparks committee and a baseball writer , said the ballpark 's assimilation into the community is part of the secret . He said it 's the same for Boston 's Fenway Park , which celebrated 100 years in 2012 . "  There 's a reason the neighborhood around Wrigley Field is called Wrigleyville . Wrigley Field is integrated into the neighborhood , " he said . One of the park 's features that he attributes to its neighborliness is its lack of parking spaces . That 's right , no cars . "  Wrigley and Fenway , they 're very tight knit . There 's very little parking , most people take mass transit or walk and that helps preserve them , " he said . Loving Chicago , despite it all The Cubs ' lack of success may have actually helped preserve the park as well , said Wrigley expert Stuart Shea . "  After World War II , the Cubs were a bad team for 20 years . And they did n't have a lot of attendance during that time , " said Shea , who recently published an updated version of his book , "  Wrigley Field : The Long Life and Contentious Times of the Friendly Confines . " "  The fact that the Cubs were n't that good means there was n't pressure to move somewhere modern or bigger . " Howard Katz , a Boston-based psychologist said going to a ballpark evokes feelings of camaraderie , which can also explain why Wrigley Field has lasted . "  I think that gathering with large groups of people in spaces where we celebrate something larger than ourselves is very meaningful for us . There is a kind of admiration for being all we can be in terms of human achievement . " That communal experience transcends generations . Herschel Pollard said he felt like he had "  traveled through time " when he visited Wrigley in 2012 to see the Cubs play the Astros . 15 of nature 's most spectacular shows "  I loved knowing I was seeing the same sights , smelling the same smells , hearing the same sounds as every person who 's attended a game at Wrigley over the last 100 years , " he said . "  Wrigley fulfilled every ballpark fantasy I had as a kid . This is how baseball should be seen . " At 100 years old , how much longer does it have left ? According to Shea , another 30 to 40 years before it will need some major upgrades . "  The one thing I worry about is that if new scoreboards were added , then that will reduce the city view , and you will lose the feel that makes it special . That open view of the city is the one of the most important parts of the park , " he said . It adds to a sense of community that Gordils , now mother of two girls , said makes Wrigley Field irreplaceable . "  I was born and raised around the ballpark . I attended school blocks away from the ballpark , and today my kids go to school blocks from the ballpark and my office is near Wrigley , " she said . "  It was really magical living around Wrigley field . It was -- and is -- always home . " 10 things you do n't know about 100 years of Wrigley CNN 's Daphne Sashin contributed to this story .	Chicago 's Wrigley Field turns 100 this year It 's the second oldest ballpark after Boston 's Fenway CNN readers shared their Wrigley memories on iReport What 's the secret to the park 's longevity ? Read on !
Washington  CNN  -- Menachem Zivotofsky is a 12-year-old boy without a country -- he 's a U.S. citizen born in the city of Jerusalem . There lies his dilemma . The U.S. State Department , in an unusual exception , will not allow his family to list "  Israel " as the nation of birth on his American passport . The Supreme Court will decide whether granting this "  small " gesture on behalf of a child half a world away -- and others like him -- would disrupt the Obama administration 's ongoing efforts to secure a binding , lasting peace settlement for the troubled region . Oral arguments in the separation of powers dispute are set for Nov. 3 . At issue is whether a federal law that explicitly directs the State Department how to record the birthplace of an American citizen on a passport impermissibly infringes on the president 's power to recognize a foreign sovereign . "  There have been 50,000 Americans in the last 10 years that were born in Jerusalem , and many of them would like to have ` Israel ' indicated as their place of birth in the passports , " said Sarah Cleveland , a Columbia University Law School professor , and until recently a counselor on international law at the State Department . "  But this is also an extremely important geopolitical issue and a very sensitive foreign relations issue for the United States . " The high court case is Zivotofsky v. Kerry , but the key player in this dispute is perhaps the most famous city in the world , and one of the oldest human settlements still in existence : Jerusalem . Its name translates as "  City of Peace " to some and "  Holy Sanctuary " to others . It is Israel 's largest city and its capital , though that is not recognized by the United Nations and most of the world community . Divided into East Jerusalem  populated mostly by Muslims  and West Jerusalem  populated mostly by Jews  , the city spans more than 48 square miles , with about 775,000 people . The terms "  East " and "  West " come layered with political , social , religious , and geographic questions -- amorphous , often misleading terms , symbolic of the larger struggle for control and recognition of all that this city represents . Some use the terms "  Jewish " or "  Arab " Jerusalem to refer to the sections . The Old City is the heart of the region , a holy symbol to the three major Abrahamic religions -- Christianity , Islam , and Judaism . That tiny area -- just a third of one square mile -- contains the Temple Mount , Western Wall , Church of the Holy Sepulcher , Dome of the Rock , and al-Aqsa Mosque . It is believed to have been first settled in the fourth millennium BC , and according to the Bible , it was established as the capital of the Kingdom of Israel around 1000 BC by King David . It has been destroyed twice -- and attacked , besieged , and captured more than a hundred times . Canaanites , Hebrews , Arabs , Greeks , Romans , Persians , crusaders , Turks , and the British have all laid claim to the land . Its status today remains one the thorniest issues blocking a comprehensive Mideast peace agreement , with both the state of Israel and the Palestinian people claiming sovereignty . During the 1948 war , the western part of the city was annexed by the newly formed nation of Israel , and the eastern part annexed by Jordan . The eastern part was then captured by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War . It considers East Jerusalem part of its "  undivided capital , " but most of the international community deems the annexations illegal and a part of Palestinian land . The Israeli government is based there , but no foreign embassies . The city is home to Ari and Naomi Zivotofsky . The couple and their two oldest sons were born in the United States , but the family migrated to Israel a decade ago , and in October 2002 the youngest , Menachem Binyamin was born . "  We 're very proud of the fact that he was born in Israel and that we live in Israel and it 's the modern state of Israel , " Ari Zivotofsky told CNN . "  Religiously and historically , that 's very significant . " The father said his son -- who has been at the center of this legal fight for 11 of his 12 years -- frequently reminds his siblings he is the one Zivotofsky born in their current home . He is preparing for his Bar Mitzvah . Just three weeks before Menachem was born , the United States Congress gave American citizens born in Jerusalem the individual discretion to ask that Israel be listed on passports and consular reports , where it says "  Place of Birth . " President George W. Bush signed the bill , but issued an executive "  signing statement " indicating he would not comply . The law , he said "  impermissibly interferes with the president 's constitutional authority to conduct the nation 's foreign affairs and to supervise the unitary executive branch . " So the State Department 's official Foreign Affairs Manual still reads : "  For a person born in Jerusalem , write JERUSALEM as the place of birth in the passport . Do not write Israel , Jordan or West Bank for a person born within the current municipal borders of Jerusalem . " It is not the first time the Congress and White House have clashed over the region . The American Embassy remains in Tel Aviv despite U.S. lawmakers ' objections . The boy 's mother made the "  Israel " request about two months after his birth , but embassy officials refused . His passport in fact shows his round , innocent face , and just "  Jerusalem " is listed as his place of birth . "  That 's been the State Department 's practice , the general rule for American citizens born abroad is that their passport lists only a country of birth , " said Alyza Lewin , the Zivotofsky 's lawyer . "  So if a citizen is born for instance in Paris , it says France . If they 're born in Tel Aviv or Haifa , it says just Israel . If you 're born in Jerusalem , instead of saying the country , the city is listed -- just a city -- Jerusalem . " The attorneys for the Zivotofskys have framed their case as a modest request , one that does not implicate the president 's foreign policy power . They are asking the high court not to decide a political question , but simply tell the administration to enforce the law , for the sake of a little boy . "  It is a very personal case . What 's at stake is their deep personal pride and sense of identification with the state of Israel , and their right , given by Congress , to express that , on the passport , " said Nathan Lewin , who will again argue the family 's case before the high court . "  That pride , and the national pride of others , is clearly what makes that region as much front page news as it often is . But I do n't think that this case itself is asking for any kind of broader determination than allowing these individuals that opportunity . " The government is thinking of the bigger picture . State Department officials would not comment on the record on a pending case , but President Obama has acknowledged the stalled peace process has created divisions both in that region and in the United States . "  Palestinians should know the territorial outlines of their state ; Israelis should know that their basic security concerns will be met , " he said in a May 2010 speech . "  I know that these steps alone will not resolve this conflict . Two wrenching and emotional issues remain : the future of Jerusalem , and the fate of Palestinian refugees . But moving forward now on the basis of territory and security provides a foundation to resolve those two issues in a way that is just and fair , and that respects the rights and aspirations of Israelis and Palestinians . " The justices in 2012 had allowed the Zivotofsky 's legal claim to proceed , and will now confront the larger questions : whether the congressional law steps on the president 's foreign policy power . "  It 's one of those issues that people probably find remarkable that it has n't been addressed before , " Cleveland said . "  Because , presidents have been recognizing states and governments for 200 years . Congress generally has acquiesced in what the president has done . There has been very little conflict over the exercise of that power traditionally , other than in , for example , the Taiwan -LSB- conflict with mainland China -RSB- and , in particular , over Jerusalem . This is an issue that has been a festering source of tension between Congress and presidents for decades . " The family again plans to attend the court session in Washington next week . Choosing a home , and being able to decide what to call it may seem like a fundamental right . But nothing is so easy when Jerusalem is mentioned . The Zivotofskys say they recognize the geo-political complexity , but think in this case , in this judicial forum , the solution is simple . "  Whatever else they decide whatever else , the bigger issues , that 's for them to decide , " said Ari Zivotofsky . "  What we request is just exactly what the lawsuit says , implement the law and write in the passport that my son was born in Israel . " A ruling from the high court is expected in a few months .	Boy is a U.S. citizen born in Jerusalem The State Department wo n't allow the use of ` Israel ' as a birthplace on U.S. passports The Supreme Court will hear the case Nov. 3
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israel 's attorney general will indict former President Moshe Katsav on charges of rape and sexual assault of a number of his employees , the country 's justice ministry said Sunday . Israel 's ex-President Moshe Katsav will face rape and sexual assault charges , Israel 's Justice Ministry said . Katsav will also be charged with obstruction of justice , Attorney General Menachem Mazuz said in a statement . Katsav had agreed in 2007 to plead guilty to lesser charges and pay a fine in order to avoid jail time , but pulled out of the deal when it came time to enter his plea . The plea bargain caused a public storm in Israel , mainly because it did not include charges of rape , contrary to what had been suggested by Mazuz in a draft indictment . Watch more on the expected indictment " Katsav , of the center-right Likud Party , was president of Israel from 2000 to 2007 . He was minister of tourism before that . The charges stem from allegations made against him in both jobs . He resigned the presidency in June 2007 over the sexual assault allegations . CNN 's Shira Medding contributed to this report .	Justice Ministry : Moshe Katsav will be indicted on rape , sexual assault charges Katsav to face obstruction of justice charge , Attorney General Menachem Mazuz says Katsav , of the center-right Likud Party , was president from 2000 to 2007
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Nineteen demonstrators protesting high unemployment and poor living conditions have been killed during the past two days in riots that broke out in two Tunisian cities near its border with Algeria , a government official said Monday . The incidents occurred in the cities of Thala and Kasserine , said Minister of Information Samir Abidi . All of the dead were demonstrators ; more than 30 police were injured , he said . Amnesty International said at least 23 people died in protests over the weekend , and it had received reports of more deaths on Monday . Citing "  information gathered by Amnesty International , " it said security forces fired tear gas and live ammunition to disperse demonstrators in the cities of Thala , Kasserine and Regueb in central Tunisia . "  The authorities must urgently ensure the safety of protesters and instruct security forces to act with restraint and not to use excessive force against them , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa deputy director . "  The authorities claim they acted in self-defense but the rising death toll and the images of demonstrations suppressed by the security forces cast serious doubt on this version of events , " Hassiba said . In Kasserine alone , 13 people were killed in two days , Amnesty International said . The organization called for an investigation into the deaths and for those responsible to be punished . Major cities were unaffected by the unrest . The demonstrations included demands for the government to improve social services . Tunisia 's government called the protesters violent troublemakers . Tunisia has been ruled for 23 years by President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali , an ally of Western powers and a target of activist and human rights groups that accuse him of running a corrupt police state that has infringed on citizens ' rights . In his second speech since the riots erupted , he said on national radio and television that he was ordering the creation of as many as 300,000 jobs and called for greater freedoms for members of the news media . "  These violent , sometimes bloody events , which caused deaths among civilians and injuries among security officers , were perpetrated by hooded gangs that attacked , at night , public institutions and even citizens in their houses , " he said . "  This is an intolerable act of terrorism . " He said he would lower taxes on employers who generate new jobs . Tunisia 's 14 % unemployment rate does not reflect the true problems faced by the nation , Abidi said . The government pays for college educations , but only about a third of the 80,000 students who graduate each year from the nation 's universities are able to find work , he said . As a result , he said , unemployment among college graduates hovers around 25 % . Abidi said the government does not oppose the right of demonstrators to express their opinions , but it will not tolerate violence . He said extremist groups like al Qaeda might use the riots to recruit young people . Human rights groups have said the Tunisian government has cracked down on demonstrators with force . Reporters Without Borders condemned the arrests and disappearances of bloggers and online activists across a number of Tunisian cities . The worldwide press freedom organization said police arrested the bloggers to question them about hacking into government websites . The wave of demonstrations was sparked by the suicide of an unemployed college graduate in early December . Mohamed Bouazizi , 26 , set himself on fire in front of a government building in the town of Sidi Bouzid in early December after police confiscated his fruit cart , saying he was selling without a permit , according to Amnesty International . He died from his injuries . The official news agency reported that the Tunisian government called in U.S. Ambassador Gordon Grey to answer questions about U.S. government criticism of the Tunisian government 's handling of the unrest . In Washington , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley confirmed that Grey was called to hear complaints about U.S. characterization of the situation in Tunis . "  We again affirmed our concerns not only about the ongoing violence , the importance of respecting freedom of expression but also the importance of the availability of information , and we will continue that discussion , " Crowley said . "  We understand the government has a very legitimate right to ensure the safety of its citizens . That said , we do have concerns about some of the steps that the government has taken . " Amnesty International has urged the Tunisian government to respect freedom of expression . "  Tunisians must be allowed to express their grievances and freely protest , " said a statement from the organization . "  The authorities made empty promises of work opportunities which were followed by a crackdown on protesters . " Tunisian authorities have said they are acting in self-defense . Security forces fired on protesters in December , the state-run TAP news agency reported at the time . At the United Nations , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called for restraint "  and urges all parties to seek to resolve differences through dialogue , " a spokesperson said in a statement . CNN 's Richard Roth and Elise Labott contributed to this story	19 demonstrators are killed in Tunisia , government says Amnesty International says the death toll is at least 23 NEW : Government calls in U.S. envoy to complain Demonstrators are demanding the government improve social services
CNN  -- As most parents of adolescents know all too well , text messaging has become the preferred method of communication for American teenagers , with one in three teens sending more than 100 texts a day , a new survey says . The survey by the Pew Research Center 's Internet & American Life Project illustrates the indispensable role that text messaging , and mobile phones in general , play in the lives of today 's teenagers . Three-quarters of 12 - to 17-year-olds own cell phones , up from 45 percent in 2004 , and daily text messaging to friends has increased rapidly in recent years . The research , made public Tuesday , confirms that teens make and receive far fewer phone calls than text messages . They primarily use their phones for voice calling when communicating with parents , although they prefer text messaging when it comes to communicating with their peers . Although teens make or receive about five calls a day , half of them send a minimum of 50 text messages a day , the survey found . "  Texting is so functional and efficient , " said Amanda Lenhart , a senior research specialist at Pew , when asked to explain the survey results . "  It 's convenient and fits into those small spaces in daily life . You 're not talking about much , but you 're telling people you 're connected to them . " How do teens manage to send so many text messages while spending the better part of Monday through Friday in the classroom ? Forty-three percent of teens who take their phones to school reported sending at least one text message from class a day , despite the fact that many schools have banned cell phones in class . Lenhart said this just goes to show how important text messaging is to teens . "  Teenagers have been looking for ways to skirt around rules and defy administrators for millennia , whether it 's passing notes in class or passing digital notes in class through cell phones , " she said . And teenage girls are doing most of the texting . Girls send and receive about 80 text messages a day , while boys send and receive only 30 . This is not a surprising find , according to Pew , as females also use other communicative tools more than males . Girls will text for social reasons more so than boys will , the survey found . For example , 59 percent of girls text their friends multiple times a day "  just to say hello , " as opposed to 49 percent of boys who do the same . The fact that girls use their cell phones more than boys might be one reason that of the 64 percent of parents who have monitored their teens ' cell phones , the vast majority are parents of 12 - to 13-year-old girls . "  It 's a historic relationship . ... Parents tend to regulate girls more than boys for a variety of social and gender reasons , " Lenhart said . Teens are using their phones to record and share their daily experiences , Lenhart said . In addition to texting , 83 percent of teens use their mobile phones to take pictures , and 64 percent of teens share their pictures with others . During focus groups , Lenhart said , she asked teens what they liked to take pictures of with their cell phones . The most common answers : their pets , the people in their lives and the funny things they want to share with their friends . Lenhart said the growth of wireless carriers ' unlimited texting plans has made it easier for teens to communicate via text message . "  It 's like the all-you-can-eat plan , " she said . Teenagers "  do n't have to worry about cramming everything into 160 characters anymore . ... It does n't cost 20 cents to send ` OK ' to a friend . " The Pew survey was conducted last summer on landline and cell phones , and it included 800 youths ages 12-17 , plus one of their parents .	Most teens prefer texting to talking on cell phones , Pew Research Center survey says Survey : One in three teenagers send more than 100 text messages a day 43 percent of teens reported sending at least one text message from class a day Girls use cell phones more than boys do , survey found
Google Street View , the interactive panorama feature within Google Maps , has shared eye-level images of Antarctica , gone inside NASA 's Kennedy Space Center , floated down rivers in the Amazon and strolled the halls of famous museums . Now the company is going underwater . The company on Wednesday added panoramic undersea images of the Great Barrier Reef in Australia , the waters off the Apo Islands in the Philippines and underwater life around the Hawaiian islands . The stunning photos capture fish , plants , turtles and other marine critters going about their business in faraway oceans . Now anyone can get an immersive view of the seas without getting wet or worrying about the bends . Zoom in to check out a manta ray 's belly , join a school of fish or study intricate coral up close . More Australia wildlife news : Albino whale puts on show The photos are part of a partnership with the Catlin Seaview Survey , an ambitious project focused on documenting the world 's reefs using high-resolution 360-degree images . Catlin is working to create a thorough archive off the world 's reefs that scientists can use to study the effects of climate change . By documenting reefs with photographs , it will be possible to determine the impact increased water temperatures and acidity will have on the areas over time . "  If you want to reach millions of people worldwide , the first place you knock on the door is Google , " said Richard Vevers , project director of the Catlin Seaview Survey . The partnership with Google  which also involved a live Google Hangout with a diver and a sea turtle earlier this year  , is an attempt to get people invested in the fate of these ecosystems and the role the oceans play in sustaining the planet . For the 99 % of people who have never been diving , a panoramic photo is a vivid introduction . "  It 's about introducing to the wide number of people on this planet the impact we 're having on these coral reefs , " said Vevers . "  Until we make coral reefs and the important ecosystem in the ocean relevant to people on the planet , we 're not going to get action . " Google has used cars , trikes , snowmobiles and people outfitted with custom cameras to capture 360-degree images around the world . For this project , the images were taken by a camera custom-designed for the Catlin Seaview Survey , the SVII , whose design was inspired by sharks . The rapid-fire camera can be controlled by a tablet in watertight housing , and it records GPS data as well as the exact angle at which the photo was taken . To capture images at greater depths , between 30 and 100 meters  about 98 to 328 feet  , the group plans to send down special remotely operated vehicles outfitted with remote-controlled digital single-lens reflex cameras . Nearly 90 % of the Great Barrier Reef is below 30 meters of water . So far , the project has taken 15,000 panoramic photos underwater , and each of those is made of three separate shots . They hope to have between 50,000 and 100,000 panoramic photos by the end of next year . Future sites will include Bermuda , the Caribbean , the Indian Ocean and the Coral Triangle , an area where coral reefs retreated to after the last ice age . Only the most interesting images will be used for Google Maps , but all will be accessible to scientists through the project 's main site . "  One of the central concepts of this activity is to bring people on this jouney with scientists , " said Ove Hoegh-Guldberg , director of the Global Change Institute at the University of Queensland . The Street View  perhaps Reef View ?  ocean project was first announced in February . Since it launched in 2007 , Google Street View has captured 20 petabytes of data in 48 countries . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimates that 95 % of the ocean is still unexplored .	Google and the Catlin Seaview Survey are capturing underwater imagery Images of the Great Barrier Reef , Philippines and Hawaii are viewable on Google Maps The project will help scientists monitor the effects of climate change on reefs
Abbottabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- News outlets in Pakistan have made public the name of an American they identified as the CIA station chief , but a senior Pakistani intelligence official said Monday the person named is not the station chief . Referring to a name cited in the Pakistani newspaper The Nation , the intelligence official said , "  If we were going to release the name , we would release the right one . " The official said he did not know where the name came from . A U.S. official said there is "  no current plan to bring home the current chief of station " in Pakistan . The remarks came amid reports suggesting Pakistani officials may have leaked the name of a CIA official in the country . Tensions between the United States and Pakistan have been growing since U.S. forces found and killed Osama bin Laden in the city of Abbottabad a week ago . U.S. officials have been publicly questioning whether Pakistan did all it could to track down the world 's most wanted terrorist .	Pakistani news outlets name someone they identify as the CIA station chief The name was inaccurate , a Pakistani official says The U.S. has no plan to bring the station chief home , a U.S. official says
CNN  -- An Israeli patrol boat struck a boat carrying medical volunteers and supplies to Gaza early Tuesday as it attempted to intercept the vessel in the Mediterranean Sea , witnesses and Israeli officials said . The Dignity arrives in Tyre , Lebanon , after it was reportedly rammed by an Israeli military vessel Tuesday . CNN correspondent Karl Penhaul was aboard the 60-foot pleasure boat Dignity when the contact occurred . When the boat later docked in the Lebanese port city of Tyre , severe damage was visible to the forward port side of the boat , and the front left window and part of the roof had collapsed . It was flying the flag of Gibraltar . The Dignity was carrying crew and 16 passengers -- physicians from Britain , Germany and Cyprus and human rights activists from the Free Gaza Solidarity Movement -- who were trying to reach Gaza through an Israeli blockade of the territory . Also on board was former U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney . Penhaul said an Israeli patrol boat shined its spotlight on the Dignity , and then it and another patrol boat shadowed the Dignity for about a half hour before the collision . One patrol boat "  very severely rammed " the Dignity , Penhaul said . The captain of the Dignity told Penhaul he received no warning . Only after the collision did the Israelis come on the radio to say they struck the boat because they believed it was involved in terrorist activities , the captain said . But Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor denied that and said the patrol boat had warned the vessel not to proceed to Gaza because it is a closed military area . Palmor said there was no response to the radio message , and the vessel then tried to out-maneuver the Israeli patrol boat , leading to the collision . Watch Penhaul describe the boat damage " The captain and crew said their vessel was struck intentionally , Penhaul said , but Palmor called those allegations "  absurd . " "  There is no intention on the part of the Israeli navy to ram anybody , " Palmor said . "  I would call it ramming . Let 's just call it as it is , " McKinney said after the boat docked in Lebanon . "  Our boat was rammed three times , twice in the front and one on the side . Watch Cynthia McKinney discuss the collision " "  Our mission was a peaceful mission to deliver medical supplies and our mission was thwarted by the Israelis -- the aggressiveness of the Israeli military , " she said . The incident occurred in international waters about 90 miles off Gaza . Israel controls the waters off Gaza 's coast and routinely blocks ships from coming into the Palestinian territory as part of an ongoing blockade that also applies to the Israel-Gaza border . Human rights groups have expressed concern about the blockade on Gaza , which has restricted the delivery of emergency aid and fuel supplies . Tuesday 's collision was so severe , Penhaul said , that the passengers were ordered to put on their life vests and be ready to get in lifeboats . The Dignity began taking on water , but the crew managed to pump it out of the hull long enough for the boat to reach shore . "  It could have ended with people drowning if they hit us more square on , " Dignity 's captain , Denis Healey , said . "  It could have gone down in minutes . " Palmor said the vessel refused assistance after the incident . The boat was carrying boxes of relief supplies , volunteers and journalists to Gaza , the Palestinian territory that has been subject to an intense Israeli bombing campaign since Saturday . Israel Tuesday lambasted McKinney -- the Green Party 's 2008 candidate for the U.S. presidency and a former Democratic congresswoman from Georgia -- for taking part in the maritime mission . In a written statement , the Consulate General of Israel to the Southeast , based in Atlanta , Georgia , said McKinney "  has taken it upon herself to commit an act of provocation , " endangering herself and the crew . "  We regret that during this time of crisis , while Israel is battling with the terrorist organization of Hamas and defending its citizens , that we are forced to deal with Ms. McKinney 's irresponsible behavior , " the statement read . The trip was the Free Gaza Solidarity Movement 's sixth in as many months . Israel launched airstrikes against Gaza on Saturday in what Defense Minister Ehud Barak called an "  all-out war " against the Palestinian militant group Hamas , which has ruled the territory since 2007 . The Israeli military says its goal is to stop a recent barrage of rocket fire from Gaza into southern Israel . Watch the chaos in Gaza and Israel " The Palestinian death toll has topped 375 , most of them Hamas militants , Palestinian medical sources said Tuesday . At least 60 civilians have been killed in Gaza , U.N. officials said . Hamas has continued to fire rockets at southern Israeli towns since the airstrikes began , Israel says . Six Israelis have been killed -- five of them civilians . Hamas has vowed to defend Gaza in the face of what it calls continued Israeli aggression . Each side blames the other for violating an Egyptian-brokered cease-fire , which formally expired December 19 , but had been weakening for months .	NEW : Israel scolds former congresswoman for being on Gaza-bound boat Israeli naval vessel , boat with medical volunteers collide in Mediterranean Boat 's crew contends naval vessel rammed it intentionally Israel denies intentionally hitting boat carrying journalists , medical supplies
La Jolla , California  CNN  A black-and-white photo shows the 16-year-old ballerina at her prime , mere months before her world would be destroyed . She is dressed in a bathing suit , smiling radiantly while performing a gymnastic split . Edith Eva Eger says the portrait was taken by her first teenage crush : a Jewish boy named Imre . He , like so many others , would not survive the Holocaust . "  I had my 17th birthday in Auschwitz , " Eger says . Seventy years later , Eger appears frail at first glance , until she astounds a new acquaintance by performing a dance kick that goes shoulder-high . The 87-year old says her fondest childhood memories still revolve around dancing and training to compete for the Hungarian Olympic team as a gymnast . "  But then I was told that I had to train somewhere else because I 'm Jewish , and I do not qualify -LSB- for the Olympics -RSB- , " Eger recalls . "  My dream was totally shattered . " Eger was a Hungarian Jew , the youngest of three daughters , living in a town called Kosice in what is modern-day Slovakia . Her father was a tailor ; her mother , a civil servant . It was n't until March 1944 , late in World War II , that Eger says Hungarian Nazis came to her house and arrested her family . The Jews in Hungary were among the last of Europe 's Jewish communities to be targeted by the Nazis . The family was taken to other internment centers before they were finally loaded into a train and shipped to the Auschwitz concentration camp in Poland , occupied by Nazi Germany . "  My mom held me in the cattle car , " Eger recalls . "  And she said , ` We do n't know where we 're going . We do n't know what 's going to happen . Just remember no one can take away from you what you put here in your own mind . ' " Upon arrival at the camp , Eger said Dr. Joseph Mengele , one of the Auschwitz complex 's top medical officers , stood at the end of a line of prisoners deciding who would go to the gas chambers and who would head for the prison barracks . "  He pointed to my mom to go to the left , and I followed my mom , " Eger says . "  And Dr. Mengele grabbed me -- I never forget that eye contact -- and he said ` You 're going to see you mother soon , she 's just going to take a shower . ' " It was the last time Eger saw her parents . They died in the gas chambers of Auschwitz along with more than a million other Jews . But that would not be the ballerina 's final encounter with the infamous SS doctor who later became known the "  Angel of Death . " "  Dr. Mengele came to the barracks and wanted to be entertained , " Eger says . Fellow inmates "  volunteered " Eger to perform for the man who had ordered her parents ' death . She asked her captors to play the Blue Danube Waltz as she danced for one of the worst war criminals of the Holocaust . "  I was so scared , " Eger says . "  I closed my eyes , and I pretended that the music was Tchaikovsky , and I was dancing ` Romeo and Juliet ' in the Budapest opera house . " The German doctor rewarded the Jewish girl with an extra ration of bread , which she later shared with the girls in her prison quarters . Eger says months later , those same girls rescued her when she nearly collapsed from disease and starvation during a forced death march through Austria . "  They formed a chair with their arms , and they carried me so I would n't die , " she says , adding , "  Is n't it important that the worst conditions really brought out the best in us ? " Decades after the horrors of the Holocaust , dance is still a passion . Eger 's house on a hill overlooking the Pacific Ocean is decorated with statues of ballerinas . Every Sunday , she says she goes swing-dancing to the music that American soldiers introduced her to when they liberated her in Austria in 1945 . "  I want to have a full life , not to be damaged goods , " she says . Perhaps that defiant spirit helped the teenager survive the horrors of World War II and later blossom as an emigre in the United States . Shortly after the war , Eger met and married a fellow Hungarian Jew who had been a partisan , anti-Nazi fighter . The young family moved with their infant daughter to the United States to escape communist rule in Hungary . "  She was very shy when I was growing up , " recalls Eger 's eldest daughter , Marianne who says her mother transformed in the 1970s , after a visit to Auschwitz . "  After that , she changed dramatically , " the daughter says . "  There had always been a bit of sadness behind her eyes , and afterwards , it was gone . I think it did free her , and she became who she is now . " It was also in the 1970s that Eger began studying psychology . Decades later , she still works as a clinical psychologist , running a practice out of her home in La Jolla . Her specialty involved treating patients suffering from post traumatic stress disorder . "  She evolved at a time as a psychologist when PTSD was n't even on the map , " says Dr. Saul Levine , professor emeritus in psychiatry at the University of California at San Diego , who has known and worked with Eger for more than 20 years . "  She is an expert by definition almost by having had that experience herself but also relating to it in a clinical way , as well as in a deeply personal way , " Levine said . Throughout her career in psychology , Eger has done extensive consulting work with the U.S. military , treating American veterans of wars in Vietnam , Iraq and Afghanistan . She has also helped set up shelters for female victims of domestic abuse . "  Auschwitz gave me a tremendous gift in some ways , that I can guide people to have resilience and perseverance , " Eger says . In time , Eger also become a motivational public speaker , performing a Ted Talk and giving speeches at schools and universities . She litters her Hungarian-accented English with aphorisms aimed at mental healing . "  Self love is self care , " she tells patients . "  The biggest concentration camp is in our mind . " "  She blew me away with her extraordinary optimism and energy , " Levine says , recalling the first time he saw Eger speaking to an audience . "  She is a force of nature . " Seventy years after the liberation of Auschwitz , this Holocaust survivor 's greatest pride and joy are clearly her three great-grandchildren . "  That 's the best revenge to Hitler I can think of , " says the dancer , pointing at one of several portraits of her smiling great-grandchildren in her office .	Edith Eva Eger was taken to Auschwitz when she was 16 Dr. Mengele , the "  angel of death , " had prisoners entertain him Long after Auschwitz was liberated , Eger still finds joy in dance
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombia will freeze prices for gasoline and other petrofuels through March , the government has announced . Hernan Martinez Torres , in a photo from September , says gas prices will be frozen in Colombia through March . The freeze takes effect Thursday and sets prices at December levels , the minister of mines and energy said Monday . The measure will be funded through a $ 170 million Fund for the Stabilization of Prices for Combustibles , which goes into effect January 1 , a release on the Colombian president 's Web site says . "  All this is being done to give consumers a clear signal of stability , " Minister of Mines and Energy Hernan Martinez Torres is quoted as saying in El Pais newspaper . Gas prices also will not decrease , although there has been a significant drop in crude oil prices in the past few months , Martinez said . The price freeze pertains to gasoline , biogasoline  oxygenated gasoline  , a product called ACPM  combustible oil for motors  , and the mix of ACPM and biodiesel . For the time being , El Pais said , only propane will see a decrease in price , with the price going down 25 percent . It 's the second price drop for propane , which decreased 10 percent in November .	Price freeze on gas , other fuels takes effect Thursday , runs through March Freeze is to give consumers "  a signal of stability , " energy minister tells newspaper Gas prices ca n't rise or fall under the freeze , Hernan Martinez Torres says Price freeze does n't affect propane ; its price is set to drop 25 percent , paper reports
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One of the the country 's most powerful unions stepped up its campaign for a hotly disputed labor bill Monday , holding a rally on the eve of the bill 's formal introduction in Congress . Workers rally in support of the Employee Free Choice act in Lafayette Square in Washington on Monday . The legislation -- the Employee Free Choice Act -- would create an alternate process for bringing a union into a workplace . It is supported by President Barack Obama and the Democratic congressional leadership , but is fiercely opposed by most congressional Republicans and corporate leaders , who fear it will saddle a sagging business community with new burdens at the worst possible time . Business leaders "  believe in this old market-worshipping , privatizing , deregulating , trickle-down -LSB- policy -RSB- that took the greatest economy on the Earth and sent it staggering forward because of their greed and their selfishness , " declared Service Employees International Union President Andy Stern . "  Without the Employee Free Choice Act ... the rich will get richer and the rest of us will fend for ourselves . " Sterns issued his warning as his 1.8 million-member union prepared for a daylong Capitol Hill lobbying blitz on behalf of the bill Tuesday . Democrats and Republicans may disagree sharply over the merits of the legislation , but leaders on both sides of the aisle freely admit it has the potential to significantly reshape the balance of power between business and labor for the first time in years . The controversial act would allow employees to signal support for unionizing by openly signing a card demanding it . If a majority signed , the company involved would have 90 days to negotiate union representation . It would also stiffen federal laws barring employers from intimidating or firing workers who try to bring in a union . The traditional option to vote by secret ballot would still be available . But critics say the measure -- dubbed the "  card check " bill by its opponents -- would effectively eliminate union elections , removing a fundamental hard-earned right of workers and forcing some workers into unions they do n't want to join . Some corporate leaders have reacted angrily against the measure . If a retailer has not gotten involved with fight over this bill , he "  should be shot , " Bernie Marcus , co-founder and former CEO of The Home Depot , said during a conference call about the act last October . Retailers who do n't speak out against it "  should be thrown out of their goddamn jobs . " "  This is how a civilization disappears , " Marcus said . "  I 'm sitting here as an elder statesman , and I 'm watching this happen , and I do n't believe it . " Dave Bego , a business owner in Indianapolis , Indiana , shares Marcus ' concern . Bego is the owner of EMS , which provides janitors to businesses around the country . The family-owned company has been under fire from the SEIU , which argues that EMS intimidates , harasses and violates the rights of workers wanting to unionize . It has made the company a target of repeated protests for about three years . Bego said the claims are unfounded , and it 's the union that has harassed him . He said the union has sent his clients threatening letters for using his company , staged noisy protests , confronted employees , blocked building entrances and even released balloons in a client 's building to disrupt business . But he told CNN his workers do n't want a union because they make more in pay and benefits without having to pay SEIU 's labor dues . "  We have several hundred people working for us in Indianapolis -LSB- alone -RSB- , " Bego said . "  They 've been after us for almost three years , and they 've got only about 10 or 12 people interested in what they said . If our people really needed protecting , do n't you think they 'd be out in mass droves in the street with the union protesting EMS ? Do you think we 'd still be in business ? I do n't think so . " But union workers CNN talked to say workers at EMS are afraid to speak out because they might get fired , as Shaneka Brown said she was . "  We 're not the only ones , " Brown said . "  There are millions of other janitors and millions and millions of other companies that are going through same " kinds of things . And that , says Stern , is why the Free Choice Act is so critical . The SEIU president claims the legislation merely provides employees who have been intimidated by their employers an opportunity to freely and openly support a union . "  This is workers ' choice , " Stern said in February . "  They can have a secret ballot , or they can legally affirm by a majority of them signing cards . " Observers believe Stern 's union has the muscle to push the legislation through the Democratically controlled Congress . The SEIU was the largest contributor to Democratic campaigns this election , pumping $ 85 million into campaigns and get-out-the-vote drives . The union said 2,000 members temporarily gave up their jobs to work for Obama 's election . Now "  we have a friend in the White House , " Stern declared Monday . "  Thank God for Barack Obama . " CNN 's Drew Griffin , Marcus Hooper and Kathleen Johnston contributed to this report .	One of largest unions holds rally in support of Employee Free Choice Act Bill would let employees openly sign a card demanding a union If a majority sign , company would have 90 days to negotiate Home Depot CEO , critic of bill says "  this is how a civilization disappears "
