CNN  -- Almost a year to the day after learning he had the deadliest form of brain cancer , Steve Holl was dancing at his daughter Eryn 's wedding . "  To have my dad there was just one of those moments where you really want to stop time , " Eryn Holl says . "  You want to look at him and hold on tight . " Fewer than one in three patients with Holl 's type of cancer , a glioblastoma , have traditionally survived a year , let alone been well enough to dance . But Holl , 61 , has something going for him beyond radiation and chemotherapy -- a custom-made vaccine . Holl  pronounced Hall  received the vaccine as part of a clinical trial at the University of California San Francisco . "  The approach that we take is we actually do the surgery . We take the tumor out , and then we make the vaccine directly from that individual patient 's tumor . And then give that vaccine back to the patient , " says Dr. Andrew Parsa , who heads the trial . Glioblastomas have been particularly deadly because no matter how skilled , neurosurgeons can not remove the entire tumor . Some cancer cells remain hidden in the brain and eventually grow back -- usually within months . It 's in the family of brain cancers that claimed the life of Sen. Ted Kennedy . So far , Parsa 's ongoing clinical trial is beating those odds . More than a year into the trial , none of the eight patients who have received vaccines made from their tumors has seen cancer return . "  It 's really , really encouraging , " Parsa says , adding that it 's too early to draw any big conclusions . The vaccines are designed to alert the body to cells that do n't belong and trigger the body 's immune system to attack multiple points on the cancer cells . How many vaccine doses patients receive depend on how much of the tumor surgeons are able to remove . Holl had the first of 14 vaccine doses in February . Using a vaccine to fight cancer makes sense to Holl , a biologist who lives in Folsom , California . "  Smallpox works , polio works , " says Holl . "  You 're allowing your own body to combat the cancer , which is an irregularity anyway . " Parsa envisions someday treating glioblastomas as a chronic disease , rather than a death sentence . "  I do n't think that it 's appropriate to use the word cure with glioblastoma . We really want to turn this into a chronic disease like hypertension or diabetes that allows you to take medicine to live a normal life , " he says . Parsa 's research is being funded by a combination of federal grants and donations from advocacy groups such as the National Brain Tumor Society . "  This trial would not have happened without the support of patient advocacy groups , " Parsa says . In addition to UCSF , Columbia University and Case Western Reserve University are also testing the vaccine , and the clinical trial may expand to more hospitals . In the past month , Holl has walked Eryn down the aisle and celebrated his 36th wedding anniversary . He is upbeat about the future . "  I 'm really hopeful that the vaccine works and I can get another 20 years of life , " Holl says .	Clinical trial to treat glioblastomas tests vaccines made from patients ' own tumors No patients who received vaccines have seen their cancers return The vaccines alert the body 's immune system to attack multiple points on the cancer cells . Using a vaccine to fight cancer makes sense to Steve Holl , a biologist who lives in California
CNN  -- New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft would rather make a donation to charity than invest millions of dollars in a top European soccer club because the economics of football make no business sense . Analzying football 's business model , Kraft insisted he would not follow the example of Abu-Dhabi owned English Premier League winners Manchester City , which has ran up huge losses -- $ 300 million for the last financial year  the highest figure in English football history  -- to assemble a championship team . "  Manchester City won the championship this year and I hear they 're going to lose $ 156 million . I would rather give that money to charity if I had it . I want every business to stand on its own , " the 71-year-old , told CNN . In the U.S. team sports such as American football , basketball and baseball are governed by a salary cap , which limits the amount of money a team can spend on players ' wages . It was the absence of such a salary cap in the Premier League that deterred Kraft from investing in Liverpool , which was ultimately purchased in October 2010 by the Kraft Group chairman and CEO 's compatriot John W Henry -- the owner of the Boston Red Sox baseball franchise -- from Americans Tom Hicks and George Gillett . Football culture : Warrior or tika taka technician ? "  I would only do it , if there was a salary cap . It 's the same thing I said three years ago , " said Kraft , who completed a then record purchase of NFL franchise the Patriots in 1994 . "  We could have bought Liverpool before the two ownership groups who preceded us and in the end I do n't want to compete in a business where people throw money at something . "  I want to be able to compete , " added Kraft . "  The fans in Liverpool are awesome and they are expecting to win every year , and if you are competing with people who have different rules then it makes it difficult . " Drogba deal : China 's vanity project ? The former Patriots season-ticket holder argued that the lack of a salary cap combined with other clubs ' decisions to run up significant levels of debt ensured that there was not a level playing field in English football . "  We have the resources to do it , it 's just I choose not to do it. , " said Kraft , who was speaking in London , where he is taking in the tennis at Wimbledon for the 38th consecutive year . "  I do n't want to be in a business that does not stand on its own , I want every business to stand on its own , and for ego reasons I 'm not willing to lose that kind of money . "  The only way I would go into a sports business is to win . And , I do n't think I can compete on an equal footing so I choose not to do it . " Elsewhere in the English Premier League , Tottenham 's Wales international Gareth Bale has signed a new four-year contract with the London club .	Robert Kraft would rather give $ 100m to charity than invest it in soccer Kraft is the owner of NFL franchise the New England Patriots The 71-year-old has considered purchasing EPL team Liverpool Kraft said the absence of a salary cap in English football put him off investing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama said Thursday that the most important thing he could achieve as president would be to deal with Iraq and the threat of al Qaeda in Afghanistan while improving "  our influence around the world . " Sen. Barack Obama , in his first interview since the North Carolina and Indiana primaries , speaks with Wolf Blitzer . In his first interview since the North Carolina and Indiana primaries , Obama said he thinks the United States ' influence around the world has been diminishing . "  The world wants to see the United States lead . They 've been disappointed and disillusioned over the last seven , eight years , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in an interview on "  The Situation Room . " "  I think there is still a sense everywhere I go that if the United States regains its sense of who it is and our values and our ideals , that we will continue to set the tone for a more peaceful and prosperous world . " Watch the full interview with Obama " Obama said he thinks the way the war in Iraq has been handled has kept the United States from focusing on key issues like energy policy , global warming and the economy . Americans want to succeed , he said , "  but we 're going to have to make some investments and ensure that the dynamism and the innovation of the American people is released . " "  It 's very hard for us to do that when we 're spending close to $ 200 billion a year in other countries , rebuilding those countries instead of focusing on making ourselves strong , " he said . Obama downplayed headlines and stories , such as the cover of Time magazine , that have declared him the Democratic presidential nominee . "  I do n't want to be jinxed . We 've still got some work to do , " he said . Watch an analysis of some of Obama 's comments " Obama predicted that he and Sen. Hillary Clinton would probably split the remaining contests and said Clinton would win the upcoming primary in West Virginia by a "  big margin . " Obama won North Carolina by a 14-point margin Tuesday . Clinton squeaked out a win in Indiana by 2 points . In the days after those contests , some top Democrats have called on Clinton to step aside . Obama deflected a question about a potential joint ticket with the New York senator , saying it 's too early to start thinking about running mates . "  Sen. Clinton has shown herself to be an extraordinary candidate . She 's tireless , she 's smart , she 's capable , and so obviously she 'd be on anybody 's short list to be a potential vice presidential candidate , " he said . "  But it would be presumptuous of me at this point ... to somehow suggest that she should be my running mate . " Watch viewer responses to question : Should Obama offer Clinton the No. 2 spot ? " Terry McAuliffe , a former Democratic National Committee chairman and a co-chairman of Clinton 's campaign , commented Thursday on the possibility of a joint ticket . "  I think what she 's interested in being the nominee of the party . ... We 're fighting hard for it . This woman has been working tirelessly through this campaign . ... Hillary has earned the right to do whatever she wants to do . " Obama said he 's ready for what would be the next phase if he becomes the nominee : a matchup against Sen. John McCain , the presumptive GOP candidate . Obama said he was offended when McCain said last month , "  It 's very clear who Hamas wants to be the next president . " "  I think it 's disappointing because John McCain always says , ` Well , I 'm not going to run that kind of politics , ' and then to engage in that kind of smear I think is unfortunate , particularly since my policy on Hamas has been no different than his , " Obama said . "  And so for him to toss out comments like that , I think , is an example of him losing his bearings as he pursues this nomination . " When asked to respond to McCain supporters -- such as former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney -- who have said Obama is not ready to be commander in chief , the senator from Illinois said he thinks what people are looking for is "  good judgment . " "  I think I 've consistently displayed the kind of judgment that the American people are looking for in the next president , " he said . Watch Obama say why he 's qualified to be president " Romney responded later on "  The Situation Room , " saying "  The truth of the matter is just as I said , that he does n't have a record of accomplishments in the private sector or in the governmental sector ... has n't pushed a major piece of legislation . "  He seems like a charming guy who 's very well-spoken . But in terms of actually having led , actually having accomplished something , actually having a kind of leadership that America needs at a critical time with our economy ... he 's untested . ... Frankly , Sen. McCain is someone who is tested and very proven , " he added .	Obama says he thinks U.S. influence has been diminishing Candidate downplays notion that he is already the Democratic nominee Obama says it 's too early to discuss potential running mates Clinton camp says she 's "  fighting hard " to be nominee , not running mate
WASHINGTON  CNN  Gov. Chris Christie said President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address was "  a bit disconnected from reality , " arguing that it felt like a "  campaign speech " and that the President failed to strike a tone of unity . "  I thought the most ironic part of what the President said last night was when he said he ran his last campaign , " the New Jersey Republican told reporters in Washington on Wednesday morning . "  It sounded to me like a campaign speech last night , like the '04 speech , like the '08 speech . " When Obama said he had run his final campaign Tuesday night , some members of the audience applauded . Obama quickly shot back : "  I know , because I won both of them . " Christie 's comments came after he spent two hours in a Capitol Hill row house , meeting with a few dozen House GOP lawmakers , as well as Republican Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois . "  Obama  had an opportunity to try to unite the country last night and he did n't take it , " Christie said . Billed an informal meet-and-greet , the event was arranged by Rep. Candice Miller of Detroit , who said she likes Christie 's "  blunt " style and wanted to provide an opportunity for him to spell out his vision for the future of the party and to meet other lawmakers . "  I like straight talkers , " she said , "  In my county ... we like blunt . It sells well there . We want the unvarnished truth . We know what the challenges are . We want someone who can tell us how to solve those challenges . " Christie , who was also in the area to attend incoming Gov. Larry Hogan 's inauguration ceremony in Maryland , said he focused his message on governing . "  They have an obligation to govern and they need to govern in a way they think is in the best interest of the country , " he said , adding that he knew most of the people in attendance . After the House members left , Christie spent close to half an hour with Kirk . The senator told reporters that he 's been talking to the governor about foreign affairs and they specifically discussed his amendment that would impose sanctions on Iran if the country does n't agree to a new deal to limit its nuclear weapons program . Kirk is sponsoring the legislation with Democratic Sen. Bob Menendez of New Jersey . As Christie prepares for a potential presidential bid , he 's been trying to boost his foreign policy credentials . The governor 's traveling to the United Kingdom next month , making his third foreign trip since September . Miller said Christie talked about national security and the threat of ISIS during the event , but did not offer specifics . Rep. Tom Reed , R-New York , said Christie "  had a good message about the future " and felt "  impressed by his delivery . " "  As he 's preparing for his decision , he 's definitely evolving into a very creditable , national candidate , " he said . "  One of the things I learned today is that he 's clearly committed to the collaborative approach , trying to build networks of influencers , and that 's very helpful in this town , " Reed continued . "  The way you get things done here is you build relationships , and that was part of the effort here . " Rep. Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania said the main message he took away from Christie was that "  whatever it is you 're going to do , you 're going to have to win . " "  I 've often felt that the country was ready for a big guy with an attitude from Jersey , " Dent added . Other members who attended included Rep. Patrick Meehan , who co-hosted with Miller , Rep. Leonard Lance of New Jersey , Rep. Tom MacArthur of New Jersey , Rep. Ryan Costello of Pennsylvania , Rep. Tom Price of Georgia , Rep. Aaron Schock of Illinois , former Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan , Rep. Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey , and Rep. Frank LoBiondo of New Jersey .	Chris Christie said President Obama failed to strike a tone of unity in his State of the Union address Christie met with House GOP lawmakers in a Capitol Hill home Wednesday morning
CNN  -- Celebrities and their bodies . We 're obsessed . They 're obsessed . And it spills over to how many people feel about themselves . But how much concern over weight gain is about vanity and how much is about critical health issues ? Kathy Ireland says she 's more concerned about what weight gain does to her health than her appearance . On Monday 's "  Larry King Live , " Kathy Ireland and Bob Greene joined Larry to talk about the subject , prompted by Kirstie Alley 's well-publicized battle with weight . Ireland is a former supermodel and actress and has had her own weight issues . Greene is Oprah Winfrey 's personal trainer . The interview picks up here after King plays a clip from Alley 's appearance on the show last week . In the clip , Alley says her weight gain was "  humiliating . I think the biggest , most painful thing for me is I have all these people I inspired and then I let them down . " Watch Alley discuss weight gain " Larry King : Are we overly involved with this topic , Kathy ? Kathy Ireland : Well , I think we are for the wrong reasons . And I think there is such an obsession with appearance . With my weight gain , people wanted to know , well , when is she going to squeeze back into a bikini ? No . That is not what it 's about . But what people were n't asking me , what 's the triglyceride level ? What is the C reactive protein ? Larry , with your foundation and what you are doing to make heart health at the forefront of everyone 's mind , and Bob with your information about healthy living , it is so important . Heart disease is the number one killer of women in America . King : We 're not just talking aesthetics ? Bob Greene : No , we 're not . We run into problems any time we think weight is the problem . Weight is a symptom of something that needs to change in your life . King : Kathy , you -LSB- were an -RSB- internationally famous swimsuit model , and then you gained weight , right ? Ireland : The weight gain was gradual , about a pound a year for the past 25 years . I intentionally built a business that has absolutely nothing to do with my appearance . So I would think what does it matter ? My food choices . Well , what matters is what am I doing to my health ? And I encourage people -- you know , please do n't put it off . Every mom I know has a to-do list . Put yourself on that to-do list . Call your doctor tomorrow . Get an appointment . Find out what is the health of your heart . King : Is fluctuating weight like Kirstie Alley bad , Bob ? Greene : Well , there 's two sides to that story . First off , if you remain heavy , that 's when the most damage is done to your heart and the excessive health ramifications from keeping overweight . So as long as you 're watching , even if it 's yo-yo dieting , that 's healthier than the person that remains heavy . However , the best thing is to live the lifestyle of moving more and eating less and pursuing what it is that got you there in the first place . King : By the way , Bob 's posted an exclusive commentary for our blog . Read Bob Greene 's blog on CNN . Let 's take another look at a clip of Kirstie Alley talking with Oprah about her weight struggles . -LSB- video clip begins -RSB- Alley : And then when I gained weight the last time and lost it , I honest to God thought , this is it . This will be the last time I ever do this again . Winfrey : Yes . And now you know differently . But you knew because you had all that exercise equipment in your house , remember ? We went to your house , and there was all the exercise equipment in the living room . Alley : And I moved it out and made it a dining room . -LSB- video clip ends -RSB- King : That 's Kirstie sort of making fun of this , do n't you think ? Ireland : I appreciate her honesty and her openness . And Oprah , she has let us know that there 's no shame in a weight gain . With the picture that our son took of me , I was tempted to push the delete button . But , you know , beautiful people come in all shapes and sizes , ages and colors . But we 've got to get the message out about health . What kind of message is that sending to our children ? King : Kathy , are we getting better ? Ireland : I hope we 're getting better . I pray we 're getting better . We 've got to teach our children . We 've got to get the message out there for women , do n't beat yourself up . But please be healthy . Do n't put off your health . It 's too important . King : Do you notice more interest ? Greene : I see more interest in the foods we eat , but I see less interest in moving more , which is at least one-third of the problem , and even less interest in resolving the things in our life that drive us to the refrigerator . King : This is not purely American , is it ? Or is it ? Greene : No , it 's starting to shift over into Australia , New Zealand , overseas . So it 's not uniquely American .	Ex-model Kathy Ireland : Quit worrying about image , start taking care of your heart Oprah 's trainer Bob Greene : Weight gain often a signal of something else wrong Kirstie Alley 's battle with weight has people talking again about issue Ireland : "  Beautiful people come in all shapes and sizes , ages and colors "
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Even though Hurricane Alex was headed away from the site of the massive BP oil spill Wednesday , it was affecting containment and collection efforts on multiple fronts , Coast Guard officials said . Alex , upgraded from a tropical storm late Tuesday , was causing heavy seas throughout the Gulf of Mexico on Wednesday . That had several major consequences : Oil skimming ships had to return to shore , containment booms were thrown asunder and efforts to burn oil on the surface and break it down through dispersants were put on hold , along with efforts to position a third ship to collect oil at the spill site . "  Until the weather subsides , all we can do is have everything ready to attack and remove this oil once we have weather that 's more conducive , " said Rear Adm. Paul Zukunft , who delivered a briefing for the Coast Guard on Wednesday . "  We 've been held hostage for the last two days due to the prevailing weather , " he said . Alex -- the first hurricane of the Atlantic hurricane season -- was picking up speed and coming ashore in an unpopulated area of northeastern Mexico , some 100 miles south of the Texas border . It is a Category 2 storm with sustained winds of 100 mph . But even though the center of the storm is more than 600 miles from the spill site , it is producing high seas where the oil is located , according to CNN Meteorologist Chad Myers . Winds are 15 to 20 mph at the spill site , producing waves 6 to 8 feet high , he said . That poses a problem for the skimmers , Zukunft said . "  When seas get over 3 feet high , the skimmers become ineffective . They wind up gathering water and not oil , " he said . More than 500 skimmers , from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle , have been forced to return to shore . Also on hold : setting up another ship to contain oil at the spill site . BP has two vessels , the Discoverer Enterprise and the Q4000 , that are being used to contain oil . The company had hoped to bring in a third Tuesday called the Helix Producer , which would increase total containment capability to 53,000 barrels of oil per day . But crews need seas of less than 4 feet to make a connection to a coupler below the surface , according to Zukunft . BP now is aiming to complete the job by July 7 , he said . The Coast Guard official said the seas also have disrupted containment booms , meant to limit the amount of oil reaching shore . He said officials will be making an aerial survey of the situation Thursday . One thing that has not been affected -- BP 's effort to drill relief wells down to the area where oil is leaking . Weather would have to be very severe to affect that , according to Zukunft , and at this point , BP said it is on track to reach the area in August . The storm also is having an impact on where the massive oil spill is flowing . Previously , some oil had been reaching Pensacola Beach in Florida , but the storm 's prevailing southeast winds have drawn it more toward the environmentally sensitive Mississippi and Chandeleur sounds , off the coast of Mississippi and Louisiana , Zukunft said . Myers said that 's because the storm winds are moving counterclockwise in a huge arc . The strong winds are expected to blow for about three days , pushing the oil back to shore in the area where there already have been dramatic pictures of oil-drenched birds . The Coast Guard briefing came on a day of change for the service branch , as Adm. Thad Allen , who has been overseeing the cleanup effort for the government , officially retired from the Coast Guard . Allen will continue as the national incident commander for the spill , but as a civilian . The move was announced by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , who said in a statement , "  I commend Adm. Allen for nearly 40 years of dedicated military service in the Coast Guard . Throughout his career , our nation has turned to Thad Allen for leadership at times of great crisis , and this is one of those times . " She continued , "  Thad Allen has provided excellent leadership as the national commander of our massive response to the largest environmental disaster in our nation 's history , and he will continue to leverage his decades of experience in civilian duty as the national incident commander for this spill . " Adm. Robert Papp was sworn in as Coast Guard commandant on May 24 , when Allen left the Coast Guard 's top post as previously planned , to serve solely as national incident commander on the Gulf spill . Meanwhile , authorities also were busy preparing for future storms . Planners with the Louisiana governor 's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness this week created a hurricane evacuation plan with BP , said the office 's director , Mark Cooper . The plan , applicable for the entire hurricane season -- which ends November 30 -- calls for BP 's thousands of workers to leave the Louisiana coast at least 16 hours before officials begin evacuating residents . "  We ca n't have BP blocking our roadways with equipment and personnel , " said Cooper . It also designates 700 buses to be used only by disabled residents and calls for BP to be back on the scene combating the spill within 72 hours after a hurricane , said Cooper . Researchers have estimated that between 35,000 barrels  about 1.5 million gallons  and 60,000 barrels  about 2.5 million gallons  of oil are gushing into the gulf every day . CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Hurricane Alex hits shore in Mexico , 100 miles south of Texas border CNN Meteorologist Chad Myers says winds to push oil ashore for next three days Heavy seas affect cleanup and containment on several fronts Zukunft : Skimming task forces returned to shore
CNN  -- Within weeks of British student Meredith Kercher 's death in the vibrant college town of Perugia , Italy , prosecutors and police declared the case closed . They 'd seized two knives in their search for the murder weapon . They took DNA from the room where Kercher was killed . And at least one suspect had confessed to being at the murder scene . Or so they said . Kercher had been stabbed in a sexual misadventure , officials said . And they knew the killers . American Amanda Knox , Kercher 's roommate ; Italian Raffaele Sollecito , Knox 's boyfriend ; and Ivory Coast native Rudy Guede , a drifter known in the area , had their pictures splattered across the world 's media . Knox 's photo was even hung in the police plaza alongside Italy 's most infamous mobsters and criminals . The prosecution case seemed a sensational slam-dunk , almost too good to be true . Knox 's supporters say that 's because it is . "  In the beginning , all of this supposed evidence was being leaked , showing what sounded like a pretty convincing case , " Anne Bremner , a lawyer and former prosecutor working with the group Friends of Amanda , told CNN . The case could n't look more different depending on where you stand . Knox 's murder trial is entering its final stages , with closing arguments beginning November 20 . The jury will begin deliberating December 4 . But there is still no agreement on the key pieces of evidence that prosecutors say convict her and the defense says clear her . Behind the Scenes : How we examined the evidence In Knox 's corner : her friends and family from Seattle , Washington . For them , she is the victim - railroaded by an overzealous Italian prosecutor , who faces charges of prosecutorial misconduct in another case . Knox 's supporters say he 's tried to force the evidence to fit his theory of what happened . And with negative and often false details about the case appearing in the press - all for the jury to read - Knox supporters fear she could be convicted regardless of the facts . On the other side : Perugia 's prosecutor Giuliano Mignini . For him and his colleagues , the answer is simple - Guede , Knox and Sollecito are all responsible for leaving Kercher partially clothed , strangled and with her throat cut on November 2 , 2007 . See a timeline of the case The knife The crime scene was gruesome . The 21-year old British student was found under a duvet on the floor by her bed , covered in blood . A bloody handprint was streaked on the wall above her . A source close to the prosecution says Kercher was held down while she was strangled and stabbed . The source says Sollecito 's 6 1/2 - inch kitchen knife was used to slit her throat and then taken back to his apartment . It is perhaps the biggest piece of evidence the prosecution has presented against Knox . Knox 's DNA is on the handle and that of Kercher is on the blade , said a source close to the prosecution who did not wish to be identified discussing an ongoing case . Kercher had never been to Sollecito 's apartment and would n't have come in contact with the knife , he said , yet there was her DNA . Those "  unmistakable facts " show the knife played a role in the murder , the source said . Bremner and experts testifying for the defense say there is no way the knife could be the murder weapon . Dr. Carlo Torre , a leading forensics expert in Italy , testified that the knife taken from Sollecito 's apartment would n't have made the wounds on Kercher 's body . "  It does n't match the size or shape -LSB- of the wounds , -RSB- " Bremner told CNN . "  And Sollecito 's knife also does n't match a bloody outline of a knife left on the bedding . " Bremner , who offered her legal advice pro bono to the Knox family , questioned the validity of the DNA evidence , saying the knife had been "  improperly transported in a shoe box . " Watch Amanda Knox 's parents discuss the case Furthermore , Bremner said the jury heard from defense expert Sarah Gino , a geneticist and private coroner in Italy , who said that the DNA sample was too small to be definitive . Bremner said the presence of Knox 's DNA on the knife handle was no surprise , as the couple had dinner at his house occasionally . Prosecutors say just because the knife does n't match everything does n't mean it was n't used . The source close to the prosecution said it was possible , based on the wounds , that several different items made them . Damning DNA or ` Fellini Forensics ' On the night Kercher was killed , Knox and her boyfriend say they were at his house watching a movie and smoking hashish . Their recollection of events , they admitted , was hazy from the drugs , but both swore they went back to the house the next morning . Knox says she was unable to gain entry - and called police . For their case , prosecutors had to prove that Knox and Sollecito - who had recently started dating - were lying and place them at the home when Kercher was killed . Some reports spoke of a scurry of people - more than one - on the night of the murder around the house . It was a positive lead for prosecutor Mignini - but came to nothing in court . But the prosecution had more evidence in the form of a bra clasp , one that fell to the floor after the murderer cut Kercher 's bra in half before she was killed . And on it was Sollecito 's DNA . Bremner says that evidence on the clasp is fundamentally flawed , like much from the crime scene collection , calling the work "  Fellini forensics . " "  In the -LSB- crime scene -RSB- video , you can see it went from being white in color to nearly black because it got so dirty being moved around , " Bremner said of the clasp , noting that tainted the only evidence that placed Sollecito at the scene . Bremner described other errors she saw on the crime scene video . "  They were putting their fingers in Kercher 's wound , they were shaking out evidence , picking up hairs and dropping them , " she said . "  Some people did n't wear gloves or had their hair draping on the floor , they crashed into a window at one point and threw aside evidence . It was just wrong on all levels . " The prosecution source maintains the crime scene was handled properly , and the evidence shows what it shows . The source says it 's up to the defense to prove otherwise . Biggest case for Italy or the ` greatest travesty ' ever ? Knox 's introduction to the world came in a whirlwind of tabloid headlines . The prosecution touted hard evidence early that they said unquestionably showed they had their killers . There was a footprint in Knox and Kercher 's bathroom that was attributed to Sollecito - though later analysts admitted it belonged to Guede , who was convicted of Kercher 's murder in 2008 . The prosecution also presented what they called a confession by Knox , but Knox later said any apparent admission she was at the scene was made when investigators told her to imagine what she might have seen if she had been there . The argument became moot when a higher court ruled the alleged confession could not be used because the statement was made without an attorney or translator present . The tabloid headlines continue as the trial closes . Media around the world focus on Knox 's sexual history , what clothes she wears to court and whether a bump on her lip means the girl they dubbed "  Foxy Knoxy " has herpes . It 's all a distraction from the lack of evidence , Bremner said . "  It 's the greatest travesty of a prosecution ever , " Bremner said . "  It 's so ludicrous . You 've got to have a theory , or a motive , but the theory has to fit the facts somehow . And in this case , there 's no solid evidence , no motive and no match whatsoever . " Knox 's supporters maintain that the prosecution did get one thing right - putting Guede behind bars . He chose a fast-track trial , separate from Sollecito and Knox , and was convicted of murder and attempted sexual assault and sentenced to 30 years . They believe he was Kercher 's sole killer . He is appealing the verdict . They believe Knox and Sollecito are only being prosecuted because they were flaunted so publicly as the killers , and it would look bad for officials to admit they got it wrong . The prosecution source rejects that , and portrays Knox , Sollecito and Guede as three people who together ended the life of the young British woman . And they say the way Knox originally pointed the finger at another man - who was cleared with an alibi - shows she had something to hide . Both sides agree the truth is in the evidence , and it will soon be for the jury to decide which version they believe . CNN 's Hada Messia and Amy Sahba contributed to this report .	Trial of Amanda Knox , accused of murdering fellow student in Italy , is nearing end Key pieces of evidence that once seemed to signal closed case are disputed by defense Opposing sides argues over what is revealed by alleged murder weapon , DNA evidence
CNN  -- Posters portraying President Obama as a witch doctor may be racist , organizers of Tea Party protests say , but they reflect anger about where he is leading the country . A Tea Party rally protester holds a sign with President Obama depicted as a witch doctor . The posters , showing Obama wearing a feather headdress and a bone through his nose , have been popping up in e-mails , on Web sites and at Tea Party protests for weeks . The image has stoked debate and cast attention on the rallies , which have drawn people Tea Party organizers describe as on the fringe and not representative of the overall movement . Their general viewpoint , leaders say , is that there 's been too much federal government intervention , particularly concerning health care and taxes . The witch doctor imagery is blatantly racist , critics contend . Others remind that presidents get made fun off all the time , and the election of a black president has only made racially charged political satire more sensitive . While not denying the crudeness of the image , Tea Party organizers stressed that those who carry the signs are a few "  bad apples . " Watch how poster put spotlight on racism " "  That -LSB- witch doctor -RSB- image is not representative at all of what this movement is about , " said Joe Wierzbicki , a coordinator of the Tea Party Express , a three-week series of protests across the country . The anger the image portrays , however , "  says to me that a lot of people in this country are angry about the direction that the administration and Congress are taking us , " he said . "  And you 're going to see a wide expanse of those people , " he continued . "  Some are going to be more extreme . Most of them are going to be in the mainstream of American politics , as evidenced by Obama 's falling poll numbers . " An incendiary image such as witch doctor detracts from any hope for a cohesive message at the rallies , where many appear not to be associated directly with either the Republican or Democratic parties , said W. Joseph Campbell , a media professor at American University . And previous infringements of good taste do n't make it acceptable to Photoshop the president into a witch doctor . "  It 's true that presidents before have had to endure some rough stuff , and there 's nothing wrong with satire , " Campbell said . "  President Bush was morphed into Hitler . That was not excusable either . Just because it 's happened in the past does n't mean there is n't a line and it ca n't be crossed . " As a politics and African-American studies professor at Princeton University , Melissa Harris-Lacewell typically advocates discussion about the racist overtones in images or language bandied in public discourse . "  But I 'm concerned in the age of Obama , too many of our public conversations about policy have been limited to a kind of investigative effort to determine whether opposition to him is based on race or substantive disagreement , " she told CNN . "  The problem is , it can be both . " Harris-Lacewell points out that Obama made his African father a part of his campaign narrative . Now his critics are trying to mock that heritage . "  This witch doctor image is racist in a very specific way because of his proximity to Africa , " she said . "  You can imagine there would have easily been a time when -LSB- Jewish New York Mayor Michael -RSB- Bloomberg would have been portrayed in anti-Semitic ways . You can go back to political cartoons when Irish Democrats were mocked , Italians were lampooned . " Spelman College history professor William Jelani Cobb , who has written extensively about race and politics , points out the original Boston Tea Party was driven by colonists who frequently declared that they had been "  enslaved " by the king of England . The men who led that revolt dressed up as Native Americans when they dumped the tea into Boston Harbor in 1773 . Hard to pin down and a seeming catch-all for general anger at the government , the modern Tea Party movement is grounded the belief that the federal government should stay out of state business . But "  states ' rights is also an argument with a history tied to racial segregation during the civil rights ' era , " Harris-Lacewell said . And so it comes full circle . Cobb said Obama 's election has also rekindled the historic rancor some whites feel against successful blacks . "  There is lots of connective tissue here , " said Cobb . "  The Atlanta race riot of 1906 was partly about this . The upsurge of riots at the beginning of the 20th century was driven in part by the fact that blacks were perceived to be moving up in society -- at the expense of whites . The Atlanta race riot , which left 25 black people and two white people dead , was sparked by a series of false news reports about black people committing crimes , inciteful rhetoric from white politicians and an overall fear by whites that blacks were starting to make progress socially and politically in the south . "  Now we have a black president , which means , on its most basic level , that a black man has more power than any single white citizen in this country , " Cobb said . "  Whether people want to admit it or not , I suspect the Tea Party crowd believes that the currency of whiteness has been devalued . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts on race and politics There 's another wrinkle to the witch doctor controversy . Obama was mocked by some critics as the "  magical negro " during the campaign because he was perceived to be a solve-all to nation 's problems . "  This is an echo of the theme during the campaign when his opponents would ask ` Who is Barack Obama ? " Cobb said . "  At that point , it was part of a somewhat cynical attempt to depict him as vaguely foreign and unknown , " Cobb said . "  But now that he has control over actual policies , those views appear to have hardened , metastasized into something more vitriolic . "  Caricature is part of politics , but racist stereotyping is n't . "	Posters show President Obama with headdress , bone in his nose Witch doctor imagery suggests larger anger at government , Tea Party organizer says Expert : If movement wants to make a point , there is a better way Presidents long caricatured , but that does n't mean ' a line ca n't be crossed '
CNN  -- As residents of Toledo , Ohio , waited for word on when their water will be safe to drink , Mayor D. Michael Collins said Sunday morning that tests of the water supply were going to take longer than expected . He said results would likely be available Sunday afternoon but would not provide a specific timeline . As many as 400,000 people were told not to consume , cook with or even boil the tap water , after a toxin called microcystin was found in the water supply late Friday . Collins told reporters the advisories will remain in effect until at least Sunday evening . He said test results so far are "  trending in a very positive direction . " The tests are being done by the Environmental Protection Agency . Toledo 's drinking water comes from Lake Erie , where a harmful algae bloom that causes microcystin has been growing , according to a city spokeswoman . Several locations around the city have been designated as distribution centers for potable water , where members of the Ohio National Guard , fire officials and other first responders are giving out safe water . About 350 Ohio National Guardsmen have been activated by the governor , according to a U.S. Defense Department official , adding that they have set up three Reverse Osmosis Water Purification Unit sites at two high schools and a police facility . The guardsmen have also delivered ready-to-eat meals , the official said . Lining up for water On Sunday , at least one Toledo restaurant was open , despite the water issues . The Claddagh Irish Pub brought in about 400 gallons of water from Michigan , according to Janeil Mesteller , the area director for Northwest Ohio Claddagh Irish Pubs . According to Mesteller , the 400 gallons are for cleaning and the pub now has cases of bottled water also . The pub will do whatever it takes to stay open and serve customers , she said . They 're using disposable plastic plates and are "  feeding anyone who wants to be fed , " Mesteller said . Saturday morning , a line formed outside Walt Churchill 's Market & Pharmacy in Perrysburg , Ohio , before the business even opened . Toledo-area residents , desperate for clean water , bought all the bottled water inside , market co-owner Bob Carpenter said . Then , hearing that a water tank truck full of about 8,000 gallons had set up outside the store , more people descended on the oasis with empty jugs they could fill for $ 1 a gallon . About two-thirds of the Toledo area population is affected by the water warning . Ohio Gov. John Kasich issued a state of emergency for Fulton , Lucas and Wood counties . The potential contamination also affects four municipalities in Michigan , CNN affiliate WXYZ reported . There are no reports of anyone getting sick from the water , officials said . Harmful algal blooms When certain conditions are present , such as high nutrient or light levels , algae can reproduce rapidly , forming a dense population known as a "  bloom , " according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Testing is crucial because NOAA says it ca n't determine just from images whether blooms are toxic . Ingestion of the toxin can affect the liver and cause nausea , diarrhea , vomiting and even acute liver failure , according to NOAA . But the Ohio state emergency management agency said it is safe for adults to shower and for everyone to wash their hands . CNN 's David Shortell , Ryan Sloane , Barbara Starr , Marisa Marcellino , Donovan Long and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Test results on Toledo-area drinking water were not complete Sunday morning Water advisories will remain in effect until at least Sunday evening Tests showed microcystin , a toxin caused by algae blooms , in the water system
CNN Student News  -- August 27 , 2014 Drought in Guatemala , destructive monkeys in India , U.S. spy planes over Syria and a proposed disaster warning system in California : We 're covering a lot of ground this Wednesday . Our cost-free and commercial-free programming ties in to subjects like science , geography , civics , seismology and sociology . Please join us for an all-new edition of CNN Student News ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Manti Te'o -- one of the best defenders this season in college football -- defended himself in an ESPN interview , saying there was no way he was part of a hoax involving a deceased girlfriend . "  I was n't faking it , " Te'o told ESPN 's Jeremy Schaap in an off - camera interview highlighted on the network Friday night . "  I was n't part of this . " For days , the linebacker has been the subject of ridicule after reports surfaced that the girlfriend he 'd said died this fall of leukemia never existed . Te'o rose to national prominence by leading Notre Dame 's Fighting Irish to an undefeated regular season , amassing double-digit tackle games and becoming the face of one of the best defenses in the nation . As he and his team excelled , Te'o told interviewers in September and October that his grandmother and girlfriend -- whom he described as a 22-year-old Stanford University student -- had died within hours of each other . The twin losses inspired him to honor them with sterling play on the field , Te'o said . He led his team to a 20-3 routing of Michigan State after he heard the news . Opinion : Te'o tale a mirror to our gullibility ? "  I miss 'em , but I know that I 'll see them again one day , " he told ESPN . He was second in the Heisman Trophy race and led his team to the championship game , losing to Alabama . The fairy tale story ended Wednesday when sports website Deadspin published a piece dismissing as a hoax the existence of Te'o 's girlfriend and suggesting he was complicit . Te'o released a statement Wednesday saying he was a victim of a hoax , but Friday night was the first time he publicly addressed the issue . "  When  people  hear the facts , they 'll know , " Te'o told ESPN . "  They 'll know that there is no way that I could be part of this . " After a 2Â 1/2 - hour interview , veteran sports reporter Schaap said Te'o 's story sounded convincing . "  He made a very convincing witness to his defense , " Schapp said on ESPN . "  He answered all my questions pretty convincingly . If he is making up his side of the story , he is a very convincing actor . " The twisted tale of Te'o and the mystery woman named Lennay Kekua has left many with questions . Te'o sought to answer many of them Friday night . Timeline : How the story unfolded Who created the hoax ? Te'o told Schaap that the hoax was created by a man named Ronaiah Tuiasosopo and that Te'o had no role in creating the hoax . He said Tuiasosopo contacted him Wednesday via Twitter and explained that he created the hoax and he apologized , Schaap said . Tuiasosopo told Te'o he created the hoax along with another man and a woman , ESPN reported . CNN has not seen the tweets Te'o allegedly got from Tuiasosopo . "  Two guys and a girl are responsible for the whole thing , " Te'o said , according to ESPN . CNN went to the California home of Tuiasosopo , where Titus Tuiasosopo , Ronaiah 's father , declined to comment . "  But just wait ,  the truth  will all come out , " he said . "  God knows our character . People are going to say what people are going to say . " Ronaiah Tuiasosopo was named in the Deadspin article . Notre Dame 's investigation into the matter confirmed that two men and a woman , including Tuiasosopo , were behind the hoax , a source with knowledge of the matter told CNN . The source requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . A woman pretending to be Kekua called Te'o last month , claiming she had faked her death last fall because she was afraid of drug dealers , the source said . Following that December 6 conversation , Te'o went to his coaches with the story , which spurred Notre Dame to hire outside investigators to look into it . The investigation began the day after Christmas , and the results were presented January 4 , days before the national championship game that Te'o 's team lost . Who 's who on the Internet ? Who knows Why did relatives say they had met her ? In September and October , when the story of Te'o and his girlfriend received a lot of press attention , several stories appeared about how they met . One in October by Indiana 's South Bend Tribune , the newspaper of Notre Dame 's hometown , said the couple met at a football game in Palo Alto , California , in 2009 . Te'o 's father was quoted in the article saying they exchanged phone numbers and a love affair began . On Friday , Te'o said he lied to his father about meeting Kekua because he was embarrassed to tell his family he was in love with a woman he 'd never met . The hoax over social media "  I knew that -- I even knew that it was crazy that I was with somebody that I did n't meet , " he told ESPN . "  And that alone , people find out that this girl who died I was so invested in , and I did n't meet her as well . " The lie he told his father led his family to tell reporters that Te'o had met his girlfriend , he told ESPN . The calls from the woman continued after December 6 , but Te'o did not answer , Notre Dame athletic director Jack Swarbrick told reporters this week . At that point , Te'o confided in his parents and at least two friends and a girlfriend he had at the time about the calls , the source with knowledge of the matter told CNN . He and the "  real " girlfriend have since ended that relationship . The Heisman Trophy was awarded December 8 , and Te'o continued to make comments about losing his girlfriend . In the ESPN interview , Te'o said he was n't fully convinced it was a hoax until Wednesday , Schaap said . Woman says her picture was part of hoax , though she did n't know Te'o One woman whose photos were part of the hoax says that she was exploited herself . Donna Te'i told CNN earlier this week that she 'd never talked to Te'o , nor did she have any involvement in the online plot involving the Notre Dame player and the woman he believed was his girlfriend . But the 26-year-old woman is part of the story . She was identified in pictures linked to a Twitter account using the name uilanirae , which has since been taken down , as the sister of the apparently nonexistent girlfriend known as Lennay Kekua , according to Deadspin . Donna Te'i acknowledged she was portrayed in the online images as Kekua 's sister , but not of her own accord . Her father , Luteru Lou Te'i -- who spoke to CNN on Saturday , as his daughter was not at home -- said these pictures were illicitly taken from the Facebook page of another of his daughters . Donna Te'i herself met Ronaiah Tuiasosopo -- the Samoan-American , like her , who Mantei Te'o said created the hoax -- years ago through an acquaintance , and they came into contact again following the August death of her boyfriend , former University of Southern California football standout Fred Matua . Mutua was eulogized by Ronaiah 's father , the Rev. Titus Tuiasosopo , according to Luteru Lou Te'i , who lives with his daughter in Carson , California . At some point , pictures of Donna Te'i became part of the scheme . Luteru Lou Te'i , 51 , said his daughter believes Ronaiah Tuiasosopo was responsible , since he called her later to apologize for using her image . "  I ... do n't know what his motive was , but  Tuiasosopo  admitted to her that he did it , " said Luteru Lou Te'i , noting this conversation happened "  way before the story broke . " Donna Te'i has been "  distraught " since Deadspin first ran with the story , according to her father . Ronaiah Tuiasosopo and his family have not responded to CNN requests for comment on this and other allegations tied to the hoax . CNN 's Stan Wilson , Sara Weisfeldt , Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Phil Gast and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : A woman whose picture is tied to the scheme says she was exploited Manti Te'o talks to ESPN about hoax , telling the network , "  I was n't faking it " Notre Dame 's investigation backs Te'o claim of two men , one woman behind hoax Te'o rose to national prominence by leading the Fighting Irish to an undefeated regular season
CNN  -- The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is arguably the greatest mystery in the history of commercial flight , with an extensive search failing to turn up a single piece of definitive evidence of its whereabouts . On Sunday , the search vessel GO Phoenix is expected to arrive at its designated search area in the southern Indian Ocean to begin the next phase of the search . The ship , and two others which will arrive within the month , will conduct detailed sonar sweeps in an attempt to locate wreckage of the plane . Here 's where we are with the search for MH370 . What happened initially ? Around 1:30 a.m. on March 8 , air traffic controllers in Subang , outside Kuala Lumpur , lost contact with Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , a Boeing 777-200ER , over the sea between Malaysia and Vietnam . The plane 's transponder , which identifies the aircraft and relays details like altitude and speed to controllers , stopped transmitting , and the passenger jet seemingly disappeared without a trace . Planes and ships from 14 countries initially searched areas of the South China Sea , south of Vietnam and the Malaysian peninsula . The search was then widened and then shifted location as it was determined that the plane diverted south . Since then resources have been focused on a swathe of the Indian Ocean , around 2000 km  1242 miles  off the west coast of Australia , the so-called "  seventh arc . " What has been done in the Indian Ocean so far ? After seven weeks of intense but fruitless searching , the international air effort to find the plane ended in late April , shifting the focus to an underwater search . Hopes were raised in May as radio beacon signals -- "  pings " -- were thought to have been detected , but the area where the pings were thought to originate from was discounted in May . Since the active search was postponed , the Australian government has been creating an accurate survey of the sea floor in the search area . One ship , from Dutch surveying company Fugro , continues to map the underwater topography . To date , over 111,000 square kilometers of the wide search area have been analyzed and mapped by the Australian government and its contractors . The existing data for the sea floor in that area is at a very low resolution , says Stuart Minchin , head of the Environmental Geoscience Division of Geoscience Australia , the agency overseeing the mapping process . Getting an accurate picture is crucial as the drones that will be conducting the underwater sonar search in the upcoming phase will need to be guided with precision to avoid damage . "  In the second phase of the search , which involves towing devices close to the sea bed to get a very fine resolution picture of what 's down there it 's important to have that level of detail so we do n't run into objects , " he said . "  It 's a long way from shore at very significant depths so it 's a logistical challenge . It 's unprecedented in terms of doing a survey of this size and in this remote location . " It has been an involved , long and difficult process . "  The recently acquired  underwater survey  data has revealed many of these seabed features for the first time , " the Australian Transport Safety Bureau  ATSB  , the agency leading the search , said in a statement . The survey also reveals finer features that were not visible in previous , low-resolution survey data . At the request of the Malaysian government , the Australian government -- in particular the Australian Transport Safety Bureau  ATSB  -- has been tasked with leading the search . "  The complexities surrounding the search can not be understated , " the ATSB says . "  It involves vast areas of the Indian Ocean with only limited known data and aircraft flight information . " What happens next ? The Australian government said in August that it has picked Fugro Survey , a Dutch company for the mapping and the next phase of undersea search , along with a vessel , the GO Phoenix , supplied by the Malaysian government . The latter will , weather permitting , arrive at its assigned search zone late Sunday and , will deploy towed sonar to begin the search on on Monday and will conduct search activity for 12 days before going to Fremantle , in Western Australia , for resupply . The search vessel will be joined by the two Dutch ships , the Fugro Discovery and the Fugro Equator , later in the month . The Equator is currently finishing up detailed mapping of the search zones . "  The current plan envisages that we will progressively cover our priority search areas over the course of about a year , " Martin Dolan , Chief Commissioner and CEO of the ATSB , told CNN by phone . What we know is that the aircraft will be found close to the arc , the final attempt at communication between the aircraft systems and ground stations . We 've done progressively more refined and detailed analysis of the other satellite information that has enabled us to prioritise  search areas  along that arc . "  We have a high probability that the aircraft will be found at the southern end of that long arc . We now know in considerable detail what almost all of the search area looks like , we 've mapped these in detail . We can tow our sonar equipment about 100 meters  329 ft  from the ocean floor in confidence that we wo n't run into any unexpected obstacles . " What happens if/when the wreckage is found ? Dolan says that it largely depends on where , and how , the plane is found . The Australian contingent , he says , is still discussing plans with their Malaysian colleagues on how to proceed in the event of a positive identification of plane wreckage . "  If you have a debris field identified , to be able to know what to do with it requires careful mapping and photographing , which will take up to a month , " he says . "  Until we 've got that largely completed we wo n't understand the sequence of what we 're able to do in relation to wreckage and human remains . " What happens if they do n't find it within the current search timetable ? There is $ 60 million  $ 52.8 mil  earmarked by the Australian government for mapping and underwater search , and Australian expenditure is to be matched by Malaysian government . It is a significant resource upon which to draw , Dolan says . However , "  if at the end of that we have n't found the aircraft , then it 's really going to be a matter for governments to decide what 's next what resources they might wish to supply and I ca n't really preempt what that discussion might be . "	Next phase of search operations set to begin , with underwater sonar drogues to be deployed Search follows intensive sonar mapping of a huge area of seabed in the southern Indian Ocean MH370 disappeared without a trace over six months ago Even after an intensive search , nothing was found
CNN  -- Roger Federer began his bid for a record-equaling seventh Wimbledon title with a straight-sets victory in his opening match in windy conditions in England on Tuesday . The Swiss world No. 3 , seeded outside the top two for the first time since his first success in south-west London in 2003 , beat Kazakhstan 's Mikhail Kukushkin 7-6  7-2  6-4 6-2 . Federer will next play France 's 55th-ranked Adrian Mannarino as he seeks to join Open Era record-holder Pete Sampras and William Renshaw  1881-1889  at the top of the grass-court event 's roll of honor . "  The first rounds here at Wimbledon on Centre Court are never easy , " he told the ATP Tour website . Isner wins rematch of 2010 Wimbledon marathon "  They 're somewhat nerve-wracking because you do n't get a chance to practice on the Centre Courts here . So I 'm happy I was able to come through in three sets this time around . " Federer was playing his first event since ending Novak Djokovic 's 43-match winning run at the French Open , where he then lost in the final to Rafael Nadal . "  It feels like if things go well for me I can go extremely far here , whereas at Roland Garros I feel it 's a bit more on other opponents ' rackets , " the 16-time grand slam champion said . "  But here I feel it 's a bit more on mine . That 's why I 'll always play with some pressure here at Wimbledon just because of the occasion and what it means to me . I was nervous going out in today 's match . " Federer : I can beat Djokovic anywhere World No. 2 Djokovic bounced back to winning ways in his first match since his Paris disappointment , beating unseeded Frenchman Jeremy Chardy 6-4 6-1 6-1 in one hour and 20 minutes on Centre Court after Federer 's match . The Serbian , seeking to reach his first Wimbledon final , won 14 of the last 16 games to set up a second-round clash with big-serving South African Kevin Anderson or Ukraine 's Illya Marchenko . "  When this streak ended in Paris , it was kind of a relief because it 's been a very successful five or six months for me , but very long as well and exhausting , " Djokovic said . "  I 've played so many matches . So I needed some time to relax , and I 'm happy to see that I 'm playing well again and that I 'm mentally really fresh to have more success . "  I 'm very satisfied with the way I started the tournament . This performance was great . My serve was very accurate in quite difficult conditions for both of us because we had to face the strong wind . " Fifth seed Robin Soderling won his opening match , beating Germany 's Philipp Petzschner 6-4 6-4 2-6 7-6  7-5  to set up a clash with 2002 champion Lleyton Hewitt of Australia -- who defeated Japan 's Kei Nishikori in four sets . Seventh seed David Ferrer also progressed , beating France 's Benoit Paire 6-4 6-4 6-4 , and the Spaniard will next face American Ryan Harrison -- who beat Croatia 's Ivan Dodig 7-6  7-5  6-0 7-5 . Eighth-seeded American Andy Roddick battled past German qualifier Andreas Beck . The three-time Wimbledon runner-up won 6-4 7-6  8-6  6-3 in a match delayed by Monday 's rain to earn a meeting with Romania 's Victor Hanescu . Former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin del Potro continued his successful comeback this year from long-term injury with a 6-1 6-4 6-3 win over Italy 's Flavio Cipolla . The 22-year-old Argentine will next face Belgium 's Olivier Rochus as he seeks to reach the third round for the first time . His compatriots Juan Ignacio Chela and David Nalbandian also went through along with other seeded players in Austrian No. 11 Jurgen Melzer , France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Gilles Simon , Serbia 's Viktor Troicki , Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny , Germany 's Florian Mayer plus Spaniards Fernando Verdasco and Guillermo Garcia-Lopez . Croatia 's 27th seed Marin Cilic crashed out along with Serbia 's Janko Tipsarevic , who suffered an injury , and Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko .	Six-time champion Roger Federer beats Kazakhstan 's Mikhail Kukushkin at Wimbledon Second seed Novak Djokovic also wins his opening match of grass-court event Seventh seed David Ferrer progresses along with three-time runner-up Andy Roddick Former world No. 4 Juan Martin del Potro also reaches second round in England
CNN  -- What do you get when you combine gorillas , Leonard DiCaprio and Netflix ? A hit , the media company hopes . Netflix announced Friday that it will team up with DiCaprio -- who it described as a "  an actor , producer and philanthropist " -- to distribute a documentary film entitled "  VIRUNGA , " about the quest to save endangered mountain gorillas in the eastern Congo park by that name . "  With VIRUNGA , we 'll work with Leo to introduce viewers around the world to an incredible , gripping story that will have audiences guessing right up until the final act , " said Ted Sarandos , Netflix 's chief content officer . The fact Netflix is getting behind a high-profile production is nothing new . After all , it has produced the critically acclaimed series "  House of Cards " and "  Orange is the New Black , " not to mention the reboot of "  Arrested Development . " But what makes this unique is that it 's a film , not a series , and it will come out in theaters in New York and Los Angeles on November 7 . That 's the same day "  VIRUNGA , " which is directed by Orlando von Einsiedel , will roll out on Netflix as well . According to its website , the film chronicles how a "  a small and embattled team of park rangers -- including an ex-child soldier turned ranger , a carer of orphan gorillas and a Belgian conservationist -- protect  Virunga National Park  from armed militia , poachers and the dark forces struggling to control Congo 's rich natural resources . " "  VIRUNGA " has n't been distributed widely , but it has racked up a number of awards from the likes of the Tribeca Film Festival , DOXA and American Film Institute . DiCaprio , its executive producer , called the partnership with Netflix "  an exciting opportunity to inform and inspire individuals to engage on this topic . " "  Films like VIRUNGA are powerful stories that are a window into the incredible cultural and natural diversity of our world , the forces that are threatening to destroy it , and the people who are fighting to protect it , " the actor added . Mountain gorillas are a subspecies of the eastern gorilla discovered in 1902 and imperiled in recent days by war , hunting , disease and other threats . There are a little less than 800 of them in the wild now , according to the World Wildlife Fund , about half of those in the Virunga Mountains bordering the Democratic Republic of Congo , Rwanda and Uganda . A child actor who broke through on the sitcom "  Growing Pains " and became an international sensation after the film "  Titanic , " DiCaprio is one of Hollywood 's most respected and bankable actors . From the 1990s through today , he has starred in such films as "  Gangs of New York , " "  The Aviator , " "  Catch Me If You Can " and more recently "  The Wolf of Wall Street . " He has also developed a reputation , and tried to break ground , outside the cinematic world . He is an activist on issues ranging from protecting elephants and tigers to safeguarding habitats in the Pacific and Arctic Oceans and climate change . He made remarks at a United Nations summit last month on that subject . In September , the Clinton Global Initiative , an effort led by former U.S. President Bill Clinton , gave DiCaprio one of its "  Global Citizen " awards . "  Through grantmaking , public campaigns and media projects , DiCaprio has worked to bring much-needed attention and funding to three focus areasâ $ " protecting biodiversity , ocean and forest conservation , and climate change , " that organization says on its website . " ... DiCaprio uses digital media to inform and inspire the public , offering them ways to take action on an array of issuesâ $ " from protecting sharks in California and elephants in Africa to supporting the transition of our society to clean , renewable energy . "	"  VIRUNGA " is a documentary about park rangers protecting mountain gorillas in Africa It has won numerous awards , and now will be distributed in select theaters and via Netflix The documentary is executive produced by acclaimed actor Leonardo DiCaprio
One of the world 's oldest civilizations took a major step toward democracy Wednesday as polls closed in Egypt 's historic vote for president , even as many worried the armed forces would quash the results if the top brass does n't like the country 's choice . It is the first time the country has had a presidential election where no one knows what the result will be before the ballots are cast . "  Finally , Egypt is born , " one weeping 80-year-old man told Rep. David Dreier , a California Republican who is in Cairo as an election observer . Zakaria : Is Egypt ready ? Grandmother Nadia Fahmy , 70 , was so determined to be the first one to vote at her polling station that she camped out in a plastic chair for 2 1/2 hours before it opened . "  I am here to vote for the first time in my life , " said Fahmy . "  I want to see a new generation for my country . I want everything to change . " Other people told CNN they had waited up to four hours to vote as an atmosphere of enthusiasm swept polling stations in the capital . Egypt elections : ` Women need a champion ' The voting is a monumental achievement for those who worked to topple longtime President Hosni Mubarak in one of the seminal developments of the Arab Spring more than a year ago . And it could reverberate far beyond the country 's borders , since Egypt is in many ways the center of gravity of the Arab world . Egyptian police officers convicted of murder in protest crackdown "  Egypt has always set trends in the Arab world and for Arab political thought . Trends spread through the Arab world and eventually affect even non-Arab , Muslim-majority countries , " said Maajid Nawaz , the chairman of Quilliam , a London-based think tank . Egypt 's election "  bodes well for the rest of the Arab world and particularly those countries that have had uprisings , " said Nawaz , a former Islamist who was imprisoned in Egypt for four years for banned political activism . There are 13 candidates on the ballot , although two withdrew from the race after ballots were printed . If no candidate gets a majority of the vote in the first round , a second round will be held June 16-17 . Results of the first round are not expected before the weekend . Some 30,000 volunteers have fanned out to make sure the voting is fair , said organizers with the April 6 youth movement , which has long campaigned for greater democracy and rule of law in Egypt . They reported only minor violations Wednesday , mostly supporters of one candidate or another trying to influence voters at polling stations . There is a pervasive fear that the powerful military , which has run the country since the fall of Mubarak , could try to hijack the election . Egypt 's revolution : ` We fell in love , but it was a trick ' The concern persists despite the insistence of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces that it will hand over power to an elected civilian government . The military put armored personnel carriers on the streets with loudspeakers broadcasting a message that they will relinquish power , but that did not convince doubters . Nawaz , the analyst in London , said Egypt probably is not heading toward a simple case of the military either giving up control or rejecting the results of the election . Instead , he anticipated , there will be an "  unhappy settlement " where the military remains "  ever-present , in the shadows , " influencing the civilian government without controlling it . Old politics joins new in Egypt "  Egypt is going along similar lines to Turkey or Pakistan , " he said , naming two other countries that have formal democracies in place but where a powerful military can affect events . The degree to which the military continues to exercise control in Egypt will depend on who wins the election , Nawaz anticipated -- but he laughed aloud when asked to predict who that would be . Whoever wins the election , Nawaz said , will face tremendous challenges , even without worries about the army . "  They are inheriting a failed economy , an abysmal bureaucracy , a frustrated people , and a deep distrust on behalf of the people towards their military and any policing , " Nawaz said . And Egypt has an elaborate political mosaic where alliances shift quickly , he added . Secular democrats oppose military rule , for example , but if an Islamist candidate wins the presidency , "  Some of the democrats would switch because they would rather have military rule than the Islamists , " Nawaz said . Opinion : Egypt 's military must stop torturing detainees "  It 's far more complicated than ` Islamists vs. liberal democracy . ' It 's rich vs. poor ,  hardline  Salafists vs. the  more moderate  Muslim Brotherhood , secularists vs. Islamists , " he said . On top of that , the country does not yet have a new constitution defining the powers of the president or the parliament , after a court last month suspended the committee charged with writing it . The court ruled that the members of the committee did not reflect the national population well enough . Among the candidates vying for the presidency are Mohamed Morsi , of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party ; Amre Moussa , who served as foreign minister under Mubarak and headed the Arab League ; Abdelmonen Abol Fotoh , a moderate Islamist running as a respected independent ; Ahmed Shafik , who was Mubarak 's last prime minister ; and Hamdeen Sabahy , a leftist dark-horse contender . Shafik was mobbed by opponents who threw things at him when he went to vote Wednesday , his spokesman , Ahmed Serhan , told CNN . "  People chanted against him upon his entrance to cast his vote , " Serhan said . That prompted soldiers guarding the polling station to shut the doors while Shafik voted , he said . "  On his way out , some people threw their shoes and rocks at him while he rushed into the car , " Serhan said . "  He is not hurt , and this attack is not representative of how Egyptian people feel about him . " Many Egyptians seem uncertain of their loyalties to any particular candidate , and even the weakest of arguments or the strangest of rumors can shift public opinion overnight . The vote comes nearly 16 months after the popular uprising that brought down Mubarak in February 2011 . Mubarak was tried on charges of ordering police to shoot protesters during the uprising against him , and of corruption . He is awaiting the court 's verdict and could potentially face the death penalty . Despite the high-profile trial of the man who ruled the country for 30 years , popular distrust and anger , particularly against the military 's power in Egyptian governmental affairs , still inspire protests , some of which have been marked by deadly clashes . Protesters are upset at what they see as the slow pace of reform since Mubarak 's ouster . Some are also concerned that the country 's military leadership is delaying the transition to civilian rule . In January , two Islamist parties won about 70 % of the seats in the lower house of parliament in the first elections for an elected governing body in the post-Mubarak era . The Freedom and Justice Party won 235 seats and the conservative Al Nour party gained 121 seats in the People 's Assembly , according to final results . The assembly consists of 498 elected members , and the rest of the seats were divided among other parties .	Polls closed in Egypt 's historic vote for president The election "  bodes well for the rest of the Arab world , " Maajid Nawaz says Egypt is heading toward "  unhappy settlement " with its military , the expert says "  I am here to vote for the first time in my life , " a 70-year-old woman says
DANVILLE , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- When Joseph Homicz 's doctor found what could be dangerous blockages of the arteries , he ordered catheterization , a common procedure in which tubes are inserted into the body to check the blood flow . Dr. Peter Berger , far right , has a 40-item checklist covering steps before , during and after a procedure . But Homicz 's treatment was not quite ordinary because he was sent to a cardiologist working at Geisinger Health System in Danville , Pennsylvania . Geisinger , which operates hospitals , community clinics and its own insurance company , is enacting what some consider radical ideas to improve patient care and lower costs . It 's a system that President Obama has billed as one of the nation 's "  islands of excellence . " Homicz 's procedure was part of the Proven Care program , in which all of a patient 's medical professionals work together to ensure no mistakes are made . It is everyone 's job to make sure any errors are caught , and doctors are graded on the entire treatment a patient receives from the time of diagnosis through an operation to the care received weeks or even months later . "  We want to make it harder to make a mistake , " Dr. Peter Berger , Homicz 's cardiologist , said after the procedure . Watch more on Geisinger 's approach to health care " Berger has a 40-item checklist covering steps before , during and after the procedure , including checking whether the catheterization is really needed to ensuring he has the right patient on the table . Berger , who is also the system 's director of clinical research , says patients and doctors both benefit from this type of medicine . "  Every study that has been done has shown that doctors and health care systems are n't as good at administering all of the things a patient needs as we ought to be , " Berger says . "  There are so many watchful eyes on the patient . All members of the team have an assigned responsibility , and we are all making sure we all do our job . I absolutely think that the patients benefit from that kind of approach . " Leading up to Homicz 's catheterization and during the procedure , nurses and doctors checked off specific items and were encouraged to check in on what Berger was doing . Geisinger says this approach encourages teamwork , which leads to better results , less mistakes and increased profits . "  We got a lot of buzz out of the fact that we re-engineered all our care from beginning to end , " Dr. Glenn Steele , president and CEO of Geisinger said . He said company employees went out and studied how medical professionals around the country were conducting specific procedures and incorporated the best of what was found . Watch more of Steele 's take " "  When you 're having heart surgery how tightly should you control the level of your blood sugar ? Should you do that with a continuous drip of a medicine called insulin ? What should your temperature be exactly when you come out of the operating room and go to recovery room ? All of those things are thought or have been proven to be related to the probability of you having a perfect outcome , but none of those things has been formally engineered into a process until we did it , " Steele said . Geisinger says its procedures and operations cost patients less than others . Some patients who have Geisinger insurance are able to pay a set price . In return , if within 90 days after a procedure they develop any related complications -- for example an infection , pneumonia , a bleed in the area -- they get free treatment . Geisinger estimates about a third of those using Proven Care are eligible for this guarantee . "  We 've found huge decreases in hospitalization and rehospitalization for those patients because they 're better cared for , " Steele says . The company also helps keep patients with chronic problems from getting worse by assigning case managers to consult and check in with patients as often as necessary . For example , James Connelly , a 78-year-old patient with a history of congestive heart failure , kidney disease and artery disease , was admitted to the hospital in May of last year after gaining 14 pounds . After doctors stabilized him and sent him home , Connelly enrolled in the partnering initiative . Each day he enters his weight on a Web site , which is monitored by his case worker . A year later he has lost 14 pounds and is much healthier . Through technology and its use of electronic medical records , the company says it has shaved costs by preventing unnecessary tests . Also , patient data can be accessed at any of the hospitals or 40 clinics Geisinger operates . So can the Geisinger system be replicated nationwide ? Geisinger executives say not all of what they have put in place will work elsewhere , however , they say a good portion -- more reliance on electronic records and a greater emphasis on collaboration -- will help dramatically improve health care . "  I think what we can do over the next few years is rather than to try to come on the right formula , the right template for all of the reform , I think what we can do is scale this thing up , " Steele said . "  I do n't think we have to push the entire system off the cliff because ... there is a lot that is designed out there that could n't do what we are doing . " CNN national political correspondent Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Geisinger operates hospitals , community clinics , its own insurance company Company says its procedures , operations cost patients less "  We re-engineered all our care from beginning to end , " CEO says
CNN  -- U.S. star Ted Ligety won the men 's World Cup giant slalom at Alta Badia , Italy , after finishing over two seconds quicker than his rivals . Ligety 's 14th World Cup win was his third in four giant slaloms completed so far this season . The victory and the 100 points takes Ligety to within 106 points of World Cup overall leader Aksel Lund Svindal , who finished ninth . Ligety all but wrapped up victory on his first run , moving well clear of Austria 's Marcel Hirscher and France 's Thomas Fanara . Alpine Edge : Inside World Cup venues "  I had a great first run and on the second leg I tried not to think of the big lead that I had , " Ligety told reporters . "  You can easily lose your focus and even a two seconds lead can be slashed . "  But I am not unbeatable in giant slalom , just look at Val D'Isere last weekend . The piste there is really different and the gates are close to each other . " Lund Svindal sits on 614 points from 12 races with Ligety on 508 and Hirscher on 460 with another 24 events to follow . Lindsey Vonn vows to fight on in bid to race the men Meanwhile , Slovenia 's Tina Maze won her fourth consecutive World Cup giant slalom at Courchevel . Maze eased home by 00.22 seconds to extend her lead in the World Cup overall standings . Reigning World Cup winner Lindsey Vonn of the U.S. failed to win a single point for the third race in a row . Vonn is down in fourth place on 414 points with leader Maze well clear on 799 .	Ted Ligety wins World Cup giant slalom at Alta Badia U.S. star has won three of four giant slaloms so far this season Slovenia 's Tina Maze wins fourth consecutive women 's World Cup slalom U.S. star Lindsay Vonn fails to score a single point for third straight race
CNN  -- Once labeled the richest football club in Britain , Scottish champions Glasgow Rangers are now on the brink of extinction . The club that boasts a record 54 league titles and 60 domestic cups since being formed in 1872 has sunk to the lowest ebb of its illustrious 140-year history . Already in administration and with a potential tax bill of $ 118 million , the genuine prospect exists that Rangers -- one half of the Old Firm rivalry with Glasgow neighbors Celtic -- could be about to fold , inflicting irreversible damage on the Scottish Premier League . So if a football club with as proud a history as Rangers can come so close to the precipice , how likely is it that the disease of financial mismanagement will claim other high-profile scalps across Europe ? Football 's rising costs According to football finance expert Simon Chadwick , many clubs on the continent are similarly stretched as they grapple with soaring wages and transfer fees -- and a failure to make the most from their assets . Chadwick , a professor of Sport Business Strategy at the UK 's University of Coventry , says the next five years could be critical in shaping the long-term future of football in Europe , as cash-rich clubs in Russia , China and the Middle East compete for the globe 's best players . "  There are two common elements to what is happening in Europe , " he told CNN . "  The first one is revenue generation . A lot of clubs simply do n't have a notion of the ways in which they could alternatively generate revenue other than tickets sales . "  The other element is cost control , and obviously that relates to player transfer fees and wage costs . If there was moderation in the industry generally , if salary costs and transfer fees could be moderated in some way , that would ease clubs ' financial problems . "  Increasingly you 've got clubs in China , in Russia and in some parts of the Middle East that are paying huge transfer fees and huge wages . In many ways it 's very difficult for clubs to control their costs because many of the mechanisms are outside their control . " Driven by debt Chadwick 's assessment of the general health of Europe 's clubs is bleak , with teams in Italy , Spain , Belgium , Holland , Portugal and even Germany -- the one league held up as a beacon of financial integrity -- struggling . Even two of the biggest clubs on the continent , Spanish duo Barcelona and Real Madrid , who drive huge wealth and success , are operating on a huge debt base . "  Whilst Barca and Real are massive revenue-generating entities , their costs are very high , " Chadwick said . "  The most obvious elements are transfer fees and salaries . As a consequence of that , if you look at the two of the biggest three club debtors in the world they are Barcelona and Real Madrid . "  Outside Barcelona and Real there is no conception of the need to manage their organizations better , to manage their businesses better or commercialize in any way . In terms of revenue generation and cost control , a lot of Spanish clubs are operating in the dark ages . " The German Bundesliga is renowned as being a model competition , where the football fan is king . Supporters retain a majority stake in their club , tickets prices are affordable , wealth is distributed far more equally than in other leagues and wages are kept under control . Chasing Champions League cash But Chadwick points to the example of Schalke , a club that finished in the top three in Germany four times in the past seven years but is now grappling with the debts incurred through building a new stadium . The Royal Blues are desperately hoping that qualification this year for Europe 's top club competition , the Champions League , will prove a timely boon to their bank balance . "  Schalke is in a very precarious financial position but many people say German football is a role model for financial propriety and good management -- it 's not . There are problems all over Europe , " Chadwick said . He sees Dutch outfit Feyenoord , regarded as one of the Netherlands ' big three sides alongside PSV Eindhoven and Ajax , as a club facing a typical , modern-day predicament . "  Feyenoord are in a much more precarious position than PSV and Ajax for the simple reason that they are not qualifying for Europe and yet they are still very ambitious , " Chadwick said . "  The big challenge for Feyenoord is to go for Champions League football and get it really soon , otherwise their business model is not sustainable . Then they will have to develop a business model that is consistent with being a solvent member of the Eredivisie , but basically mid-table plodders . " A global power shift ? With European football at a crossroads , UEFA 's new Financial Fair Play  FFP  initiative could prove a masterstroke of timing . The rules , which aim to force clubs to live within their means , are introduced next year . "  FFP could be the moderating force in the labor market but one of the big issues is that the football labor market is no longer dominated by the Europeans , it is now a global labor market , " Chadwick said . "  When you 've got the likes of  former Chelsea striker  Nicolas Anelka on a reported $ 268,000 a week in China and Samuel Eto'o on reported $ 553,000 a week in Russia , this is fueling the inflationary spiral . "  As we see in any market , resources flow to where the returns are greatest . I think we 're potentially on the cusp of a real shift in global power in football simply because clubs elsewhere in the world can afford to pay for the likes of Anelka and Eto'o . " Scottish giants in jeopardy Should European clubs need any reminder as to what despair can emerge from chasing success on the field , they need only look at Rangers . The Glasgow team 's slide into administration relates to an unpaid tax bill of $ 14 million , incurred after businessman Craig Whyte bought the club in June 2010 , but they are also being pursued by the UK government , which says an astonishing $ 118 million is owed in back taxes . A tribunal is due to rule on the case this month , and if Rangers lose , they could be wiped off the map forever . "  If Rangers were to go into liquidation it would be absolutely unbelievable , " Scottish football expert Graham Spiers told CNN . "  I 've been writing about this story for the last 18 months and I still can not believe it . "  The club would probably be reborn in some kind of way , but just facing the fact that for a period in history Rangers might cease to exist does seem unbelievable . " A two-team league ? Much of the interest aroused by the Scottish Premier League is based on the intense rivalry between Rangers and Glasgow neighbors Celtic , a divide along sectarian lines that is famous around the globe . But officials at Celtic , a club proud of its Catholic and Irish heritage , insist they feel no sympathy with their Protestant bedfellows , and can continue to thrive even if the blue half of Glasgow goes under . Whether the league could is another matter , given that no club other than Rangers or Celtic has won the title since Aberdeen 's triumph in 1984 . "  The thing Scottish football does have is this brand called the Old Firm and whether you call it car crash television or not , everybody is attracted to it , " Spiers said . "  Celtic fans are stupidly dancing on the grave of Rangers , because Celtic need Rangers . Celtic are greatly diminished if their great rivals disappear . If one of the Old Firm was taken out and shot at dawn it would greatly diminish the other half . " At one stage this season , Rangers led the league by 12 points . But a run of poor form , combined with the 10-point deduction incurred for falling into administration , means Celtic are now 21 points clear and certainties for the title . Ironically , the Hoops could wrap up their 43rd league title at Ibrox in the Old Firm clash on March 25 .	Rangers ' financial plight casts doubt on stability of clubs elsewhere in Europe Football expert says clubs on the continent are similarly stretched financially Simon Chadwick says lack of business nous and rise of other regions has had impact If Rangers went under it could have dire repercussions in Scotland , says journalist
New York  CNN  -- The iconic World Trade Center cross -- two intersecting steel beams that held up when the Twin Towers collapsed on September 11 , 2001 -- was moved Saturday to its new home at the nearby 9/11 Memorial and Museum . Recovery workers and their families were among those invited to attend a ceremonial blessing before the cross , which was uncovered in the rubble of the collapsed buildings . The service was led by Father Brian Jordan , a Franciscan monk who ministered to workers clearing the area after the 9/11 attacks . "  After a 10-year journey of faith , the World Trade Center Cross has finally found its home , " Jordan said , according to a news release from organizers of the event . "  I am grateful to the leadership of the Memorial Museum for their sensitivity , compassion and professionalism . I urge all those who believe in the consolation and power of the Cross to visit it in its future home in the Memorial Museum . " Joe Daniels , 9/11 Memorial president , said the cross is "  an important part of our commitment to bring back the authentic physical reminders that tell the history of 9/11 in a way nothing else could . "  Its return is a symbol of the progress on the Memorial & Museum that we feel rather than see , reminding us that commemoration is at the heart of our mission . " This September 11 will mark the 10th anniversary of the attacks , and the memorial will be dedicated that day . It will open to the public the following day . A museum at the same site will open in 2012 . CNN 's Rachel Garrett contributed to this report .	Two intersecting steel beams form the shape of a cross The cross was uncovered in the rubble of the World Trade Center collapse The cross will become a permanent part of the 9/11 Memorial and Museum
CNN  -- European Ryder Cup star Miguel Angel Jimenez snapped his putter in frustration at the Volvo Golf Champions tournament in Bahrain but then carded three birdies with his lob wedge to tie for the lead . The Spaniard became increasingly frustrated with his play on the greens after missing a succession of birdie chances and snapped his putter in two on the 13th hole . But if anything , it gave his game a boost as he picked up shots on the 15th , 16th and 17th to finish with a 65 and tie with three other players at 11-under-par after the second round . Italian Edoardo Molinari , Sweden 's Peter Hanson and Frenchman Raphaël Jacquelin share the lead with Jimenez . After his extraordinary hat-trick of birdies Jimenez joked on the European Tour website : "  I think now I putt with my lob wedge . " Northern Irishman Darren Clarke , who was a vice-captain during Europe 's Ryder Cup victory over the United States in Wales last year , was playing with Jimenez when his putter felt the full force of his anger . Clarke told how his playing partner "  just caught the edge of his bag " with the putter , joking that his backswing was "  a bit long . " Molinari came flying out of the traps carding six birdies in the opening six holes but after such an impressive start he managed only one more in his round of 65 . Hanson shot a five-under round of 67 to take a share of the lead , while Jacquelin matched Molinari and Jimenez with seven birdies in his round . Clarke is in a group of four players one shot behind the leaders with England 's Paul Casey , Scot Stephen Gallacher and South Africa 's James Kingston . It was n't such a good day for England 's Ian Poulter who finished on three-under and tied for 50th place . After his opening round of level par on Thursday he ranted on his Twitter site . He said : "  Played great today 35 putts , missed 1 green , Simply the WORST greens i have ever seen & im not joking they are embarrassing . " He later added : "  Apparently the Architect wanted to make a statement with the greens , he did that alright they are & % $ # . "	Miguel Angel Jimenez takes share of Volvo Golf Champions after snapping putter Spaniard broke putter in two after becoming frustrated on 13th hole Jimenez then carded three birdies with his lob wedge to tie for the lead Edaordo Molinari joins Jimenez on 11-under after round of 65
Riverside , California  CNN  -- Akiko Kosaka , a student from Japan attending the University of California at Riverside , had lost all hope for her family in Minamisanriku , the fishing village where more than half of the 17,000 residents are missing and feared dead in the aftermath of last week 's tsunami . For three days , she scoured the Internet . She received one e-mail that her youngest sister , Yukako , 13 , was likely safe in her middle school 's shelter . But what about her parents , paternal grandparents and older sister , who all lived under the same roof ? When the mayor was quoted in the media as saying he barely survived the tsunami , Kosaka thought the worst , because her father 's pharmacy was located near the town hall . "  I did n't think they survived , " Kosaka , 20 , told CNN during a tearful interview Tuesday . "  I cried for three days -- Friday , Saturday , Sunday . " Then she received word Sunday night from a friend in Japan of the existence of a 45-second YouTube video showing her family home as the only one standing amid the rubble . The video highlighted her older sister holding a sign to a TV news crew saying in Japanese "  we are all safe . " Kosaka expressed relief upon hearing of the video , but became distraught after she could n't find it online , despite staying up all night looking for it . Then a contact through a Japanese social network e-mailed her the link Monday morning . When seeing the video for the first time inside the home of her host family , Kosaka 's reaction surprised everyone in the household . "  I screamed , and my host parents woke up and they thought it was really bad , " Kosaka said . "  They asked what happened . And I said , ` They survived ! ' " In the video , her 24-year-old sister , Shoko , is standing on the family home 's balcony , off Kosaka 's bedroom , and is asking the TV crew to pass along word to her sister in America that she 's safe . Now Kosaka is trying to respond by using the media and the Internet to inform her relatives she 's aware of their message -- though she 's still concerned about them in the obliterated coastal village , which media accounts liken to a ghost town . Kosaka has yet to see her father , Katsumi ; mother , Noriko ; or paternal grandparents on any video -- or receive any word from them . Though she speaks English , Kosaka extended a message to them , in Japanese , through a CNN news crew : "  My older sister , Shoko , I saw your video . Thank you very much for being alive . It made me really happy that you are worried about me even in this tough situation . "  Grandpa and grandma , how is your health ? Dad and mom , I know that everything is tough right now with your job and everything but I am so glad that you are alive . I really look forward to seeing you guys again . " In the offices of the University of California at Riverside Extension program , where she began a year-long study of English last September , Kosaka provided a personal narrative to the stark footage of her hometown street now in ruins . Kosaka 's family home is the only one left standing on a hill because her father reconstructed the two-story house with a basement five years ago , Kosaka said . The other houses in the neighborhood were aging , she said . Kosaka expressed shock that the earthquake or the tsunami demolished the block because she thought the area would be safe on high ground , she said . Her family 's house has a scenic view of the ocean , just a five-minute walk away , she said . In the video , a news crew approaches the family house , and Kosaka 's older sister is wearing a white helmet and holds up one sign saying , "  Kosaka Family , " and then another saying , "  We are all safe . " At another point in the video , the older sister indicates she 's holding up the signs to the camera crew "  because my younger sister is in America . We are all okay . " When Kosaka heard of the video 's existence , she thought to herself , "  I could n't believe it . It 's a miracle , " she said . Since seeing the video , she watched it over and over again -- at least "  50 or something " times within about 24 hours , she said , offering a wild guess . As she reviewed the video again Tuesday morning , Kosaka was still incredulous . "  This is my house , " she said , viewing the video on a university office computer . "  When I saw this video , I was very shocked by it . I thought  the hillside community  was safe . There were houses next to my house , but they were destroyed . That means the tsunami came up to the house . " She was moved to see her sister shouting to the news crew from the balcony . "  It makes me very happy , " Kosaka said . "  It 's the only way to hear her voice . " Her sister 's voice , though , struck Kosaka as "  tired and depressed . " "  Maybe she tries to stay strong for my family . So I 'm very proud of her , " Kosaka said . She believes her parents are likely OK , but her grandfather , Yoshio , is 85 and grandmother , Soyoko , is 80 . "  My grandparents are old , so I 'm worried about their health , " Kosaka said , adding no one in her hometown probably has water , and the winter weather is still cold , with snow . She 's also worried about the family pharmacy , where her father , 52 , is a pharmacist and her mother assists . The family opened it 10 years ago . "  I think it was his dream , " Kosaka added . Since Kosaka saw the video , she has been sharing her story with classmates . "  I cried in front of them too much , " she said Tuesday . The University of California at Riverside Extension is the continuing education branch of the university and has an enrollment of 4,000 students from 60 countries who participate in English-language study or certificate programs , said Bronwyn Jenkins-Deas , associate dean and head of international programs . Of the 4,000 students , 109 of them are from Japan , and five of them had families affected by the quake or tsunami or both , Jenkins-Deas said . It is only Kosaka , though , who has yet to have direct contact with her family , Jenkins-Deas said . "  The story is quite amazing , " Jenkins-Deas added .	Akiko Kosaka , 20 , is from the tsunami-wracked village of Minami Sanriku , Japan More than half of that coastal town 's 17,000 residents are missing For three days , she thought her family perished But then she saw her sister on YouTube sending a "  we are all safe " message
CNN  -- The International Olympic Committee announced Wednesday that Istanbul , Tokyo and Madrid have made it on to the short list of cities bidding to host the 2020 Olympic Games . Baku and Doha were rejected for the second time in a row after failing to make the 2016 games . "  The executive board has decided that the following cities can continue to the next phase and become candidates for 2020 . In the order of drawing lots : Istanbul , Tokyo , and Madrid , " said IOC spokesman Mark Adams . The three remaining candidate cities will enter into Phase 2 of the selection period . Files from the cities will be submitted to the IOC by January 7 , 2013 . Following an official visit by the IOC Evaluation Commission between February and April of 2013 , a report will be made to the 2020 IOC Evaluation Commission and candidate cities will brief IOC members . The election of the host city of the XXXII Olympic Summer Games will take place on September 7 , 2013 , at the 125th IOC Session in Buenos Aires . In culling the field from five to three cities , the IOC executive board relied "  on application files , the report of a working group of experts which is formed to assess the application forms of each city , the city 's compliance with elements like the World Anti-Doping Code , and other criteria , " said Adams . Doha , the capital of the Gulf state of Qatar , had proposed changing the games to October 2-18 , to mitigate the extreme temperatures athletes would have to experience during the usual July-August summer games . Based on a 10-year average , Doha temperatures in October range from 30 to 36 degrees Celsius  86 to 96.8 degrees Fahrenheit  . The working group also decided against Baku , the capital city of Azerbaijan , for its infrastructural limitations . The "  games planning and experience , " were "  not sufficiently developed at this stage , " according to the report . Of the five candidate cities , only Tokyo has hosted the Olympics before , in the XVIII Olympiad held in the summer of 1964 .	Istanbul , Tokyo and Madrid made the cut Doha in Qatar and Baku in Azerbaijan did not Selection of host city will take place on September 7 , 2013
CNN  It 's a case of mistaken identity that reached international proportions . A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from Texas on Wednesday after DNA tests showed she 's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter . Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuñez on Friday in the colonial city of Guanajuato , in central Mexico , believing she was the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston . Several videos show the moment the girl was taken out of her middle school . In the footage , Alondra appears terrified , screaming at the top of her lungs and desperately trying to free herself from officers who are dragging her out of the building . After a struggle that lasted several minutes , the 14-year-old was put inside a federal police truck that sped away as witnesses , including the teenager 's aunt , watched and recorded . According to Mexican authorities , the woman in Houston claimed in a 2007 petition that her daughter had been illegally taken to Mexico by her biological father without her consent . According to a statement from the Mexican Foreign Ministry , the woman had recently traveled to Guanajuato and seen her daughter there . "  Derived on this information ... and in compliance with international law ... the judge in charge of the case asked Interpol to intervene to make the girl appear at a hearing in which the court would confirm her identity , " the statement said . But what happened next puzzled both Alondra 's family and Mexican public opinion : The teenager was sent to the United States before her identify was positively confirmed . Once in Houston , and with questions about her identity being raised by the girl 's biological parents , the Mexican Consulate in that city ordered DNA testing . The results confirmed that Alondra is not the daughter of the Houston woman . "  I will have my girl at home . We hope she 's OK . We are taking action on the matter , " Alondra 's mother -- Susana Nuñez -- told Milenio Television . "  They stole my child . "	A girl is seized by authorities who thought she was the daughter of a woman in Houston DNA tests show she is not The mother of Alondra Luna Nuñez says : "  They stole my child "
CNN  -- Football 's latest match-fixing scandal could have implications far wider than Italy , where 17 people were arrested on Monday including former World Cup player Cristiano Doni . Doni had already been banned until 2014 by the Italian Football Federation in the first part of the "  Last Bet " investigation earlier this year . The former Atalanta captain , whose club started this Serie A season with a six-point penalty due to his and a teammate 's offenses , has now been suspected of trying to destroy evidence . Prosecutors told reporters that the arrests , which also included former players Luigi Sartor and Alessandro Zamperini plus Piacenza 's Carlo Gervasoni and Spezia 's Filippo Carobbio , were "  a starting point in cleaning up the beautiful game that is football . " Italian football journalist Tancredi Palmeri told CNN that investigators had found links to people outside the country -- in Asia , South America and other parts of Europe . "  This one can be bigger . This time investigators found a link between the single players in the team and someone abroad -- they talk about Singapore , where we know there was already some suspicion of crime connected with illegal betting , " Palmeri said on Monday . "  This can also involve other leagues , not only Italian . Investigators said they will investigate Italian football because they are Italian investigators . "  They know for sure there are games in Argentina and Bolivia involved , and they suspect other European leagues including German leagues and French leagues . " European football 's governing body UEFA has already had to deal with betting scandals in Eastern Europe and Turkey this year . This is the latest in a series of investigations affecting Italy . Juventus lost two league titles in 2006 due to the "  Calciopoli " affair , which saw the Turin side relegated to Serie B after being accused of rigging games by arranging "  favorable " match officials and also implicated AC Milan , Fiorentina , Lazio , and Reggina . Doni , 38 , was banned in August along with clubmate Thomas Manfredini and fellow former Italy international Giuseppe Signori , but all have denied any wrongdoing . Palmeri said it was likely that clubs are also involved , not just players -- one of who claimed such activities had been going on for a decade , according to prosecutors . "  Everything is connected with the fact that if single players are connected or clubs are connected , " Palmeri said . "  Last time , Calciopoli , that was football institutions and the clubs . This time , as we saw already in summer , it 's so far just single players trying to make money giving connections and trying to fix the games through the contacts they have in football . " Prosecutor Roberto Di Martino revealed the extent of outside involvement . "  At the top of this organization are men from Singapore , who are those who move the money , but the shareholders are divided from the West , to the Far East , to South America , and they manage with their men how to change the outcome of football matches , " he told the Gazzetta dello Sport newspaper . Meanwhile , former Atalanta coach Bartolo Mutti has been appointed as boss of Palermo for the second time after Devis Mangia was sacked on Monday . Mangia took charge of the Serie A side on a temporary basis at the end of August in his first major coaching role , and signed a two-year contract last month . But Sunday 's 2-0 defeat by Sicilian rivals Catania left Palermo 10th in the table , and the 37-year-old became the ninth coaching casualty in Serie this season . Mutti , 57 , coached Palermo in 2001-02 when the club languished in the second division . His last two jobs ended in relegation after taking over at Atalanta and Bari in the latter parts of the season .	Italian prosecutors find links to Asia , South America and other parts of Europe Former international Cristiano Doni among 17 people arrested on Monday Atalanta veteran had already been banned from football in August after first probe Italian journalist says it is likely clubs are involved in the scandal as well as players
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House Democrats unveiled their revised version of health care reform Tuesday , offering a proposal that includes a government-funded health insurance option , requires both individuals and employers to participate , and taxes the wealthy to help cover costs . President Obama has urged Congress to work quickly on creating a health care reform bill . Democratic House leaders said the measure , titled "  America 's Affordable Health Choices Act , " met the requirements set by President Obama for health care reform by lowering costs to consumers and businesses , letting people keep their current plan if desired , and preventing denial of coverage due to pre-existing medical conditions . "  The House proposal will begin the process of fixing what 's broken about our health care system , reducing costs for all , building on what works , and covering an estimated 97 percent of all Americans , " Obama said in a written statement . "  And by emphasizing prevention and wellness , it will also help improve the quality of health care for every American . " Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California , said the bill is intended to repair a "  dysfunctional " health care system that is draining the U.S. economy while leaving 46 million Americans without health insurance . "  We are going to accomplish what many people felt would n't happen in our lifetime , " he said . But House Republicans slammed the Democrats ' bill and pledged to try to amend it as three House committees begin considering the legislation later this week . Rep. Roy Blunt , R-Missouri , said the bill "  without any question will kill jobs , will limit access to health care , will raise taxes and will lead to a government takeover of health care . " Blunt said he will offer an amendment requiring all elected federal officials , including Obama and Vice President Joe Biden , to enroll in the new public insurance option . Republicans and some fiscally conservative Democrats also question the cost of health care reform . An earlier draft of the House Democrats ' bill carried a price tag of $ 1 trillion over 10 years . The Congressional Budget Office said the revised house bill also would cost $ 1 trillion . However , a senior Democratic House committee staffer said the CBO analysis only covered costs without factoring in cost-saving measures worth $ 500 billion over 10 years or the revenue from tax surcharges on wealthy Americans , estimated to raise more than $ 500 billion over a decade . According to the CBO , the bill would cover 97 percent of Americans by 2015 . The bill includes tax surcharges on Americans in the top 1.2 percent of income . It proposes a 5.4 percent surtax on couples earning more than $ 1 million , a 1.5 percent surtax on couples with income between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million , and a 1 percent surtax on joint incomes over $ 350,000 or individual income over $ 280,000 . Anticipating Republican complaints that the tax surcharges would harm small business owners who report their income as personal , Democratic sponsors said the measure would affect less than 5 percent of all small business owners . Specific provisions of the bill include : -- A Health Insurance Exchange providing individuals and small business with choices for coverage , including a government-funded public option . -- No more coverage exclusion for pre-existing conditions . -- Affordability credits for low - and moderate-income individuals and families , available to those with incomes up to 400 percent of the federal poverty level , or $ 43,000 for individuals and $ 88,000 for a family of four . -- Limits on annual out-of-pocket spending . -- Expanded Medicaid coverage to individuals and families with incomes at or below 133 percent of the federal poverty level . -- Required participation by individuals , with a penalty of 2.5 percent of adjusted gross income for non-compliance . -- Requirement that businesses with payrolls exceeding $ 250,000 provide their employees with health coverage or contribute up to 8 percent of their payroll on their behalf . -- A series of measures intended to reduce costs of Medicaid , Medicare and other existing systems . A statement Tuesday from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business groups opposed some of the bill 's proposals , calling for market forces and employer autonomy instead of mandated participation by businesses . "  Exempting some micro-businesses will not prevent this provision from killing many jobs , " the statement said . The House bill now goes to three committees for debate and revision before consideration by the full chamber . The Senate also is considering health reform measures that contain some of the House bill provisions . Obama has said he wants both chambers to pass their respective proposals before Congress goes on its August recess as part of a timetable to get a final bill to his desk by the end of the year . House Republican Whip Eric Cantor of Virginia argued that the current economic conditions mean Congress should take its time on a major overhaul of the health care system . "  There 's no need for us to be rushing into passing legislation before the end of this month at the potential cost of , really , millions of jobs , " Cantor said Tuesday . A CNN-Opinion Research Corp. survey released July 1 found that a slim majority -- 51 percent -- support Obama 's health care plans , but most worry that their costs would go up , and only one in five think their families would be better off . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this story	It offers government-funded health insurance option and taxes wealthy Leaders say it meets Obama 's requirements on health care reform GOP , some fiscally conservative Democrats oppose components
CNN  -- A wooden ship believed to be over 200 years old was discovered during a recent exploration of the northern Gulf of Mexico , according to a press release from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  . Scientists were able to view the remains of "  anchors , navigational instruments , glass bottles , ceramic plates , cannons , and boxes of muskets " aboard the ship , NOAA stated . Shipwreck found on Gulf floor while thousands watched "  Artifacts in and around the wreck and the hull 's copper sheathing may date the vessel to the early to mid-19th century , " said Jack Irion , a maritime archaeologist with the Interior Department 's Bureau of Ocean Energy Management . "  Some of the more datable objects include what appears to be a type of ceramic plate that was popular between 1800 and 1830 , and a wide variety of glass bottles . A rare ship 's stove on the site is one of only a handful of surviving examples in the world and the second one found on a shipwreck in the Gulf of Mexico . " Scientists aboard the NOAA ship "  Okeanos Explorer " were able to view the wreckage using advanced multi-beam mapping sonar technology and a remotely operated underwater vehicle , named "  Little Hercules . " Little Hercules made 29 dives during the 56-day mission in March and April , according to NOAA . The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management requested that NOAA investigate the site after it was originally detected as an "  unknown sonar contact " by Shell Oil Company during a 2011 oil and gas survey of the Gulf , government officials said . The expedition also used "  telepresence " technology that allowed scientists and citizens on shore to partake in the exploration via the Internet as it happened . According to daily logs posted on NOAA 's website , others followed the exploration remotely using e-mail , on-line chat rooms , video streams , and file transfer sites to exchange information . "  Shipwrecks help to fill in some of the unwritten pages of history , " said Frank Cantelas , a maritime archaeologist with NOAA 's Office of Ocean Exploration and Research . "  We explored four shipwrecks during this expedition and I believe this wreck was by far the most interesting and historic . " The shipwreck site was located approximately 200 miles off the U.S. Gulf coast in water that was over 4,000 feet deep , according NOAA . Until now , the area has been relatively unexplored .	Scientists believe the wooden shipwreck dates back to the 19th century A rare type of stove , cannons and stacked muskets were on the ship Exploration used new technology The wreck was originally detected during an oil-and-gas survey by Shell
Washington  CNN  -- A spokeswoman for James Clapper said the embattled director of national intelligence stands by remarks he made Thursday "  about the current military situation in Libya " that prompted a leading Republican senator to call for his resignation . The Obama administration also said Clapper still has its "  full faith and confidence . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , issued a statement criticizing Clapper 's testimony , made during a committee hearing earlier in the day , that Moammar Gadhafi 's regime would "  prevail " over rebels seeking to oust the 68-year-old dictator from power in Libya . "  His comments will make the situation more difficult for those opposing Gadhafi , " said Graham , adding they undercut U.S. efforts and should not have been made in a public forum . Graham cited two previous occasions in which Clapper made misstatements , and said his comments on the Libya situation "  should be the final straw . " Jamie Smith , director of public affairs for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence , said that Clapper 's testimony "  provided a snapshot of the relative strengths and weaknesses of the regime and the opposition . As he stated in his testimony , the situation in Libya is very fluid . " "  Many factors will come into play over time including the pressure being brought to bear by the international community as well as the Libyan people 's clear desire for change , " Smith said . "  As this dynamic situation evolves , the Intelligence Community will continue to provide its best assessment of the current situation as well as identify opportunities that project into the future . " Clapper 's comment on Libya was not the only one that got him in trouble with some members of the armed services committee . In an exchange with Democratic Sens. Carl Levin of Michigan and Joe Manchin of West Virginia over what nation posed the greatest threat to the United States , the director focused his responses on the chief nuclear rivals , China and Russia , rather than on the regimes in North Korea and Iran , which are openly belligerent . Clapper went on to clarify his answer , to which Levin gave lukewarm acceptance , but later Thursday , Senate Intelligence Chairman Dianne Feinstein , D-California , called the director 's response on the threat issue "  a problem " and , when asked by CNN , pointedly declined to say she had confidence in him . "  On the question on the two nations with the greatest intent to harm ours , I do not believe they 're China and Russia , " said Feinstein , who was not at the hearing . "  I do n't understand why that was put out there . So , that 's a problem . " Asked whether Clapper has problems communicating , Feinstein responded , "  I do n't know what it is and I 'm not going to speculate , but clearly there 's a problem ... I would like the opportunity to look more deeply into it , OK ? " Other senators , including John McCain , R-Arizona , and Joseph Lieberman , a Connecticut independent who caucuses with Democrats , expressed support for Clapper . McCain said the director was "  doing a very fine job . " White House press secretary Jay Carney defended Clapper and said his words were misinterpreted . "  If you look closely at the transcript of what Director Clapper said , he was answering a question with regard to military capacity , " Carney said . "  Obviously , Russia and China are two of the three largest nuclear powers in the world , therefore they have dangerous weapons and they have the capacity , but he made clear that we do not view Russia and China as a threat . " And in a follow-up answer regarding Clapper 's Libya statement , Carney said Graham 's response "  was based on a real misinterpretation of what Director Clapper said today . " Asked if the president still had confidence in Clapper , Carney said , "  Yes , full faith and confidence . " In a conference-call phone briefing Thursday night , National Security Adviser Tom Donilon said he believed Clapper "  was presenting a kind of a flat-out resources analysis " of the situation in Libya . "  He went through the kind of equipment and resources that the regime has . " Donilon said . "  And I think if you look at it , he said from a standpoint of attrition , if you do an attrition analysis , you get to his conclusion . " In the same conference call , Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes addressed the issue of specific adversary nations , saying the issue is "  a matter of capability  in the case of China and Russia  versus intent " to be a U.S. adversary "  that leads you to focus on nations such as North Korea , organizations such as al Qaeda , who again are a great focus of what we do here every day . " That seemed to be the thrust of Clapper 's protracted exchange on Thursday after Manchin asked Clapper what nations he thought posed the greatest threat to the United States . Clapper said Russia and China posed a mortal threat , citing their nuclear arsenals and military capabilities . But he added that he did n't think either nation had the intent to strike the United States . That clearly was not the answer Levin expected . . "  You did n't mention Iran or North Korea , which would have been the first two countries I would have thought of in response to that question , " the committee chairman . "  I was really kind of taken aback almost by your answer . " Clapper explained that he interpreted the question to be what countries pose a "  mortal threat " to the United States . "  Iran and North Korea are , you know of great concern . I do n't know at this point in time they pose a direct mortal threat to the continental United States , " he said . Levin pressed Clapper on whether Russia and China were a direct mortal threat to the United States , and Clapper reiterated that they both had the capability , but it was unlikely they had the intent . Levin then flipped the question : "  By that measure we represent the direct mortal threat to both of them , right ? " Clapper seemed to avoid a direct answer but eventually answered yes . Manchin stepped in to to see if he could clarify Clapper 's position by asking which nation has the intent to be the greatest adversary . Clapper answered , "  Probably China , " which once again set Levin off . "  I 'm just as surprised by that answer as I was by your first answer , " Levin said . Clapper tried to explain that he was "  loath " to pick one country and restated that both China and Russia have the capability , but he did n't think either had the intent . Levin suggested Clapper needs to be more careful with his words . "  When the Director of National Intelligence talks about what are the greatest threats , unless he starts with capabilities , and uses that , and does n't just answer ` China and Russia ' the way he did -- I was concerned by the answer . " After the hearing , Levin issued a statement saying , "  I was taken aback by Director Clapper 's statement about China and Russia and , frankly , I was surprised by how long it took him to correct the impression that he created . He did finally correct it , however , and I am glad that he did , and I am satisfied with his correction . " This is n't the first time Clapper has had to explain comments he has made . He was called on the carpet last month for referring to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt as a secular organization at another Congressional hearing . And during an interview with ABC News in December 2010 , Clapper appeared unaware of a terrorist plot that had been interrupted in Britain earlier in the day . In both cases , the Office of the Director of National Intelligence put out statements on Clapper 's behalf . In the instance of the ABC News interview , the office said the director had not been briefed on the UK terror plot .	NEW : Spokeswoman says Clapper is standing by his comments on Libya NEW : National security adviser : Clapper was giving a "  flat-out resources analysis " In testimony , he said Libyan regime would "  prevail " over rebels , prompting criticism His statement that China , Russia pose greatest threat to U.S. irks Sen. Carl Levin
New York  CNN  -- The nurses involved in a maternity ward scuffle with Douglas Kennedy should be investigated and disciplined , Kennedy 's lawyers say . Kennedy , Robert F. Kennedy 's son , was arrested and faces misdemeanor charges over the melee at a New York hospital last month in which he knocked down a nurse while he was holding his newborn son . "  The only issue is the aggressive and unprofessional conduct of two nurses , " attorney Robert Gottlieb said in a letter sent this week to the hospital . Gottlieb said the Kennedys have asked that a "  thorough investigation be undertaken immediately of the nurses involved in this disgraceful incident and that appropriate disciplinary action taken against them . " Kennedy was arraigned last week on harassment and child endangerment charges , attorneys for both sides have said . Kennedy -- a Fox News contributor -- was trying to take his newborn son for a walk "  to get fresh air " outside Northern Westchester Hospital in Mount Kisco on January 7 when two nurses intervened to prevent him from leaving , they said . Kennedy , who was accompanied by a hospital doctor , allegedly twisted the arm of one nurse to move her away from a door and kicked another after she approached him , according to Elliot Taub , the attorney for both nurses . The doctor who accompanied Kennedy , Timothy Haydock , who is a longtime family friend , said the nurses had initially agreed to let Kennedy take the baby outside . "  The nurses were the only aggressors , " Haydock said in a statement delivered by Kennedy 's attorney . But Taub said neither nurse recognized Kennedy as the child 's father and intended to protect the baby , who apparently had not been discharged . They were trying to enforce hospital rules , Taub said . Northern Westchester Hospital issued a statement Monday in support of the nurses . "  At Northern Westchester Hospital , patient safety is our priority and we completely support the actions of our nursing staff in this case as they were clearly acting out of concern for the safety of a newborn baby . " Kennedy has denied the allegations , saying that "  the nurse had no right to grab our child out of his father 's arms . " The late Robert F. Kennedy was the younger brother of slain President John F. Kennedy and had served as U.S. attorney general and U.S. senator . He was assassinated in 1968 while campaigning for the Democratic presidential nomination . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Douglas Kennedy was arraigned last week on misdemeanor charges He knocked down a nurse while he was holding his newborn son , attorneys say Kennedy wanted to take his son out for some "  fresh air , " attorneys say Douglas Kennedy is the son of the late U.S. Sen. Robert F. Kennedy
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton says it would be "  spectacular " if his new Mercedes team were able to compete when the 2013 Formula One season begins in March , but the 2008 world champion is not expecting to challenge at the front of the grid . Hamilton ended a career-long association with McLaren to sign a three-year deal with Mercedes in September . Despite competing for race wins in each of his six seasons with McLaren , the Briton accepts that his new team are some way behind the pace set by his former employers and Ferrari and Red Bull . "  I think it 's important to be patient and realistic , " the 28-year-old was quoted as saying on Formula One 's official website . "  You 've got to remember that the way Formula One has gone over the years , with the car evolving each year and how long it takes to find one second throughout the season . "  Mercedes were 1.1 seconds behind in Brazil ... it 's going to be very difficult for them in three months to gain two seconds . So I 've just got to be wary of that , but I know that the guys are working as hard as they can and every little bit counts . "  This is a marathon , not a sprint . It 's looking like the long haul . I hope that this year that we can be competitive . If we arrive at the first race and we are at the front it 's going to be spectacular , but if we 're not , then we just have to keep on working at it . " Hamilton endured a frustrating 2012 campaign with five race retirements denting his title challenge , eventually having to settle for a fourth-place finish in the drivers ' championship . The Briton is willing to display similar patience with his new team . "  You 've got to remember I had a couple of half-dodgy cars in the past , one in particular in 2009 , but it did get better , " he continued . "  Perseverance is going to be key for all of us . "  There is a great spirit -- just as there was in my previous team -- and the guys seem hungrier than any group of people I 've seen before . They seem seriously hungry to win and excited that they have another shot of it again this year . " Hamilton is looking forward to getting behind the wheel of his new car during preseason testing in Jerez , Spain next month , before making his grand prix debut in Australia in March . "  Hopefully in those first days I 'll have quite a good impact because I 'll be able to compare one car to the other and say what we do and do n't have , " he said . "  I 'll be able to say how the car is and how it could be better . But it 'll take some time to dial in and get up to speed because they 've got different controls on the steering wheel , different settings , a different set-up , and different characteristics of aero balance . "  I do n't know how long it 'll take for me to dial those in but I 'm on top of it and I 'm ready to get going . "	Lewis Hamilton is not expecting Mercedes to challenge immediately Hamilton left McLaren to join Mercedes on a three-year deal The 2008 world champion finished fourth in last year 's drivers ' championship Hamilton will make his Mercedes debut at the Australian Grand Prix in March
CNN  Calise Manning is being called a hero for helping her pregnant mother and calling 911 operators in Kalamazoo , Michigan . "  She 's shaking and she 's having a baby , " Calise tells a dispatcher in 911 audio obtained by CNN affiliate WWMT . "  My mom is really pregnant and she 's having a boy and she really needs help . " Her mother Centerria Manning , who was 9-months pregnant and epileptic , had apparently fallen to the floor in the midst of a seizure on Wednesday . She said they had practiced what to do in an emergency . "  I was so proud of her , because we practiced and I teach her because I am epileptic , " Manning said . "  I  taught  her the address and my full name and things like that , and how to dial 911 . " Her fiancée was at work at the time . In a lighter moment during the nearly 7 1/2 minute call , a dispatcher asks Calise "  How old are you honey ? " Calise responds , "  four , " before adding an important detail . "  Yes , and I 'm almost getting bigger . " The mother was taken to the hospital where her healthy baby brother , TJ Manning , was born Friday morning . Wearing an "  I 'm the Big Sister " T-shirt , Calise told the WWMT reporter at the hospital "  It was really good to ride in the ambulance with mom . " The dispatcher who handled the call told the station that she 's recommending Calise get an award for being calm in a scary situation .	4-year-old Calise Manning called 911 when her mom was in trouble She 9-months pregnant and epileptic , and had apparently fallen to the floor in the midst of a seizure
Abducted . Sold . On the brink of freedom . Converted to Islam and married off ... despite the claims and counterclaims the fate of more than 200 girls kidnapped by Boko Haram on April 14 remains as unclear as ever . On October 17 , Nigerian officials announced they had reached a ceasefire deal with Boko Haram that included the girls ' release . Hassan Tukur , principal secretary to President Goodluck Jonathan said the deal followed a month of negotiations with representatives of the group in Chad . "  We have agreed on the release of the Chibok schoolgirls , and we expect to conclude on that at our next meeting with the group 's representative next week in Chad , " he said . The announcement revived hopes the girls ' would be released and reawakened the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag on Twitter . But analysts questioned the veracity of the government 's claim and Boko Haram remained silent on the ceasefire -- and active in northeastern Nigeria , where it carried out more attacks and abductions . Finally , on November 1 , a video appeared of the group 's leader , Abubakar Shekau saying no ceasefire been reached . As for the girls , Shekau said they had converted to Islam and had been married off , saying with a chuckle in the video : "  They are in their marital homes . " So did Nigeria 's government truly believe it had reached a truce with Boko Haram ? CNN 's Isha Sesay has covered the girls ' abduction since they were taken from Chibok and traveled to Nigeria after last month 's announcement they were to be released . Sesay says indications are that talks certainly had been taking place . "  From people I 've spoken to on the ground , it does seem that there was some effort under way to free the girls , " she said . But Sesay says some sources believe the Nigerian government may have been dealing with the wrong people . In an article for CNN last week , analyst Darren Kew also pointed out that many Nigerian journalists had questioned whether the man said to be negotiating on behalf of Boko Haram 's leadership was a genuine representative of the group . In his video , Shekau certainly indicated that he was not , denying knowing the man and adding : "  We will not spare him and will slaughter him if we get him . " After the Boko Haram leader 's message , Nigeria 's government again reiterated that negotiations had taken place , saying Shekau 's comments contradicted assertions made in conversations with Nigerian officials . "  We 've heard about the video , and we can say the road to peace is bumpy -- and you can not expect otherwise , " a spokesman said . "  Nigeria has been fighting a war , and wars do n't end overnight . " What clues are there as to the girls ' whereabouts ? This is the crucial unanswered question . CNN 's Nima Elbagir visited Chibok in May and met with a girl who had managed to flee from Boko Haram the night of the abduction . The girl told Elbagir how she made a dash for freedom after militants loaded them into trucks and drove them into the nearby Sambisa Forest . President Jonathan also said the girls were in the forest , which at that time was an Boko Haram stronghold . Sesay says that belief had persisted for a long time but the militants -- and therefore the girls -- were no longer thought to be in that area . "  The feeling among Nigerian government officials I have spoken to is that the girls were broken into groups and have been dispersed along the Chad , Cameroon and Niger borders -- that they 're in those border areas , " she said . What about Shekau 's claim the girls have been married off ? On October 27 , Human Rights Watch  HRW  released a report on Boko Haram violence against women and girls in Nigeria after interviewing kidnap victims including 12 of the Chibok girls . "  The victims were held in eight different Boko Haram camps that they believed to be in the 518-square-kilometer Sambisa Forest Reserve and around the Gwoza hills for periods ranging from two days to three months , " the report said . "  The women and girls told Human Rights Watch that for refusing to convert to Islam , they and many others they saw in the camps were subjected to physical and psychological abuse ; forced labor ; forced participation in military operations , including carrying ammunition or luring men into ambush ; forced marriage to their captors ; and sexual abuse , including rape . " HRW documented eight cases of sexual violence by Boko Haram combatants saying "  most cases of rape occurred after the victims were forced to marry . " Sesay said the report suggest that the girls have likely been married off to Boko Haram combatants , who are believed to number around 10,000 . "  If indeed Shekau 's statements are true , it 's probably likely that they have been married to Boko Haram fighters or to Boko Haram supporters , " she said . Who would fight for Boko Haram ? Human Rights Watch said witnesses had described the abduction of men and boys -- especially those of fighting age -- by Boko Haram . "  The men and boys are often given the option of joining the group or being killed . Other men appeared to have been targeted for abduction because of their specific skills or occupation , which filled a need in the insurgents ' camp , " the group said in its October report . But not all combatants are forced . "  One thing that I keep hearing when I 'm in Nigeria is the question of ` Who is Boko Haram ? ' says Isha Sesay . "  Is it ideologues ? Is it young people from those very communities who are almost like mercenaries who become involved because they are going to be paid and make some money ? "  According to some security experts I spoke to they 're not all Nigerians , some of them are from those neighboring countries and some of them are paid fighters . " Where does support for the group come from ? The notion of support for Boko Haram is complicated , says Sesay . "  When Boko Haram first sprang up , they rose with an agenda of trying to address the inequality between the Muslim north -- which has been under invested in and has high levels of poverty and lower levels of education -- and the rest of the country . It was about social ills -- that 's what they originally came onto the scene professing . " But in 2009 , the struggle became violent . Police killed Boko Haram 's founder Mohammed Yusuf , and he was replaced by current leader Abubakar Shekau . "  When they were a ` social ills campaign , ' so to speak , they had some amount of support among ordinary Nigerians who felt that here were people who were speaking out on their behalf , saying they needed more support from the government and they 'd been long ignored , " Sesay said . "  Things took a turn when they became a violent extremist group that began smashing and burning and murdering people . And I think in the north east -- particularly in those three states that are under a state of emergency -- it 's just fear -- it 's just absolute fear . "  People have fled their homes , there are large camps for internally displaced persons camps scattered around the country with thousands of people in them . "  The instability that this has brought to the north in terms of its economy and its day-to-day life ca n't even be quantified . So I think by and large in the north , I do n't hear of civilian support for Boko Haram . "	Nigeria 's claim of a truce with Boko Haram raised hopes for release of kidnapped girls But Boko Haram 's leader Abubakar Shekau issued a video denying any ceasefire Shekau said he did not know the negotiator claiming to represent Boko Haram The girls kidnapped from Chibok , he said , had converted to Islam and been married off
CNN  -- The election of a pope from Latin America shows the emerging influence of the region in the Catholic church and the world , church officials and world leaders said Wednesday . "  His selection ... speaks to the strength and vitality of a region that is increasingly shaping our world , " U.S. President Barack Obama said . Obama said he looked forward to working with the pope to advance peace and dignity for people , regardless of their faiths . "  The election of a pope from the ` new world ' is an occasion of genuinely historic proportions , " Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said in a statement . Positive reactions came in from around the globe . Argentina 's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner congratulated the pontiff . "  It is our desire that you have , in assuming the driving and guiding of the church , fruitful pastoral work of such great responsibilities in pursuit of the justice , the equality , the fraternity and the peace of humanity , " she added . Mexico 's Catholic bishops released a statement praising the news . "  For the churches that are pilgrims in Latin America , it is the cause of great joy , " the statement said . "  For the Mexican church , it is a clear sign of love for the churches that are pilgrims in these lands . " First Latin American pope ` very exciting , ' faithful say Archbishop Philip Tartaglia , president of the Bishops ' Conference of Scotland , called the new pope a reconciler and healer . "  His name reminds us of the little saint of Assisi . A simple man who was the poor servant of Jesus and who was given the message ` rebuild my church . ' It is a very significant message for our time , " he said in a written statement . The Archbishop of Canterbury , head of the Church of England , said the two churches each hold "  a special place for one another . " "  His election is also of great significance to Christians everywhere , not least among Anglicans . " the Most Rev. Justin Welby said . "  May the love of Christ unite us , and intensify our service in a genuine and fruitful ecumenism that can be a blessing for the body of Christ throughout the world . " The Council on American-Islamic Relations , a leading Muslim civil rights group based in Washington , offered its support . "  We congratulate Pope Francis on his election by the College of Cardinals and offer the Muslim community 's support and cooperation in every positive effort he will undertake for peace , justice and the betterment of humanity , " Executive Director Nihad Awad said in a news release . 5 things to know about Pope Francis In Asia , Father Raymond O'Toole , the Hong Kong-based secretary general of the Federation of Asian Bishops ' Conferences said , "  It is great news to see that he 's a very humble man , one who is dedicated to reach out to the poor , has a very simple lifestyle himself . Those things can be very , very positive for the Holy See . " In Australia , Melbourne Archbishop Denis Hart said the Vatican had chosen a pope committed to social justice and Catholic doctrine . "  As Archbishop of Melbourne and President of the Australian Catholic Bishops Conference , I joyfully welcome the glad news of the appointment of Pope Francis , " he said in a statement . "  For two weeks , the Catholics of the world have been without the spiritual father of their family . We have been looking forward to this special moment when our new Holy Father , chief teacher and shepherd would be announced . " The Syrian National Council , the Syrian opposition , congratulated Pope Francis and called on him to pay special consideration to the suffering of the Syrian people . "  Our people from all faith backgrounds have hope that His Holiness , The See of Peter , The Supreme Pontiff , with his message of peace and love , will pay a special attention to Syria , the cradle of love , peace and coexistence whose people are suffering from all kinds of blatant abuses and grave dangers . " Pope 's name choice ` precedent shattering ' But not everyone was thrilled by the choice of this pope . Several organizations in America worried that the Catholic church will continue what they see as policies that discriminate against homosexuals or seek to cover up sexual assaults on children . The executive director of New Ways Ministry , a "  gay-positive ministry of advocacy and justice for lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender  LGBT  Catholics , " said he hoped Pope Francis would be open to other views . "  As a cardinal in Argentina , the new pope spoke strongly against marriage equality and against the right for gay and lesbian people to adopt children , " said Francis DeBernardo . "  We hope that in his new office , he will have the wisdom to hear all sides of these complex issues and that he will inject pastoral messages into his statements . " And American Atheists said on its Facebook page that it found the Catholic church 's decision "  backward and disgusting . " "  Another anti-LGBT , anti-abortion dinosaur . Despicable . Disappointed , but hardly surprised , " the post said . The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , in a blog post on the Media Statements section of its website , said Pope Francis had a duty to help prevent sexual assaults against children . "  We are grateful he does n't work in the Vatican and is n't a member of the Curia . We hope that will give him the courage to shake things up and put the prevention of abuse and cover up first on his priority list , " it said . CNN 's Catherine Shoichet and Per Nyberg contributed to this story . CNN 's Madison Park and journalist Peter Shadbolt contributed from Hong Kong .	Argentine president hopes the pope will have "  fruitful pastoral work " President Obama says selection speaks to emerging role of Latin America Mexican bishops say it is a sign of love for pilgrims in the region Francis should make preventing child sexual abuse a priority , survivors group says
CNN  -- Russia 's child rights ombudsman slammed Texas prosecutors for deciding not to charge the adoptive parents of a Russian boy who died suddenly , Russia 's RIA Novosti news agency reported Tuesday . On Monday , the Ector County district attorney said a grand jury declined to indict Laura and Alan Shatto , the adoptive parents of 3-year-old Max Shatto . A Texas coroner had declared Max 's death in January accidental , but Moscow demanded a complete report from U.S. officials . Russian Children 's Rights Commissioner Pavel Astakhov claimed the district attorney 's office has not done enough in investigating the case of Max , also known as Maxim Kuzmin . "  The Texas prosecutors ' position in the case of Maxim Kuzmin is upsetting , because they refused to scrutinize the circumstances of his death , " Astakhov tweeted , according to RIA Novosti . But District Attorney Bobby Bland said the grand jury found no evidence to charge the Shattos . "  This death was the result of a tragic accident occurring most likely on playground equipment , " Bland 's office said , according to CNN affiliate KOSA . "  When a child dies so young and tragically , it is natural to want to hold someone accountable . However , in this case , there is no evidence to support holding anybody criminally responsible . " Investigating the death This month , Bland told CNN that said four pathologists and the Ector County medical examiner attributed the death to a laceration of a small bowel mesentery artery because of blunt trauma to the abdominal area . The bruising was consistent with a "  self-inflicted " injury , Bland said . A statement from the Ector County Sheriff 's Office said the boy "  had previously been seen for a behavioral disorder that manifested itself in self-injury and these bruises were consistent with that diagnosis . " Astakhov had accused the adoptive mother of killing the boy and giving him "  psychotropic substances , " RIA Novosti reported . But toxicology reports were negative , and there were no substances found that could have contributed to the child 's death . International strain on adoptions The death drew international attention after Astakhov said that the boy was "  killed " or "  murdered . " In February , Astakhov said he tweeted those words based on the initial reports he received about the death but acknowledged he may have spoken too soon . Russia concerned over adopted boy 's cause of death Still , he said he wanted his country to ban all international adoptions of Russian children . Moscow passed a law in December banning adoptions of Russian children by Americans . That pending law was set ostensibly because of documented cases of abuse by adoptive parents . But some say the Russian move was retaliation for a U.S. law that places restrictions on Russian human rights abusers . Max 's death aggravated U.S. State Department efforts to push through more than 500 adoption cases in which American families have already begun the process of adopting a Russian child . Americans adopted nearly 1,000 Russian children last year , according to State Department figures . Though the number has been dropping in recent years , Russia remains the third most popular foreign country -- after China and Ethiopia -- for U.S. foreign adoptions .	3-year-old Max Shatto died suddenly in January A Texas grand jury declined to indict his parents , prosecutors say Russia 's child rights ombudsman criticizes the prosecutors ' handling of the case The death has strained efforts to push through international adoptions
CNN  An American actor living in Canada has been arrested on voyeurism charges in Toronto , police said . Jean-Paul Manoux , also known as J.P. Manoux , was arrested on Tuesday . He 's scheduled to appear before a judge on March 11 . It started when two women in their mid-twenties rented a condo from the actor . According to the Toronto Police Service , the women alerted them after they "  discovered hidden cameras and video equipment connected to the internet . " Police said in a statement that the actor has rented out this condo before and they "  believe there may be other victims . " The 45-year-old Manoux is a U.S. citizen , but a permanent resident of Canada . He works in both countries , according to the his website . He 's a busy actor , but largely in smaller parts , with more than 140 film and television credits , according to IMDb . You may have seen him in the film "  Knocked Up , " or on TV in "  ER , " "  Community , " "  How I Met Your Mother , " and most recently the Canadian sitcom "  Spun Out . " CNN has reached out to Manoux 's representatives , but they have yet to respond . CNN 's Henry Hanks and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Voyeurism charges were filed against Manoux in Toronto Manoux has more than 140 TV and film credits
CNN  There are tiring commutes . And then there 's James Robertson 's commute . The 56-year-old Detroit man walks 21 miles every weekday as part of his journey to and from the factory where he works . "  I never thought anything I did would garner this much attention , " Robertson said . Robertson takes the bus some of the way , but for the past decade , ever since his car broke down , he has trudged the better part of a marathon each workday . Rain , snow or shine . After reading about Robertson 's commute in a Detroit Free Press article from over the weekend , college student Evan Leedy was moved . Like Robertson , the 19-year-old lives and works in two counties , so he spends a great deal of time commuting himself . But Leedy has a car . Leedy decided to set up an online fundraiser to buy Robertson a new car . "  My first car cost $ 3,000 , " Leedy said , "  So I set the goal at $ 5,000 . Within an hour , we 'd raised $ 2,000 . " Leedy 's fundraiser on GoFundMe has blown past its original goal , reaching more than $ 257,000 by Tuesday evening . Robertson , in a video message posted on the Free Press website , gave thanks . "  Everybody calls me the inspiration , but to those who have been great enough to donate and everything ... it was really so welcome that I do n't know what to tell you , " he said . "  You guys are the heroes . " Comments on the page from people donating money suggested that the story of Robertson 's dedication to getting to work had tapped into a deep well of public feeling . "  Thank you for inspiring me and hopefully tons of other people to persevere in the face of adversity , " said a contributor by the name of Kevin LeMelle . "  You are a true American hero . " "  We could use more men like James Robertson in this world , " wrote a donor named Betty Blanchard . Blake Pollack identifies with the strangers ' words of support . He first spotted Robertson during his own work commute a year and a half ago . "  Climbing over snow banks , when it was pouring down rain in the summer , " Pollack said , "  Whatever the weather , he was there . " Pollack approached Robertson , who told the financial executive his story . Pollack promised to give him a ride the next time he saw him . "  Two to three months later , I saw him on a corner , " Pollack remembered , "  And I asked if he needed a ride to work . " Pollack estimates he 's given Robertson between 40 and 50 rides since then , and the two men from vastly different worlds have formed an unlikely friendship . The pleasure , Pollack said , has been all his . "  I 'm the lucky one , " Pollack said . "  Driving him around is n't a chore , it 's a reward . " Pollack said Robertson is inspirational and funny , adding that his work ethic puts anyone to shame . "  I set our attendance standard by this man , " Todd Wilson , plant manager at the engineering factory , told the newspaper . "  I say , if this man can get here , walking all those miles through snow and rain , well I 'll tell you , I have people in Pontiac 10 minutes away and they say they ca n't get here -- bull ! " Robertson apparently has a perfect attendance record . He earns $ 10.55 an hour , not enough to save up to buy , insure and operate a car in the city , according to the newspaper . With the online donations now topping $ 200,000 , Robertson , Pollack and Leedy met together for the first time Monday night . The overwhelming support has extended beyond money -- and several car dealerships have offered to give him a vehicle outright . "  Now that -LSB- the effort -RSB- is so big , there 's so much more to think about , " Leedy said . There are , unfortunately , people who want to take advantage of Robertson 's newfound celebrity and his generosity , Pollack said . He put together a team that includes an attorney from a large law firm in Michigan , a CPA and a certified financial planner that he says will ensure the donation money is handled appropriately and in a way that best serves Robertson . "  This money that is being given to him -- he earned every penny of it , " Leedy said , just by his work ethic and his attitude . He 's been making the arduous 21-mile journey from Detroit to Rochester Hills since his 1988 Honda Accord gave up on him . The donations mean that Robertson 's mode of transportation will likely soon be changing , and without the long commute , he 'll probably be getting a lot more sleep . But he loves where he works , so he has no plans to change much else . "  I ca n't imagine not working , " Robertson said . "  It 's what I 've always done . " Robertson , in his message , said he never expected as much support as he has received . He encouraged people to look out for one another . "  If this story will touch at least one person and inspire them to do something out of the goodness of their heart , I will be the happiest person alive , " he said . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Detroit man thanks supporters James Robertson has done much of his long journey to work on foot since his car broke down A newspaper article about his daunting commute spurs online fundraisers to buy new car "  We could use more men like James Robertson in this world , " one donor writes
CNN  -- Hayatullah Dawari is a former doctor in Philadelphia who treated American troops in his native Afghanistan while working with the American Red Cross , according to his lawyer . But in the eyes of the United States government , Dawari has been working with an anti-Western insurgent group in Afghanistan with ties to al Qaeda . These two very different images of Dawari emerged after he appeared Friday in federal court in Philadelphia on immigration fraud charges . "  We intend to prove he was a member of HIG while he lived back in Afghanistan and Pakistan , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Jennifer Arbittier Williams told CNN . She was referring to Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin , an Afghan political party and militant organization founded by a man the U.S. Treasury Department has designated a terrorist . According to court documents , Dawari has been in touch with HIG associates in Pakistan and in January was the intended recipient of a book sent from Pakistan containing a secret message glued between two pages . The note , when translated to English , "  appears to contain a coded message directing some urgent action , " according to court documents . "  He has no idea what they 're talking about , " said Nino Tinari , Dawari 's attorney . "  There are no coded messages . There was no reason to have any coded message . " According to Tinari , Dawari planned on using the book , which was intercepted by the FBI before Dawari was able to receive it , to teach children at his mosque . Tinari told CNN affiliate WPVI that his client may have treated members of terrorist organizations as a doctor in Afghanistan before coming to the United States in 2008 but that he himself is not a terrorist . The government has not charged Dawari with any terrorism charges . The court case stems from charges of immigration fraud . According to court documents , Dawari neglected to document his association with HIG in a 2013 application for U.S. citizenship . On the application , he was asked , "  Have you ever been a member of or associated with any organization , association , fund , foundation , party , club , society , or similar group in the United States or in any place ? " He placed an "  X " in the box marked "  No , " the court papers said . The prosecution alleged that Dawari confirmed his membership in the group during a telephone call within weeks of submitting his naturalization application . Court papers described HIG as a "  violent , anti-western terrorist group ... affiliated with al Qaida , and it has claimed responsibility for many attacks against U.S. and coalition forces . " Dawari , 62 , who pleaded not guilty Friday , was ordered held without bail . The prosecution argued that Dawari is a severe flight risk and a serious danger to the community . If convicted , Dawari faces a maximum charge of 20 years ' in prison and deportation . The all-American al Qaeda suicide bomber CNN 's Haimy Assefa contributed to this story .	Hayatullah Dawari , 62 , is a former doctor who reportedly has worked with the Red Cross Prosecutors say he also has been working with an anti-Western insurgent group The group in Afghanistan has ties to al Qaeda , prosecutors say Dawari was in federal court on immigration fraud charges
CNN  -- Indian tennis player Sania Mirza has used her Twitter page to thank well-wishers following the announcement of her marriage to Pakistan cricketer Shoaib Malik . The wedding , which will take place in April , brings together two nuclear powers historically divided by political and sporting rivalry . On Tuesday , the 23-year-old Mirza greeted her 13,205 followers with the message : "  Hi Guys ! Me & Shoaib are very happy in this new phase of our life.Want to thank the media & all you guys for the wishes . Lots of love to all . " Mirza divides opinion in India , drawing criticism from strict Muslim groups for her short tennis skirts and jewellery , while gaining plaudits and fans for her achievements on the court . She became the first Indian to win a WTA Tour title in 2005 , reached the fourth round of the U.S. Open later that year and won the Australian Open mixed doubles last year . The announcement of the marriage between the two Muslims comes two months after Mirza broke off her engagement to a childhood friend . "  I have been in the constant glare for too long and would appreciate the privacy at this very personal moment in my life , " her statement said . Malik , 28 , is a former national captain who is currently serving a year-long ban from the Pakistan Cricket Board due to indiscipline on a tour of Australia . He caused controversy in 2007 when , after losing to India in the World Twenty20 final , he thanked Muslims from "  all over the world " for their support . India and Pakistan have fought three wars since their independence in 1947 .	Indian tennis player Sania Mirza to marry Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik Union brings together two nuclear powers with years of bitter rivalry Mirza 's short tennis skirts have drawn criticizm from Muslim groups in India
Editor 's note : This article contains possible spoilers for the Olympic opening ceremony . EW.com  -- The opening ceremony for the 2012 Olympic Games has been shrouded in mystery , with director Danny Boyle keen to keep any details of the $ 42 million spectacle under wraps . However despite acknowledging that the Internet and social media make it too tempting for people to keep a secret and that spoilers are now part of "  the modern world , " Boyle graciously invited 60,000 fans to witness a rehearsal of the ceremony at the Olympic Stadium in London , days before the actual event , asking them to not tweet photos and suggesting the hashtag #savethesurprise . Despite many of the clearly wowed audience sticking to the director 's wishes , details have since emerged , so what exactly do we know ? Or what do we think we know ? Way back in April it was rumored that Daniel Craig had filmed a segment as James Bond at Buckingham Palace with Boyle . This segment purportedly ends with Bond parachuting into the Olympic Stadium and kicking things off in style . We 're betting the parachute bear a Union Jack , echoing the opening of "  The Spy Who Loved Me . " OLYMPICS 2012 : Get the latest news , photos , and more The theme of the entire event is ` Isles of Wonder ' and rumors of cottages , green fields with cricket matches and free roaming sheep present a chocolate-box ideal of the U.K. , something more akin to the Shire . With Boyle at the helm , director of "  Trainspotting , " "  28 Days Later , " "  Slumdog Millionaire , " and the recent stage adaption of "  Frankenstein , " we ca n't expect the events to be all sweetness and light . Aerial photographs have shown dark smoke stacks and The Huffington Post reports "  There will be vignettes drawing on British history -- Boyle 's people-power version of it -- including Depression-era jobless protesters and nurses performing a tribute to the National Health Service . " One part of the stadium is even set up to look like the Empire Windrush -- a ship that brought migrants from the Caribbean to the U.K. in the 1940s . Perhaps the most intriguing prediction comes from British newspaper The Sunday Times . Bordering on the so-crazy-it-just-might-work , the paper reports that a 40-foot Voldemort is set to do battle with an army of Mary Poppins ' . Yes , you read that correctly . After a dance routine where approximately 100 kids dance on hospital beds , and representations of famous children 's book characters join them , Voldemort pops out of a giant bed , surrounded by flying Dementors terrorizing the youngsters . This is where the 30 or so Mary Poppins ' will float into the stadium to do battle with He Who Must Not Be Named . The final act will feature a host of musicians , culminating in a performance of ` Hey Jude ' by none other than He Who Must Not Be Silenced , Paul McCartney . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	2012 Olympic opening ceremony will take place on July 27 Viewers of a special rehearsal hint at segments echoing "  James Bond , " "  Harry Potter " The event , directed by Danny Boyle , cost $ 42 million to organize
CNN  -- While hotels and resorts have long leaned on Mother Nature to enhance their guest experiences , few wild assets rival that of prime waterfront real estate -- be it on a sugary sand beach or a dramatic rocky bluff . Fortunately for travelers , there 's a lot of choice for those seeking a great coastal getaway . Culled from Travel + Leisure 's annual World 's Best Awards , the top 10 hotels listed here were rated highly by readers -- and come with ocean breezes , water views and ultra-scenic shores . Asked to evaluate properties for categories including rooms/facilities , location and service , survey-takers made it clear that a coastal location can be one of a hotel 's greatest features . No matter your definition of what makes a great coastal hotel , from the Florida Keys to Oregon , there 's one clear characteristic that all of the properties flaunt : Location , location , location -- Adrien Glover Travel + Leisure : See all of America 's best coastal hotels 1 . The Lodge , Sea Island , Georgia This is a genteel lodge with 40 country-style rooms and on-site access to a legendary golf course . A bagpiper roams the grounds every evening . Room to book : Numbers 2 and 3 have enormous balconies that overlook the 18th hole at Plantation Golf Course . Insider tip : Guests have access to the amenities of the lodge 's sister property , The Cloister , including its 65,000-square-foot spa and the Georgian Room restaurant . 2 . The Cloister , Sea Island , Georgia This historic 1928 Mediterranean-style resort has four pools and is set on a secluded beach . Room to book : Beach Club suites have kitchens , fireplaces and balconies . Insider tip : Take a 90-minute tour  $ 100 per person  of the salt marsh onboard the Cloister Belle , a restored antique yacht . You 'll see oyster beds and live shrimp . Travel + Leisure : America 's best little beach towns 3 . Elizabeth Pointe Lodge , Amelia Island , Florida Off the coast of Florida , the Elizabeth Pointe Lodge has configurations for every type of traveler . Each of the four suites of the nearby Ocean House opens onto a private deck . The Miller Cottage is built for families or groups , with two bedrooms and bathrooms , a living room and a patio . And the 20-room Main House 's lawn fans out into beachgrass-tufted sand dunes . Room to book : Number 16 is a corner room with a rainforest shower for two and ocean views from the king bed . Insider tip : Set aside a day to tee off . Amelia Island has 117 holes of championship golf , including a PGA tournament course . 4 . Market Pavilion Hotel , Charleston , South Carolina Charleston 's newest luxury hotel delivers the best skyline and harbor views in town , plus a charming rooftop bar and pool from which to take them in . Room to book : Even-numbered rooms on the second floor with balconies . Insider tip : Enjoy one of many taste experiences : sipping a sunset cocktail at the chic rooftop Pavilion Bar ; savoring a center-cut strip steak , wet aged for 42-50 days at the hotel 's Grill 225 ; tasting pastry chef Gerry Elliot 's flamed Baked Carolina . 5 . Grand Del Mar , San Diego , California This is an opulent 2007 property swathed in Italian marble and European refinement -- plus hiking trails , golf and a family-friendly pool . Room to book : Most of the Veranda rooms look out over the Grand Golf Club . Insider tip : Check out the list of the resort 's outdoor tours  for a fee  from a sea cave kayaking trip to a guided coastal hike . Travel + Leisure : America 's best outdoor restaurants 6 . Cavallo Point -- The Lodge at the Golden Gate , Sausalito , California With a prime location in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area , Cavallo Point blends old and new to great effect . The restored buildings of Fort Baker , a former U.S. army base , house its 142 rooms and suites . And there 's plenty to do on site , beginning with a Healing Arts Center & Spa , an organic Tea Bar , a cooking school and yoga classes . Room to book : The Historic Deluxe with View rooms in the Contemporary building have just that -- sweeping panoramas of the San Francisco Bay -- along with gas fireplaces , buttery-leather armchairs and vintage crown molding . Insider tip : Try the hotel 's healing arts services , which range from acupuncture to clinical massage , hypnotherapy to energy work . 7 . Four Seasons Resort Hualalai at Historic Ka'upulehu , Hawaii The Four Seasons Resort Hualalai is made up of a string of two-story bungalows built upon ancient lava rock . The updated Hualalai Spa now has 10 outdoor treatment rooms . Room to book : Each Deluxe Ocean View suite comes with a concierge , a private beach cabana and daily delivery of fresh tropical fruit . Insider tip : Locals give lessons about Hawaiian history , lei making and the art of hula at the resort 's Hualalai Cultural Center . Travel + Leisure : America 's most dangerous bridges 8 . Sunset Key Guest Cottages , A Westin Resort , Key West , Florida There are white-washed cottages -- with a spa of individual suites and a Todd Holender-run restaurant -- on a secluded island near Key West . Room to book : One of the two luxury cottages fronting the beach -- they have full gourmet kitchens , private plunge pools and sunken bathtubs . Insider tip : Fish caught off the resort 's own pier can be prepared at Latitudes restaurant . 9 . White Elephant , Nantucket , Massachusetts This is one of Nantucket Town 's plushest resorts , on a prime spot on the edge of the harbor , with an expansive waterfront patio and chaise-dotted green lawns . Room to book : Harbor-View Rooms cost quite a bit more than standard doubles  about $ 150 more in high season  -- but the stunning views over passing sailboats are worth it . Travel + Leisure : America 's most dangerous bridges Insider tip : Try the Brant Point Grill 's New England Little Neck Clams , peppered with vine-ripened tomatoes and lathered with champagne butter . 10 . Stephanie Inn Hotel , Cannon Beach , Oregon This is a shingled sanctuary overlooking Haystack Rock . All 41 rooms are equipped with fireplaces and private balconies . Room to book : Nab the oceanfront king rooms on the second and third floors for the best views of Haystack Rock . Insider tip : The hotel provides everything you need for a crackling bonfire on the sand . See more of America 's best coastal hotels Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Travel + Leisure readers ranked hotels in the South among the nation 's best coastal hotels The Lodge and The Cloister in Sea Island , Georgia , received top marks At the Four Seasons Resort Hualalai , an updated spa has 10 outdoor treatment rooms
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Five new cases of the H1N1 virus in New York City schools will force three schools to close for a week , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said at a news conference Thursday evening . The city is temporarily closing the schools to "  slow transmission " of the virus , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . The two intermediate schools and one primary school are in Queens , and all three will be closed for at least five days , the mayor said . "  We are closing the schools to slow transmission " of sickness , he said . Bloomberg , flanked by New York Gov. David Paterson and New York City School Chancellor Joel Klein , said four students at one of the intermediate schools have the virus and an administrator was critically ill Thursday with H1N1 . Bloomberg indicated the school administrator had a pre-existing medical condition . Fifty students at that school have been sent home with flu-like symptoms since May 6 . At the two other schools , the primary school had an overflowing nurse 's office Thursday , reporting 29 students suffering from flu-like symptoms . The other intermediate school had 241 students absent with illness Thursday . The New York City Department of Health and the Department of Education have been in nearly constant contact , said Jason Post , a spokesman from Bloomberg 's office . When there 's a spike in students absent from classes , the Department of Health is alerted . "  There 's always good communication , flu or no flu , " Post said . "  But our senses have been sharp for a while now . " The Health Department has seen a general increase in flu activity in Queens , officials said in a news release . While the symptoms of H1N1 flu seem to resemble those of seasonal flu , the H1N1 virus appears to spread more extensively , at least in schools , warranting closures to slow transmission in the community , the release said . Dr. Isaac Weisfuse , the deputy commissioner of the city 's Department of Hygiene and Mental Health , said although concern is legitimate , there 's no solid evidence that suggests the H1N1 flu -- also known as swine flu -- is more dangerous than the flu in general . "  The bottom line is if you 're sick , stay home , " Weisfuse said . "  And do n't go back to school until you 're better for one whole day . " In late April , St. Francis Prep , a high school in Queens , was closed because of a flu outbreak . Since then , the school reopened and the stricken students have recovered , according to the mayor 's office . "  As we have said from the outset of the appearance of H1N1 in our city last month , we will share with New Yorkers what we know and not speculate on what we do n't know , " said Bloomberg in a statement . According to the World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , as of Thursday night 7,412 cases of H1N1 flu have been confirmed worldwide . The organizations said 63 deaths attributed to the virus have been confirmed worldwide . The CDC said 4,298 cases of the virus and three fatalities have been confirmed in the United States as of Thursday night . New York had 224 confirmed cases of H1N1 , the CDC said . It was not clear whether the five cases cited by Bloomberg and the other New York officials were included in the latest CDC total .	Officials cite five new cases of H1N1 virus in New York City schools One school administrator critically ill with the virus , officials say Administrator had a pre-existing medical condition , mayor indicates Dozens of students have reported flu-like symptoms at the 3 closed schools
The gunman who held hostages for more than 16 hours in a Sydney cafe was no stranger to police -- and was on bail for violent criminal offenses at the time of the siege . Man Haron Monis , an Iranian-born refugee who was granted political asylum in Australia in 2001 , had "  a long history of violent crime , infatuation with extremism and mental instability , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott told reporters . "  It 's pretty obvious that the perpetrator was a deeply disturbed individual , " he said at a press conference Tuesday , adding that the 50-year-old was "  well known " to federal and state police , as well as the Australian Security Intelligence Organization . "  But I do n't believe he was on a terror watch list at this time . " New South Wales Premier Mike Baird said authorities were investigating why Monis -- who was killed in the siege -- was at large , given his criminal background . "  We 're all outraged that this guy was on the street , " he told reporters . "  We need to understand why he was . We also need to understand why he was n't picked up . " What we know , what we do n't know Accessory to murder , sex charges The self-styled Muslim cleric , also known as Sheikh Haron , was facing dozens of charges at the time of the siege , including two counts of being an accessory to the murder of his ex-wife , according to the Attorney General of New South Wales . Noleen Hayson Pal was found dead with multiple stab wounds in a stairwell , and her body had been set on fire , The Sydney Morning Herald reported . "  They should have put him away and thrown away the key , " the dead woman 's godfather , Ayyut Khalik , told NBC News . He said Monis used to beat Pal , forcing her to wear a hijab all the time and forbidding her from talking to "  outsiders . " Court documents show Monis was also facing 45 sex-related charges , including sexual intercourse without consent and aggravated indecent assault . According to the Sydney Morning Herald , the initial charges , laid in May 2014 , related to an alleged sexual assault on a woman in western Sydney in 2002 , before other sex-related charges were added regarding six additional victims . Monis was using the name Mohammad Hassan Manteghi -- his birth name , according to Iran 's state news agency IRNA -- and claimed to be a "  healer , " according to the report . Monis also pleaded guilty last year to writing offensive "  poison pen " letters to the families of Australian soldiers who died in Afghanistan , and was sentenced to 300 hours of community service . The letters were "  sadistic , wantonly cruel and deeply wounding , " one High Court judge said at the time , according to CNN affiliate Seven News . But the criminal accusations against him began even before he came to Australia . Monis fled his homeland in 1995 while being sought for allegedly committing fraud , Iran 's semi-official Fars News reported . A spokesperson at Iran 's embassy in Canberra told CNN that Tehran had officially requested Monis 's extradition but nothing had come of it . Monis had been granted political asylum in 2001 and had had no further contact with his birth country , the spokesperson said . Who were the victims ? An extremist theology Manny Conditsis , a lawyer who acted for Monis in relation to the accessory to murder and letter-writing charges , told CNN his former client had been a cleric in Shiite Iran , but had become critical of the Islamic Republic 's government in the late 1990s , and fled to Australia "  because he was going to be killed . " He had left behind a wife and two children , who he believed Monis had not seen since . Throughout the 2000s , said Conditsis , Monis "  became sympathetic to what he perceived ... was the victimization of Muslims and Islamists around the world , and partly at least took up that cause . " His broader cause , he said , was lobbying governments around the world , particularly Australia , not to wage wars on Muslim soil . "  He was so blinded by that objective that it would seem he had lost sight of objectivity and rationality and acted in extreme ways , " he said , describing his former client as "  intensely conflicted and contradicted and inconsistent . " While older footage of Monis preaching shows him dressed in typical Shiite cleric 's attire , in his social media posts , he appears to embrace a radical Sunni extremist theology . He used the Internet to spread extremist beliefs , garnering nearly 13,000 likes on his Facebook page . During the siege , Abbott said , the hostage-taker "  sought to cloak his actions with the symbolism of the  ISIS  death cult , " Abbott said . On his website , which has now been taken down , there was a pledge of allegiance to the so-called Islamic State terror group . The site describes Monis as a Muslim cleric and activist based in Sydney who has "  continuously been under attack & false accusation by the Australian government & media since he started his political letter campaign from 2007 . " There 's a graphic photo of slain children at the top of the site . Under the image , it reads , "  This is an evidence for the terrorism of America and its allies including Australia . The result of their airstrikes . " A description on the site portrayed Monis as a victim of a political vendetta and compares him to Julian Assange , the WikiLeaks founder who has claimed the sex crime allegations he faces are politically motivated . A YouTube video posted in November shows Monis standing on a street corner , chains draped over him , carrying a sign that says , "  I have been tortured in prison for my political letters . " Police have refused to comment on that accusation . His last tweet linked to his website , with a haunting message posted the day of his attack on the Sydney cafe : "  If we stay silent towards the criminals we can not have a peaceful society . The more you fight with crime , the more peaceful you are . " Conditsis told Australian public broadcaster ABC that Monis was an isolated figure who was probably acting alone . Crisis in a cafe Monday 's hostage situation began around 10 a.m. Hundreds of police officers , including snipers , took position around the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in Sydney 's central business district . Australian media captured haunting images of hostages pressing their hands against the cafe 's windows . They were reportedly taking turns holding a black flag with Arabic writing on it that said , "  There is no God but God and Mohammed is the prophet of God . " The man holding the hostages demanded to speak to Abbott . Police were monitoring social media because hostages appeared to be posting information about the man 's demands . Hours into the crisis , at least five hostages managed to escape , running terrified toward police in riot gear . That made the hostage-taker furious , reported Chris Reason , a correspondent for CNN affiliate Seven Network . Reason said he could see the gunman become "  extremely agitated " when he realized what had happened , and he "  started screaming orders " at the remaining hostages . Gunfire erupted early Tuesday as police stormed the cafe where the gunman had been holding hostages . Two hostages were killed during the standoff . Police later announced that the siege was over and that the lone gunman had been killed .	Man Haron Monis had history of "  infatuation with extremism and mental instability , " Abbott says Hostage-taker was granted political asylum in Australia in 2001 ; was on bail for violent offending His former lawyer says he campaigned against "  the victimization of Muslims and Islamists " On Monis ' apparent website , there is a pledge of allegiance to ISIS
CNN  -- Kim Kardashian has 22 million followers on Instagram . In fact , she has more followers than the entire population of Scandinavia . In November , she tried to "  break the Internet " with her provocative nude pictures . As a child psychiatrist and mother of three , I am not shocked by the exhibitionism or desire for publicity at all costs . I am struck by the disconnect between what educators and policy makers are saying about growing up in the digital world and the reality of popular culture . I am also reminded that parents are far too ambivalent about so called "  privacy " online . We tell our kids not to share personal information or sext , yet our tweens and teens roll their eyes at us because sexting and over-sharing  a la Kim Kardashian  is ubiquitous . The American Academy of Pediatrics has taken a strong stance on no screen time before the age of 2 and less than 2 hours of screen for older kids . This is a far cry from the reality in which tweens and teenagers can average over 8 hours a day . Most parents are inundated with the message that they should limit screen time at all costs and take away the phone if their teens and tweens misbehave . But removing devices from the equation temporarily does little to address the issue . The Atlantic magazine reported on a high school sexting scandal so rampant that the police had to stop interviewing teenagers due to concern that they would end up confiscating the majority cell phones belonging to teens in the county . We either "  respect " our children 's privacy and have no clue about what they are doing online or we act cowardly by "  spying " on them , which only creates a foundation of mistrust to build upon . Up until now , digital immigrants  that is all of us born before the Internet explosion  have espoused a dialogue of fear . We worry that the Internet is rotting our children 's brains and destroying any chance of developing empathy or relationships . Rule 101 of child psychiatry , is that children can smell fear and ambivalence . Children take their cues from their parents ' behavior and reactions . Parents ' fear of too much screen time is valid but outdated and not useful in carving out a thoughtful road map . I recently attended a talk with Sherry Turkle , author of "  Together Alone " and an insightful MIT researcher on how technology is pulling us apart . She spoke about research indicating that empathy must be developed with face-to-face interactions , not with devices . This is undeniably true , but I feel that we should give parents more credit . We get that empathy is best cultivated with face-to-face interactions and experiences . However , kids spend more time on their devices than sleeping , eating or going to school . Is n't a more useful research question , "  How can we help kids to use their devices to cultivate empathy ? " In truth , kids can use their devices to be kind , creative , closer and even more empathetic . We need to stop taking away the phone so much and start teaching tweens and teens how to responsibly use and thoughtfully live with their phones . Parents , researchers and educators are beginning to get the message about flexibility and fear but we have a way to go in understanding identity and privacy . Zero to Three , a nonprofit organization , published a guide titled "  Screen Sense : Setting the Record Straight . " It stresses that human interaction and play are critical to development but screen time that is interactive and cooperative also has its benefits . Leaders in the field are urging the American Academy of Pediatrics to make the distinction between passive TV and interactive apps and games . Educators are publishing guides on how to make technology a tool for teaching and learning . We are finally catching up with our toddlers . There will be screen time and hopefully it will be limited , thoughtfully chosen , interactive and collaborative . So how can Kim Kardashian help guide parents of older children ? Kim is an adult who has charted a purposeful -- and arguably successful -- course online . A child 's digital footprint starts at birth and parents are now responsible for their children 's growth and development offline and online . There needs to be a dialogue at home and at school about online celebrity . Being famous carries a lot of weight and parents need to discuss online overexposure . What is the cost of 5 minutes of "  Facebook Fame " ? The goal should be to earn fame for a worthy accomplishment , not fame for fame 's sake . Children as young as 8 need to understand what and how to share and that they will be judged by their choices both offline and online . Secondly , parents will have to monitor their tween or teen 's growth online just like they would offline with full transparency . That means no spying !! The goal of "  monitoring " is not simply to manage our children 's online portfolio , but to cultivate online resilience . We all agree that resilience , more popularly called "  grit , " is a key component to success and happiness in adult life . Our children must metaphorically "  skin their knees " online . We must be there to apply a Band-Aid and guide them to safety next time . We do n't take away a 5-year-old 's bike when they fall off of it . Instead , we encourage them to get right back on , face their fears and develop the balance and coordination needed for success . When parenting online , we must monitor our kids so we can identify when they make small mistakes . We need to tell them when they post a mean comment or send a slightly inappropriate picture . Kids ' online identity is a window into their real identity . Understanding how your daughter chooses a selfie may give you valuable information into her body image issues . By reading your son 's blog , you may better understand his frustrations and anxieties . Do n't send your teens off alone into their rooms to play games , develop avatars and create new personas . Parents must be present so they can provide alternatives to how Kim Kardashian presents herself online . Teenagers must learn to reveal their true but "  best self " online without being too revealing . The opinions expressed are solely those of Jodi Gold .	Kids get the impression from the likes of Kim Kardashian that any attention is good Dr. Jodi Gold writes that parents need to use Kardashian as a teaching tool for teens Monitoring teen social media in secret is a mistake parents make , Gold says Regular and honest feedback from parents about kids ' online personae is necessary
CNN  -- "  We must be on you but can not see you . " That was one of the very last voice signals transmitted by Amelia Earhart in the summer of 1937 , somewhere over the vast Pacific Ocean during her ill-fated flight around the globe . An intense search led by the U.S. Navy was launched to find Earhart and her plane , but after several weeks , nothing was found . "  All right , good night . " Those were the last words transmitted 17 days ago from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , somewhere over the South China Sea between Kuala Lumpur and Ho Chi Minh City . An international search led by the Malaysian government and Malaysia Airlines and joined by governments and private companies from the United States , Great Britain , China , Australia , Norway , Japan , New Zealand and others have narrowed down a possible search region to a vast chunk of the Indian Ocean southwest of Perth , Australia . "  This is probably the one of the largest efforts you 'll ever see in terms of maritime surveillance and joint operations , " Australian Defense Minister David Johnston said Tuesday . Reports now seem to support the theory , popularized by pilot instructor Chris Goodfellow , that an incapacitating emergency led the pilots to divert the Boeing 777 toward the closest airport  hence turning south  while simultaneously trying to fight an electrical fire of some sort until they were overcome . Experts believe that the jet continued on dumb autopilot until it was , like Earhart 's Lockheed Electra , out of fuel , plunging into the sea . Opinion : Flight 370 's resting place is best clue Earhart was lost on July 2 , 1937 . MH370 disappeared March 8 , 2014 , more than two weeks ago . In those 77 years , almost everything about the world has changed . Earhart and her navigator , Fred Noonan , disappeared just a few years before World War II erupted and a new world order emerged : what is often called the American century . And the three-week search effort for Earhart was entirely American , directed by the Navy . Flight 370 was operated by Malaysia 's national airline , en route to Beijing . The flight was the opposite of pioneering , instead a routine long haul of 227 passengers , with a coach class ticket costing about $ 530 . But in this case , the search effort is extraordinary and much more international in scope . This time , it 's not just the Americans . The Australians , the Chinese and the Norwegians are deploying their air forces and navies with cutting-edge technologies for weeks on end to help . Pakistani radar , Chinese satellites , even NASA aided the search . Add to that countless hours of analytical personnel . In the end , it was a private British satellite company , Inmarsat , that confirmed the likely flight path and terminus . According to some reports , this is the most expensive search effort in history . Although there was strong criticism against the Malaysian government for delays and missteps during the initial days of the investigation , it seems as if the international community has largely united in focusing massive resources on finding the plane . There was nobody famous on the flight and yet it is somehow unremarkable that dozens of nations are expending millions of dollars to solve the mystery . Together . Pilot : How mechanical problem could have downed Flight 370 All this stands in stark contrast to Russia 's opportunistic conquest of the Crimean peninsula , a major part of the neighboring nation of Ukraine . That sort of nationalist land grab reminds me less of the Cold War than of norms of the 18th century and just about every century of history prior . Certainly , there 's something extraordinary and dangerous going on in the Crimea , but a calmer , more patient , more historical assessment distinguishes the reflexive nationalism of a weakened ex-empire from the larger trends in a globalizing world . Or what about the civil war in Syria ? Or the heightened tensions on the North Korean peninsula ? Or the disputes between Japan and Korea over the "  Sea of Japan " versus the "  East Sea " ? Or the uprisings in Venezuela ? All are hot spots where the international community has largely been paralyzed , unable to do much more than call for multilateral inquiries and issue hollow condemnations . So what 's left to be seen is whether this unprecedented international coalition assembled to scour the ocean for the remains of Flight 370 is one of the few bright spots in an otherwise devastating tragedy for the families of the 227 passengers and 12 crew members . Or whether this is merely a one-off proposition where each nation is acting in its own self-interest to do what it must for its own citizens , while feigning cooperation for the world stage . I prefer to see the goodness here , that the world can come together and work together when it counts . Sometimes it takes a tragedy to remind us of the everyday miracles of our time . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tim Kane .	Tim Kane says international search for Flight 370 is rare bright spot in tragedy More than a half-dozen nations have come together in the deep-water search Like the disappearance of Amelia Earhart in 1937 , Flight 370 is a mystery
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- An explosion at close range , and not a direct hit , caused the 1,200-ton patrol ship Cheonan to sink last month , a team of South Korean military and civilian investigators has tentatively concluded . The investigators ' determination was reported Sunday by the Yonhap news agency . "  Instead of being directly hit by a torpedo or other underwater weapon , the Cheonan was affected by a strong explosion that occurred below its bottom at a close range , " the news agency quoted a government official as saying . The explanation matches one that investigators offered shortly after the ship 's stern was salvaged 10 days ago . A final result is not expected for a month , Defense Minister Kim Tae-young told reporters . He said that the most likely cause of the sinking was a "  bubble jet " created by the external explosion under the ship . A bubble jet effect occurs when an explosion goes off under a ship . The change in pressure causes a huge column of water that strikes the ship with great impact . On Saturday , recovery crews found the body of a missing sailor in the wreckage of the ship . The ship sunk in the Yellow Sea near the western sea border with North Korea on March 26 . Forty of Cheonan 's 104 crew members have now been confirmed dead , and six more are also believed dead , though they are still listed as missing . Fifty eight others were rescued before the vessel sank . South Korea has not ruled out a theory that North Korea was involved . But Seoul has avoided directly blaming North Korea , which sloughed off allegations it is responsible . The families of the dead sailors began a five-day mourning period on Sunday . On Thursday , the South Korean navy will hold a funeral ceremony at a naval command in Pyeongtaek , about 70 kilometers  43 miles  south of Seoul . The navy has also decided to posthumously promote the dead seamen by one rank and award them a military honor for their patriotism .	Report : Close-range explosion caused S. Korean ship to sink Families of dead sailors on Sunday begin period of mourning Ship went down in Yellow Sea ; cause not yet known Death toll now stands at 40 ; six sailors listed as missing
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's president is lauding a woman for pardoning a man who blinded and disfigured her in an acid attack , a gesture of forgiveness reflecting the spirit of the Muslim month of Ramadan . "  The act of altruism that occurred is an honor for us and the Iranian nation and caused many to learn a lesson from this move and to change , " Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told acid victim Ameneh Bahrami on Wednesday , the president 's office reported on its website . An Iranian court convicted Majid Movahedi in 2008 of pouring a bucket of acid on Bahrami , after she had rejected his unwanted advances for two years . She had asked for retributive justice and the court ruled the attacker should be blinded with acid . A physician was to drop the acid -- under legal supervision -- into Movahedi 's eyes on Sunday to punish him for throwing acid in Bahrami 's face , but she stopped the punishment minutes before it was carried out . She told CNN two men were instrumental in bringing about her stance : a doctor at a clinic in Spain and Amir Sabouri , an Iranian who helped her get medical attention . Sabouri told her to forgive Movahedi and prove to the world that Iranians are kind and forgiving , she said . She said she stopped the "  eye for an eye " punishment for her attacker because "  such revenge is not worth it . " This week marked the beginning of the holy month of Ramadan in the Islamic world , and pardons and commuted sentences commonly occur as a show of compassion leading into the holiday . "  Every good that remains in the world is the result of altruism and forgiveness , " Ahmadinejad said .	The woman 's "  act of altruism " is "  an honor for us , " the president said Ameneh Bahrami stopped the punishment at the last minute on Sunday Pardons are common during the holy Muslim month of Ramadan
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli bulldozers demolished part of a hotel in East Jerusalem on Sunday , prompting swift condemnation from Palestinians . The building plan , which was given final approval last year , was met with disapproval from the United States at the time which called for the Israeli government to put off any demolition . Israel demolished part of the hotel as part of a plan to build 20 housing units for Jews in a predominantly Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem . The chief Palestinian negotiator , Saeb Erakat , denounced the action . "  The state of Israel is demolishing one Palestinian property after another in an effort to cleanse Jerusalem of its Palestinian inhabitants , heritage and history , " he said in a statement . He said such actions "  undermine the two-state solution and negotiations process . " The United States had called on Israel to halt the housing project , but Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu responded by saying "  our sovereignty  over Jerusalem  can not be challenged " . The project was given final approval last March . The Shepherd Hotel was built in the 1930s by a prominent Palestinian family and was purchased from the state of Israel in 1985 by American millionaire Irving Moskowitz , an avid supporter of Jewish building in East Jerusalem . Moskowitz developed plans for the 20 housing units that sparked the hotel 's demolition on Sunday .	Israeli bulldozes demolishes part of a hotel in part of East Jerusalem Plans to demolish the hotel caused a rift between the U.S. and Israel Palestinians denounce the action while Israel has defended it
CNN  -- Ever imagined what it would be like to be someone else for a day ? How about for the rest of your life ? That 's the reality for the thousands who have entered the federal witness protection program since it started in 1971 . Officially called the Witness Security Program , it provides protection for government witnesses who are at risk due to testimony they 've given about terrorists or criminals . "  No one knows what we do to protect witnesses , and it 's good for us , " said David Harlow , associate director for operations with the U.S. Marshals Service , which oversees the vast program . "  It 's about taking people and changing their way of life , " Harlow added . "  These people truly are in danger . " More than 18,400 men , women and children have participated in it , and not one of the 8,500 witnesses or the 9,900 family members has been harmed , according to the U.S Marshals Service . "  It 's a big feather in our cap , " Harlow said . The program has made some limited information available to the public on its website : It provides 24-hour protection to all witnesses while they are in a high-threat environment ; witnesses receive financial assistance for housing and subsistence for basic living expenses and medical care ; the program also provides for job training and employment assistance . In an interview with CNN , Gerald Shur , who created the program , offered insight into the inner workings of this secretive government service . Shur was an attorney in what was then the Justice Department 's Organized Crime and Racketeering Section in the 1960s when he developed the idea to protect witnesses . "  It occurred to me that we have to have a way that if a guy is in danger because of his testimony , we have to get him out of there , and in a second , " said Shur , 79 , who is now retired . But the transition to a new life does n't always come easily , he said . "  It takes time for them to adjust , " Shur said . "  A witness  not only has to deal with leaving his entire family , but he has caused his wife to leave her family ; he 's caused his children to leave their grandparents . They ca n't communicate . They ca n't see each other . But the driving force is ` If I go back , I 'll be murdered . ' " Most witnesses who enter the program are not law-abiding citizens , according to Shur . "  Ninety-five percent of them are what we call criminals , " he said . "  Not everybody is a killer or a member of the Hell 's Angels or the mob , but there are people who are doing business with criminals . "  They might say they were legitimate businessmen , but they would bribe people , " Shur said , recalling the case of an engineer who bought off a mayor . "  He said it was n't bad because that 's how you do business in the city . In his mind , he was n't doing anything criminal , " Shur said . While most witnesses are familiar with the criminal justice system , their loved ones are not and often must accept being completely cut off from everyone they know . "  You 're talking about wives , children , grandchildren -- they are the really innocent people , " Shur said , "  They are in it for life , as far as I was concerned . " The program is also completely voluntary . While witnesses and their family members are free to return to their former identities , they do so at their own peril , Shur said . "  I 've had witnesses ask me if it 's safe to go home . I never said yes . I always felt there was a risk still there , " Shur said , "  and that if a defendant against whom they testified is dead , there may be a family member out to get revenge or somebody within his organization who wants to be a hero of some sort and kill him . " Shur recalled two instances when witnesses refused protection . "  One witness  went back to his home and turned the doorknob and it blew up . And there was another witness -- we tried to talk her into it . She refused and she was murdered . " Henry Hill , the gangster who was the inspiration for the 1990 film "  Goodfellas , " opted out of the witness protection program , as did mob turncoat Sammy "  the Bull " Gravano . But those witnesses ' decisions to leave the program make them the exception to the rule , Shur said.li After a witness agrees to testify for the prosecution , he or she may be eligible to start receiving protection . Shur described an effective way of choosing where to relocate a witness . "  I would say to them , ` Tell me what 's your favorite place in the U.S. ? ' " Shur said , "  and they 'd say , ' I always wanted to go to Hawaii , ' or that they had family in Texas or Florida . And in my mind that 's three places that they are not going . Because when you tell me you want to go to Hawaii , I know you have told all your friends that . " Deputy marshals take the witness and the witness ' family and move them to another area , Shur said . Sometimes , they start in a hotel . Sometimes , they are near other witnesses -- although they 'd never know it , he added . "  In the beginning when the witnesses were moved off to another city , we 'd run into the problems you would expect -- what to do about a driver 's license , Social Security cards , how do you get him a job , money , what happens if you need Medicare care , what about the house he owns , the furniture , and so on . " Witnesses get help finding a job , but they are n't always compensated . "  The program has nothing to do with reward money , nothing . They get money for a period of time , and then it stops , " Shur said . "  We used a formula . If you are a family of four in New York , you would get more money than a family of four from Corpus Christi . It 's based on cost of living , and it was n't based on the value of the testimony . " Shur said his work protecting witnesses put his family 's life in danger . "  There was a threat against my wife . I was told that there was an individual who had my name and my wife 's name in his address book and that he had a contract from the Medellin Cartel to kidnap my wife and learn where a particular witness was living . And I immediately asked for protection for my wife . " Today 's witness protection program faces the added burdens of the digital age . Facebook , Google , texting and the instant access to information via the Internet and smartphones provide new challenges to keep the identities of witnesses a secret . "  The modern world of technology , because there is more information out there , it 's that much more important for our people to be vigilant and for us to be vigilant , " said Harlow of the U.S. Marshals Service . Vigilance plays a role , but Shur suggested another factor may also play an important role . "  Luck , you have to throw in some luck , " he said . "  You ca n't go this many years with this many witnesses without some luck in this thing . "	Federal witness protection program helps government witnesses get new identities People in program need protection because they 've testified against criminals Most people in the program are n't law-abiding citizens , program 's creator says "  These people truly are in danger , " a U.S. Marshals Service official says
CNN  -- Los Angeles Clippers co-owner Shelly Sterling is "  moving quickly " to sell the embattled NBA franchise , with a source familiar with the situation saying she and her representatives would like to make a deal this week . The recent activity includes talks with several high-profile potential suitors for the team , and NBA Commissioner Adam Silver is "  very much involved " in Shelly Sterling 's dealings with potential buyers , according to the source . But as bidders make their pitches for his team , Donald Sterling -- Shelly 's estranged husband and the team 's other owner -- accused the NBA of violating his constitutional rights in trying to end his ownership of the franchise based on what he says was an illegally recorded conversation during a lovers ' quarrel , according to a document provided by Donald Sterling 's attorney . The document , Sterling 's 26-page response to charges of violating the league 's bylaws , adhered to the NBA 's Tuesday deadline for the billionaire businessman 's reply . The NBA has said the next step will be a special Board of Governors meeting on June 3 , when the league 's 30 ownership groups -- someone else will represent the Clippers -- will meet to hear evidence on Donald Sterling 's behavior , then vote on terminating the Sterlings ' ownership rights . Sterling has been prejudged and wo n't get a fair hearing , the document says , citing comments from 10 other teams . About one month ago , Silver banned Sterling from NBA facilities and functions and ordered him to pay a record fine after racist remarks by the Clippers ' owner to former companion V. Stiviano surfaced online . A source close to the situation said roughly two weeks ago that Donald Sterling -- who repeatedly denied he 's a racist in a CNN interview -- would n't pay the fine , would reject the ban and might sue the NBA . The document says Sterling faces a never-before-issued and unjust punishment . "  In reality , Mr. Sterling is being banned for life , fined $ 2.5 million , and stripped of his ownership rights for a purely private conversation with his lover that he did not know was being recorded and that he never intended to see the light of day , " the document says . Other NBA figures have made bigoted or racially insensitive remarks and were n't punished as harshly , Sterling argues . His remarks were made in the heat of an argument , and while they were not justified , they were not meant to harm the NBA , the response says . And while Sterling 's remarks were viewed as racist , he says in his response that he was "  instrumental in fostering the diverse body of players , coaches , general managers , employees and fans on which the NBA prides itself . " The document also says Sterling was active in the African-American community and that there was only one court case -- which he won -- of discrimination brought against him as owner of the Clippers in more than 30 years . Sterling asks that the NBA 's charges be denied and that his ownership rights not be terminated . The NBA acknowledged receiving a response from Sterling and reaffirmed the June 3 meeting , saying it will start at 1 p.m. ET to "  hear and vote upon this matter . " Donald Sterling 's attorney , Maxwell Blecher , had no comment . Stiviano has said Sterling knew she was recording him and that the two were never intimate . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said it appeared the Sterlings were taking a two-track strategy . By filing the document , Donald Sterling is protecting his legal options but , at the same time , he realizes selling the team is the most likely outcome . "  I do n't think it 's a winning argument , but it is a very impressive document , " Toobin said . Possible bidders CNN 's source on the potential sale said it was a busy Memorial Day weekend for Shelly Sterling . The source indicated she met Sunday with a group led by former NBA star Grant Hill to discuss the sale of the Clippers . In addition , the source familiar with the situation said she met over the weekend at her Malibu , California , home with ex-Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , who made an aggressive offer for the franchise . Shelly Sterling is interested in fielding offers from billionaire businessman Patrick Soon-Shiong , Hill 's group , entertainment mogul David Geffen and Oracle founder Larry Ellison , and entrepreneur Magic Johnson and his Guggenheim partners , who two years ago teamed up to buy baseball 's Los Angeles Dodgers . Johnson has been at the center of the story from the outset because of controversial banter between 80-year-old Donald Sterling and Stiviano . After TMZ first reported those comments , Donald Sterling lashed out at Johnson in a CNN interview , questioning whether someone who contracted HIV should be considered a role model and asking rhetorically "  what has he done " for the African-American community . Johnson called the whole situation sad in his own interview with CNN , in which he urged Sterling to sell the team . The former Los Angeles Laker said if that happens -- and if his Guggenheim partners are interested -- "  We 'll make a run for it . " One person who apparently wo n't be the NBA franchise 's next owner is media tycoon Oprah Winfrey . Despite much buzz in recent weeks , the source familiar with the situation says that Winfrey is "  out of the running . " The same source said Shelly Sterling will accept offers this week for the Clippers . Shelly Sterling 's attorney , Pierce O'Donnell , said no formal offers have been made for the team , which has risen in recent years from a last-place laughingstock to a playoff team with two superstars in forward Blake Griffin and guard Chris Paul . "  Shelly and the NBA are working cooperatively on the transaction , " O'Donnell said . The Sterlings have been publicly defiant since the story broke , challenging the NBA and its right to force the Clippers ' sale . But late last week , the Sterlings agreed that Shelly would try to sell the NBA franchise voluntarily even as the league prepares a vote on terminating their franchise rights . The couple own the team through a trust . Shelly Sterling previously had said she wanted to own at least part of the franchise , but does n't want to be a controlling partner . But if it sold -- likely for between $ 1.5 billion and $ 2 billion , according to the well-placed source -- the NBA does n't want either Sterling to have any ownership stake . Still , they could take solace in the dizzying profit they 'd make from such a deal ; Donald Sterling reportedly bought the franchise in 1981 for about $ 12 million . His response , though , laments that a forced sale would mean the Sterlings would incur "  several hundred million dollars " in taxes they could avoid if they were allowed to keep the franchise and leave the team to their heirs . Sterling 's wife , Shelly : We 're just business partners CNN 's Rosalina Nieves , Jill Martin and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Donald Sterling says he has helped NBA become more diverse The longtime owner still fighting NBA to keep his team Shelly Sterling has talked with Steve Ballmer , Grant Hill about possible separate bids Source : NBA Commissioner Adam Silver is "  very much involved " in process
CNN  -- The North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation said Tuesday it will look into alleged juror misconduct in the murder trial of Jason Young , a man convicted of beating his pregnant wife to death . Judge Donald Stephens requested the investigation after receiving information from employees of a TV station concerning Facebook posts by people who purported to know that a juror might have improperly discussed the trial with members of the public . "  In spite of the fact that this type of gossip is usually baseless , any information reported to the court that challenges the integrity of a jury verdict has to be investigated . The integrity of the court system is more important than any person , any case , or any verdict , " he wrote in a letter addressed to the director of the SBI . N.C. Department of Justice spokeswoman Noelle Talley later said that the SBI would open an investigation . To his letter , Stephens attached a copy of the social media conversation in question , in which one post reads : "  My hairdresser is friends with a woman in the jury . She was supposedly texting her telling her how the vote was going . " If the allegations of juror misconduct prove true , they would also have to be shown to have had an impact on deliberations to affect the verdict , said Assistant District Attorney Howard Cummings . "  I still have all the faith in the jury , " he said , characterizing the claims as unsubstantiated and "  just junk . " Months after his first trial ended in a hung jury , Young , 37 , was convicted this week of first-degree murder . Jason Young convicted of beating pregnant wife to death Michelle Young was discovered dead in 2006 in the bedroom of her Raleigh home . Her husband , Jason , first went on trial in June but a jury could not unanimously agree on a verdict . But that was not the case Monday , when several of Michelle Young 's relatives embraced and wiped away tears after this jury 's decision was announced . Afterward , Stephens ordered Young to be sentenced to life in prison without chance of parole . The defense had argued that intruders , and not the defendant , had killed Michelle Young . They pointed to what they described as holes in the prosecution 's case -- including the lack of blood in Jason Young 's car and on the jeans he supposedly wore the night his wife died . InSession 's Lena Jakobsson and Beth Karas contributed to this report .	Judge Donald Stephens requests the investigation "  I still have all the faith in the jury , " says an assistant district attorney Jason Young was convicted of beating his pregnant wife to death He was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole
CNN  -- A young black man runs with the ball at his feet , living out his dream of playing on the world stage . Around him , amidst an intimidating , vicious atmosphere , the noises begin . First , the boos , then the monkey noises . The incessant chanting , the vitriolic abuse , the gestures and then , the indignity of receiving punishment for having the temerity to stand your ground . Welcome to Serbia 2012 , or should that be Bristol 1909 ? Racism row shines light on Serbian football At first glance , Walter Tull , an officer in the British Army during the First World War and England Under-21 footballer Danny Rose appear to have little in common . Rose is a successful Premier League footballer , at the start of a promising career , which he hopes will see him become a full international . Before he was killed in the Great War , Tull was a pioneering black footballer , who blazed a trail for black stars of the future such as Brendan Batson , Laurie Cunningham , Viv Anderson and Cyril Regis . One man is on our television screen with pictures being sent around the world , the other has no grave , only an inscription on the memorial wall at the Fauborg-Amiens war cemetery and memorial at Arras . Black pioneer But Tull 's story , recorded some 93 years ago , could not be more apt given what Rose was forced to endure in Krusevac . While most were left stunned by Rose being sent off for his reaction to being targeted by racist chanting , the tale is all too familiar for those who know their history . Tull became the first black outfield player to to compete in the top-flight of the English league after signing for Tottenham Hotspur in 1909 . Like Rose , he too suffered racial abuse from the stands with his career almost disappearing from history and public consciousness . Lazio hit by UEFA racism fine That it did n't is largely thanks to two men , writer and producer Phil Vasili and director David Thacker , who are taking Tull 's story to the stage and eventually the big screen . While the film surrounding Tull 's life is scheduled to coincide with 2014 's 100th anniversary of the Great War , the play will open in February in Bolton . "  I think the play will be very topical , " said Vasili , author of the biography Walter Tull , 1888-1918 : Officer , Footballer . "  It 's quite poignant that the play should start so soon given what happened to Rose in Serbia . "  What happened to Rose , happened to Walter around 93 years previously and both were victimized twice . "  Rose was racially abused and then sent off , Walter was also abused before being dropped by Tottenham and eventually sold . "  Both men were punished twice . It 's funny how something which happened nearly a century ago could be so relevant . " Terry decides against appealing FA racism verdict If it was n't for Vasili 's work the story of the man who changed the face of football for black Britons could have been confined to the scrapheap of history . Although Arthur Wharton , a goalkeeper from Ghana , was the first professional black player to have competed at the top level in England , it is Tull who is credited with being a pioneer as he was the first black outfield player . Giant strides Initially Vasili 's attempts to get publishers or media outlets interested in Tull 's story appeared to hit a dead end . "  I first came across him in 1993 and there was nothing contemporary about him , he had almost become forgotten , " Vasili recalled . "  In the first years , I could n't get anyone interested in it . Over time , the interest has grown and he 's now got publicity . "  With the play and the film , we 're hoping to show people that whatever obstacles you face , you can achieve the things you strive for . "  On a political level , things are never simplistic . Britain may have been a different place for black people at that time and there was prejudice . "  But at the same time , there were a number of progressive institutions and people who helped the black community and Walter on their way . Cameron hosts talks on football racism "  Symbolically , Britain has been a multicultural place for a long time . Tull had a black father and a white mother and if you look at the number of mixed-race footballers , he led the way for them . " But what would Tull have made of the recent events in Serbia ? And what would he have though of the John Terry racism saga that has proved so divisive for English footall over the last year ? "  I think he would have been very sad , " said Vasili . "  Britain is a different place today than it was when Walter was alive and there have been giant strides . "  He was the only black outfield player in the top division at one time and now that is n't the case . He was a great role model and led the way for those that play today . " Football pioneer : Andrew Watson - the first black international Tull , who was born in Folkestone , Kent , on April 28 , 1888 , endured a difficult childhood with illness , death and poverty plaguing the family . The grandson of slaves in Barbados , his father arrived in England in 1876 following abolition some 43 years earlier . Walter 's mother , Alice , died when he was just seven before his father passed away two years later . With all six children surviving their parents ' death , the demands on their stepmother , Clara , were too much to bear and Tull along with his brother Edward were taken to live in a Methodist orphanage in Bethnal Green , east London . When Edward was adopted two years later by a couple from Glasgow and went on to become the first black dentist in the city , Walter turned to football to help with his solitude . It was here , while training to be a printer , Walter caught the eye with his football skills and soon won a trial with amateur side Clapton F.C. Vitriolic racism His success , which helped the club win the Amateur Cup , London Senior Cup and London County Amateur Cup in the 1908-1909 season , secured him a dream move to Tottenham Hotspur . The transfer made Walter just the second black professional player in the English top division and the first outfield player . After making his debut at the age of 21 , Walter enjoyed success at Tottenham until a vitriolic episode of racism at Bristol City in October 1909 . Crime and punishment in sport : Laying down the law ? "  The game at Bristol was the first time I came across racism being mentioned in a match report , " said Vasili . "  In previous reports , writers would use coded language such as ` Tull took unwarranted abuse ' but there was no hiding it in this Bristol game . " The Football Star described the Bristol City fans racist chants as "  lower than Billingsgate " , while another newspaper labeled it as "  a cowardly attack " . One reporter vented his fury by writing , "  Let me tell those Bristol hooligans that Tull is so clean in his mind and method as to be a model for all white men who play football . " The episode appeared to embarrass Tottenham , which promptly dropped Tull from the team and sold him to Northampton Town . Under Herbert Chapman , the future manager of Arsenal , Walter enjoyed great success , making 110 appearances and attracting the interest of Scottish giants Glasgow Rangers . The First World War broke out in 1914 , with Tull signing up to the 17th Service Battalion of the Middlesex Regiment , which was nicknamed , "  The Diehards " . Cole apologizes for outburst over Terry racism case He was involved in combat at the end of the Battle of the Somme between October and November 1916 , before being sent back to England suffering from trench foot and shell shock . After making a full recovery , Walter was ordered to go up to Scotland to the Officer Training Corps , despite military regulations forbidding those who were not of "  pure European descent " from becoming officers . Military bravery In May 1917 , he was appointed an officer , despite it being technically illegal . "  I guess he never received the medal because the rules at the time prohibited it , " added Vasili . "  Perhaps those on the ground did n't realize and some civil servant or bureaucrat must have pointed it out . "  They could n't have given an award to a black soldier and not a white soldier at the time . " Walter 's military success continued as he became the first black officer in the British Army to lead troops into battle . In Italy , he led his men at the Battle of Piave and was commended for his outstanding leadership abilities by his peers . Walter 's efforts did not go unnoticed and he was recommended for the Military Cross , but never received it . Chelsea defender Cole charged with misconduct after abusive tweet After finishing in Italy , Walter was transferred to the Somme Valley in France . It was on March 25 , 1918 while trying to escape a German advance at Favreuil , that he was fatally injured by machine gun fire . "  Such was Walter 's bond with his men that even with the machine guns firing , his men still tried to recover his body , " said Vasili . "  They risked their lives to try and bring him back because he was a person who they all looked up to and respected . He was a very humble character , who wanted to be judged by his actions and deeds . "  I think that his Methodist background gave him a code to live by and helped guide him through life . " Tull , the play , is at the Octagon Theatre in Bolton from February 21 and March 16 .	Walter Tull was the first professional black outfield player in the English top division Tull signed for Tottenham Hotspur after glittering amateur season with Clapton Joined the Footballer 's Batallion at outbreak of World War One and was made an officer Was gunned down just a month before his 30th birthday during fierce fighting in France
CNN  -- Swiss banking giant UBS is changing the way it pays out bonuses to its 6,000 highest earners to limit the firm 's exposure to risk and loss . The rule change comes as the Zurich-based bank reported a huge fourth quarter loss to shareholders of $ 2.1 billion . A large portion of that stemmed from a December 2012 agreement to pay $ 1.5 billion in fines over a scandal to manipulate Libor , the rate banks use when borrowing money from one another . Under the new compensation model , UBS will dole out a larger portion of annual bonuses in the form of bonds instead of cash . Such instruments would be fully paid out over a number of years and only if there are no major financial issues for the bank , such as the need for a bailout or if its common equity ratio falls below 7 % , UBS says . If such events happen , the value of those bonds would be wiped out , essentially erasing a portion of employee bonuses . In a press release , UBS said "  the changes focus UBS 's employees on medium - and longer-term performance , provide them with the opportunity to benefit from the firms longer term success , and simplify UBS 's compensation framework , making it more transparent . " The move signals a shift in the politically-charged issue of bank bonuses . Many financial institutions that received government bailouts during the financial crisis were contractually obligated to continue to pay out bonuses , which raised taxpayer ire . For bank executives , the change may spur them to make less risky trades or to search for a new job at a firm with less stringent bonus pay rules , analysts say .	UBS unveils compensation model allowing bank to claw back bonuses more easily Bank will pay out larger portion of bonuses in form of bonds , instead of cash Bond values to be wiped out if bank needs bailout or if equity ratio falls below minimum Change in bonus payout model is shift in politically-charged issue of banker bonuses
The first woman bishop to serve in the Church of England was named Wednesday in a historic step that follows years of sometimes contentious debate . Downing Street announced that the Rev. Libby Lane , who was been a priest since 1994 , will be the new bishop of Stockport , in northern England . She will be consecrated as a bishop on January 26 . Her appointment brings to a close a thorny chapter in the church 's recent history . Women have been able to serve as priests in the Church of England since the early 1990s . But some traditionalists resisted the move to allow them to become bishops , culminating in the issue being narrowly voted down in 2012 by the General Synod , the three-times-a-year meeting that sets policies for the church . Two years earlier , the church 's governing body had narrowly rejected a measure , aimed at satisfying conservatives , that would have allowed parishes that opposed women bishops to have an additional male bishop . A revised proposal was finally approved by Church of England leaders last month . Speaking at a news conference in Stockport , Lane said she was grateful but also "  somewhat daunted " to be chosen . "  This is unexpected and very exciting , " she said . "  On this historic day as the Church of England announces the first woman nominated to be bishop , I am very conscious of all those who have gone before me , women and men , who for decades have looked forward to this moment . But most of all I am thankful to God . " Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby -- who has backed allowing women to be bishops -- said he was delighted by her selection . "  Her Christ-centered life , calmness and clear determination to serve the church and the community make her a wonderful choice , " he said . Archbishop of York John Sentamu said he would preside over Lane 's consecration as a bishop "  with great joy . " Lane , a mother of two whose husband is an airport chaplain , will serve as a suffragan , or junior , bishop in the Diocese of Chester . Reform , an Anglican evangelical network that has opposed the introduction of women bishops , warned that Lane 's appointment would strain relations in the diocese . "  We have known since July that the Church of England would seek to appoint women to the episcopate -- against the biblical model of good church leadership , " Rod Thomas , chairman of Reform , said in a statement . "  Though it grieves us , it comes as no surprise . We pray that the Bishop of Chester will uphold the promises made in July and enable the many thriving conservative evangelical churches in his Diocese to continue to serve their communities with theological integrity under the oversight of a male bishop . " The Church of England is the largest church of the Anglican Communion , with more than 26 million baptized members . The communion represents more than 85 million people in 165 countries , including the U.S. Episcopal Church . The Anglican Communion News Service lists church districts that have women bishops including New Zealand and Polynesia , Australia , Canada , the Episcopal Church , Cuba , Southern Africa , Ireland and South India .	Conservative Anglican group says , "  Though it grieves us , it comes as no surprise " The Rev. Libby Lane is named as the Church of England 's first woman bishop Lane : "  On this historic day ... I am very conscious of all those who have gone before me " Her appointment closes a thorny chapter in the church 's recent history
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli air force shot down an unmanned drone Saturday over the northern Negev desert , the nation 's military said . The Israeli Defense Forces spotted the drone , which did not carry any weapons or explosives , hovering over Gaza before it entered Israeli airspace , military spokeswoman Avital Leibovich said . Forces kept the drone under surveillance until a fighter jet shot it down around 10 a.m. Saturday over the Yatir Forest , the IDF said . Leibovich declined to discuss the drone 's route or whether it had flown over military installations . "  We view this incident of attempting to enter Israeli airspace very severely and we will consider our response later , " Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said in a statement released Saturday afternoon . It was not clear where the drone originated . Military officials , however , said it does not appear that it took off from Gaza , which along with Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula and Mediterranean Sea forms the western border of the Negev . Hundreds march in Pakistan to protest drone attacks American activists in Pakistan to protest U.S. drone strikes Read more about drones on CNN 's Security Clearance CNN 's Guy Azriel contributed to this report	Israel views drone flyover "  very severely , " Defense Minister Ehud Barak says Israeli officials do n't know where the drone came from , a spokeswoman says The drone did not carry any weapons or explosives
CNN  -- Italian President Giorgi Napolitano warned this week that the country could be on the verge of violent social uprising following more than a week of protests in several cities . This discontent in Italy comes at the same time as Ukraine is witnessing the largest civil unrest since the 2004 Orange Revolution . The protests highlight the significant political instability that has characterized international relations since 2008 , as was predicted by some . For instance , in February 2009 , U.S. Director of National Intelligence Admiral Dennis Blair asserted that "  the financial crisis and global recession are likely to produce a wave of economic crises . " Then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton agreed "  this economic crisis , left unresolved ... will upend governments , -LSB- and -RSB- it will unfortunately breed instability . " Five years on , these U.S. concerns have been at least partially borne out . However , the political instability that has ensued has had diverse origins , and the degree to which the financial crisis has been a driver has varied from country to country . In the European Union , for instance , millions have taken to the streets and administrations in more than half of the 27 member states fell or were voted out of office from Spring 2010 to 2012 alone . Within the core eurozone , 11 of 14 governments collapsed or were turfed out during that same two years . Even more eye-catching , however , have been the political revolutions and popular uprisings in emerging economies . This includes Ukraine and June 's demonstrations in Brazil  the largest in the country for two decades  ; through to what has been called the "  Arab Spring " in North Africa and the Middle East , including the civil war in Syria ; revolutionary changes of power in Egypt , Tunisia , and Libya ; transfer of power in Yemen ; plus demonstrations and uprisings in Turkey , Iran , Algeria , Bahrain , Jordan , Morocco and Oman . Despite the diverse nature of this international political instability , from Rio , and Athens , to Cairo , it has reportedly been described as "  a revolutionary wave , like 1848 " by Nigel Inkster , former director of operations for the UK Secret Intelligence Service . Others have compared the situation to 1914 , 1968 and 1989 . Whatever the validity of these historical analogies , it is clear that the current "  wave " of volatility has been driven by a broad range of economic , political , social and technological factors . And , these have played out in contrasting ways across the world . In the European Union , for instance , the role of economic downturn and austerity since the 2008 financial crisis has been key , especially in those states most impacted by the Eurozone crisis like Greece and Spain . Unrest , however , has also tapped into pre-existing disquiet with established European political parties and systems . In the Middle East , by contrast , protest has often stemmed primarily from deep-seated political and socio-economic discontent that has existed for many years . Post-2008 , however , factors including liquidity crunches , increased food prices , and unemployment spikes , have exacerbated these longer-standing grievances . A key question is whether international political instability will tail off in coming years , especially if economic recovery takes hold in much of the world . While this is possible , protest and uprising is likely to continue in some countries for at least two sets of reasons . Firstly , even if the worst of the financial crisis has now passed , its consequences endure , especially for the increased number of young people who are unemployed . This puts many at risk of long-term damage to their earnings potential and job prospects , fuelling discontent . In the EU , a record 24.4 % of people under 25 are unable to find work . This has given rise to concern , including from German Chancellor Angela Merkel about a "  lost generation , " especially in countries like Greece and Spain where youth unemployment is almost 60 % . As in Europe , youth unemployment in numerous Middle Eastern and North African countries is above 50 % , and it is estimated that the region 's average rate could breach 30 % within 5 years . In the Middle East , the problem is acute because it has the world 's biggest youth bulge comprised of increasing educated people . Secondly , there are some factors completely unrelated to the post-2008 financial crisis that will endure , if not intensify . This includes the disruptive role of social media . There remains debate about how instrumental social media has been in fomenting political instability in recent years , not least in the Middle East and North Africa . However , whether one sees this new technology as an essential component that translated discontent into concrete action , or accentuated what was already-inevitable , indisputably it has played an enabling role that will likely only grow . Taken as a whole , it is premature to claim , as some have done , that we have entered a new era of global revolution that is here to stay . Indeed , overall political instability may decline if the world economy enters a sustained recovery . However , there remains significant prospect of political volatility , as the current protests in Italy and Ukraine underline . While circumstances will vary from country to country , instability will potentially be fueled not just by legacy of the financial crisis such as higher youth unemployment , but also longer-standing political and socio-economic discontent which social media is giving new impetus . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Hammond .	Political instability has characterized international relations since 2008 , writes Andrew Hammond Hammond : The impact of the financial crisis has varied from country to country The popular uprisings in emerging economies such as Ukraine and Brazil have been eye-catching , he writes Hammond : The current "  wave " of volatility has been driven by a broad range of factors
CNN  -- John Jairo Velasquez -- the top hit man for notorious drug lord Pablo Escobar in the '80s , known in Colombia as the "  narcoterrorism era " -- is a free man for the first time in 22 years . The 52-year-old Velasquez , also known as "  Popeye , " was released Tuesday night from a maximum-security prison in the Colombian province of Boyaca , northeast of Bogota , the capital . He left the prison under heavy police protection . Velasquez surrendered to authorities in 1992 , telling a reporter at the time , "  I do n't owe anything to anybody . I have n't done anything wrong . " But in jailhouse interviews , he admitted several times to killing about 300 people , including soldiers , police officers , rival cartel members and civilians . He also confessed to masterminding the killings of more than 3,000 other people , most of them civilians . Some of his victims died in car bombings in cities across Colombia including Bogota ; Medellin , his cartel 's home base ; and Cali . Velasquez was also responsible for a number of high-profile kidnappings , among them that of Attorney General Carlos Mauro Hoyos in January 1988 . Velasquez confessed that he killed Hoyos in captivity . Also in January 1988 , Velasquez kidnapped Bogota mayoral candidate Andres Pastrana . Pastrana survived the ordeal and went on to become the 57th president of Colombia , serving from 1998 to 2002 . The victim and his kidnapper met again in 2012 . Still in prison , Velasquez apologized to Pastrana and his family . "  I ask you for forgiveness from the bottom of my heart , " he told Pastrana , "  for what the Medellin cartel did , for risking your very important life . " He also told Pastrana he dismembered some of his victims , something he says he deeply regrets as a man who 's turned his life to God . Velasquez spent 22 years in prison , three-quarters of his sentence for the murder of presidential candidate Luis Carlos Galan in 1989 , the only murder for which he was convicted . The victim 's family has forgiven him . "  He was sentenced for my father 's murder , " said Juan Manuel Galan , the victim 's son and a liberal senator . "  He gave us the truth and asked for forgiveness . In my case , I forgive him . " Velasquez told local media that he fears for his life as a free man and that there 's an 80 % chance that his many enemies will kill him , especially those members of the Medellin cartel whose names and crimes he disclosed to authorities . Relatives of many of his victims angrily protested Velasquez 's release , saying that 22 years in prison was not punishment enough for the countless atrocities he committed during the narcoterrorism era and cocaine turf wars of the '80s and '90s . But Colombian Sen. Armando Benedetti said that Velasquez was being freed for good conduct , as any other prisoner would , and that his release complied with the law . "  The debate about his release has to center on the fact that in Colombia , we respect the rule of law , and we abide by the constitution , even in those cases where we are in disagreement with the consequences of some decisions , " Benedetti said . Medellin reborn : Colombian city moves out of Escobar shadow Why some travelers seek out the world 's most dangerous locales	John Jairo Velasquez was the top hit man for Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar in the '80s He says he killed about 300 people , masterminded about 3,000 other deaths Velasquez served 22 years in prison for the murder of presidential candidate Some victims ' relatives protest his release , but others have forgiven him
The blindfolded prisoners are brought into the dank gray room , one by one , and begin to tell us their stories . We 're in a prison run by Kurdish militants here in northern Syria . The Kurds wo n't allow us to see the cells where the prisoners are being held . Their prisoners , they say , are members of ISIS . When the first detainee sits down , I ask the guard to please remove his blindfold . He blinks in the bright light and clearly looks surprised to see a foreigner sitting in front of him . The second prisoner who arrives trembled with fear when he was brought in . I introduce myself to each detainee as an American journalist . "  You do n't have to talk if you do n't feel comfortable , " I add . Each man speaks , though some cast darting glances at the prison guards who watch each interview . A man named Suleiman says he 's from Syria , and claims that he was forced to join ISIS out of fears for his family 's safety . He says he never traveled to ISIS-controlled territory , but confesses to being part of an ISIS cell that planted and detonated a remote control car bomb outside a Kurdish base in this Kurdish enclave . He believes the bomb killed his own nephew -- and says he received about $ 3,600 for the job . "  They said they were fighting for Islam and justice , " Suleiman tells us . "  They were lying to us . They took advantage of our minds and our poverty . " Read more : Everything you need to know about ISIS ISIS has seized huge chunks of Syria and Iraq in recent months , beheading Western journalists and nonbelievers as it strives to establish an independent "  Islamic State " in the region . The terror group has been locked in a battle with Kurdish forces in the northern Syrian border town of Kobani since mid-September . The United States and its allies are bombing ISIS positions there , but airstrikes have yet to pry Kobani from the group 's hands . Read more : Former U.S. soldier battles ISIS The next prisoner the guards bring out is barely a man . His name is Kareem , and he says he 's 19 years old . Kareem tells me he was paid $ 2,000 to fight alongside ISIS on the Syrian frontlines for more than a year -- and he has the battle scars to prove it . Lifting up his shirt , he reveals a gruesome pink and brown scar on his stomach . "  I was shot in the stomach three times , " he says . He also has ugly scars on his right arm from another bullet wound . He claims ISIS drugged fighters before they went into battle . "  They gave us drugs , " Kareem says . "  Hallucinogenic pills that would make you go to battle not caring if you live or die . " Kareem says he fought for a year all across ISIS-controlled territory . He says other fighters he was with were promised wives by ISIS . Most of the fighters were foreigners , he says , and he had difficulty communicating with them because they did n't speak the local Syrian dialect of Arabic . Kareem says he even met a fighter from China at one point . Before his capture by the Kurds , Kareem claims he saw ISIS behead many of its prisoners . "  Whenever ISIS goes into an area ... the people there who do n't adhere to their Islamic law are apostates , " he says . "  Everything has to follow ISIS ' way . Even women who do n't cover their faces ... women would get their heads chopped off . " The final prisoner was Jaber , a former teacher and father of two who also confessed to a car bombing . I ask Jaber what he would have done if he 'd found me while he was on patrol with ISIS . "  Your fate would be death , " he tells me . "  And there are different kinds of death -- they would torture you for sure , they might decapitate you , or cut off your hands . They will not simply shoot a bullet in your head . " Read more : Hostage claims Kobani is in ISIS ' hands When we finished speaking , a guard draped Jaber 's blindfold back around his head and led him out of the room . It 's impossible for CNN to confirm whether anything the prisoners told us was true -- or whether these men had merely been coached on what to say by their captors . They also appeared to have little information about what was going on in the outside world . One of the men , Suleiman , looks shocked when I tell him that a U.S.-led coalition that includes Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates is conducting an aerial campaign bombarding ISIS targets . "  I hope they kill all of them , " Suleiman says , with what appear to be tears welling in his eyes . All three men say it was a mistake to join ISIS . And they are begging their Kurdish captors for forgiveness . But the Kurdish guards running this prison say that if set free , every one of these men would likely go back and rejoin ISIS .	CNN 's Ivan Watson speaks to ISIS fighters being held by Kurds in northern Syrian prison One prisoner claims ISIS paid him $ 3,600 to plant a bomb that killed his nephew Another prisoner , 19 , says many fighters he met were foreigners , including one Chinese jihadi CNN has no way to confirm if prisoners were telling the truth or being coached
CNN  -- American golfer Webb Simpson expects a close battle with world No. 1 Luke Donald this week as both seek to top the PGA Tour 's end-of-season money list for the first time . Both will line up in Florida for the final event of the U.S. circuit 's Fall Series , with $ 846,000 on offer for the winner from a total prize purse of $ 4.7 million . Donald had been in pole position in his bid to become the first golfer to top both the U.S. and European money lists in the same season , but Simpson went $ 363,029 clear in the PGA standings despite suffering a playoff defeat to fellow American Ben Crane at the McGladrey Classic on Sunday . Englishman Donald , who went to a friend 's wedding instead , will now need to finish second or higher at the Children 's Miracle Network Classic at Disney World starting on Thursday to usurp Simpson . Simpson has won $ 6.2 million so far from 25 events , while Donald is on almost $ 5.84 million from 18 . The 26-year-old Simpson is seeking to cap an incredible breakthrough year in which he won his first title at Wyndham Championship in his home state of North Carolina in August , then triumphed in the second event of the FedEx Cup playoffs and narrowly missed out on the $ 10 million jackpot when he faded to 22nd at the Tour Championship . "  I think coming in , finishing second is going to make it a lot harder for Luke , " world No. 12 Simpson told the PGA Tour 's official website . "  But I 'm sure he 's going to play well . He 's played well most every week this year . I still would n't be surprised if I have a little work to do next week . "  It would be nice to run away with it , but it would n't surprise me if it 's going to be pretty close . Winning would take care of a lot , I think . " Crane said his form over Sunday 's final round was "  as good as I can play " after claiming his fourth title . The new world No. 50 carded eight birdies in the final 11 holes to finish on 15 under par , before Simpson bogeyed at the second additional hole to hand Crane victory . "  Is that right ? " Crane said when he heard the statistics from his impressive round . "  What the heck ? Wow . That 's as good as I can play . "  I just said , ` Well , if I 'm going to have a chance , I 'm going to have to birdie two of the last three holes . ' "  Newsflash : If you do n't birdie the first one and you 're dormie with two holes to play and you 've got to make two birdies , it gets harder . I read it perfectly and the ball went right in the middle and I was just thrilled . " Despite the win , his first since the Farmers Insurance Open in January 2010 , Crane had little time to celebrate , with his wife Heather due to give birth to their third child on Monday . "  I told my wife , ' I do n't even know if I should -- what am I doing here ? You 're about to go into labor ... Should I even be playing this week ? ' " he said "  I was driving , bringing the car down after the playoff was over , and someone said , ` Well , you 've got to name the baby -- the baby 's middle name has got to be McGladrey or Frederica ... Sea Island . ' " American Michael Thompson mised out on the playoff by one shot as he finished third ahead of 2010 British Open winner Louis Oosthuizen . Oosthuizen 's fellow South African and 2008 Masters champion Trevor Immelman was fifth on 12 under , two shots clear of a five-way tie for sixth place which included two-time major winner Angel Cabrera . Jim Furyk , the 2003 U.S. Open champion who topped the PGA Tour money list in 2010 , tied for 11th on nine under .	Webb Simpson moves ahead of world No. 1 Luke Donald on PGA Tour money list American loses to Ben Crane in playoff at McGladrey Classic on Sunday Donald trying to be first man to top PGA and European Tour money lists in same year Englishman will now need to finish second or higher at final Fall Series event
CNN  -- Japan deployed missile-defense systems at three sites around Tokyo early Tuesday ahead of a possible missile launch by North Korea , Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said . The Patriot missile batteries were set up in the central district of Ichigaya and in the suburbs of Asaka and Narashino , Suga told reporters Tuesday . The deployments come as U.S. and South Korean officials warn Pyongyang could be preparing for another provocative move after weeks of belligerent rhetoric . Suga had said Monday that the Japanese government would not publicize any missile-defense deployment , saying "  It would show our strategy to North Korea . " The comments came a day after North Korea said it would pull out all its workers and temporarily suspend operations at the industrial complex it jointly operates with the South , the latest sign of deteriorating relations on the Korean Peninsula . The North said it would also consider permanently closing down the Kaesong Industrial Complex , a shared manufacturing zone that is the last major symbol of cooperation between the two countries . On Tuesday morning , the South Korean Unification Ministry said North Korean workers had n't so far reported for work . The deteriorating situation in Kaesong came after the South Korean government had briefly caused concern about the prospect of a new North Korean nuclear test . South Korea 's Unification Minister Ryoo Kihl-jae 's office clarified his earlier statements in the day about North Korea 's nuclear test plans by saying the North had been "  continuously preparing " for another nuclear test since February , and that there had n't been any new signs . There was some confusion that earlier comments may have suggested new information indicating the North 's nuclear test plans -- something that could have ratcheted up tensions with North Korea . The minister 's office made clear that this was not his intended meaning . Opinion : An accident , then war with North Korea ? But the crisis at the joint industrial complex provided a tangible sign of the North 's provocative stance . In a statement carried by the official North Korean news agency , Kim Yang Gon , secretary of the Central Committee of the Workers ' Party of Korea , accused the South of seeking "  to turn the zone into a hotbed of war " against the North . Pyongyang was already preventing South Korean workers and managers from entering the complex , which sits on the North 's side of the militarily fortified border , and threatened to shut it down entirely amid its recent stream of verbal broadsides against Seoul and Washington . The South Korean Unification Ministry was n't immediately able to confirm whether the North had actually begun withdrawing its more than 50,000 workers from Kaesong yet . If Pyongyang follows through on its declaration , the move could be financially costly , since Kaesong is considered to be an important source of hard currency for Kim Jong Un 's isolated regime . The ban on the entry into the zone of new workers and trucks was already putting a strain on personnel and supplies for the scores of South Korean companies operating there , prompting more than 10 of them to cease production . Does North Korea think U.S. going soft ? A torrent of threats North Korea has issued a catalog of alarming threats against the South and the United States in the past several weeks , sharpening its rhetoric after the U.N. Security Council imposed stricter sanctions for Pyongyang 's latest underground nuclear test , which took place it February . The strong words have put the region on edge . Seoul said Sunday that it believed Pyongyang could conduct a missile test this week after recently moving the necessary components to the coast . Analysts had said at the time of the February nuclear test that the North might follow up with another detonation soon afterward as it tries to push forward its nuclear program that it says it needs as a deterrent to protect it from the United States . Explore more on North Korea A delicate situation The North rattled the region last week by saying it would restart a shuttered nuclear reactor and block South Koreans from entering the Kaesong complex . Reports then emerged late in the week suggesting the North had loaded as many as two medium-range missiles onto mobile launchers on the east coast ahead of a possible test firing . And the South Korean president 's office said Sunday it believed a missile launch could happen around Wednesday . The North frayed nerves further by warning foreign diplomats inside the country that if war breaks out , it can not guarantee their safety . The string of troubling announcements from Pyongyang followed weeks of menacing rhetoric , which included the threat of a nuclear strike on South Korea and the United States . Observers say they believe North Korea is still years away from having an operational nuclear missile , but they note it does have conventional weapons that pose a threat to countries in the region like South Korea and Japan , both of which are home to thousands of U.S. troops . North Korea : Who 's in the crosshairs ? Sanctions and drills The escalation in verbal threats from the North coincided with the tougher U.N. sanctions last month and the annual joint military exercises in South Korea by U.S. and South Korean forces , drills that have aggravated Pyongyang in previous years . The United States initially responded to the North 's invective by publicly drawing attention to its shows of military force in the training exercises , including the flight of nuclear-capable B-2 stealth bombers over South Korea . But when those moves appeared to further infuriate rather than intimidate Pyongyang , raising worries that they increased the risk of a miscalculation in the crisis , Washington dialed back the displays of strength . On Saturday , a senior U.S. Department of Defense official said a long-planned missile test in California , scheduled for Tuesday , was being delayed to avoid any misperceptions by North Korea . And in a sign of the delicate situation in the region , Gen. James Thurman , the top U.S. commander in South Korea , canceled a trip to Washington this week "  as a prudent measure , " a U.S. military spokesman said Sunday . Thurman was due to testify before the Senate Armed Services Committee and the House Armed Services Committee . Possible explanations Analysts have attempted to explain the North 's unnerving behavior by suggesting it may be an effort by Kim , who inherited power from his father less than a year and a half ago , to shore up domestic support , particularly with the military . Another theory is that Pyongyang is trying to secure direct negotiations with Washington , something the United States has long shunned in favor of multilateral talks . The North Korean regime 's recent words and actions appear to be increasingly troubling its key ally , China . The new Chinese President Xi Jinping , appeared to make an unusual veiled rebuke of North Korea on Sunday . "  Countries , whether big or small , strong or weak , rich or poor , should all contribute their share in maintaining and enhancing peace , " Xi said at an international conference , the Chinese state-run news agency Xinhua reported . No one should be allowed to throw a region into chaos for selfish gains , he said , according to Xinhua . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who will visit Asia this week , is expected to discuss potential diplomatic incentives for North Korea once it stops its threatening rhetoric , senior administration officials told CNN on condition of anonymity . "  Secretary Kerry agrees that we have to have a robust deterrent because we really do n't know what these guys will do , " said one senior official , who was not authorized to speak on the issue . "  But he also knows that the North Koreans need a diplomatic off-ramp and that they have to be able to see it . " CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki , Tim Schwarz , K.J. Kwon , Judy Kwon , Ben Brumfield , Josh Levs , Chris Lawrence , Barbara Starr , Kyung Lah and Jim Clancy contributed to this report .	NEW : Japan deploys Patriot missile batteries around Tokyo Seoul said Sunday it believes a missile test could happen this week North Korea says it will halt activity at the Kaesong Industrial Complex South Korean Unification Ministry says no new signs of nuclear test preparations
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lamar Odom 's lawyer on Wednesday entered a "  not guilty " plea for the basketball star on a driving under the influence charge , a court spokeswoman said . Odom , who is married to reality TV star Khloe Kardashian , was not in court for the arraignment at the Van Nuys branch of Los Angeles County Superior Court . The basketball star was arrested in the early morning hours of August 30 by a California Highway Patrol officer who reported seeing Odom , 33 , driving his white Mercedes SUV in a "  serpentine manner at 50 mph . " Odom "  showed objective signs of intoxication and he was unable to perform his field sobriety tests , " a CHP news release said . The judge set a pretrial hearing for 8:30 a.m. November 8 . Odom 's lawyer did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . In 2001 , Odom admitted to having violated NBA drug policies twice . "  I 've made a couple  of mistakes  and I may make a couple again , but hopefully they wo n't be as big as this one , " Odom told reporters then . Khloe Kardashian , who married Odom in 2009 after a 30-day courtship , tweeted about her frustrations when rumors surfaced days before his arrest that her husband was addicted to pain medications . "  Really hard to sit here and listen to people talk  expletive  about my family !  Expletive  you and shame on you ! I 'm too protective for this  expletive  ! " the reality figure tweeted on August 25 . Odom and Kardashian have starred in their own show , "  Khloe and Lamar , " which aired on the E! network . Odom is a free agent who has played in the NBA for 14 years , for the Los Angeles Lakers , Dallas Mavericks and , most recently , the Los Angeles Clippers . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Lamar Odom was not in court for Wednesday 's hearing Khloe Kardashian 's husband has another court date next month Officer says Odom drove his white Mercedes SUV in a "  serpentine manner at 50 mph "
CNN  -- A vulture captured by Sudanese authorities is actually an Israeli spy on a secret reconnaissance mission , a pro-government newspaper in the east African nation has claimed . Government sources say the vulture , found in western Sudan , was tagged with a GPS-equipped camera to take and send pictures back to Israel , according to a December 8 story in the Alintibaha newspaper . The bird also wore an ankle label reading "  Hebrew University Jerusalem , " "  Israel Nature Service " and the contact details of an Israeli avian ecologist . The ecologist , Ohad Hatzofe of the Israel Nature and Parks Authority , has rejected the Sudanese government claims -- saying the vulture , which can fly up to 600 kilometers in a single day , was tagged with GPS equipment to study its migration pattern . "  The Sudanese accusations are untrue , " Hatzofe told CNN . "  The GPS gear on these vultures can only tell us where the birds are , nothing else . " He said : "  This is ordinary equipment that is used around the world to detect movement of wildlife . There are hundreds of studies using this technology on everything from butterflies and sea turtles to sharks and whales . " Hatzofe also cast doubt on the practicality of using vultures as secret agents : "  I 'm not an intelligence expert , but what would be learned from putting a camera onto a vulture ? You can not control it . It 's not a drone that you can send where you want . What would be the benefit of watching a vulture eat the insides of a dead camel ? " The Griffon vulture is an endangered species in the Middle East , according to Hebrew University Jerusalem professor Ran Nathan . His students , Roi Harel and Orr Spiegel , tagged more than 100 vultures -- 25 of them with GPS trackers -- as part of a project to observe the behavior and movement of younger vultures . Hatzofe says the data from the tagged GPS vultures is n't transmitted solely back to Israel , but to the animal-tracking website Movebank , where other scientists can analyze the data . The Israeli scientists first knew something was amiss in early December , when the GPS system  pictured above  indicated the vulture was on the ground and was moving along a road in western Sudan . The Griffon vulture is not a migratory bird , but it is n't uncommon for them to make their way into northern Africa , according to Hatzofe , who says the vulture 's wing tag included a message asking anyone who found the bird to contact him or the university . "  My email address is on the vulture , " he told CNN , "  but I never got a message . " The Israeli government declined to comment on this story , and repeated calls to Sudanese officials went unanswered . Hatzofe says that the real danger of claiming that GPS-tagged birds are spies is that it could prompt government officials to kill animals they capture . "  There is nothing new about birds tagged for studies , and if governments will not reject these types of rumors , then others will grab their weapons and hunt down wildlife -- the exact opposite of what conservationists want . " CNN 's Dominique van Heerden contributed to this report .	Sudan : Israeli vulture with GPS-equipped camera caught by officials in western Sudan Israeli scientists say a number of vultures tagged with GPS to study migration routes Expert : GPS tracking of this sort used in hundreds of studies around the world Griffon vultures are an endangered species in the Middle East , Hatzofe says
CNN  -- Whether or not Netflix orders more episodes of "  Arrested Development , " the streaming service will remain in business with the show 's creator , Mitch Hurwitz . Netflix announced a deal Tuesday to have Hurwitz come up with new shows , which means another oddball comedy might be on the way . It was described as a multiyear deal . Netflix has commissioned a number of original shows before , including "  Orange is the New Black " and "  Hemlock Grove . " But until now , it has not struck what Hollywood studios sometimes call "  writer-producer deals " with individual creators . A Netflix spokeswoman confirmed that the arrangement with Hurwitz is a first for the company . The deal comes nearly a year after Netflix resurrected "  Arrested , " a comedy series that the Fox network had canceled several years earlier . Netflix ordered a 15-episode fourth season , executive-produced by Hurwitz , and premiered them all at once in May 2013 . Since then , there 's been speculation about whether Netflix will order a fifth season or help finance the long-talked-about "  Arrested Development " movie . The company said nothing about that on Tuesday . Its news release said Hurwitz would "  produce , develop and create new original series for Netflix . " Ted Sarandos , Netflix 's chief content officer , called Hurwitz "  a true genius with one of the most distinctive voices in comedy today . " And Hurwitz returned the praise , calling it "  incredibly inspiring to get to produce for Netflix , a company that not only does n't resist change , but is leaps and bounds ahead of everyone in forging it . " Hurwitz concluded his statement with a joke : "  The fact that I 'm also getting one month of their streaming right to my TV or Xbox free ... well , it really takes the sting out of buying that Xbox . "	Netflix signs a multiyear deal with Mitch Hurwitz The "  Arrested Development " creator will produce a new series for the streaming service This is the company 's first "  writer-producer deal " No word on further "  Arrested Development " episodes or a movie
CNN  -- At first glance , it looks like the real thing . It 's white , with a brown filter . When the tip glows red , a smoke-like puff follows . But this is not a typical cigarette -- it 's an "  e-cig . " A what ? An electronic cigarette . When an e-cigarette user inhales , a battery inside warms liquid nicotine stored in a plastic filter . Makers of e-cigs tout their product as the first healthy cigarette , free of harmful chemicals and tar typically found in tobacco products . The only ingredient : pure liquid nicotine . "  Our product is comparable to the nicotine patch except people still get the oral fixation , which they love , " explained Elicko Taieb , CEO of Smoking Everywhere , one of the largest distributors of electronic cigarettes . But the U.S. Food and Drug Administration considers e-cigs an unapproved new drug because of a lack of scientific proof that they 're safe or effective . The FDA is trying to halt importation of e-cigs , but is n't seizing products already being sold in the United States . "  The FDA has been detaining and refusing importations since at least last summer of these so-called ` electronic cigarettes , ' " FDA spokesperson Rita Chappelle told CNN in a written statement . Watch Sanjay Gupta 's take on e-cigarette " Smoking Everywhere is "  pretty sure " the product is safe , based on laboratory testing in Europe , Taieb said . The company declined a CNN request to review safety reports . "  There are no ingredients in our e-cigs that can cause cancer . However , it is a pretty new product , so we are not 100 percent sure of the side effects at this point , " Taieb said . "  But we have n't heard of any negative side effects yet , but we are pretty sure they are safe . " Electronic cigarettes run on a battery . A person inhales an e-cig as he or she would a typical cigarette . When inhaled , the battery warms liquid nicotine stored in a plastic filter . The combination of heat and liquid creates the vapor or "  smoke " puff when exhaled . Health experts say the idea of an electronic cigarette is a great alternative to tobacco smoke but more evidence is needed . "  Nicotine is not the thing in tobacco smoke that causes cancer , but inhaling pure nicotine may be dangerous , " said Dr. Steven Schroeder , physician and smoking cessation expert at the University of California-San Francisco Medical Center . "  We have no clue what the health effects could be . " Nicotine replacement therapies -- the patch or gum -- are safe and highly successful to help quit smoking . Tobacco smoke causes nearly 90 percent of lung cancer deaths , according to the American Cancer Society . "  If it is a choice between smoking tobacco product or a nicotine replacement -- of course , keep taking the nicotine , " Schroeder said . "  It is a heck of a lot healthier than tobacco smoking . " Developers of e-cigs echo the thought . "  We are n't claiming electronic cigarettes help you quit altogether , but I promise our product wo n't cause cancer . So no matter what way you look at it , it 's the healthier option , " Taieb said . Smoking Everywhere sells thousands of electronic cigarettes a day in the United States , the company said . Most are sold online or in 100 mall kiosks across the states . The company , which gave samples of e-cigs to celebrities at this year 's Grammy and Oscar awards , said it expects that "  big-name " actors will soon promote the product . U.S. sales are expected to double in 2009 . Sales of e-cigs have been on the rise in the United Kingdom , Switzerland , Sweden and Brazil for several years . The trend prompted the World Health Organization to issue a statement in 2008 calling for more safety testing . "  If the marketers of the electronic cigarette want to help smokers quit , then they need to conduct clinical studies and toxicity analyses , " the statement said . The idea that that e-cigs may be a good tobacco smoke alternative in the future could hold true , the FDA and WHO acknowledged , but proof of the product 's safety must come first .	Electronic cigarettes do n't contain tar , other chemicals ; only liquid nicotine CEO "  pretty sure " e-cigarettes are safe FDA says safety not proved , has been refusing importations WHO called for more safety testing in 2008
CNN  -- A leading spokesman for WikiLeaks has said he is stepping down , citing organizational shortcomings and clashes with the group 's founder . Daniel Domscheit-Berg , who was known as Daniel Schmitt while acting as spokesman , said the whistle-blower website has structural problems stemming from its rapid growth , the German magazine Der Spiegel reported Monday . WikiLeaks was thrust into the international spotlight earlier this year when it released some 76,000 pages of U.S. documents related to the war in Afghanistan . "  Because of the high pressure we have all been under following the publication of the American military documents , we have not been able to restructure our organization accordingly . This has created a situation in which not all of the work is being done correctly , and that is overwhelming the project , " Domscheit-Berg said , according to Der Spiegel . "  WikiLeaks has a structural problem . I no longer want to take responsibility for it , and that 's why I am leaving the project , " he said . Domscheit-Berg is one of a handful of people to have spoken on behalf of WikiLeaks , as the task typically falls to the website 's founder , Julian Assange . Domscheit-Berg told Der Spiegel he had clashed with Assange over what he saw as the founder 's increasing concentration of resources on fewer and larger leaks , and over whether Assange should take a more back-seat role following the rape and molestation allegations made against him in Sweden last month . "  In my opinion it would have been best if he  Assange  had pulled back a bit so that he could quietly deal with these problems . It would have been fine if he had continued his normal work out of the spotlight . But he clearly saw my internal proposal as an attack on his role , " Der Spiegel reported Domscheit-Berg said . According to the account , and a posting on Wikileaks ' Twitter page , Domscheit-Berg was suspended from the organization about a month ago . "  Julian Assange reacted to any criticism with the allegation that I was disobedient to him and disloyal to the project . Four weeks ago , he suspended me -- acting as the prosecutor , judge and hangman in one person , " Domscheit-Berg told Der Spiegel . WikiLeaks has previously said it plans to publish another 15,000 documents related to the war in Afghanistan soon , while Domscheit-Berg told the German magazine the group has additional leaks in the works . "  Through our rising recognition in the last six months , we have again received a lot of material that urgently needs to be processed and published , " he said .	Daniel Domscheit-Berg says WikiLeaks has a structural problem He repeatedly clashed with the website 's founder , Julian Assange The whistle-blower website has leaked thousands of classified documents
CNN  -- NATO 's chief urged Russia on Friday to pull back its troops from its border with Ukraine . Russia should contribute "  to a de-escalation of the situation " and engage in a direct dialogue with the Ukrainian government , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said during a visit to Sofia , Bulgaria . NATO is "  not discussing military actions " but is focused on protecting its allies , and it "  will take all steps necessary to make sure that this collective defense is effective , " Rasmussen said . Meanwhile , the organization is reinforcing support to its allies , "  from the Baltic to the Black Sea , " to deal with the instability created by Russia , Rasmussen said via Twitter . NATO released additional satellite images Friday purportedly showing the Russian military buildup and rebutted Russian claims that other satellite photos released a day earlier were outdated . NATO said the photos were recent , gathered between late March and earlier this month . "  It is clear that the military buildup of forces occurred in early March 2014 , " NATO said . Meanwhile , the destroyer USS Donald Cook has entered the Black Sea on a mission to demonstrate the U.S. "  commitment to our allies and to enhance security readiness in the region , " Navy spokesman Lt. Shawn P. Eklund said Friday . Russia has called the U.S. military move , however , part of a systemic NATO buildup in the Black Sea . An international crisis arose in Ukraine after Russia annexed its Crimean Peninsula in March under a pact signed by Russian President Vladimir Putin with the Prime Minister of Crimea and the mayor of the city of Sevastopol . Earlier , in a Crimean referendum , 96.7 % of ballots favored Crimea leaving Ukraine and being annexed by Russia . The United States now estimates there are up to 40,000 Russian troops near the border , based on classified and commercial satellite imagery . Russia has no intention to additionally annex the southeastern regions of Ukraine , Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Friday in a televised interview on Russian state television , the state-run ITAR-Tass news agency reported . "  This would run counter to the vital interests of Russia , " Lavrov said , while adding that there is no need to deploy peacekeepers in Ukraine nor any need for United Nations Security Council decisions on the matter . Lavrov went on to say that there are no Russian troops or Russian secret services agents in southeastern Ukraine . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NATO 's secretary general says Russia should de-escalate border buildup NATO releases more photos that it says shows buildup to rebut Russia 's denials Destroyer USS Donald Cook enters the Black Sea Russia has no plans to annex southeastern Ukraine , the country 's foreign minister says
CNN  -- A class action lawsuit has been filed against Carnival Corporation surrounding the events that crippled the cruise ship Triumph in the Gulf of Mexico . Filing on behalf of other passengers , Matt and Melissa Crusan of Oklahoma alleged in their lawsuit that "  Carnival knew or should have known that the vessel Triumph was likely to experience mechanical and/or engine issues because of prior similar issues , " the court filing said . The lawsuit alleged that conditions on the ship "  created a severe risk of injury , illness and/or disease . " The case was filed this week in U.S. District Court in the southern district of Florida . Carnival spokesman Vance Gulliksen said : "  We are unable to comment on pending litigation . " Coast Guard : Cruise ship fire started with leaking fuel-oil line The Triumph experienced propulsion issues on prior voyages in mid-January , and on January 28 , "  there was an incident which resulted in damage to the Triumph 's ... propulsion system and generators , " the suit said . "  Notwithstanding said issues , Carnival knowingly decided to embark on the subject voyage . " On February 7 , the Triumph departed from Galveston , Texas , for planned four-day cruise to Mexico , but on the third day , a fire broke out , bringing the trip to a halt . The vessel was carrying more than 4,200 people , including 3,100 passengers , and conditions became unsanitary as human waste overflowed into public spaces on the ship . On Tuesday , the U.S. Coast Guard said the fire started with a leak in a fuel-oil return line running from one of the ship 's engines . When the leaking oil hit a hot surface , the fire ignited . The Coast Guard is continuing its investigation into why the ship was disabled for so long . The fire started about dawn February 10 . Tug boats pulled the disabled ship to safe harbor in Mobile , Alabama , late on February 14 . The debarkation process lasted until February 15 . Lawsuit filed over ` floating hell ' cruise "  From February 10 , 2013 , until February 15 , 2013 , Plaintiffs and all other similarly situated passengers were harmed and/or injured as a result of the engine room fire by way of being stranded at sea without necessary services and supplies , " the lawsuit said . Passengers slept on deck or in other public areas and used buckets , bags , showers and sinks to relieve themselves of waste , the suit said . They were given "  spoiled and rotting food " to eat , the lawsuit said . "  Due to the lack of working plumbing and sanitation systems on the vessel , sewage and/or putrid water filled with urine and feces leaked onto floors , walls , and ceilings . This sewage and/or human waste sloshed around the vessel as the vessel listed while drifting and/or while under tow , " the suit said . Cruising into court after a bad cruise	NEW : "  Sewage and/or human waste sloshed around the vessel , " suit says Class-action lawsuit alleges Carnival should have known "  mechanical and/or engine issues " Conditions created "  a severe risk of injury , illness and/or disease , " suit alleges
Katsurashima , Japan  CNN  -- The dock on Katsurashima Island off the coast of Japan 's Miyagi prefecture has sunk by half a meter because of last year 's Great East Japan earthquake . Walking along the cracked and sandbagged quayside , oyster farmer Yoshimasa Koizumi spies his fishing gear that has been lying untouched for over a year . In fact the 37-year-old has never used it to fish with ; he moved from Tokyo to Katsurashima , part of the Urato Islands , just one day before the devastating tsunami struck . Koizumi was safe on a bridge when the huge black wall of water swept almost all before it , destroying his new fishing boat and making the house he had spent only one night in uninhabitable . He 's one of thousands whose homes and livelihoods were ruined . The Japanese government has estimated that around 90 % of fishing boats from Iwate , Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures were destroyed by the tsunami . "  In a way ,  the tsunami  has made it easier to fit into the community , " he said , mentioning how lifelong residents of the islands are often quite insular . "  A positive thing was that it made everyone come together . I was an outsider and many were kind to me . " The quiet life Koizumi hoped for after quitting a job at a lumber company in Tokyo is still to be realized , and some residents of Katsurashima do n't think fishing , a way of life for all on the Urato Islands and livelihood for most of the communities along the Northeast coast of Japan , is possible anymore . "  There 's not much future for fishing here , " said 75-year-old former fisherman Mr. Keikichi , a lifelong resident of Katsurashima . However Koizumi sees things differently . Even though only one oyster processing factory is still functioning and a third of fishermen of the Urato Islands remain , he is determined to revive his new community and create a sustainable fishing industry . Just a month after the tsunami , Koizumi set up "  Uminoko Saisei "  Children of the Sea  , a cooperative project for fishermen from the Urato Islands and outside "  stakeholders . " The stakeholders ' donations to help the area 's recovery will eventually be repaid with fishermen 's produce like oysters and seaweed . Koizumi used Twitter and Facebook to promote the project , and since April 2011 over 14,000 people from across the world have sent donations . "  I did n't want  fishermen on the islands  to quit , " he said . "  I was n't a fisherman before . It 's very hard to be a fisherman . If I could succeed , it could help those who quit to come back . " But Koizumi 's plan has n't been without some controversy . Some of his ideas have been hard for some of the established fishermen and the local Fisherman 's Guild to digest . "  At first many local fishermen did n't have a clue what I was doing , like planning some innovative ideas and selling to new markets . It has taken time to convince them . "  Before , let 's just say that communication did n't happen often between islanders , " he said , explaining that the Fisherman 's Guild had a tight hold on how fishing was regulated and before the tsunami most fishermen operated as individuals . More than half of Miyagi Prefecture 's fishermen are over 50 , but some of the younger residents of the Urato Islands are happy to follow Koizumi 's lead . Mr. Yoshinori Suzuki , who returned to the area from Yokohama to help his father 's fishing business on nearby Nonoshima Island , says he 's open to Koizumi 's plans , but he currently has to work in construction as well fishing to make a living . The tsunami has actually made this a good year for the bay 's oyster beds , as it brought in nutrients from the deep ocean , although this year 's harvest will still be half what was produced before the tsunami . Forecasts are for oyster and seaweed production to return to pre-tsunami levels by 2014 , but if the bay 's sea life is sure to recover , the life for those ashore is much less certain . Even Koizumi 's project has changed from what he first thought it would be . While support from individuals and NGOs has been forthcoming , the Children of the Sea Foundation was created to help manage the project and Japanese medical company Tokibo became a partner . Executives from the company now sit on the board , along with Koizumi and members from the Urato Islands Fisherman 's Guild . It 's part of a wider phenomenon of companies in Japan partnering or helping previously independent communities or cooperatives affected by the earthquake . "  Many companies want to help the communities recover , but after two years when the local economy gets better , who knows what may happen , " said Professor Masahiro Yamao of Hiroshima University , who has studied the economics of post-tsunami recovery plans . "  Some companies may want more and more return for their investment , " he added . "  But you ca n't say what is right or wrong for these communities , they are all quite different , some more isolated than others , some more damaged than others . Many traditional communities will be okay without companies , so there is no one solution . " The simple life of a fisherman still eludes Koizumi , administering the Foundation now takes nearly all of his time . "  Now there are lots of different opinions , and it makes it much more difficult , " he said . "  I just want to be able to prepare my own boat and fish . " Unfortunately that day still seems a long way off .	Urato Islands off coast of Miyagi Prefecture a microcosm of troubles affecting fishing communities Tsunami devastated islands destroying 90 % of fishing boats Yoshimasa Koizumi moved to island one day before tsunami struck His ` Children of the Sea ' project aims to revive fishing and community of Urato Islands
CNN  -- A Texas distributor has expanded a recall already involving thousands of cases of produce over fears of salmonella cross-contamination in its processing facility , the company said . The case is one of two apparently unrelated outbreaks that have sickened nearly 100 people in the United States and Canada . J&D Produce , Inc. had previously announced the recall of nearly 7,000 cases of cilantro and curly parsley after samples in Quebec , Canada , and Michigan tested positive for the bacteria , the company said Monday . The "  precautionary , voluntary recall " pertains to cilantro and parsley packed between November 30 and December 6 , the Edinburg , Texas-based company said in a statement . The produce was processed and branded as Little Bear between those dates can be taken to retailers for a full refund . The company is also recalling 19 other types of produce that were run on the same packing lines , because the salmonella may have spread to those products as well . "  It 's imperative to protect public health , even if that means being overzealous in expanding the scope of the products we 're calling back , " said James Bassetti , president of J&D Produce . "  We will work closely with regulators , health officials and our customers in bringing back the products . " No one has reported getting sick from eating the vegetables , according to J&D Produce . The recall came after independent tests found salmonella on the company 's parsley in Quebec and its cilantro in Detroit , Michigan . The company 's products are sold retail as well as to wholesalers , who may then distribute them to restaurants and other establishments , according to Sharon McNerney , a public relations consultant for the company . The recall involves 2,498 cases of the parsley -- which have expiration dates 12 days after being packed -- that went out to the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Ontario and the U.S. states of Connecticut , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Texas , Washington and Wisconsin . The 4,411 recalled cases of cilantro , carrying the same packing and expiration dates , were distributed in Colorado , Illinois , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Texas , Washington and Wisconsin as well as Quebec and Ontario . A complete listing of the other recalled produce will be available on the company 's website . After the positive results , regulators and health officials in the United States and Canada have stepped up inspections of J&D Produce 's facilities , Bassetti said . They also undertook other measures , including stopping and sanitizing all production lines , adding manual inspections , rinsing products more and bringing in consultants . "  We have a good track record , but we 'll bring our expectations and standards to even higher levels , " he said . "  We 've already begun improving our systems . " In addition to cilantro and parsley , the Texas company gathers , packs and distributes a variety of fruits and vegetables such as carrots , limes , eggplants , peppers , greens , onions , melons , mangoes and asparagus , according to its website . A separate salmonella outbreak linked to alfalfa sprouts has sickened some 94 people in 16 states and the District of Columbia , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported Tuesday . Health officials said those first cases became known November 1 , with many getting ill after eating alfalfa sprouts in products from Jimmy John 's Gourmet Sandwiches outlets . The Food and Drug Administration said Monday that those vegetables came from Tiny Greens Organic Farm . Tiny Green 's alfalfa sprouts and spicy sprouts , which have alfalfa sprouts plus radish and clover sprouts , were distributed in 4-ounce and 5-pound containers to farmers ' markets , grocery stores and restaurants including Jimmy John 's . In addition to a variety of sprouts , the Urbana , Illinois , produce company distributes arugula , broccoli , fennel , cauliflower , onion , radish and other items , according to its website . The FDA said consumers should n't eat the sprouts and restaurants should n't serve them . They should instead be thrown away , the agency said . In a letter to Jimmy John 's franchisees , founder Jimmy John Liautaud said that the chain had pulled sprouts from all its Illinois establishments after store locations came up negative for the bacteria . About 24 % of those sickened in that outbreak were hospitalized , the CDC said . No deaths have been linked to the outbreak . The FDA said Monday that the sprouts were distributed in Indiana , Iowa , Missouri and possibly other midwestern states , with roughly half the illnesses occurring in Illinois . Health officials had previously said the salmonella outbreak had sickened at least 89 people in 15 states and the District of Columbia . Salmonella is a bacterial infection that usually lasts four to seven days . About 40,000 cases of salmonellosis are reported each year in the United States , according to the CDC . Those who get it typically develop fever , abdominal cramps and diarrhea between 12 and 72 hours after becoming infected . Most people recover on their own , without needing significant treatment . But salmonella in very young and very old people , as well as those with weakened immune systems can lead to severe illness and even death . The CDC recommends that anyone suspecting he or she may be ill from eating contaminated food should talk to a doctor .	Parsley , cilantro recalled in 14 states , two Canadian provinces 19 other vegetables from same line added to recall as a precaution Tiny Greens Organic Farm is source of outbreak involving alfalfa sprouts , FDA says Many illnesses in that outbreak tied to sandwich chain
CNN  Six months ago this week Omar received a panicked phone call from his friend and fellow student . "  I was in my dormitory writing a paper and a friend called me in desperation from a bus . He said they were being shot by police , " Omar explained . He has not heard from his friend since . Omar is a student at the Raúl Isidro Burgos Rural Teacher Training College of Ayotzinapa , in Guerrero state . His friend is one of 43 students who were subjected to enforced disappearance in September of 2014 . As the days and weeks passed , the Mexican authorities stalled and obfuscated . Despite worldwide attention on the issue , they have , for months , failed to properly investigate all lines of the case , especially the worrying allegations of complicity by armed forces . In January , I traveled to the Ayotzinapa college . There , in the college hall , surrounded by murals of Mexico 's revolutionary leaders , I met the families of the disappeared students . For the past six months , mothers , fathers , sisters and brothers , as well as other relatives and community members , have been campaigning relentlessly , demanding answers from the authorities about what happened to their loved ones . It was an emotional and difficult meeting ; there were tears of sadness and disappointment . Mothers and fathers spoke of counting the seconds since they last saw their sons , and expressed frustration at how they and their boys have been portrayed as troublemakers by the authorities and the media . These are people who have lived in poverty , whose communities have been historically abandoned by the state ; for many , their missing son was the first of their families to go to school . Now , so many hopes and dreams have been shattered . I have witnessed all kinds of human tragedies , but there can be few things as painful as the torment of not knowing where a loved one is . The past months have been a roller-coaster for these families , and all of us who support and accompany their struggles . But a constant factor has been the Mexican government 's failure to respond effectively and address these grave human rights violations . A prime example of this is how , on November 7 , 2014 , the authorities announced that human remains had been uncovered in a rubbish dump and a nearby river in Cocula , and the then-attorney general Jesús Murillo Karam announced weeks later that he was prepared to close the case . According to the prosecutor , he was satisfied that the findings of his office 's investigation were sufficient proof of what happened . However , only one of the missing students has been identified through DNA tests . Other human remains are still being tested , and it seems that the whole investigation so far has been based only on the testimonies of three gang members . You do n't have to be attorney general to know that this is far from conclusive proof . But amidst the sadness of the families I met , there was a calm and steely resolve . These 43 mothers and fathers have decided they can not accept the silence or half-answers they have been given by the government , instead they are demanding the truth . One father explained to me how the horror of that day has transformed them all from peasant farmers to detectives and campaigners . If the authorities wo n't push for proper investigations , then they will . They have been campaigning vocally for the truth ever since . The tragic reality is that these 43 students were only the most recent we have heard of in a long line of the disappeared . According to official figures , 24,748 people have disappeared or gone missing in Mexico since 2007 , and almost half of them during the current administration of President Peña Nieto . Fortunately the international community has stepped up . Recently the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights established a Group of Independent Experts to review the official investigation into the enforced disappearance of the students . In February , the United Nations ' Committee on Enforced Disappearances produced recommendations on how to deal with disappearances in Mexico . The committee concluded that there is a context of generalized disappearances in a great part of the country . It has asked the government to prevent acts of intimidation and harassment toward the families of the disappeared and has suggested setting up a DNA database of missing people and a registry of disappearances . However , even these international calls are going unheeded . Just hours after the U.N. committee published its conclusions and recommendations , the Mexican government disregarded them . This is a worrying sign that the government is not stepping up and taking this human rights crisis seriously . On March 3 , Mexico appointed Arely Gómez González as the new federal attorney general . We had hoped that she would forge on where her predecessor failed and get to the root of the corruption and impunity that lies behind this terrible tragedy . However , her recent statements -- that the disappearance of the 43 students is an "  isolated case " and that there is no confirmation of grave human rights violations in this case -- are shocking . For Omar and the others waiting for news , it is only full accountability and pursuit of justice that can address the horrors they have seen and experienced . "  The government 's response has been nothing but disrespectful and insensitive , " Omar said . "  I 'm alarmed about what happened but I 'm not afraid . We will never give up our fight for justice . " Amnesty International and I will be there alongside them every step of the way .	Six months ago , 43 students from Ayotzinapa College in Mexico disappeared Erika Guevara Rosas : It is outrageous that Mexican authorities have not found them
CNN  -- A federal judge dismissed a case of cyberstalking on Twitter ruling that even though some tweets caused emotional stress , they are still considered free speech . The case involved Alyce Zeoli , a Buddhist leader based in Maryland . Zeoli aroused the ire of William Lawrence Cassidy , a man who , according to the memorandum opinion issued in the case , befriended Zeoli in 2007 before the two had a falling out . Using various pseudonyms on Twitter and on blogs , Cassidy published more than 8,000 tweets and posts about Zeoli often wishing death upon her .  One tweet , for example , read , "  Do the world a favor and go kill yourself . P.S. Have a nice day . " Zeoli cooperated with the FBI , which had Cassidy indicted and put in jail in February on interstate stalking charges , a statute of the Violence Against Women Act . Cassidy sought to dismiss the indictment on the grounds that it violated the First Amendment . The judge in the case , Roger W. Titus , agreed with Cassidy 's assertion , concluding that the First Amendment "  protects speech even when the subject or the manner of expression is uncomfortable and challenges conventional religious beliefs , political attitudes or standards of good taste . " Titus also cited the fact that Zeoli is a public figure  she was the subject of a book published in 2000  and ruled that Cassidy 's remarks did n't constitute a "  true threat . " Factoring into Titus 's thinking was his assessment of Twitter and blogs , which he likened to billboards . Billboards , he reasoned , do not send messages and "  does not communicate , except to those who voluntarily choose to read what is posted on it . " In reaction to the ruling , Zeoli was "  appalled and frightened , " according to her lawyer , Shanlon Wu , who spoke to The New York Times . Chun Wright , one of Zeoli 's attorneys , says it has n't been determined yet whether an appeal to Titus 's ruling will be sought . Cassidy 's public defenders , meanwhile , are working on getting him released from jail , according to the report . What do you think ? Should posts on Twitter and blogs be protected even if they appear to be threatening ? Let us know in the comments . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Alyce Zeoli , a Buddhist leader , pressed interstate stalking charges against William Cassidy Cassidy published more than 8,000 tweets about Zeoli often wishing death upon her The judge dismissed Cassidy 's indictment because it violated the First Amendment Judge says the amendment protects free speech and did n't constitute a ` true threat '
CNN  -- A Cameroon appeals court has acquitted two men found guilty of homosexuality because they wore women 's clothes and ordered a cream-based liqueur , according to rights groups . Jonas Kimie and Franky Ndome were arrested outside a nightclub and sentenced to five years in prison in November 2011 "  The acquittal of two Cameroonian men jailed for looking gay because they wore women 's clothes exposes the systematic discrimination against perceived homosexuals in the country , " Amnesty International said in a statement . The conviction was based on stereotypes because authorities never saw them engage in homosexual acts , according to their lawyer . "  The judge who originally sentenced them had stated that the way they dressed , the way they spoke , and the fact that they drank Bailey 's Irish Cream proved they were gay , " their lawyer , Alice N'Kom , told global gay rights group All Out , which launched a petition demanding the men 's release . The court overturned the conviction Monday , but it was unclear whether they have left prison . Homosexuality is illegal in Cameroon , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . Sentences for homosexual acts vary between six months to five years . Rights groups applauded the ruling , but called on the nation to free others imprisoned under anti-gay laws . Last month , a Cameroon appeals court upheld a three-year sentence against a man convicted of homosexuality for texting his male friend to say , "  I 'm very much in love with you . " The university student was arrested in 2011 after the man who received the message tipped off authorities . Authorities in the west African nation were not immediately available for comment . A series of countries have criminalized homosexuality , but prosecutions are rare . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life , but lawmakers are trying to introduce a bill that toughens the law .	The men were sentenced in November 2011 Group : The judge stated they were homosexuals because they wore women 's clothes and drank Bailey 's Irish Cream In 2011 , a court sentenced both to five years in prison Homosexuality is illegal in Cameroon
They 've got it all : Free food , fitness facilities , massage rooms , hair dressers , laundry rooms and on-site doctors . Are they Hollywood celebrities ? No , they 're Google employees in Mountain View , south of San Francisco , and if you 're an employee here you 're encouraged to spend 20 % of your time on a project of your choosing . It 's no surprise Google places fourth on the U.S. Fortune ' 100 Best Companies to Work For ' list . First place belongs to SAS , the world 's largest privately held software company which offers free on-site medical care for employees and their families , low-cost high quality child care , a fitness center , library , and summer camp for children of employees . How could this possibly pay off ? "  It pays off spectacularly , " says Milton Moskowitz , journalist and co-author of the Fortune ' 100 Best Companies to Work For ' list since its beginning in 1998 . "  We keep track of stock market performances of companies on this list , and they are consistently outperforming other companies , " he adds . The payoff shows up in increased innovation and productivity , low turnover , low sickness rates , and high employee satisfaction . In a world warring for increasingly sparse talent , a strong employer image is also not to be underestimated . "  It means you can attract and attain some amazing people " , says Laszlo Bock , senior vice president of people operations at Google . "  People who are exceptional and motivated , and who are driven beyond a good job and a paycheck . " "  Employees matter , and the thought that they just ` turn off their lights ' when they come to work is ridiculous " , says Jennifer Mann , vice president of human resources for SAS . "  You are not going to succeed unless you have a stable workforce . Our voluntary turnover is 4 % or less in an average industry of 22 % , and we estimate it is saving the company hundreds of millions in company turnover . " The approach is a far cry from the 1900s sweatshops of the U.S. So , what 's changed ? Perhaps not as much as you might like to think . The companies on this list are "  exceptional , " says Moskowitz . "  They are not the norm . We still have a lot of ground to cover , but 25 years ago it was such a hierarchical business structure and that 's changed a lot . " "  The realization that there is a relationship between employee welfare and productivity is actually not new , " says Daniel A. Wren , author of Evolution of Management Thought . "  Henry Ford tried a workers ' welfare program to deal with high turnover , even paying people $ 5 a day at a time when that was unheard of . Others have tried similar programs . But , we 've come a long way since the backbreaking work of the 1920s . Workers today are smarter , more skilled , more demanding . They want different things . " Research by the Great Place to Work Institute , co-publisher of the Fortune annual list , shows us that today 's employees really do want different things - and it is not in their paychecks . Their work with more than ten million employees worldwide reveals that what people want is : Trust in leadership and each other , pride in their work , enjoyment of the people they work with , and fairness and transparency ; all things that companies like Google and SAS seem to do well . The key to making this approach successful , they say , is a sincere focus on employee wellbeing . "  A lot of companies think , they can fix just one thing , says Mann , who through SAS also works with companies globally to help them create better work environments , "  They think that if they add a healthcare centre then that will do . But it 's a much bigger picture . " Bock agrees , "  The important thing to note is that you do n't need a lot of money to do what Google has done . If you give people freedom , they will amaze you . " So , how can you begin to reap the benefits of a happy staff ? Simple , says Moskowitz : "  Sit down and talk with your employees . Ask them what they want . "	Google employees in Mountain View get free food , fitness facilities and on-site doctors Such pay-offs show up in increased innovation and productivity Today 's employees want more than a paycheck If you give employees freedom , they will surprise you
CNN  -- Ernests Gulbis is no stranger to a controversial comment . The Latvian tennis star once described the press conferences of Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic , Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray as boring . Then there was the time he said the fact that marijuana was legal in the Netherlands was one of the reasons he liked playing in Rotterdam so much  although he quickly added that he did n't smoke himself , he just liked that way of thinking  . Now , Gulbis has caused a stir thanks to his views on the sport 's female players , telling reporters at the French Open in Paris he hopes his younger sisters do n't become tennis professionals because women need to think about having children . "  Hopefully they 're not going to pursue a professional tennis career , " Gulbis said . "  A woman needs to enjoy life a little bit more , needs to think about family , needs to think about kids . " He added that female tennis players ca n't think about having kids until they are in their late 20s , and "  that 's tough for a woman . " Unsurprisingly , Gulbis ' comments were picked up on social media sites Friday with many decrying the remarks as sexist . But Maria Sharapova , who defeated Paula Ormaechea 6-0 , 6-0 Friday to move into the fourth round of the ladies draw , played down any controversy . "  I do n't think we can take everything serious when he speaks , " Sharapova laughingly said in her post match press conference . "  I think he 's great entertainment and we love to listen to what he has to say . " "  I think the sport brings so many opportunities to women . I mean , it 's brought me so many things into my life and my career . I do n't regret any step that I have taken . " Gulbis was speaking after defeating Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic 6-3 , 6-2 , 7-5 . He now advances to play Roger Federer in the fourth round after the Swiss overcame Dmitry Tursunov 7-5 6-7  9/7  6-2 6-4 . Gulbis , who has risen to a career high world ranking of 17 thanks to a fine run of form this year , has never made the fourth round of a major before but admitted he was keen to make up for lost time . "  Until the last two years I would be consistent for say three months , then I got sick or went to Latvia and took stupid ten days off , " he said . "  Now I 'm jumping on the last train . I 'm 25 so this is my last opportunity to be really successful . " Gulbis and Federer were joined in the fourth round later in the day by world No 2 Novak Djokovic who battled past Croatia 's Marin Cillic 6-3 6-2 6-7  7-2  6-4 . The Serb , who dropped a set against Cilic for only the third time in nine meetings , will now face home-favorite Jo Wilfred Tsonga for a place in the quarter finals . "  Physically I had to work very hard , because he was very aggressive , and I could expect that , " Djokovic said of his opponent after the match . "  But  In important moments I held my nerves and , you know , I 'm very happy that I went through . " Elsewhere in the men 's draw , John Isner overcame Tommy Robredo of Spain 7-6  15-13  7-6  7-3  6-7  7-5  7-5 . The big-serving American will now meet Thomas Berdych in round four after the Czech beat Spain 's Roberto Bautista Agut . Radwanska stunned The women 's draw witnessed yet another shock Friday as third-seed Agnieszka Radwanska lost to unseeded Croat Ajla Tomljanovic . The Pole went down 6-4 6-4 in the first game of the day on Philippe Chatrier and follows top seeds Serena Williams and Li Na in making an unexpected an early exit at Roland Garros . "  After seeing the two first seeds go out ,  I  feel like I can do this too . I grew up with these girls that are beating them ... obviously , you respect everyone , but you do n't fear anyone , " Tomljanovic told reporters . The highest ranking player left in the ladies competition is now fourt seed Simona Halep of Romania who does n't play her third round match against Maria-Teresa Torro-Flor until Saturday . Elsewhere on Friday , Angelique Kerber of Germany beat Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova 7-5 , 6-3 and will now face 18th seed Eugenie Bouchard of Canada for a place in the quarters . Meanwhile , Samantha Stosur overcame Dominika Cibulkova 6-4 , 6-4 to set up a fourth round tie with Maria Sharapova .	Ernests Gulbis says female tennis players need to think about kids when considering career Female tennis players ca n't have kids until late 20s and "  that 's tough " Gulbis said Maria Sharapova tells reporters not to take Gulbis comments seriously
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Las Vegas may never be the same now that Britney Spears has started a residency in Nevada 's Sin City . "  Britney : Piece of Me " debuted at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino this weekend , almost 10 years to the day that Spears married a high school friend at a wedding chapel just down the Vegas strip . Her marriage to Jason Alexander lasted just 55 hours before it was annulled , but Spears ' new relationship with Vegas is planned for at least two years . She is reportedly earning $ 300,000 per show -- $ 30 million for the 100 shows through 2015 . Spears dances on a 100-foot stage , backed by 14 dancers and one of the world 's largest video installations . She enters from a spherical cage that descends from above . Near the end , Spears leaps from a giant tree , flying across the stage on a cable . While her microphone is live and Spears appears to be singing , much of what the audience hears is from pre-recorded tracks of 21 hits from her pop career . A live four-piece band plays behind Spears , visible on scaffolding at the rear of the stage . But evidence that much of it is pre-produced comes when Will.i.am appears on video to perform "  Scream & Shout " with Spears . Backing tracks for vocals are not new or unexpected , considering that Spears is running around the stage for most of the 90-minute show . The 4,600 people attending her opening night Friday seemed willing to suspend any disbelief . They also mouthed the familiar lyrics to "  Baby One More Time , " "  Oops I Did It Again , " "  Toxic , " "  Circus , " "  Womanizer " and "  Slave 4 U. " She includes songs from her just-released album "  Britney Jean . " Unlike most Vegas shows , the theater seats are almost unnecessary . The crowd stood through most of the show as if they were in a nightclub dancing to a DJ . Planet Hollywood describes the remodeled Axis Theater as "  part nightclub and part theater . " The VIP section includes bottle service , tables and a dance floor . Miley Cyrus , Katy Perry , Selena Gomez and Mario Lopez were among Spears ' celebrity friends in the VIP section on opening night . Tickets to the VIP area are in big demand , according to Robin Leach , the "  Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous " host who now covers Las Vegas nightlife . One Vegas business owner is negotiating to buy the front-center VIP table for every show , he said . Spears takes a break after playing the New Year 's Eve show , returning on January 29 to begin three shows a week for the next month . Shows are scheduled in four-week segments in April and May and again in August and September . A younger Las Vegas Spears ' arrival signals another phase in a trend toward a younger Las Vegas that began with nightclubs paying famous DJs big dollars to play electronic dance music . "  The demographic of Vegas has been sliding in the last two years , much younger and the emphasis now is not so much on gaming , " said Leach . The younger tourists are shopping , eating , drinking and going to nightclubs , he said . A fan who was just 6 when Spear 's first single -- "  Baby One More Time " -- topped the pop charts 15 years ago is now 21 and old enough to fly to Las Vegas and party . Spears , who turned 32 this month , "  is the obvious and natural choice " to take advantage of the younger Vegas because of her fan following , " Leach said . "  When you look at the landscape of pop stars , pop princesses , pop queens , there 's nobody other than Britney who has the depth of a career and the number of albums , " he said . "  She has a huge repertoire to go to . " Others will soon follow Spears , Leach predicted . Celine Dion made Las Vegas hot for older superstars when her Caesar 's Palace residency began a decade ago , he said . "  Celine brought in Elton  John  , Celine brought in Rod Stewart , Celine brought in Shania  Twain  , " he said . "  Who 's Britney going to bring in ? " Bruno Mars , whose first song hit the charts just three years ago , began a mini-residency of headlining eight shows at The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas Sunday night .	Britney Spears is reportedly earning $ 30 million for the 100 Vegas shows through 2015 Spears dances on a 100-foot stage , backed by 14 dancers and large video screens Fans do n't seem to mind that Britney uses pre-recorded vocal tracks Spears show signals a shift toward younger tourists in Las Vegas , Robin Leach says
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- An English tourist kidnapped from a remote Kenyan resort is being held by Somali pirates in a remote corner of the lawless country , according to experts and security analysts in Nairobi . "  Gangs from Southern Somalia took her up the coast and then moved her several times , " said Andrew Mwangura , a piracy expert and maritime editor of Somalia Report , an independent online publication . Judith Tebbutt was abducted by armed men from a remote safari lodge near to the Somali border earlier this month . Her husband , David Tebbutt , was killed in the attack when he resisted , according to Kenyan police . Details of the incident are still sketchy and the British government has asked journalists not to reveal the exact location of Tebbutt to avoid abduction attempts from rival gangs . Initially , it was feared that al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda-linked militant group , had conducted the operation as a revenge attack against the British nationals . But a security analyst based in Nairobi , who tracks piracy operations but is not authorized to speak to the media , also believes this is the work of pirates . "  This is not the work of al-Shabaab , " he said , "  this is the work of Southern armed gangs and pirates . " No ransom demands have been made yet , says Mwangura . But if Somali pirates carried out the operation , it represents a marked departure in tactics . For years , pirates have attacked commercial ships in the busy shipping lanes between Europe and Asia . A cargo ship has insurance , and after months of negotiations pirates can often clear several million U.S. dollars . Some analysts believe that Somali pirates are now moving onto land because it 's getting harder out at sea . "  Their inability to operate freely in the their waters is forcing them onto land , " says Andrews Atta-Asamoah , a senior researcher at the Institute for Security Studies . "  It 's significant if you place it in the context of the struggle against piracy . Since the whole push against piracy by international navies , the pirates have been looking for new territory and new frontiers . " Atta-Asamoah says that Kenya is a natural target because if its porous border with Somalia and a high number of foreign visitors and workers . The Kenyan government , prompted by their reliance on tourism for foreign exchange , says they are making every effort to secure the border with Somalia . Others say that , rather than a trend , this is a one-time attack caused by a more prosaic fact : the weather . Monsoon rains off the coast of Somalia at this time of year makes operating offshore difficult . "  This incident is a special case , " says Mwangura .	Judith Tebbutt was taken from a Kenyan lodge earlier this month Officials believe she is being held in a remote corner of Somalia One analyst believes this is the work of Somali pirates
CNN  -- A massive winter storm has left at least 17 people dead and more than a million homes across the Midwest without power , according to reports from several state emergency management agencies . A tree pulls on utility lines Wednesday in Louisville , Kentucky , in a photo from iReporter Jacek Jasinski . Almost half those households are in Kentucky , where 45 shelters have been set up to help residents battling icy conditions , a spokesman for the governor 's office said . "  One of our biggest concerns is -LSB- providing -RSB- power generators , especially for nursing homes out in the western part of the state that are without power , " Jay Blanton , spokesman for Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear , said Wednesday . The storm dumped ice and snow on a region that extends from Texas to Kentucky and left "  absolutely everything in northwest Arkansas ... at a standstill , " an Arkansas police officer said . Watch ice damage trees in Arkansas " "  It 's hard to walk , let alone drive , " Fayetteville , Arkansas , police officer Dan Baker said . "  It looks like tornado damage . " He added , "  Our officers are wearing metal cleats just so they can walk the streets . " iReport.com : Send your wintry weather photos , videos Northwest Arkansas has been hit hard , and schools and universities were closed throughout the state . See the impact of the storms " "  It 's like a ghost town , " Barbara Rademacher of Rogers , Arkansas , said Wednesday morning . "  It 's just white and ice , " Rademacher said while looking out her kitchen window at a street devoid of traffic and littered with the ice-weighted branches of oak trees . "  The roads are impassable , and there are shelters set up in every community because there are so many people with power out , " she said . The storms were extending their reach into the New England states Wednesday . The National Weather Service issued freezing rain , ice and winter storm warnings from Texas up through the Ohio Valley and into New England . Watch how to have fun in the snow " As of Wednesday , the Oklahoma Corporation Commission reported at least 27,621 homes and businesses affected by power outages across the state . The commission office was closed Wednesday because of the icy conditions . Heavy snow fell in many areas Tuesday into early Wednesday . Parts of Pennsylvania and Maryland were hit with 4 inches ; parts of Missouri , Illinois and Indiana were struck with 6 inches ; and areas of Ohio were covered with 12 inches of snow , forecasters said . Ice storms blast the heartland Weather-related flight delays were reported at New York 's LaGuardia and Washington Dulles International airports as well as in Dallas , Texas ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; and Newark , New Jersey , a Federal Aviation Administration Web site indicated . Check on your airport For Dorenda Coks , assistant manager at City Bites in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , the winter blast was a completely new experience . Watch the terrible driving conditions in Oklahoma and Arkansas " The Jamaica native is experiencing her first winter in Oklahoma and was n't prepared for the cold . "  You just try to stay warm , " Coks said . Oklahomans were due for some relief Wednesday as temperatures were expected to rise above freezing , according to meteorologist Andy Wallace of CNN affiliate KOCO-TV in Oklahoma City . CNN 's David Ariosto contributed to this report .	At least 17 deaths blamed on icy winter storm Kentucky opens 45 shelters for thousands without power "  Everything in northwest Arkansas is at a standstill , " police officer says Storms drop ice , sleet and snow from Texas to Ohio Valley to New England
San Diego  CNN  On the threshold of the 2016 election , the GOP is in a terrible fix over immigration . They 've done such an effective job of alienating Hispanics over the years with their overall approach to immigration . Fences need to be mended . At least that 's the views of Republicans who understand changing demographics and realize the folly of antagonizing a population that produces more than 2 million potential voters every four years and maintains a sizable presence in three battleground states : Nevada , Florida and Colorado . And yet , in politics , the first rule is that elected officials should always remember to take care of their base -- elements of which , for the GOP , frown on attempts by Republican politicians to engage in "  Hispandering " by reaching out to Hispanic voters and softening their tone on immigration . It 's mostly about jealously and resentment over seeing elected officials who used to woo them going off to woo somewhere else . Nonetheless , going forward , Republicans are n't sure what to do , and this indecision stems from three things . First , it is an article of faith among Republicans -- particularly those in the House of Representatives -- that the voters who turned out in November and put the GOP back in control of both houses of Congress want them to derail what the right-wing inaccurately describes as Obama 's "  executive amnesty . " That 's what House Republicans attempted to do recently when they used amendments to a spending bill for the Department of Homeland Security to cut off funding for the administration 's plan to shield millions of illegal immigrants from deportation . The tactic divides Republicans and sets up a confrontation with GOP Senate colleagues , who are expected to scuttle the measure . It 's also a largely symbolic effort that will , in the end , not amount to much besides giving House Republicans something to point to down the road , when they go home to their districts . They 're probably counting on the fact that , while some of their constituents will be angry that Obama 's executive action survived , others will give conservative lawmakers an "  A " for effort . Second , the Republican establishment and other moderates -- both in Washington and at the state level -- are determined to win back Hispanic support and not further antagonize or alienate those voters , unless the GOP wants to turn up DOA in the next several presidential elections . Republicans do n't have to turn themselves inside out , but they need to deal with immigration with more honesty , nuance and common sense . They should stop attacking immigrants because they 're frustrated by the government 's response to illegal immigration . And they should pick on people their own size by going after employers . Finally , they need to adopt a zero tolerance policy the next time a Republican official says something racist or nativist . Too many Republicans are cowards when it comes to acknowledging the role that ethnicity plays in the current anxiety that many Americans feel about managing immigration and securing the borders . And third , according to polls , nearly 90 % of Hispanic voters support Obama 's executive action and about 80 % of Hispanic voters say the GOP should not interfere with it , which sets up the possibility that Hispanics will punish Republicans if they continue to try to dismantle the policy . This does n't mean that all or even most Hispanics want open borders . It 's hard to make that argument given that , at the moment , most Border Patrol agents are Hispanic . But what I hear from Hispanics is that while they 're fed up with how both parties play politics with the immigration issue , they 're really furious at Republicans for that party 's efforts to demagogue this issue in order to scare up votes from white people . Hispanics say they want employers punished and not just the immigrants who ca n't defend themselves . And they tell me despite Republicans denying that race and ethnicity are factors in the debate , they do n't believe for one minute that Americans would be this shook up if the majority of illegal immigrants were coming from Canada , Sweden or Great Britain instead of Mexico , El Salvador and Guatemala . So how do Republicans placate those right-wing elements of their base and undo Obama 's executive action on immigration without further enraging Hispanics ? It wo n't be easy . Payback can be brutal . And while some political parties never learn , Hispanics never forget . Republicans could stubbornly decide that they do n't need Hispanic support in 2016 and beyond , and so they do n't have to worry about alienating them . Or they could roll the dice and count on the assumption that -- despite what the polls say -- not all Hispanics support Obama 's executive action because they oppose illegal immigration as much as other Americans . For now , Republicans seem to be going down a third road and simply ignoring the practical impact that their attempted rollback of Obama 's executive action would have on the millions of illegal immigrants who -- if the GOP were successful -- would suddenly be , once again , eligible for deportation . Republicans do n't want those people to be the focus of this discussion , and they 'd prefer the attention to be on the validity of executive action itself . That is where they 're shifting the conversation . That 's a weak attempt to dodge the issue . Hispanics are closer to this issue than other Americans because more of them have first-hand contact with illegal immigrants . They know this debate is n't some abstract discussion of competing priorities . They know it 's about people and detached politicians deciding who stays and who goes . That sounds like a fun game . Well , next year , Hispanics will get to play . They 'll help decide which elected officials stay in office and which ones go home for good .	On the threshold of the 2016 election , the GOP is in a terrible fix over immigration If Republicans want to win back Hispanic support , they have to stop alienating those voters with their policies
Rio Largo , Brazil  CNN  -- Federal aid is flowing to rain-ravaged areas of northeastern Brazil and the number of missing has diminished to less than 140 , but more than 150,000 people remained homeless or displaced Friday , the government said . President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Friday he will not attend this weekend 's G20 meeting in Canada to attend to the emergency at home , the Agencia Brasil government news outlet reported . Finance Minister Guido Mantega will take Lula 's place . The death count in two hard-hit states still stood at 46 -- 29 in Alagoas state and 16 in Pernambuco , Agencia Brasil said . There were nearly 75,000 homeless or displaced residents in Alagoas and more than 80,000 in Pernambuco , the national civil defense office said . In addition , civil defense said , there were more than 19,000 homes in Alagoas that were damaged or destroyed , as were 79 bridges . In all , civil defense said on its website , 59 municipalities have been affected in Pernambuco and 28 in Alagoas . The number of missing in Alagoas , which had stood at more than 600 Thursday , dropped to 135 as residents in some flooded towns were rescued , civil defense said . The federal government announced Thursday the release of 500 million reais  $ 277 million  to help victims . The money comes on top of a previous 50 million reais  $ 27.7 million  destined for Pernambuco and Alagoas . Lula also signed Thursday an interim measure of 1 billion reais  $ 555 million  to purchase construction material and equipment for businesses affected by the floods . The Organization of American States and the United States , which offered $ 50,000 , also have pledged aid .	Number of missing drops to less than 140 in northern Brazil Death count from flooding remains at 46 The country 's president cancels trip to G20 summit in Canada Nearly 90 municipalities have been affected by heavy rains , flooding
CNN  -- Speculation has been rampant over what exactly has happened to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . After all , Kim has n't been seen in public in over a month , and the country 's media took the unusual step of admitting that Kim is in an "  uncomfortable physical condition . " Some commentators believe this suggests Kim might be more seriously ill than the country is letting on . But others have speculated something more dramatic might have occurred -- namely a coup . Does the evidence back this up ? The short answer is , no . For a start , there have been no unusual military or troop movements inside North Korea , particularly tied to the Pyongyang defense command or other key military units . On top of this , just this past weekend , Hwang Pyong-so -- political director for the Korean People 's Army , and widely seen as the second most powerful man in North Korea -- and former KPA political director Choe Ryong-hae made a surprise visit to South Korea for the end of the Asian Games . The visiting officials brought with them a surprise : an informal offer from Kim to immediately resume high-level talks between North and South Korea . It is difficult to imagine that a regime facing an intense internal crisis or power struggle would dispatch two top political and military figures to South Korea , and make an offer in Kim 's name , if there really were a silent power struggle going on back in Pyongyang . Finally , it was reported that all the achievements of the North Korean athletes at the recently concluded games were attributed to Kim , with lectures given to workers on October 4 titled "  The faith and consideration of Marshal Kim Jong Un for the athletes and workers . " Clearly , the regime is still placing Kim at the center of its propaganda . Is Kim Jong Un 's sister in charge ? Absent any sort of evidence of military upheaval or unusual political activity , the only way this could be a coup is if it were completely invisible , a very unusual sort of coup indeed . True , talk of coups against successive Kim regimes has been a staple of North Korea-watching for decades . But the legitimacy of North Korea 's rulers has been centered on the Kim family since the country was founded , some seven decades ago . A coup would therefore not only have to physically replace Kim , but provide some sort of justification and legitimation for such action to the North Korean people . The role of the Kim family in North Korea is typically misunderstood as a "  cult of personality , " but the reality is more complex than that . In fact , one reason the North Korean regime has proved so durable is that it is grafted onto deep Korean social and cultural roots . In contrast to many other communist regimes that attempted to wipe away the past , the North Korean regime built its legitimacy on the basic idea that Kim Il Sung is the "  true " Korean , the only defender of the Korean nation from its enemies . Is Kim Jong Un still in charge of North Korea ? With this view in mind , the Kim family did not try to wipe out many of the existing cultural or social features of Korean life , but instead embraced them  in an admittedly warped way  . For example , the Korean Worker 's Party adopted the Confucian scholar 's brush -- perhaps the most obvious representation of traditional Korea -- as part of its official iconography . The party also encouraged its women to wear traditional Korean dress as often as possible , another link to its past . But most important of all has been the use of the traditional Korean extended family as the basis of North Korean political rule . Korea is a clan-based , familial society , and Kim Il Sung simply melded himself -- and his son and grandson -- onto the entire country as patriarch . Kim 's son and grandson have continued this patriarchal approach : Activities such as "  on the scene guidance , " and other personal interventions by Kim have emphasized the personal link between the Kim family and their citizens . Of course this effort at legitimation is warped and repressive . But it has also resonated with many North Koreans . All this suggests that while internal collapse is quite possible -- even likely -- if the Kim family itself should come apart , a coup by someone outside the family appears unlikely to succeed . Kim 's absence from celebrations marking the founding of the Korean Worker 's Party on October 10 would certainly raise eyebrows . But right now , without any kind of concrete evidence , speculation that there might have been a coup looks misplaced . Kim may be sick or even have had surgery . But he is also almost certainly still in power .	North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has n't appeared in public for over a month Speculation that he may have been toppled in coup is misplaced , says David Kang Lack of unusual military or political movement suggests Kim still in power , Kang says
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- President Barack Obama is scheduled to visit the demilitarized zone that splits the Korean Peninsula in two for the first time on Sunday . His planned visit to the heavily fortified border is part of a three-day trip to South Korea to participate in a summit meeting about nuclear security in Seoul . Top officials from 54 countries including China and Russia will attend the summit meeting next week , but its message of international cooperation has been overshadowed by North Korea 's announcement last week that it is planning to carry out a rocket-powered satellite launch in April . South Korea has said it considers the satellite launch an attempt to develop a nuclear-armed missile , while the United States has warned the move would jeopardize a food-aid agreement reached with Pyongyang in early March . North Korea says it has a right to a peaceful space program and has invited international space experts and journalists to witness the launch . Against that tense backdrop , Obama will visit the demilitarized zone and meet with some of the 28,500 U.S. troops stationed in South Korea , two of his top national security advisers said Tuesday during a conference call . The "  fundamental message " of the visit is "  underscoring the president 's support for the American troops who are serving on the Korean Peninsula , and our support for the Republic of Korea , our very close and strong treaty ally , " said Ben Rhodes , deputy national security adviser , using South Korea 's official name . Although Obama himself has not been to the demilitarized zone during his two previous trips to South Korea as president , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton paid a visit to the area in 2010 . And Obama 's predecessor , George W. Bush , used binoculars to peer into North Korea from a sandbagged bunker on the southern side of the border in 2002 . The date of Obama 's visit " is virtually two years to the day " since the sinking of the South Korean warship , the Cheonan , which left 46 Southern sailors dead , said Daniel Russel , director for Japan , South Korea , and North Korea at the U.S. National Security Council . South Korea says a North Korean torpedo attack was to blame for the ship 's sinking . The North has denied the accusation . In a dramatic reminder of the U.S. military presence in South Korea , an American F16 fighter jet crashed Wednesday near Kunsan airbase on the western coast of South Korea . The jet 's pilot safely ejected before the crash , and no casualties were reported , said Maj. Eric Badger , public affairs officer of the 7th Air Force . CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Jethro Mullen and Bob Kovach contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. fighter jet crashes in South Korea ; pilot safely ejects President Obama visits South Korea next week for a nuclear security summit While there , he plans to make his first visit to the demilitarized zone North Korea 's announcement of a satellite launch has increased tensions in the region
Moscow  CNN  -- At least 55 people are now known to have died when a ship sank with more than 200 people aboard on Russia 's Volga River , state-run media reported Monday , citing the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry . Dozens of people are still missing after the ship "  Bulgaria " went down on Sunday , the ministry said . Divers have been unable to reach parts of the boat where the largest number of people had congregated shortly before the accident , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . Many children are reported to have been aboard the pleasure cruise when the ship sank in the Russian republic of Tatarstan . At least 79 people have been rescued , some of whom have been released from hospitals after receiving medical treatment , according to government agencies . The ship did not have a license to transport passengers , it was overloaded , and was last repaired more than 30 years ago , the Russian Prosecutor 's Office said Monday . Prosecutors also established that the left engine of the ship was damaged , they said on their website . Russian state TV reported the vessel had an operational limit of about 150 passengers , citing a top government official on the accident site . State TV also reported , citing law enforcement officials , that there were life vests on board for only 156 people . Russian Emergency Situations Minister Sergei Shoigu said that according to the latest information , there were 208 people aboard the ship , of whom 25 passengers were not officially registered and did n't have tickets . President Dmitry Medvedev is declaring Tuesday a day of national mourning for the victims , he said in an emergency government meeting Monday . The president appointed Transport Minister Igor Levitin to head a special government commission to investigate the case . "  It is clear that such an accident could n't have taken place if safety rules were followed , even despite the difficult weather situation , " Medvedev said . "  We have to establish why the owner of the ship operated a ship that was in such a poor technical condition . " He also called for "  a total inspection of all public carriers in Russia , " he said , adding that it is "  obvious that this ship was not the only one with issues . "  The number of old tubs that are now in use  in Russia  is just staggering , " he said . "  We can see from the information we have that the vessel was not in the appropriate condition , " Medvedev said of the Bulgaria . He instructed the Prosecutor General 's Office to investigate everyone involved in the Bulgaria cruise , including "  ship-owners , those who issued the navigation permit and those who were involved in organizing that boat tour , especially given the large number of children aboard . " Officials are making arrangements to lift the ship from the river bed , he said , saying that planning for the project will be completed later on Monday . More than 80 scuba divers are now working on the site of the accident , with more arriving by the end of the day , the ministry said . The search-and rescue operation is expected to be completed by Monday evening , the Emergency Situations Ministry regional office said on its website . It is not clear how many people are still missing . Authorities have not ruled out the possibility that some passengers could have survived by swimming to the bank or one of the islands in the Volga . Survivors told Russian state TV that there were many children on board the ship . The ferry was built in 1955 in the then-Czechoslovakia , according to Russian law enforcement officials . RIA Novosti said the double-deck cruise ship went down near the village of Syukeyevo in Tatarstan , about 50 miles south of the city of Kazan . Kazan is about 450 miles east of Moscow . Svetlana Alekseeva , a crew member of the ship Arabella , which picked up many of the survivors , spoke to the Russian news agency Interfax after the accident . "  It all happened so fast . The crew did not have time to pull out the lifeboats and were able to lower only two inflatable rafts . Many passengers simply jumped into the water . Few escaped from the chaos in the water , I 'm afraid , " said Alekseeva , Interfax reported . CNN 's Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Divers have not yet reached area of the boat where people had gathered President Medvedev : "  The number of old tubs that are now in use is just staggering " He orders a special investigation and tells prosectuors to look into the case The ship was overloaded and not licensed to carry passengers , prosecutors say
Baluchistan , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan is taking a page from America 's counterinsurgency playbook in trying to win the hearts and the minds of those who might otherwise join Taliban militants or Balochistan nationalists against its military . Balochistan province -- Pakistan 's largest and one of its most troubled -- is home to a nationalist insurgency and an increasingly violent Taliban presence . The sight of Baloch troops marching in the Pakistani army might have been unimaginable three years ago , but recruits are now training to fight for the army , not against it . More than 3,500 such troops have been recruited since 2007 , commanders say . "  The whole exercise is to integrate the Balochi youth , " said Gen. Athar Abbas , a Pakistani army spokesman . "  If you encourage people all over the province to join the army and the state system ... that is going to diffuse whatever insurgency is left in these parts . " Part of that encouragement includes education . At an army engineering school , free courses are given to hundreds of civilian students . The coursework includes time in a computer , filling an education gap the government ca n't . "  We are established since the inception of Pakistan and we have more expertise and variety here , " said Brig. Jamil Sarwar Malik . The army also has made inroads by opening schools . When earthquakes hit the province two years ago , the army rushed in to help , but then stayed and boosted their popularity with a rebuilding program in the absence of government reconstruction . The army said its soldiers gave up a day 's pay , more than a million dollars , to build a school . The sum of their efforts have built 25 schools , 12 mosques and four health clinics . After nearly a quarter century , the army has reopened mines that were closed , while warring tribes fought because the central government was keeping the profits . The alienation led to calls for independence -- the Balochistan nationalist movement . With the mines open , $ 75 million dollars worth of coal has been extracted so far , with $ 16 billion dollars worth still underground . "  It is being spent overwhelmingly -- over 80 to 90 percent -- on the area itself , " for residents , for the children and for future generations , said Abbas . But siding with the military can come at a cost . Tribal leader Rab Nawaz Zing said he 's been attacked 18 times for supporting the army . He blames other tribal chiefs . "  If you want schools , you get shot , " he said . "  They say we do n't need health centers and roads . " While the counterinsurgency is making progress , the military acknowledges that it will take many more years of its best efforts to turn the tide and make the Taliban and nationalist ambitions a thing of the past .	Balochistan province is home to nationalist sentiments and Taliban violence The army is recruiting Baloch residents to join its fighting force Improved living conditions are part of the military 's plan to win support
CNN  -- London 's Metropolitan Police confirmed that officers from the police 's Counter Terrorism Command , SO15 , have arrested a 19-year-old man on suspicion of preparing for acts of terrorism . Though they are not yet releasing details on the charges or the man 's name , Scotland Yard said the man was arrested at London 's Heathrow Airport on Saturday and remains in custody at a police station in South London . Scotland Yard also said the arrest is not in response to any immediate risk or threat . Police have searched an address in Camden , a northern borough of London , though no information is being released on that search at this point . From CNN 's Joseph Netto .	19-year-old was man arrested at London 's Heathrow Airport The man was arrested on suspicion of preparing for terrorist acts Scotland Yard said arrest is not in response to any immediate risk or threat
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Members of the Senate Finance Committee met Tuesday with treasury secretary nominee Tim Geithner over concerns involving his personal taxes and the immigration status of a former housekeeper , transition officials said . Timothy Geithner has been nominated for the post of treasury secretary in the Obama administration . The Geithners employed a housekeeper whose employment authorization document expired about three months before she stopped working for them in October 2005 , according to a written statement from the Senate Finance Committee . Later , the housekeeper , who is married to a U.S. citizen , was granted a green card , transition officials said . The second concern involves Geithner 's taxes while he worked for the International Monetary Fund  IMF  . According to a statement released by the committee , Geithner failed to pay self-employment taxes while the IMF paid him from 2001 to 2004 . In 2006 , the Internal Revenue Service audited Geithner for tax years 2003 and 2004 , and he paid $ 16,732 for the taxes and interest for those years , the statement said . After Obama nominated him for treasury secretary , Geithner voluntarily amended his taxes for 2001 and 2002 , paying $ 25,970 for those taxes and interest , the committee said . The presidential transition team told Finance Committee staff about Geithner 's taxes early last month , the committee said . As an international organization , the IMF does not withhold money from employees ' paychecks to pay Social Security and Medicare . U.S. employees are required to pay them on their own . Robert Gibbs , the incoming White House spokesman , called Geithner 's tax issue a "  common mistake . " "  The president-elect chose Tim Geithner to be his treasury secretary because he 's the right person to help lead our economic recovery during these challenging times , " Gibbs said in a written statement . "  He 's dedicated his career to our country and served with honor , intelligence and distinction . That service should not be tarnished by honest mistakes , which , upon learning of them , he quickly addressed . " The Finance Committee said it would continue to review Geithner 's tax returns and other information ahead of a nomination hearing . "  When errors or issues of concern are discovered , transparency is vital to allow members of the committee and the entire Senate to fully review and assess the relevant information before hearings and votes occur , " the committee said . "  I believe that these errors , although serious , do not rise to the level of disqualification . He is an extremely competent man , " said committee Chairman Max Baucus , D-Montana . "  The errors were , in my judgment , honest mistakes . He did not in any way intentionally make those mistakes . " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , also said the mistakes were "  not at all disqualifying . " "  Tim came to the committee , admitted he had made some mistakes , and was very contrite , " he said . "  I continue to strongly support his nomination and given the tough economic conditions , hope we can confirm him as quickly as possible . "	Committee : Housekeeper worked for 3 months after employment document expired Geithner failed to pay self-employment taxes while working for IMF , committee says Errors were "  honest mistakes , " do n't rise to "  level of disqualification , " chairman says Tax issue a "  common mistake , " incoming White House spokesman says
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- A top European Union official says there 's no need for Britain to make threats to leave the union in order to reform its membership . "  In my mind it is only to the mutual benefit of Britain and Europe that Britain stays as a member of the European Union , " EU Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn told CNN 's Richard Quest . British Prime Minister David Cameron sparked the debate in a speech Wednesday in which he promised the British people a vote on European Union membership if he wins the next general election in 2015 . "  But as I was listening to the speech of Prime Minister Cameron yesterday concerning his policy agenda there are in fact many issues I can agree with and the commission is already working for those including how to increase the competency of European industry , how to complete the single market , how to pursue free trade agreements , " Rehn said . "  That 's all fine ... we work for common interest and growth of Europe . But you do n't have to make threats of leaving the union to have a debate on those . " Cameron told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that he has no regrets over the referendum promise , despite unhappiness among some European partners . "  It 's really important that we 've set out a plan for how we get change in Europe that will benefit all of Europe , making it more open , more competitive , more flexible , and how we secure Britain 's place within that , " he said . The European Union is already changing to meet the needs of the 17 members who are part of the euro single currency , Cameron said . Britain is not in that group . On the eurozone debt crisis , Rehn said the risk of the breakup of the euro "  has all but disappeared thanks to the actions taken by the member states and not least by the European Central Bank . "  However , of course , in the real economy we have a very difficult situation in many countries -- high unemployment , low growth -- and we have to use the better sentiment in the markets and restoration of confidence to bolster growth and job creation , " Rehn said . "  That 's the focus of 2013 . "	EU Commissioner Olli Rehn says UK need not "  threaten " to leave European Union Rehn : "  It is only to the mutual benefit of Britain and Europe that Britain stays as a member " UK Prime Minister David Cameron has pledged to hold a referendum on membership Rehn said threat of the breakup of the euro "  has all but disappeared "
New Delhi  CNN  -- The father of the woman whose rape and fatal beating provoked outrage across India and worldwide says his daughter 's death "  brought an awakening to society . " The 23-year-old student , whose name has not been released , died in a Singapore hospital in late December after being assaulted on a New Delhi bus on December 16 . The case sparked protests in several Indian cities and led to promises to strengthen laws against sexual assault . Opinion : India 's rape problem needs a rewiring of society 's attitude "  Society can no longer turn a blind eye to these sorts of incidents , which are happening every day , " the woman 's father told the British television network ITV . "  We have to change ourselves . If there are no changes , then these horrible things wo n't stop . The public has to wake up now . " The victim was a physiotherapy student who was expecting to start a hospital internship this month . Her father said she wanted to be a doctor "  right from the start , " largely to help her family escape poverty . "  Her main aim was that our family would not have to suffer anymore , " he said . "  She wanted to put the difficult life behind us . Why bow to our poverty ? She also wanted to make sure that I did n't have to keep working hard late in life . " Five men were charged with murder , rape and kidnapping , and could be sentenced to death if convicted . A juvenile court will take up the matter of determining the age of a sixth suspect , who claims to be 17 and therefore not old enough to be tried as an adult . Read more : Lawyer urges not-guilty pleas in India rape case The five adults appeared in court Monday , when a New Delhi judge ordered proceedings closed after tempers flared among lawyers inside the packed courtroom . The local bar association last week vowed not to represent any of the suspects because of the nature of the crime they are accused of committing . A male companion who had gone to the movies with the woman survived the attack with a broken leg . He later recounted that the bus driver made lewd remarks about the woman when they boarded , and five other men taunted the couple and locked the doors . Opinion : Indian rape debate : Why death penalty is no solution Then the attack began , with the driver , wielding an iron bar , taking part , the man told the news agency Agence France-Presse . The badly beaten woman was flown to Singapore for treatment after the attack . Her father told ITV he was "  like a bird without wings " as he accompanied his unconscious daughter , but "  I used to get filled with some hope . " "  When I was told that she might not get well and might have to get an operation , I felt uncomfortable . It was difficult for me , " he said . "  But when she was put on a ventilator , it gave me some hope that she would get better . I thought she might get better and she would live . " Read more : New Delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in India In some ways , Indian women have made great strides in the past few decades . Literacy rates have gone up and maternal mortality rates have gone down . Millions of women have joined the workforce , and political leaders like Congress Party chief Sonia Gandhi are role models . But the number of reported rapes -- in a country where a cultural stigma keeps many victims from reporting the crime -- has increased drastically , from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . New Delhi alone had 572 rapes reported in 2011 and more than 600 in 2012 . Most women in India have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , said Seema Sirohi , of the Indian Council on Global Relations . The slain student 's father said he hoped any new law inspired by the attack -- or perhaps a hospital -- would bear his daughter 's name . "  She has brought an awakening to society , " he said . CNN Correspondent Sumnima Udas contributed to this report .	The victim of the December New Delhi gang rape and fatal beating was an aspiring doctor Her killing has provoked protests in Indian cities and calls for tougher laws "  Society can no longer turn a blind eye to these sorts of incidents , " her father tells ITV
CNN Student News  -- October 12 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Danville , Kentucky Bahamas Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  Workers digging underneath a Paris supermarket have made an unsettling discovery : as many as 200 skeletons . The grocery store , Monoprix , was doing some renovations in January and workers removing an underground wall discovered the bones . The area was apparently part of a cemetery for the Hospital of the Trinity , according to CNN affiliate , France 's BFM-TV . The cemetery operated from the 12th century to around the 17th century . Researchers and archeologists are conducting carbon dating and DNA testing to try to figure out when and why the people died , the affiliate said . It 's clear they all died around the same time , lead archeologist Isabelle Abadie told BFM-TV , because of the way the bodies were neatly arranged . "  What 's surprising is the bodies were not thrown in  the graves  but were carefully placed there in an organized manner . The individuals , men , women , and children , were placed head-to-toe , " to fit as many as possible in the grave , Abadie explained . Paris suffered several plague epidemics during the times that the hospital was in operation , as well as a smallpox outbreak in the 17th century . Archeologists working the site have found eight common graves in an area that is 100 square meters , with seven of the graves containing between five and 20 skeletons each and another site with more than 150 skeletons , BFM-TV said . The groupings suggest that whole families were buried together . Abadie told BFM-TV that when the cemetery was shut down centuries ago , most of the remains were moved to the Catacombs of Paris . "  But apparently the job was not done well , " she said . CNN 's Alanne Orjoux contributed to this report .	More than 200 skeletons found under Monoprix grocery store The store is on a site where a hospital cemetery was located , dating to 12th century
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece is preparing to sell off billions of dollars worth of state assets including airports , highways and state-owned companies , as well as banks , real estate and gaming licenses , to meet international lenders ' demands that it raise funds . European finance ministers said Sunday that they were on track to give Greece a second huge bailout to keep the government afloat , but reiterated that Athens had to take tough measures to get it . Greece has to raise 50 billion euros  $ 71 billion  through privatization by 2015 , Eurogroup members said . It also has to push through tough budget-cutting measures , they said , despite widespread protests in the country that forced a government reshuffle last week . Prime Minister George Papandreou faces a vote of confidence in his new ministers this week as his party clings to a wafer-thin majority in parliament . Acknowledging the anger in the streets , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said the moves would bring "  hardships " but were "  long overdue . " "  If there were an easier route out of the crisis , we would have taken it . But there is not , " Barroso said in a written statement after meeting with Papandreou . "  The only way for Greece to return to growth and create jobs in a sustainable way is to restore competitiveness and put its public finances on a solid footing . " Barroso said the "  crucial vote " will be at the end of June , when lawmakers are slated to vote on the privatization plan and further tax increases , pension cuts and layoffs of public workers . "  These choices are not easy , but nor are the problems that need to be addressed , " he said . "  Now is not the time to falter . " Harsh reforms designed to help reduce Greece 's enormous budget deficit have so far led to tax hikes and public-sector job losses alongside already record-high unemployment . Papandreou faces opposition from within his own ruling socialists over the austerity measures needed to secure an additional bailout package . Anti-government protests turned violent Wednesday , as demonstrators threw gasoline bombs at the Finance Ministry and police fired tear gas at protesters , police said . But over the weekend , Papandreou told lawmakers , "  The government must stop spending more than it takes in . " The Greek debt crisis raises concerns for Europe 's currency , the euro . A default on its debts by Greece , or other struggling nations such as Portugal or Ireland , could adversely affect the world economy . European stocks fell in afternoon trading Monday as investors worried the trouble could spread . After meeting with Papandreou , European Council President Herman van Rompuy expressed his "  strong support " for the Greek prime minister 's economic reforms and said he had underlined the need for further efforts . But Van Rompuy noted that "  national consensus " was needed for the package to succeed , "  given the length , magnitude and nature of required reforms . " There are fears that efforts to restructure Greece 's debt could send shock waves through Europe 's banking sector and spark investor panic similar to that in the 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers , the U.S.-based global investment bank . On June 9 , the Cabinet approved a tough five-year plan for 2011-15 and introduced a bill in Parliament to put austerity measures into effect . The government proposes reducing the public-sector workforce by 150,000 ; workers will also face changes in working hours , practices and wages , and the plan also sets out changes to social benefits , including pensions and unemployment aid . According to the Finance Ministry , these measures will help achieve 28.3 billion euros  $ 40.5 billion  in cuts from 2012 to 2015 , and shrink Greece 's public deficit to less than 3 % of gross domestic product , in accordance with the EU target . The government has said the passage of these additional measures is essential to Greece 's securing the fifth portion of the original 110 billion-euro  $ 158 billion  bailout package that Greece signed with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund last year to prevent the country from defaulting on its debts . CNN 's Diana Magnay and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : European Council president says a national consensus is needed Airports , highways , banks and more are for sale as Greece tries to raise billions of euros Euro zone ministers say new loans are contingent on Greece raising money through privatization Talks on a second bailout package follow three weeks of street protests and political upheaval
CNN  -- Like many immigrant parents of Central American children who cross the U.S.-Mexico border alone , Elva Marroquin Rosales is now in agony over what became of her two small youngsters who dared to enter the United States illegally by crossing Rio Grande River . For two or three weeks , the Los Angeles area mother heard nothing about her son Angel , 10 , and daughter Dulce , 7 . It 's a silence many Central American families in the United States endure , wondering for weeks or even months if their child is alive or dead . Then , Marroquin finally heard word about two weeks ago : she received a phone call from an "  immigration " official in Texas who desperately sought the mother 's voice in order to calm her two sobbing children , who were apparently in a detention facility . At last , Marroquin knew they were at least alive . She soothed her children , but then the June 8 phone call went dead . "  My children were heartbroken , sad , tearful , crying beyond comparison , begging me to take them out of there , " Marroquin , 25 , said . "  Their begging was so distressing because I could n't run to get them . " Since then , Marroquin has been unable to track down the detention facility in Texas that called her , and now the angst of her children 's absence goes on , day after day . Her son told her a painful rash was stinging his body . "  I wanted to run and tell him , ` Son , I 'm here and you have me here , ' but I simply could n't . I cried and asked God to look after them , " said Marroquin , who lives in Rialto , California . Marroquin 's ongoing saga is the other half of what families experience when children , some as young as age 5 , cross the border alone , with siblings or with other children as they become part of a disturbing new tactic to enter the United States illegally . Marroquin has now been waiting a total of one month for an official notice about her children 's status . "  To be together with them and hugging them and telling them , ' I love you , ' it will be worth the wait and the sacrifice , " Marroquin said . Risking all It 's a high-risk mission that imperils a family 's most precious asset -- and an experience shared by other parents and relatives of tens of thousands of Central American children . Many children become victims of crime or sex abuse during their unchaperoned journey . If the child successfully enters the country illegally , the reward for families and parents such as Marroquin is an emotional reunion of a high order . In Marroquin 's case , she and her husband have been living in the United States for six years and now have an 8-month-old baby , their third child , whom the two older siblings have n't met face-to-face . The mother has n't seen her two eldest children in person during those six years . She kept in touch with them online , through video chats on Skype . Marroquin hopes U.S. officials will call her again soon so her family can be reunited . But such U.S. reunions are being discouraged by federal officials , who are now streamlining bureaucracy so that the government can hasten the deportations of the children , to separate them again from their U.S.-based families . At the same time , the U.S. government is providing several million dollars in additional support for the three main Central American countries -- El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras -- to receive and repatriate migrant children and other deportees , the White House said Friday . Besides the peril of crossing the desert or waterways along the border , the children are finding their eventual arrest and detention as equally distressful : U.S. processing and detention facilities are designed more for adults than minors and offer poor living conditions for children . "  It is also hazardous to send a child into South Texas to a processing center , " Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson stated last week . "  A processing center -- and a number of us here have seen them ourselves -- are no place for children , and to put a child into hands of a criminal smuggling organization is not safe either . "  I would encourage no parent to send their child or send for their child through this process , " Johnson said . But Central American families take the risk any way , with private hopes that somehow they can obtain legal residency some day -- though the Obama administration warns that the unaccompanied children or mothers with children wo n't benefit from any proposed immigration reforms or a deferred deportation policy for young immigrants called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals . Central American treatment What makes Central American children an exceptional case is how U.S. also favors them over other children arrested at the border : Mexican children are deported immediately , but the other Latin American children are detained and then put in the care of parents or relatives in the United States . They are then assigned a court date , but union leaders of the U.S. Border Patrol agents say many families skip the court dates , and the children join America 's population of 11 million undocumented immigrants . Often fleeing drug and gang violence in their home countries , the children take buses from El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala , and when they reach the U.S.-Mexico border , they cross alone , with siblings or in groups of children , according to families . In Marroquin 's case , her children were chaperoned by a relative on the bus rides from Chimaltenango , Guatemala , but when they reached the U.S. border , the two children joined a group of other minors , some with mothers , and crossed the Rio Grande River , Marroquin said . Marroquin offered some insight into why families allow children to take such unaccompanied risks : A smuggler charges $ 8,000 to guide two children to the border , but then asks for $ 7,000 more to escort them across , for a total of $ 15,000 . Marroquin said she did n't use a smuggler , or so-called coyote , and instead relied on a family member to bring the children to the riverbank . To reduce the inflow , the U.S. government is providing millions of dollars in aid to the three Central American countries to combat violence at home : $ 40 million for Guatemala , $ 25 million for El Salvador , and $ 18.5 million for Honduras , the White House said . In the meantime , U.S. agencies are taking a disaster-like approach to what the White House calls the "  urgent situation " of unaccompanied minors crossing into the United States . On Friday , Vice President Joe Biden met with Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina to discuss the massive migration of children from there . Biden also spoke by phone with Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez on his way to Guatemala to discuss a regional strategy to reduce the migration . At the same time , Homeland Security Secretary Johnson was scheduled to travel Friday to Texas to review the U.S. response to the crisis . A Salvadoran mother 's wait On average , apprehended child migrants under age 18 spend 35 days in U.S. custody and holding facilities , said Kenneth J. Wolfe , a deputy director of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , which provides the care and placement for such children . But some parents , such as one El Salvador immigrant mother in Los Angeles , had to wait so long that they began to wonder if they would ever see their child again . The mother asked to be identified only by her first name , Ana , because she fears for the safety of her two children . Her 12-year-old son , Henry , and 9-year-old daughter , Estefania , left El Salvador with their grandmother in December , and the three arrived in Mexico on December 24 , Ana said . In early January , the grandmother hired a smuggler in Mexico to take the two children to the Rio Grande River and point them to Texas , Ana said . The grandmother last saw her two grandchildren in the company of other children , some with mothers , near the river , Ana said . It 's unclear how far the smuggler may or may not have accompanied the children across the Rio Grande , Ana said . Two weeks later , Ana received a phone call from a U.S. immigration official . The good news was the official had Ana 's children in custody . The bad news was her son was crying , and the federal worker asked the mother to speak to her son . "  All I told my son is to calm down , that everything will be okay , " Ana said . Then , "  the call got cut off , and they did n't call me back , " she said . Said son Henry in a recent interview : "  When I talked to my mom , I told her where I was , and she said not to worry and the phone got cut off . " A month later , HHS social workers called Ana : at last , they arranged for Ana to pick up her kids at Los Angeles International Airport . The rendezvous occurred in February . "  This was the longest wait for my life . I did n't know nothing -- how they were , if they ate or not , " the mother said . "  When I saw them , I felt happy . They ran and hugged me and my daughter cried and I did , too , and that was it . "  Now that my kids are here . It 's worth that risk , " the mother said . Her two children seemed to agree -- though Estefania says she misses her grandmother , who raised them the past six years and is now back in El Salvador . "  Ever since I 've been here my mom has taken us to different places , she has bought us toys , and she has taken us to really cool places , " Estefania said . "  I 'm happy to be here because it 's different . " Crossroads of hope and fear : Stories from a desert bus station Daniel 's journey : How thousands of children are creating a crisis in America	Parents wait for weeks wondering if their child survived a border crossing A Guatemalan immigrant mother has been in agony for a month Immigration officials often call mothers so that they can calm down crying children But those calls are abruptly cut without any official information on whereabouts
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain on Monday called for a $ 300 million prize to whoever can develop a battery that will "  leapfrog " the abilities of current hybrid and electric cars . Sen. John McCain wants someone to develop a battery that can "  leapfrog " those available in current electric cars . Citing high oil prices , the Republican presidential candidate said he wants his offer to "  deliver a power source at 30 percent of the current costs . " " -LSB- The prize would amount to -RSB- $ 1 for every man , woman and child in the U.S. -- a small price to pay for helping to break the back of our oil dependency , " McCain said during a town hall-style meeting at California 's Fresno State University . McCain said the new automobile battery should have "  the size , capacity , cost and power to leapfrog the commercially available plug-in hybrids or electric cars . " Watch more on McCain 's $ 300 million reward " "  In the quest for alternatives to oil , our government has thrown around enough money subsidizing special interests and excusing failure , " McCain said . "  From now on , we will encourage heroic efforts in engineering , and we will reward the greatest success . " McCain also called Monday for a "  Clean Car Challenge " for U.S. automakers , hoping to spur them to develop and sell vehicles with no carbon emissions . The challenge would allow $ 5,000 tax credits to buyers of such cars , making those vehicles more appealing to consumers and thus easier to sell . "  We 're going to see technology for electric-powered cars that are going to be -LSB- made cheaper -RSB- with our incentives , " McCain said . McCain also spoke against policies that he said "  prevent consumers from benefiting " from ethanol not made from corn . He cited the U.S. subsidies for corn-based ethanol and tariffs on sugar cane-based ethanol from Brazil . "  Instead of playing favorites , our government should level the playing field for all alcohol fuels that break the monopoly of gasoline , both lowering gasoline prices and carbon emissions , " he said . McCain 's remarks came a day after his Democratic rival , Sen. Barack Obama , called for greater oversight for energy traders . Obama 's campaign said many economists believe speculation could be adding between $ 20 and $ 50 to the price of a barrel of oil ; the price per barrel closed near $ 135 on Friday . On Monday , the Illinois Democrat turned to the subject of working women , criticizing McCain for opposing a bill that would have made it easier for people to sue over pay discrimination . Watch Obama court working women " The bill , dubbed the Fair Pay Restoration Act , would have rolled back a 2007 Supreme Court ruling that a person who claims pay discrimination must file a complaint within 180 days of that discrimination taking place . Senate Republicans blocked the bill , which Obama co-sponsored , in April . Obama , in a speech to women at the Flying Star Cafe in Albuquerque , New Mexico , said McCain "  thinks the Supreme Court got it right . " "  He opposed the Fair Pay Restoration Act , " Obama said . "  He suggested that the reason women do n't have equal pay is n't discrimination on the job -- it 's because they need more education and training . That 's just wrong . " Obama said that in the United States , women earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men . Obama claimed that McCain said the Fair Pay Restoration Act would have opened "  us up to lawsuits for all kinds of problems . " "  But I ca n't think of any problem more important than making sure that women are getting a square deal on the job . It 's a matter of equality . It 's a matter of fairness , " Obama said . "  I 'll continue to stand up for equal pay as president . Sen. McCain wo n't , and that 's a real difference in this election . " Meanwhile , monthly campaign finance reports filed in June show the candidates are nearly level in the amount of money they have available to spend before their parties ' conventions . According to a report filed with the Federal Election Commission , Obama had $ 43.1 million in the bank at the start of June . However , $ 9.8 million of that amount is designated for the general election , meaning only the remaining $ 33.3 million may be spent before the conventions . McCain , according to his report filed with the FEC , began June with about $ 31.4 million available to spend before the conventions . McCain had only $ 123,000 set aside for the general election . However , since indicating he will accept public financing for the general election , he has returned nearly all of the money he has raised for it . Obama said last week he would not accept public financing . Republicans and outside analysts have said Obama found he could raise more money than public financing would allow him to spend . The Democratic convention is scheduled for August 25-28 in Denver , Colorado . The GOP convention is set for September 1-4 in Minneapolis and St. Paul , Minnesota .	NEW : Sen. John McCain : Prize "  small price to pay " to combat oil dependency NEW : Sen. Barack Obama criticizes McCain over pay discrimination bill McCain wants battery to surpass those of commercially available hybrids Candidates nearly level in cash available to spend before conventions
Police Chief Thomas Jackson -- a central figure in the protests that flared in Ferguson , Missouri , following the shooting of an unarmed black teen -- says he has no plans to step down despite mounting calls that he must go . Saying he "  intends to see this thing through , " Jackson told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " on Thursday that he has been working with community leaders and others to create a dialogue in the community . "  Yes , I think I can see this through and come out on the other side with the community , the region and even the country a whole lot better , " he said . Jackson 's statements come as the grand jury is expected any day to deliver a decision on whether to indict a white police officer in the shooting death of Michael Brown . Law enforcement is girding itself for the possibility of more violent clashes like the ones that raged for days in the St. Louis suburb following the August 9 shooting . Brown 's father calls for calm Gov. Jay Nixon took authority from the Ferguson Police Department and gave it to state authorities in the days following Brown 's shooting . Nixon said he put state troopers in charge because tension between law enforcement and demonstrators "  appeared to be at a flash point . " This week , ahead of the anticipated grand jury announcement , Nixon declared a state of emergency in Missouri and called up National Guard troops to play a backup role . Even so , Jackson said local police officers will be patrolling the streets . "  I 'm running the response here locally , " he said . That 's unlikely to sit well with a large number of critics , who say the only answer is for Jackson to go . Criticism of the police chief has come from many directions -- Brown 's family and friends , demonstrators , the U.S. Justice Department and members of the media -- over how his department handled the aftermath of Brown 's shooting . Ferguson Police and St. Louis County law enforcement were widely criticized for being too heavy-handed in dealing with protesters and in how they interacted with media . Reporters said they were targeted for arrest or physical attacks from law enforcement for simply trying to do their job . How Ferguson became a global conversation CNN reported in October that Jackson was bowing to pressure to step down . But since then , he has wavered multiple times and now wants to stay on longer , government sources familiar with the discussions told CNN on Thursday . The plan continues to be , according to the sources , for Jackson to be encouraged to step down for the good of the police department and the community . The conversations are part of a broader behind-the-scenes debate about how to tackle poor police relations within black communities in the St. Louis region . Some officials say one issue the Brown shooting has exposed is one faced by a number of small police departments -- less-experienced , lower-paid officers . Jackson told CNN that the "  pool of candidates is generally pretty small , " and that a goal of the police department has been to work to hire and retain qualified officers . The police department currently has four black police officers , he said .	Police Chief Thomas Jackson believes he can weather the crisis He has been criticized for his handling of the aftermath of the killing of Michael Brown Jackson has been under enormous pressure to step down He says he has been working with community leaders to create a dialogue
CNN  -- The flip-flop over the non-mention , and now inclusion , in the Democratic platform of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel reflects just how silly and sensitive matters can become in an election year . The Obama folks were clearly tone deaf on this one , giving the Republicans a gratuitous advantage to question  yet again  the president 's commitment to Israel . After the discord over its omission , the president himself ordered that Jerusalem be included in the platform . But he has already reaped the worst of both worlds : Having too cleverly tried to steer clear of traditional election year pressures on Jerusalem , the party is now seen to be capitulating to them . First , let 's get something straight . The Jerusalem issue defies logic and rationality when it comes to our presidential elections . Presidential candidates say all kinds of things in order to win elections , including repeated commitments to move the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . And then , once in office , they turn around and seek ways to avoid doing it . Despite all of the campaign rhetoric , no administration has changed the bottom line U.S. position on the embassy , or for that matter the status of Jerusalem , since 1967 . Its fate is to be determined in negotiations . And here 's a news flash for you . Should Mitt Romney become president and serious negotiations start between the Israelis and Palestinians , his position would conform to that of his predecessors , and might even go further to allow for Palestinian sovereignty in east Jerusalem . Democrats update platform with reference to Jerusalem Second , what 's so curious about the flap is that the Jerusalem issue is less relevant today than ever . There are no prospects for reviving serious Israeli-Palestinian negotiations . Taking positions on Jerusalem is a thought experiment now . And most smart politicians understand this . Neither the Israeli prime minister nor the president of the Palestinian Authority are prepared to pay the price for a deal , let alone reach common ground , on Jerusalem , the peace process ' most explosive issue . To add to that , the region is in turmoil . Iran 's nuclear program is likely to be the big issue in 2013 , not resumption of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks . Jerusalem is likely to remain dormant for some time . Perhaps that 's partly why this year 's GOP platform does n't spell out much in detail on Jerusalem . It says only that "  We envision two democratic states -- Israel with Jerusalem as its capital and Palestine . " That differs from the platform in 2008 , when the GOP actively called for moving the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem . That year the Democrats refrained from mentioning moving the embassy , but did assert that Jerusalem "  is and will remain the capital of Israel . " In fact , looking at past Democratic platforms , the last time the "  moving the embassy " language appeared was in 1984 . Still , it hardly mattered . Under the past three Republican presidents -- Reagan , Bush 41 and Bush 43 -- nothing was done about it . And it hardly matters on the substantive side , either . What will determine the future of Jerusalem depends almost entirely on the Israelis and the Palestinians and perhaps , if there 's ever a peace process , the Arab states that have equities there too . Not to mention the views of the Muslim and Christian world , assuming they 'd ever agree on anything regarding their respective holy sites . But rest assured , whatever is contained in any American political party 's platform wo n't be very significant . Indeed , if I were an Israeli or Palestinian , I would n't count on any American statement on this or any other issue made during a political campaign . Clearly , the Jerusalem issue continues to resonate politically in the United States , particularly during campaign season . Does the omission of any reference to Jerusalem really say anything at all about Barack Obama and his party 's commitment to Israel or a sea change on the Jerusalem issue ? It is , indeed , intriguing that the 2008 Democratic Party platform stated that Jerusalem is and will remain the capital of Israel and the 2004 and 2000 platforms contained very similar language , but this year the Democrats had , at first , dared to drop the reference . Mitt Romney was quick to blast the Democrats for the omission , claiming that the entire party "  has embraced President Obama 's shameful refusal to acknowledge that Jerusalem is Israel 's capital . " The initial omission , combined with White House press spokesman Jay Carney 's fumbling the question about Israel 's capital several months ago , might have strengthened many people 's belief that Obama is changing American policy . But since American policy , pursued under both Democratic and Republican administrations , has always been that the city 's final status will be determined in negotiations , you have to wonder what precisely those critics mean . The president has taken positions on borders and security , but not on Jerusalem , although it 's hard to believe that his view will not be close to those of Bill Clinton , who thinks that east Jerusalem should be the capital of a Palestinian state with special arrangements for certain neighborhoods and Jewish holy sites . More likely , the platform 's drafters wanted to steer clear of Jerusalem entirely and hoped nobody would notice . But of course they did . What planet were the drafters who omitted Jerusalem living on ? It 's silly season , the campaign is on , the Republicans see a wedge on Israel , and it 's Jerusalem . Need I say more ? The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller .	Aaron Miller : For some reason , the Democratic platform omitted Jerusalem , then included it The omission gave Romney an opening for questioning Obama 's commitment ot Israel , he says But Jerusalem is hardly relevant now , he says , with peace talks dead and Iran the main issue Miller : Platforms do n't matter , and politicians know Jerusalem 's fate is not in their hands
CNN  -- Hundreds of flights to and from eastern China were canceled or delayed Monday and state media warned that more disruptions should be expected in the next few weeks . Around 200 flights were canceled at Shanghai 's two airports -- Pudong and Hongqiao -- which are among the country 's busiest airline hubs . Another 120 flights were delayed for more than two hours . Flights departing from other eastern Chinese cities ' airports , including Nanjing and Hangzhou , were also affected . Officials and airlines have shed little light on the reasons for the disruptions . Local officials cited "  air traffic restrictions " while Shanghai-based China Eastern Airlines said "  the airspace was occupied , " according to the Shanghai Daily newspaper . Neither source has elaborated on their comments . "  Among situations for air traffic restrictions being imposed are when military maneuvers are taking place , " the newspaper added . CCTV , the state television channel , shared on its Weibo account -- China 's equivalent of Twitter -- a widely circulated memo , originally published on a Chinese flight crew blog , that said the civil aviation authority has requested airlines to reduce flights by 25 % in eastern China . 12 airports affected "  The following 12 airports will experience massive delays for 26 days ! Fliers , bring snacks and water ! " the CCTV post said . "  From July 20 to August 15 , operations of these airports -- including Shanghai Hongqiao , Shanghai Pudong , Nanjing , Hangzhou , Hefei , Jinan , Wuxi , Ningbo , Qingdao , Lianyungang , Zhengzhou and Wuhan -- will be affected by high-frequency exercises conducted by another party . All airlines are requested to reduce flights by 25 % and fliers are expected to face delays . " Officials at the Civil Aviation Administration of China declined to comment when approached by CNN . This is the second large-scale air traffic disruption in China in the last two weeks . More than 100 flights were canceled or delayed on July 14 in Shanghai . Two Internet users have been held by police for allegedly fabricating and circulating "  anti-corruption-related " claims , according to Hong Kong newspaper South China Morning Post . The Internet users claimed the disruption was due to the arrest of a high-ranking government official trying to flee the country . Another 37 people were reprimanded in the crackdown against Internet "  rumor mongers , " according to SCMP . China 's air traffic woes continue Lengthy flight delays are common in China . The country 's largest airports , serving the mega-cities of Shanghai and Beijing , suffer some of the worst flight delays in the world . In June 2013 , Beijing 's Capital International Airport hit the bottom of a list of the world 's most delayed airports , according to U.S.-based air travel information service FlightStats . Just 18.3 % of flights from the airport left on time during that month and around 42 % of flights suffered delays of 45 minutes or longer . Second worst on the list was Shanghai 's Hongqiao , where just 24 % of flights departed on time . Overly cautious air traffic control and airspace restrictions for civilian aircraft are two of the reasons for these delays , but flights are also affected by thick smog and once , an unidentified flying object  UFO  . Maggie Hiufu Wong and Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	Authorities shed little light on why hundreds of flights were canceled or delayed yesterday in China CCTV , state-owned media company , warned that more disruptions should be expected over next few weeks China has a reputation of lengthy airport delays , especially in Shanghai and Beijing
BIHAR , India  CNN  -- Extreme flooding has displaced millions of people on either side of the India-Nepal border after a river burst its banks , authorities said Thursday . People walk along a flooded railway track in Madhepura , India . In India 's northeastern state of Bihar , almost 3 million people have been affected by the worst flooding in decades , and more than 100,000 people have been displaced in southeastern Nepal after the breach last week . The Saptakoshi River in Nepal is the same one that flooded neighboring India 's poorest state , although the Indians call it the Kosi River . In some stretches , it is three miles  5 km  wide . Nepalese Home Secretary Umesh Mainali said that of those displaced in Nepal , "  more than 40,000 are living in government run camps . " Many victims are taking shelter in schools and colleges . Residents were forced from their homes after an aged and damaged embankment on the river burst August 18 in Nepal . Water flowed so forcefully through the breach that it actually changed the course of the river , which now flows 75 miles  120 km  east of its original bed . Bad weather and washed-out roads -- including the region 's main highway -- have hampered relief efforts , officials said . The heavy rains have also made repairing the breach difficult . Nepalese and Indian teams have been working separately to try to stem the flow of water , Mainali said . State-run Nepal Television reported Thursday that many Indian citizens are coming through the open border because of the availability of food and shelter . The Indian government said that about 50 people have been killed , revising the figure down from 87 deaths reported Wednesday . The Disaster Management Department in Bihar released a death toll of 12 , an increase of two since Wednesday . There was no immediate explanation for the variance in numbers . "  Flood is understatement , " Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said . "  It 's a disaster . " Watch how India is struggling to cope " Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Sonia Gandhi , head of the ruling Congress party , flew over the four most flooded districts of Supaul , Saharsa , Araria and Madhepura , the news agency Press Trust of India reported . Singh announced immediate aid of about $ 238 million and promised the delivery of 125,000 metric tons of grain to the region . CNN 's Sara Sidner traveled by boat Thursday with some of the soldiers and called the mayhem "  enormous . " "  We have seen panic , we 've seen sorrow , we 've seen despair . ... Hundreds of people screamed to us from rooftops as we floated by . " The soldiers were trying to pull people to safety , Sidner said , "  but there are simply too many people to rescue and too few boats to do so . People were literally screaming , waving , running with suitcases in water trying to get to us . " The Home Ministry said that nearly 153,000 people have been evacuated , and 31,000 are staying in 155 relief camps . About 228,000 homes have been damaged . There was no number provided Thursday on the number of homes destroyed . Madhepura district , where 1 million people live in 378 villages , is the worst hit , officials said . There are 900,000 residents in Supaul and 250,000 in Araria . More than 2.7 million people in 1,600 villages have been affected , thousands of them marooned on thin strips of dry land peeking out from cloudy brown waters of the swollen Kosi River . With heavy rainfall forecast for the next two days , officials worry that the situation will get much worse . Indians call it the River of Sorrow . Every summer , from June to September , the relentless monsoon rains cause the Kosi to overflow , bringing untold misery . This year , though , it swallowed entire villages in areas unaccustomed to water that deep -- with the worst flooding in 80 years in the landlocked rural state . Government agencies , nongovernmental organizations and good Samaritans have begun doing what they can : using motorboats to rescue stranded residents , for example , or dropping thousands of food packets from the sky . Watch as boats deliver supplies , provide rescue " The scale of the disaster is overwhelming . About half the state is under water , a submerged area the size of the entire U.S. state of Delaware . One man told CNN 's partner network IBN that he scrounged together 2,000 rupees  $ 45  to pay a boatman to ferry his family to safety . "  We agreed on 2,000  rupees  , and he upped it to 2,700  $ 61  just like that , " he said . "  What can I do ? I paid him . " But many others stayed put . Nine hundred million Indians survive on less than 85 rupees  $ 2  a day , a British government study found this year . Many of them live in Bihar , the poorest and considered to be the most lawless state in India . They have nowhere to go . "  It 's raining here . People are on rooftops begging to be rescued , " CNN 's Bharati Naik said while touring some of the affected area Thursday . There are "  not enough boats . Villagers are crying and extremely frustrated . " Officials worry that in coming days , stranded residents may start drinking the contaminated river water , raising fears of an epidemic . "  There is no water to drink , " one man told CNN-IBN . "  We are hungry . We 're thirsty . We have to drink something . " Roshan Kumar , a teacher from one of the flooded villages , arrived at an army base to seek help for his neighbors . About 30,000 people are stranded , he said . The army said it 's doing all it can . Meanwhile , the water level in many areas continues to rise even as hope , among many , is beginning to falter .	India and Nepal battle worst flooding for decades India says 3 million affected in northeast ; Nepal says 100,000 displaced River burst bank and now flows 75 miles east of its original course Indian prime minister tours area and announces $ 238 million aid package
CNN  -- This section of CNN Business Traveller aims to keep you up to date with the latest developments in the high flying world of the road warrior . CNN 's Richard Quest puts the Xshot through its paces with the help of a tourist in Basel . Each show we check out new gadgets and give you our opinion on their usefulness . The XShot This month CNN 's Richard Quest road tested the XShot , a telescopic stainless-steel rod that allows you to take pictures and videos while keeping yourself in the frame . A camera is screwed in position on the end of the lightweight rod which extends by three feet . The mount fits all compact machines . Once in position all you need to do is hit the camera 's self-timer or remote , hold the stick out and say "  cheese . " This means you no longer have to be the martyr behind the lens on holiday snaps and you can save yourself the embarrassment of having to ask an unsuspecting member of the public to take a picture of you . Of course , you might well feel just as self-conscious dangling a camera on the end of a meter-long metal stick but at least you 'll be able to trust the photographer . Quest tested the gadget against the beautiful alpine views from Mount Stanzahorn , near to the Swiss town of Lucern . After roping in a succession of tourists to try out the XShot , he decided it was easy to operate and compact , and worthy of a thumbs up from Smart Traveller . For more details visit xshotpix.com .	This month Smart Traveller road tested the Xshot in Basel , Switzerland The Xshot is a three-feet long telescopic stainless-steel rod A camera can be mounted on the end to allow you to take pictures of yourself CNN 's Richard Quest gave the gadget the thumbs up
PEOPLE.com  -- Pregnancy joy turned to sadness for the stars of TLC 's "  The Little Couple , " as they learned on Tuesday 's episode of the successful transfer of an embryo to their surrogate , who later miscarried their unborn child . Dr. Jennifer Arnold and husband Bill Klein , who both have skeletal dysplasia , a bone-growth disorder that causes dwarfism , have documented their road to parenthood on the show . They decided to use a surrogate to have a baby , because of the challenges a pregnancy could pose to her health . On the season finale , Arnold and Klein learned their surrogate was expecting . "  After we got pregnant , the craziness ensued with us wondering what to do with the baby 's room , making sure our surrogate was getting her daily dose of baby vitamins , " Klein tells PEOPLE . But since filming their happy visit to the doctor , the couple 's surrogate lost the pregnancy . Klein had to contact his wife , a neonatologist at Texas Children 's Hospital , while she was at work in order to tell her the heartbreaking news . "  I did n't want her to be the last person to find out , " he says . "  Ugly or happy , it needs to be told . It was a very tough day , and Jen took it harder than she originally expected . " "  I cried my eyes out , " Arnold tells PEOPLE . "  I deal with families who lose their babies and I will cry with them , but I thought I would be stronger . Nothing can completely prepare for all that when it is about you . " When the couple were able to get together at the end of the day , they mourned , crying and comforting one another and later talking to family and friends . The next day they decided they would continue trying to start a family , with both surrogacy and adoption as possible paths . Kim Kardashian 's Marriage : Mistake or Fake ? "  Bill was a rock , and he held me through everything , " Arnold says . "  By the next morning , I realized that I needed to try again . We were so close and so pregnant with the ultrasound looking good , and so it was horrible for it to end . But I could n't have said I was done . A lot of family asked , ` Do you want to go through this again ? ' And my answer is , yes . I would be miserable if I did n't try again . " A Rocky Road Because both Klein and Arnold carry a single gene for their type of skeletal dysplasia , there is a chance they could both pass the gene on to their child , which could be lethal for their baby . To avoid this , embryos are genetically tested before implantation . If no skeletal dysplasia genes are passed on , the baby would be healthy and average sized ; if one gene is passed , the baby would be a healthy little person . Also , Jen is on medication to stimulate her ovaries , which produced only half as many eggs as expected . "  We appreciated all the prayers and positive thinking , " says Arnold of sharing her difficult story with the world . "  That is comforting and is giving us strength . When we lost the pregnancy , we wondered how we were going to handle it . But by sharing our story , whether it be positive or negative , I think it can help others going through similar things . " Ultimately , becoming parents is what means the most . "  We are so in love with each other and supportive of each other that we are going to be okay , " she says . "  We really want to be parents , and that is the goal here through surrogacy and adoption . We are not done trying yet . " Kris Jenner : ` People Have to Stop Judging ' Kim for Ending Her Marriage Until that day comes , Klein cherishes life with his wife . "  I could go the next 50 or 100 years with just the two of us , because we have a great relationship , " he says . "  Few people are so lucky to have that from the moment you meet that one person , and everything we add to our relationship is exciting . " Challenges -- both past and future -- will only make their bond stronger . "  We really just feel crazy fortunate to have found each other , " Arnold says . "  We were both at a point of giving up . Being a little person , everything is a struggle , and it is wonderful when you achieve something you really wanted . You do n't let that go so easily . " See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Arnold and Klein both have skeletal dysplasia , a disorder that causes dwarfism They used a surrogate to have a baby , because pregnancy could pose problems to her health Since filming their happy visit to the doctor , the couple 's surrogate lost the pregnancy
A federal appeals court allowed four states to prohibit same-sex unions -- a decision that could force the U.S. Supreme Court to take up the issue . In a 2-1 ruling Thursday , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit reversed lower court rulings in Ohio , Michigan , Tennessee and Kentucky that struck down same-sex marriage bans . "  When the courts do not let the people resolve new social issues like this one , they perpetuate the idea that the heroes in these change events are judges and lawyers , " Judge Jeffrey Sutton wrote in the ruling . "  Better in this instance , we think , to allow change through the customary political processes , in which the people , gay and straight alike , become the heroes of their own stories by meeting each other not as adversaries in a court system but as fellow citizens seeking to resolve a new social issue in a fair-minded way , " Sutton wrote . The ruling Sutton , who was appointed by President George W. Bush , said that it 's not the responsibility of the judicial branch of government to make "  such a fundamental change to such a fundamental social institution . " "  Process and structure matter greatly in American government , " Sutton wrote . "  Our judicial commissions did not come with such a sweeping grant of authority , one that would allow just three of us -- just two of us in truth -- to make such a vital policy call for the thirty-two million citizens . " Judge Deborah L. Cook joined Sutton 's decision , while Senior Circuit Judge Martha Craig Daughtrey dissented . "  This is a very important decision from the federal court of appeals in Cincinnati , which disagreed with every other circuit court that has decided this case so far , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . " -LSB- The court said -RSB- there is not a constitutional right to same-sex marriage . " Daughtrey said that Cook and Sutton 's decision read more like a piece of political philosophy than a court decision that grappled with a constitutional question . "  Instead of recognizing the plaintiffs as persons , suffering actual harm as a result of being denied the right to marry where they reside or the right to have their valid marriages recognized there , " Daughtrey said , "  my colleagues view the plaintiffs as social activists who have somehow stumbled into federal court . " ` They ca n't duck it anymore ' In October , the Supreme Court announced it would not hear appeals to same-sex marriage cases filed by a handful of states -- effectively paving the way for same-sex unions to become legal in Indiana , Oklahoma , Utah , Virginia and Wisconsin . A handful of states later followed suit . The high court 's decision left the door open for future challenges -- such as one that could result from Thursday 's decision . Missouri judge overturns state 's ban on same-sex marriage Many observers of the high court said they believed it did not take up same-sex marriage cases because there seemed to be a consensus on the issue on the circuit court level since the Supreme Court struck down the federal law that defined marriage as between one man and one woman -- the Defense of Marriage Act . " -LSB- The ruling -RSB- sets up an almost-certain fight before the Supreme Court , " Toobin said . "  They ca n't duck it anymore . " The American Civil Liberties Union said it will appeal the appeals court 's decision to the high court . "  We believe it 's wholly unconstitutional to deny same sex couples and their families access to the rights and respect that all other families receive , " Chase Strangio , staff attorney in the ACLU LGBT Project , said in a statement . "  We will be filing for Supreme Court review right away and hope that through this deeply disappointing ruling we will be able to bring a uniform rule of equality to the entire country . " This ruling is the first by a federal appeals court to uphold a state 's same-sex marriage ban since DOMA . The Alliance Defending Freedom , a conservative organization , praised the decision . "  The people of every state should remain free to affirm marriage as the union of a man and a woman in their laws , " ADF senior counsel Byron Babione said in a statement . Holder expands federal recognition of same-sex marriage to 5 states	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit reverses rulings striking down 4 bans The ruling could force the Supreme Court to take up the heated issue Reaction pours in
CNN  -- In addition to a disastrous drought and political violence , Somalia is facing a potentially devastating health crisis . The World Health Organization 's regional office for the Eastern Mediterranean said that at one hospital alone , more than 6,000 cases of cholera and diarrhea have been reported since January of this year . Banadir Hospital in Mogadishu is one of Somalia 's largest , but its website warns that it has been "  flooded " with recent cases of acute watery diarrhea , or AWD , a condition associated with cholera and unclean drinking water leading to malnutrition and fatal dehydration . CNN video taken Thursday at a Banadir Hospital 's pediatric diarrhea center shows heart-wrenching images of emaciated babies and their worried parents . Many of the infants were receiving fluids through intravenous drips . A flyer distributed by the center emphasizes the importance of hydration , and encourages mothers to breastfeed as much as possible . But even with intensive hydration and medical care , many will not survive . In just the past week , four children under the age of 5 have died at Banadir Hospital , health agencies say . More than 190 other children were hospitalized there in the same period , along with nearly 100 adults . But it is children who bear the brunt of this condition : This year , 45 % of AWD-related deaths have been among children under 2 years old , according to World Health Organization statistics . The organization has been building up its supplies and working on preventive activities in reaction to the ongoing conflict near Mogadishu , Somalia 's capital . Its most recent statement warns that "  the increased influx of internal displaced people and the precarious living conditions are high risk for outbreaks , and the number of AWD cases is expected to rise significantly between now and October . "	One Somalia hospital has treated more than 6,000 cases of cholera and diarrhea this year CNN video footage shows emaciated babies receiving fluids intravenously The World Health Organization is building up supplies and working on prevention
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is seriously contemplating withdrawing all U.S. troops from Afghanistan sometime in 2014 , a senior administration official told CNN 's Jessica Yellin . The Obama administration had been considering leaving a force of at least several thousand soldiers to act as trainers and to hunt leaders of the Taliban and other militant groups after the long-scheduled withdrawal of all combat troops in December 2014 . But Obama has grown increasingly frustrated in his dealings with Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who last month cut off negotiations about the size of the post-2014 American military force . Karzai objected to the United States beginning formal direct discussions with the Taliban about peace ; he regarded this move as happening behind his back and a betrayal . Let 's stipulate that Karzai can be a frustrating leader to deal with and that he can even be quite mercurial on occasions . That said , the Obama administration should n't be making important strategic decisions merely on the basis of whether or not its leaders like dealing with another country 's leader . Further , Karzai will be gone in April 2014 , when the next Afghan presidential election will take place ; in only nine months , the Obama administration wo n't have to deal with him at all . In any case , zeroing out U.S. troop levels in the post-2014 Afghanistan is a bad idea on its face -- and even raising this concept publicly is maladroit strategic messaging to Afghanistan and the region writ large . Why so ? Afghans well remember something that most Americans have forgotten . After the Soviet Union withdrew from Afghanistan , something that was accomplished at the cost of more than a million Afghan lives and billions of dollars of U.S. aid , the United States closed its embassy in Afghanistan in 1989 during the George H.W. Bush administration and then zeroed out aid to one of the poorest countries in the world under the Clinton administration . It essentially turned its back on Afghans once they had served their purpose of dealing a deathblow to the Soviets . As a result , the United States had virtually no understanding of the subsequent vacuum in Afghanistan into which eventually stepped the Taliban , who rose to power in the mid-1990s . The Taliban granted shelter to Osama bin Laden and his al Qaeda organization from 1996 onward . After the overthrow of the Taliban , a form of this mistake was made again by the George W. Bush administration , which had an ideological disdain for nation building and was distracted by the Iraq War , so that in the first years after the fall of the Taliban , only a few thousand U.S. soldiers were stationed in Afghanistan . The relatively small number of American boots on the ground in Afghanistan helped to create a vacuum of security in the country , which the Taliban would deftly exploit , so that by 2007 , they once again posed a significant military threat in Afghanistan . In 2009 , Obama ordered a surge of 30,000 troops into Afghanistan to blunt the Taliban 's gathering momentum , which it has certainly accomplished . Read more : Inside the Taliban But when Obama announced the new troops of the Afghan surge , most media accounts of the speech seized on the fact that the president also said that some of those troops would be coming home in July 2011 . This had the unintended effect of signaling to the Taliban that the U.S. was pulling out of Afghanistan reasonably soon and fit into the longstanding narrative that many Afghans have that the United States will abandon them again . Similarly , the current public discussion of zero U.S. troop presence in Afghanistan after 2014 will encourage those hardliner elements of the Taliban who have no interest in a negotiated settlement and believe they can simply wait the Americans out . It also discourages the many millions of Afghans who see a longtime U.S. presence as the best guarantor that the Taliban wo n't come back in any meaningful way and also an important element in dissuading powerful neighbors such as Pakistan from interference in Afghanistan 's internal affairs . Read related : Afghanistan vet finds a new way to serve Instead of publicly discussing the zero option on troops in Afghanistan after 2014 , a much smarter American messaging strategy for the country and the region would be to emphasize that the Strategic Partnership Agreement that the United States has already negotiated with Afghanistan last year guarantees that the United States will have some form of partnership with the Afghans until 2024 . In this messaging strategy , the point should be made that the exact size of the American troop presence after 2014 is less important than the fact that U.S. soldiers will stay in the country for many years , with Afghan consent , as a guarantor of Afghanistan 's stability . The United States continues to station thousands of troops in South Korea more than five decades after the end of the Korean War . Under this American security umbrella , South Korea has gone from being one of the poorest countries in the world to one of the richest . It is this kind of model that most Afghans want and the United States needs to provide so Afghanistan does n't revert to the kind of chaos that beset it in the mid-1990s and from which the Taliban first emerged . Read more : What 's at stake for Afghan women ?	White House mulling withdrawing all U.S. troops from Afghanistan , official said Peter Bergen said the idea would be dangerous and send the wrong message He says U.S. abandoned Afghanistan before and the Taliban stepped into vacuum Bergen : U.S. should follow model it set in South Korea at end of Korean War
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Michelle Obama , wife of Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Barack Obama , Friday called questions early in the campaign about whether her biracial husband was "  black enough " to appeal to African-American voters "  silly . " Michelle Obama says she is not hurt by those who question whether her husband is "  black enough . " "  It 's silliness and it 's about part of the silliness of our culture , " she said . A Harvard-educated attorney and vice president at the University of Chicago , Michelle Obama , 44 , said the question -- raised most famously in a New York Times article -- was n't hurtful to her . "  That has nothing to do with me or Barack -- that has to do with the challenges we are facing in this country and we should n't be surprised by them because we still have n't worked through this stuff , " she said . "  I do n't think there is a person of color in this country that does n't struggle with what it means to be a part of your race versus what the majority thinks is right . " The question about Obama , who was born in Hawaii to a Kenyan father and a mother from Kansas , was raised early in the presidential race , when rival Sen. Hillary Clinton was polling well among black voters and landing endorsements from high-profile black political leaders . Watch Michelle Obama talk about her reluctance to see her husband run " Since then , Obama 's support has vastly increased with black voters . He took 78 percent of the black vote in a South Carolina primary he won handily and 73 percent of the African-American vote in Florida , although delegates from that contest , which Clinton won , wo n't count because of a scheduling squabble between state and national Democratic officials . Obama , a senator from Illinois , and Clinton , a New York senator and former first lady , are the two remaining challengers for the Democratic nomination and remain locked in a tight race . Obama won the season-opening Iowa caucuses and the South Carolina primary , while Clinton won New Hampshire , Nevada and no-delegate contests in Florida and Michigan , which also got in trouble for pushing ahead in the primary schedule . While she said she initially tried to talk her husband out of running for president , Michelle Obama said she does n't share the concerns voiced by Alma Powell , wife of former Secretary of State Colin Powell , who is black , that her husband 's safety might be threatened over a quest for the White House . Powell had been mentioned as a possible candidate , but did not run . "  There are inherent risks for all people , but particularly for people of color , so , you know , I ca n't live my life worrying about what might go wrong , " she said . "  What we are going through , Barack and our family , is nothing compared to our leaders who pushed through on the civil rights movement . "  When I think of Martin Luther King and Coretta Scott King and true fears that they had and true sacrifices that they made , I think I do n't have any right to hesitate for doing something that I think is important out of fear . " E-mail to a friend	Barack Obama is biracial ; father from Kenya , mother from Kansas Michelle Obama says questions have "  nothing to do with me or Barack " Obama says she is not fearful for her husband 's safety while campaigning
