Washington  CNN  -- In mid-October , political pundits wondered how House Republicans could have put their sizable majority in jeopardy by forcing a government shutdown . Polls showed Republicans getting most of the blame for the shutdown and Democrats taking a lead in generic match ups against GOP congressional candidates . But those gains were quickly wiped away by the disastrous roll out of President Barack Obama 's signature health care law . Within weeks , Democrats were panicking that their support of Obamacare could cost them their Senate majority and risk losing more House seats . House Democratic campaign chief Rep. Steve Israel of New York shrugged off GOP declarations that the new health care law 's failures spelled doom for Democrats in the midterms , telling CNN in an interview , "  if Republicans are going to run on rooting for failure , then so be it . " Instead Israel insists House Republicans owned the shutdown and "  2014 will not be referendum on the President , it 's a referendum on whether you want to elect a Republican who will continue to do damage , it 's about a do-nothing or do-damage Congress . " Poll suggests Obamacare could have cost Obama second term GOP confident Obamacare will continue to hurt Democrats in midterms Republican Rep. Patrick McHenry , who heads the effort to recruit GOP candidates to unseat Democrats and expand the House GOP majority , told CNN any blowback from the "  brief moment " of shutdown in October will "  melt away " but health care problems will persist . "  The shutdown ended . Obamacare will still be painful six months from now and a year from now , " he said . House Democrats need to pick up 17 GOP Congressional seats to win back the majority in the House of Representatives . But they also need to protect a list of roughly two dozen incumbent Democrats who represent red-leaning and purple districts . GOP members say while Obama is n't on the ballot , he remains a major factor in the midterms . The president 's record low poll numbers and questions about his credibility after failing to follow through on a key promise about his health care plan are causing a drag on Democratic incumbents and challengers . Some already compare this midterm and Obamacare to the one that cost the Republicans their House majority in 2006 , when then-President George W. Bush faced questions about his handling of Hurricane Katrina and the unpopular Iraq war pulled down his approval ratings . "  President Obama is very close to the low point of where President Bush was , " Rep. Greg Walden , chair of National Republican Congressional Committee , told reporters last week . "  Those of us who were here in those days remember how it felt going into the '06 election and it was n't good . " Poll : Voters split over Democrats , Republicans in 2014 The House GOP midterm playbook is a straightforward one -- highlight the problems with Obamacare and its economic impact . Walden says for now Congressional Republicans do n't need to supply an alternative health care plan of their own because the Democratic-led Senate and the White House would never consider a GOP proposal . While a group of 39 House Democrats sought to put distance between themselves and the President last week by backing a House GOP bill that allows insurers to offer current health care policies for another year , House Democratic leaders continue to stress Obamacare will turn out to be a net positive for the party by next fall . "  Democrats stand tall in support of the Affordable Care Act . " House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said in an interview with NBC on Sunday . Pelosi defends Obamacare claims , ca n't predict effect on Dems in midterms The Democratic National Committee distributed a memo this week using examples of GOP candidates like Mitt Romney and Virginia gubernatorial candidate Ken Cuccinelli who ran against Obamacare and lost . The memo concluded , "  while Republicans are campaigning to bring back a broken health care system , Democrats will be campaigning on Obamacare . " For those new Democratic candidates who were n't in Washington when Obamacare was passed , Israel says he advises new candidates to run as "  problem-solvers , running on solutions . " And he points to internal polling across competitive districts that shows that voters prefer a candidate who wants to "  fix and improve " Obamacare rather than one who vows to "  repeal and defund " the law 55 % -40 % . But a new ABC/Washington Post poll out on Tuesday found that four in 10 Americans were more likely to oppose a candidate who backed the law , and only about one-fifth saying they are likely to vote for a politician who supports the law . McHenry points to House Republican challengers who have personal experiences with the new health care law , saying they will work tirelessly to link Democrats to it . Stewart Mills , who oversees 6,000 employees in his family 's business in northeastern Minnesota , is a top GOP recruit running against Democratic Rep Rick Nolan . He talks about his company 's health care costs and highlights his opposition to Obamacare as a key reason for entering the race . Republicans believe several candidates who narrowly lost to Democrats in 2012 in competitive districts in Arizona , North Carolina , and Utah will prevail in rematches in 2014 because this time House Democrats wo n't have the help of a presidential ticket boosting turnout . House Democrats say GOP record of dysfunction will cost them seats The focus now is squarely on Obamacare , but Democrats believe the political debate will move into better territory for them as attention returns to fiscal fights on Capitol Hill . The short-term deal to reopen the government created a mid-December target for Congress to agree to a budget , and a January deadline for funding the government . The Treasury 's borrowing authority runs out in mid-February . House Dems cool down after Obamacare meeting The number two House Democrat complained on Tuesday that House Budget Conference Chairman Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , and other congressional Republicans were n't serious about budget negotiations , and warned the government could again be facing a shutdown . "  Paul Ryan ought to lead , not follow his caucus down a road , which would lead to shutdown . That would be irresponsible and harmful and I hope he does n't do that , " Rep Steny Hoyer told reporters on Tuesday . The Democratic Congressional campaign committee believes the shutdown was a recruiting bonanza for them , and helped contribute to some recent GOP retirements . Israel points to eight GOP seats that were put in play directly because of the extended standoff . Omaha City Councilman Pete Festersen jumped in the race against Nebraska GOP Rep. Lee Terry after Terry said he needed his government paycheck to afford his home . On his campaign website , Festersen positions himself as an outsider : "  I am running for Congress to help change a dysfunctional Washington . The time has come for moderate minds and respectful leaders to work together . " Democrats also say Republicans ' lack of diversity and inability to reach out beyond their base -- a major factor in their national loss in 2012 -- will also hurt their chances to make inroads in Democratic districts in 2014 . "  The movement is underway and it takes time , " McHenry admitted . But he pointed to GOP candidate Carl DeMaio in San Diego , who is challenging Democratic Rep. Scott Peters . DeMaio is openly gay and backed by the House GOP campaign arm . Seven keys to the 2014 midterms	Democratic gains brought on by shutdown wiped away by Obamacare fiasco Republicans believe shutdown fallout will fade , but Obamacare problems will persist Democrats believe sentiment will swing back to them in fiscal fights ahead with GOP
CNN  -- Anthony Shadid , who won two Pulitzer Prizes for his reporting from Iraq , died Thursday while reporting in eastern Syria , apparently of an asthma attack , The New York Times said . He was 43 . Tyler Hicks , a Times photographer who was with Shadid , carried his body over the border to Turkey . Hicks said Shadid , who was carrying medication for his asthma , displayed symptoms Thursday morning , when they joined guides on horseback for the trip out of the country . The animals may have triggered the asthma , Hicks said . He had suffered an asthma attack the week before , when they entered the country and met with guides on horseback , Hicks told The Times . The Syrian government , which limits international journalists ' access to the country , had not been told by The Times that Shadid was there , the newspaper said . He had been inside Syria for a week collecting information for a story on the Syrian resistance , it added . Shadid , who was fluent in Arabic , had covered the Middle East for nearly 20 years as a reporter for The Washington Post , The New York Times and The Associated Press . "  I was afraid of bullets and bombs before and to find out that he died of an asthma attack was a shock , " Shadid 's father , Buddy , told CNN . "  The world lost an amazing journalist and I lost a beloved son . " "  Anthony Shadid was one of the finest and most courageous journalists of our time , " said Mark Whitaker , executive vice president and managing editor of CNN Worldwide , who worked at the Washington Post with Shadid before the late journalist went to The New York Times . "  All of us at CNN mourn his loss and grieve for his colleagues and loved ones . " Shadid had been working on a book about his family 's ancestral home in Lebanon . He traveled there after years of covering conflict to rebuild his grandmother 's home , according to his website . "  He found a story of hope , healing , but perhaps most powerfully , loss , in a Middle East whose future rests in understanding its past , " it said . The book , "  House of Stone , " is to be published next month by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt . He wrote two other books , "  Legacy of the Prophet : Despots , Democrats and the New Politics of Islam " and "  Night Draws Near : Iraq 's People in the Shadow of America 's War . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she was a follower of Shadid 's work . "  I also want to extend on behalf of myself and our government our sympathies to the family of Anthony Shadid and to The New York Times for his untimely death , " she said . "  He was somebody I always turned to and read very carefully ... he had his pulse on what was happening . " In an interview last December on NPR 's "  Fresh Air , " Shadid recalled entering without a visa the Syria ruled by President Bashar al-Assad . Anthony Shadid : A reporter 's storyteller "  I 've done things that maybe I would n't have done in hindsight , and this maybe would have been one of them , " he said . "  It was scarier than I thought it would be . I had had a bad experience in Libya earlier in the year , -LSB- but -RSB- I did feel that Syria was so important , and that story would n't be told otherwise , that it was worth taking risks for . But the repercussions of getting caught were pretty dire . " After several days in Hama , he crossed safely back across the border . "  I do n't think I 'd ever seen something like what I saw in Syria , " he said . "  You 're dealing with a government that 's shown very little restraint in killing its own people to put down an uprising . ... And I got to spend a lot of time with -LSB- the activists -RSB- because I spent a lot of time in safe houses . And it reminded me of an old story in Islamic history , when the Muslim armies are crossing to Gibraltar . And the general who was leading them burned the ships after they crossed into Spain . And the idea was there was no turning back . And that story , I felt , resonated -LSB- with -RSB- almost every conversation I had . " He did not always emerge unhurt from his reporting . In 2002 , while working for The Boston Globe , he was shot in the shoulder in the West Bank city of Ramallah . Last year , Shadid and Hicks and two other Times journalists , Stephen Farrell and Lynsey Addario , were arrested by pro-government militias in Libya and held for almost a week , during which all were physically abused . Their driver , Mohammad Shaglouf , died . In its 2004 citation , the Pulitzer Board praised "  his extraordinary ability to capture , at personal peril , the voices and emotions of Iraqis as their country was invaded , their leader toppled and their way of life upended . " In 2010 , the board praised "  his rich , beautifully written series on Iraq as the United States departs and its people and leaders struggle to deal with the legacy of war and to shape the nation 's future . " His last story for The Times , on Libya , ran on February 9 . At 1,600 words , it was long , which was typical for him , the newspaper said . "  It was splashed on the front page of the newspaper and the home page of the Web site , nytimes.com , which was also typical , " it said . Overheard on CNN.com : Remembering Shadid "  Anthony died as he lived â $ " determined to bear witness to the transformation sweeping the Middle East and to testify to the suffering of people caught between government oppression and opposition forces , " wrote Jill Abramson , executive editor of the Times , in an email to the newspaper 's staff . Survivors include his wife and two children , his parents , a brother and a sister . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Anthony Shadid had reported from the Middle East for nearly two decades He appears to have died of an asthma attack , the newspaper says He was the winner of two Pulitzer Prizes
Dandong , China  CNN  -- The sun is rising over the Yalu River and North Korea . Revolutionary music pumped through loudspeakers wafts over to China . Back across the river , work groups can be seen stirring for a day 's toil in the fields . Over here in China , a tourist tout is trying to sell us North Korean currency . "  Good price ! " he shouts . This is daily life in Dandong , China -- a thriving border town within throwing distance of the Hermit Kingdom . Tourists often do just that when they go right up to the fence that separates the two countries and leave cigarettes , old watches and other goodies for the North Korean border guards . Signs all along the border warn against throwing goods over the fence , as if it 's some kind of zoo . And , in a way , that 's what it has become . Chinese tourists now flock to Dandong -- which lies along China 's western border with the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea -- to ogle at their unfortunate neighbors . Some pay a few RMB to borrow binoculars to peer across the river , while the more adventurous take speedboats and pleasure cruises out on the river , which acts a natural barrier between the two neighbors . "  Go inside North Korea ! " a sign for one local boat company proclaims . Perhaps the Chinese come to marvel at how far they have come . With decades of breakneck growth , Communist China has become a testament to capitalism and urban living . North Korea , which also describes itself as a socialist state , is still sealed and secretive -- almost . Lifeline Dandong is the lifeline , say critics , of the autocratic regime led by Kim Jong Un . Whole neighborhoods in the back streets of the city are lined with trading shops quietly run by North Korean officials . China is North Korea 's largest trading partner by a long way , and despite Beijing 's official displeasure with the DPRK 's pursuit of nuclear weapons , this trade continues to grow . China has rebuffed any attempts to strengthen economic sanctions further against Pyongyang . Up to 70 % of all China trade with North Korea runs through Dandong , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency , and it takes the form of both legal trade and illegal smuggling . We meet "  Chen , " a smuggler who makes a midnight run across the Yalu several times a month to trade with North Korean soldiers . "  In China we do n't lack food , we do n't lack things , " he says . "  People can eat and have clothes on their backs , but not over there , even the North Korean soldiers have nothing . " Despite North Korean propaganda that paints a picture of their military as an elite fighting force , Chen says the soldiers are desperate for basic food such as bread and rice . They do n't have money so they barter with scrap metals , old pots and even ginseng . But Chen says he can never trade with ordinary North Koreans , the soldiers would n't allow it . North Korean spies We ca n't use Chen 's real name , he claims that Dandong is crawling with North Korean spies . "  Do n't say anything sensitive around the North Korean waitresses , " he whispers to us . "  They speak Korean and English . " And you can find them all across Dandong in North Korean themed restaurants , karaoke bars , and musical review shows . We head to one of the more famous ones along the river . If refugees are caught trying to escape from North Korea , they are shot , but in restaurants like this gaudy two-story tourist trap , North Koreans are allowed to work in China on special three-year permits . They are often the children of mid-level Korean Workers ' Party loyalists and their movements and earnings are tightly controlled . And as the four-piece all-female North Korean band plays to the Chinese tourists drinking North Korean beer , I think how perfectly it sums up this city : extremely bizarre and perhaps a little tragic .	Dandong is a thriving Chinese border town within throwing distance of North Korea Much trade -- legal and illegal -- is done between the two countries One smuggler talks to CNN about the business he does with N. Korean soldiers But he claims Dandong is crawling with North Korean spies
CNN  -- Former Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has launched a staunch defense of John Terry declaring : "  He is not a racist . " Chelsea captain Terry was handed a four-match ban and a $ 356,000 fine by the English Football Association on Thursday after being found guilty of racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . Terry , who captained Mourinho 's Chelsea to consecutive Premier League titles in 2005 and 2006 , remains close friends with the Portuguese manager , who is now Real Madrid 's coach , following their successful time at Stamford Bridge . Terry retires from England amid racism case "  He is not a racist , " Mourinho told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  That 's 100 % . Chelsea had a squad where we had 12 African players in the squad . It was a fantastic squad and he had always a great relation with every one of them . " While defending Terry , Mourinho insisted the FA had been right to punish Terry . "  But in football it can happen , and I know it can happen , that during a football match -- because sometimes it 's more than a game -- sometimes you have reactions that do n't represent what you are really . "  Probably , he had a racist comment or a "  racist " attitude against an opponent and , sometimes in football , we look to our opponents in the wrong way . But to pay , he has to be punished . Racism remains "  significant " problem in English football "  But please , do n't say that he is a racist , because I know what I am saying . Didier Drogba will say , Geremi will say , Claude Makelele will say , all of them will say that he is not a racist . " The incident involving Terry is the second high-profile case of racist abuse on the football field following the incident between Liverpool 's Luis Suarez and Manchester United 's Patrice Evra last year . The Liverpool striker was banned for eight matches and fined $ 65,000 after being found guilty of misconduct , regarding "  using insulting words towards " Evra during the game at Anfield on October 15 2011 . And asked whether he though there is still racism in football , Mourinho replied : "  I never felt it . Never . In a dressing room , I have never felt it and I 've always had African players in every one of my teams . " Terry 's punishment comes just days after he announced his retirement from international football , claiming that the FA had made his position within the national team ` untenable ' . In July the 31-year-old defender had been found not guilty of a racially aggravated public order offence at Westminster Magistrates ' Court . However the FA requires a lower burden of proof than an English court and it took the decision to bring Terry before its disciplinary system . Terry found guilty in racism case	Real Madrid boss backs Terry following FA punishment Terry captained Mourinho 's Chelsea side to the Premier League title on two occasions Real Madrid insists Terry ` is not a racist ' Mourinho says he has never felt racism in the dressing room
CNN  -- After several stints in prison and rehab for heroin addiction , Benny Se Teo was a reformed character , but society did n't want to know . After finding it nearly impossible to get a job he decided to forge his own future . Now , over 20 years since he kicked his drug-habit , the Singaporean is the successful owner of a chain of restaurants called Eighteen Chefs . While the restaurants focus on providing quality food , from the beginning Teo was determined that his business venture would also concentrate on helping those marginalized by society . "  I realized that in society there is this gap . Where once you have a criminal record you are unable to live a normal life , you are unable to integrate back to society , " he says . "  We are able to provide training and give them their self-respect which they lost many , many years ago . " Before setting up Eighteen Chefs , Teo trained at Fifteen , Jamie Oliver 's London restaurant . He then went on to run a 200-seater Chinese restaurant , with 80 % of the staff having a criminal record . However , Teo found that the high number of ex-offenders was too difficult to manage . His first Eighteen Chefs establishment started off with a smaller proportion , 35 % in 2012 , and now 50 % of his employees are troubled young people and people with criminal records . There have been a number of success stories among staff , one of Teo 's employees began as a server and is now a regional manager at an international restaurant earning more than $ 6,000 a month . Teo does not even mind if his employees steal recipes and ideas from him to start up their own small businesses , he 's just happy they are n't going back to their old ways . While his new life is free of his old habits and addictions , his restaurants retain an allusion to his former ways : the number 18 refers to a well-known Singaporean street gang . But rather than advocate his breaking bad past , he would rather young people tempted by a thug life would pick up a pan and chopping knife rather than a switchblade .	When Benny Se Teo was released from prison it was impossible to find a job So he decided to start his own chain of restaurants , Eighteen chefs Now he gives ex-offenders the chance he never had by employing them
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban 's release of a new video purportedly showing a captured American soldier in Afghanistan "  is a horrible act , " a U.S. military official said Friday . Pfc. Bowe Robert Bergdahl , 23 , disappeared from his combat outpost in southeastern Paktika province sometime after he finished his guard duty shift on the night of June 29 . The military believes the man in the video is Bergdahl . "  To release this video on Christmas Day is an affront to the deeply concerned family and friends of Bowe Bergdahl , demonstrating contempt for religious traditions and the teachings of Islam , " said U.S. Navy Rear Adm. Gregory Smith , spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Family members viewed the video shortly after being notified about its existence Friday morning , said Lt. Col. Tim Marsano , public affairs officer for the Idaho National Guard , who has been serving as a liaison between Bergdahl 's family and the media . "  The Bergdahl family pleads with the captors to let our only son come home , " Bergdahl 's relatives said in a statement released through the Idaho National Guard . "  To Bowe : we love you and we believe in you . Stay strong . " Wearing U.S. Army combat fatigues stripped of the name tag and rank , the man in the video identifies himself as Bergdahl and emphasizes that he has been treated humanely . He says America has lost any hope of winning the Afghan war and that U.S. political leaders such as George W. Bush and Barack Obama can not be trusted . He also asserts that the U.S. military 's opponents in Afghanistan are "  very smart " and have "  perfected " warfare . In the past , freed hostages have indicated their statements during captivity were forced and made against their will . Smith said the soldier in the video "  was clearly compelled to read a prepared statement . " Watch part of the video "  It reflects nothing more than the violent , deceitful tactics of the Taliban insurgency . We will continue our search for Bowe Bergdahl as well as our efforts to ensure the security of the Afghan people and our coalition partners , " he said . A senior U.S. official , who could not speak on the record because of the sensitivity of the circumstances , said the sections of the video with interviews of Bergdahl appear to have been filmed some months ago . The official said the document is not considered a "  proof of life " video . The timing and authenticity of other sections of the video and the locations where it was made have not been determined , the official said . Bergdahl , an airborne infantryman , also appeared in a 28-minute Web video released by the Taliban in July , in which he was calm but became emotional when speaking about his girlfriend and family and going home .	Family views video , pleads for soldier 's safe return Pfc. Bowe Robert Bergdahl went missing in Afghanistan in June Parts of video appear months old , U.S. official says NATO officer decries Christmas release of video
CNN  -- George Zimmerman 's defense team formally requested Monday that the Florida judge assigned to their client 's case be removed after she revealed her husband works with a CNN legal analyst . Mark O'Mara 's office filed paperwork Monday asking that Seminole Circuit Judge Jessica Recksiedler not preside over second-degree murder proceedings involving Zimmerman , according to Seminole County Court spokeswoman Michelle Kennedy . The motion to "  disqualify " the trial judge "  will be ruled on in the appropriate manner , " Kennedy said Monday . Zimmerman , a 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer , fatally shot teenager Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida , on February 26 , a killing he has said was in self-defense . Since then , the case has stirred civil rights activists nationwide and drawn intense publicity . Bill Cosby : Guns , not race , key issue in Martin case Recksiedler is assigned to the Zimmerman case . But on Friday , she said she would entertain motions to disqualify her from the trial after discovering that her husband is a law partner of Mark NeJame , an attorney whom Zimmerman approached about representing him and has since widely commented on the case in the media . NeJame is now a CNN contributor , providing analysis on this case . NeJame told CNN that Zimmerman "  contacted my office , attempting to reach me , and wanted to hire me to represent him " on March 13 . One of his law partners relayed that request to NeJame , who declined . He explained later that he knew how taking on "  big national cases  can  take a lot out of you " and wanted to have more time to spend with his children . "  I decided simply not to , " the Orlando lawyer said . A friend of Zimmerman 's later repeated the request in a direct conversation with NeJame early last week , just as lawyers Hal Uhrig and Craig Sonner said they 'd no longer represent Zimmerman . By then , NeJame noted he 'd been hired by CNN to serve as an analyst . NeJame again said he could not represent Zimmerman and offered the names of five lawyers -- topped by O'Mara -- who might be considered instead . "  They said Mark is the one we want , I put them together , and they took it from there , " said NeJame . O'Mara had indicated on Friday that the defense might request a new judge , when he said the association between NeJame and the Recksiedlers might become "  more and more problematic " given the scrutiny the case is receiving . He told CNN on Monday night that he was confident the request to pull Recksiedler off the case would succeed . "  If it is reasonably well-founded and sworn to , it 'll be granted , " O'Mara said . Insisting that there had been "  full transparency , " NeJame said Monday that he understood why Zimmerman 's defense team asked for the judge 's removal -- because of his involvement in the case and his professional relationship with her husband -- and was content that the matter is now in the legal system 's control . "  Everybody just needs to do the right thing , file it and let the process  be resolved  properly , " NeJame said . Meanwhile , news media organizations , including CNN , petitioned Recksiedler on Monday to reverse an order sealing court records in Zimmerman 's prosecution . Prosecutors did not object when Zimmerman 's attorneys asked Recksiedler to seal records last week . The judge ordered the court filings and other records sealed "  without giving the public and press an opportunity to oppose closure , " the media said in its motion . Florida law requires a judge to consider whether the records closure is needed to "  prevent a serious and imminent threat " to justice , the media members argued . The court must also find that there is no alternative to sealing the records that would provide a fair trial and that the action would not be "  broader than necessary to accomplish this purpose , " they said . Zimmerman 's attorneys did not address those issues or present any evidence , the motion said . Older brother : Trayvon was a happy teen "  In case after case in Florida , courts -- including the United States Supreme Court -- have held that prominence and publicity are not synonymous with prejudice and impartiality , and have cautioned against assuming that all potential jurors follow the news and retain what they read and watch , " the media filing says . Jurors who ca n't set aside their biases created by exposure to pretrial publicity can be screened out during jury selection , the media motion argued . Besides CNN , several broadcasting and newspaper companies -- including the publishers of USA Today , The Miami Herald and The New York Times -- are part of the effort to unseal the documents . O'Mara said Monday that he favors keeping documents sealed in this case in large part because of concerns that witnesses might be contacted and in danger if certain information is released . "  Our  overall philosophy  is  to keep the information flow concentrated within the court system , " he told CNN . "  It 's much better handled there . " As to his client , O'Mara said he speaks "  at least a couple times a day " with Zimmerman , whom he described as doing well physically but "  frightened . " Zimmerman is scheduled to return to court Friday for a bail hearing . O'Mara says that he hopes his client will be eligible for bond after that hearing and eventually be allowed to go free until the trial . If he does get out , though , the lawyer said there are legitimate fears about Zimmerman 's safety . "  There have been a lot of emotions that have come forward in this case , and some of those emotions have shown themselves in bad ways , " O'Mara said .	NEW : Mark O'Mara describes his client , George Zimmerman , as "  frightened " NEW : The lawyer says he 's confident the judge will be removed from the case NEW : The CNN analyst tied to the motion says "  the process " will resolve the issue Media outlets are asking that documents in the case be unsealed
CNN  They are very convincing when they call . They have a Washington phone number and can cite your financial history down to the cent . They say you 're under investigation , in danger of losing your home , or worse , your freedom -- unless you pay thousands of dollars on the spot . But they 're not real . And you 're not in trouble . Not unless you take it seriously . This is a scam . Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com . A big one . Federal authorities say it 's the largest IRS impersonation scam they 've ever seen -- swindling victims out of more than $ 15 million since it began in 2013 . "  They have information that only the Internal Revenue Service would know about you , " said Timothy Camus , deputy inspector general for investigations with the Treasury Department . "  It 's a byproduct of today 's society . There 's so much information available on individuals . " Using identity theft technology , the thieves have successfully victimized more than 3,000 people in the past two years , although the Treasury Department cautions that number is only documented cases and the true number might be higher . Camus said they 've recorded more than 366,000 reports of contact with the scammers , and it 's increasing at a rate of 10,000 to 12,000 a week . Authorities believe the thieves are operating out of India , using phishing technology to make it appear they 're IRS agents in Washington . Call 1 : ` The IRS is filing a lawsuit against you ' Call 2 : ` Your address is under state investigation ' The Federal Trade Commission , which goes after scammers like these from a civil standpoint , and the Treasury Department , which leads the criminal probe , both have open investigations . The largest loss reported was a staggering $ 500,000 , Camus said . Most have lost about $ 5,000 . One of those victims was former NFL player Frank Garcia , who is now a sports radio host in Charlotte , North Carolina . When he got the call , it sounded so authentic , he left the radio station in a panic , scramming to get the money they wanted . 12 scams to avoid "  The only thing running through my head is , I 'm going to jail . I 'm gon na be on television , in handcuffs , for tax evasion , " he recalled . "  I had to follow specific steps not to be arrested . That the authorities had been contacted and in fact , they are on the way and will be there in 30 minutes . " Garcia says he spent five hours driving to various stores around Charlotte , depositing $ 500 each time into a PayPal account set up by the woman on the phone . He ended up losing about $ 4,000 . He , and other victims , told CNN the swindlers never let their victims hang up the phone . "  I have never been arrested in my life and was very scared , " said Kin Ko , a New Jersey resident who lost about $ 5,000 after he says the impersonator told him he was facing five years in prison , and the IRS was about to confiscate his assets : His car , his house and all the money in his bank account . The person had a badge number , read him an arrest warrant from a nearby police jurisdiction . The thieves are incredibly smart and convincing . They harness stolen identities and use programs such as Google Earth to identity locations where their victims can transfer money . "  It sounded as legitimate as could be , " said Al Cadenhead , a pastor in North Carolina who also fell victim . "  They knew where I was . He told me where to go -- to the Rite Aid , up two streets turn left to the Rite Aid . The names of the streets , it was really just incredible . " Cadenhead told CNN he did n't come to his senses until he 'd signed over $ 16,000 . Identity theft tops list of consumer complaints "  It was like I came out of a coma and realized this was not normal and this is not how you do business , " he said . "  I know other people who 've heard the story say ` How did a guy with a PhD fall victim ? ' I was the perfect victim . I 've never been audited , never paid a traffic ticket . I do n't know how to pay fines . How do I know they are n't stern and serious about everything ? " Camus said many people are afraid when they hear from the IRS , so they do whatever the caller says . In December , federal authorities found and arrested two U.S.-based "  runners " who admitted to transferring almost a million dollars from pre-paid cards to foreign bank accounts . In many cases , victims are warned and stopped from sending more money by bank tellers or clerks at money wiring locations . Ko said that it was a bank teller who told him this was a scam when the impersonator asked him to go through a second round of depositing money . If you think you have been a victim of an IRS impersonation scam , you can report it to TIGTA 's web site or call 800-366-4484 . For Frank Garcia , the light came on when the woman on the phone asked him for another $ 8,000 after he thought his debt had been paid . He says he decided to hang up and await what the woman promised would be an arrest -- which , of course , never came . How hackers are stealing your tax refund "  I felt taken advantage of . I felt small . And I was naive , " he said . "  I was n't aware . I did n't understand the system . And did n't blame anybody but myself for not taking more time to understand those things . " Often , Camus says , immigrants are targeted and threatened with deportation . The elderly are also a popular target , although the scam has grown so large , people of all ages , income levels and status are getting these calls . Treasury Department officials say if you get one of these calls , the best and simplest way to handle it is to hang up . Camus himself , a Treasury Department investigator , even got one . He told them , "  Your time is coming . " Watch The Lead with Jake Tapper weekdays at 4pm ET . For the latest on The Lead with Jake Tapper click here .	IRS scam has swindled victims out of more than $ 15 million since 2013 Scammers warn of seizing property , prison time FTC and Treasury department have open investigations
CNN  -- Dozens of people died as heavy rain caused flooding and mudslides in Brazil this week , officials said Tuesday . A mudslide early Monday in Sapucaia , Rio de Janeiro , killed at least 13 people , city officials said in a written release . One person died in Laje do Muriae , Rio de Janeiro , city officials said . In the neighboring state of Minas Gerais , at least people 15 died amid the rain as 116 cities have declared a state of emergency , the state-run Agencia Brasil reported . Officials at the site of the mudslide in Sapucaia estimated Tuesday that at least nine people were still buried . Seven cities in the metropolitan Rio de Janeiro area were under a state of emergency . January is traditionally a month with heavy rain . A year ago , more than 800 people died because of floods in the state of Rio de Janeiro . CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	13 people are killed in a mudslide in Rio de Janeiro state Officials estimate that nine people remain buried In the state of Minas Gerais , at least 15 people have died amid heavy rain
CNN  -- "  Beware the fury of the patient man . " -- John Dryden In January , 1956 , Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser was pledging to take over Palestine . In the United States , a "  sensational new RCA Victor Star , " just days away from cracking the music charts with his first hit , "  Heartbreak Hotel , " was touring with Hank Snow and the stars of Grand Old Opry . Norma Jeane Mortenson was preparing to change her name . Also that month , a fresh-faced U.S. senator gave Richard Nixon an autographed copy of his second book , "  Profiles in Courage " . In that best-seller , John F. Kennedy applauded leaders with the courage to represent "  the actual sentiments of the silent majority of their constituents in opposition to the screams of a vocal minority . " That "  silent majority " was a constituency neither Nixon nor the country would forget : Fifty-six years later , Mitt Romney is counting on it to win the presidency . Nixon could have thanked Kennedy 's hardcover for one of his many resurrections . His appeal to the "  silent majority " turned around his political fortunes , driving his approval ratings from the mid-50s to more than 80 % . Opinion : Both parties have a huge race problem His pivotal speech contrasted a "  vocal minority " of idealistic but impractical , young , anti-Vietnam protestors , cultural elites and intellectuals with their stodgy parents , older , blue-collar , working-class Americans . Until Nixon drew the silent majority from the shadows , their simmering outrage at the left 's lack of respect for time-tested American values was undetected . Political historian Teddy White characterized the split between "  what the silent people think " and what the country 's "  more important thinkers think . " He wrote , "  Never have America 's leading cultural media , its university thinkers , its influence makers been more intrigued by experiment and change ; but in no election have the mute masses more completely separated themselves from such leadership and thinking . " At least , until today . By some measures , little has changed since the seminal year of 1969 . Marilyn Monroe remains a powerful symbol of fragile , sexual romanticism . The Arab world still lusts for the Palestinian territory . Elvis is making more money than ever . And we are still fighting the Vietnam War . The division between Nixon 's silent majority , on one hand , and , on the other , Democrat-leaning young voters , Hollywood stars , academia , the music industry , fashionistas , and news media elites has never repaired itself . In the "  The Conquest of Cool , " Thomas Frank chronicled how the social ferment of the 60 's not only failed to overthrow establishment culture , but was absorbed by it . The counter-culture of the 60s revolution turned into the "  Me Generation " of the 80s . They settled into entitled consumerism , grew fat and became today 's establishment . Now the counterculture defines itself by the brands it wears , not the institutions it protests . Being different today requires the latest IPhone and a vanilla , extra-shot latte . The counter culture wears a Nike swoosh , not a tie-died shirt . The Axis of Cool , born in protest against the war that has defined all future wars , has become a culture of locust-like consumption . It devours public and private resources . It remains allied against the previous generation 's antiquated ethos of self-discipline , personal responsibility and moderation . Over five decades , the counterculture became our culture . It expanded its home within the Democratic Party , finding its identity challenging the quaint social norms of tragically uncool Republicans . We are an easy cultural target . We are suspicious of all cutting-edge music , abstract art , avant-garde style and trendy thought . We advocate unimaginative self-restraint and standards we often fail to meet -- and we get no credit for trying . Our imperfections are labeled hypocritical , not human . Hip America is more fun . And in 2008 , it found its leader , the coolest president ever . President Obama hangs out with movie stars , makes no decisions without consulting the academic elite and sings like Al Green . Obama is the president of cool America . To oppose him , where did Republicans turn ? We chose the strait-laced personification of everything Obama is not . We made ourselves even more dated . Mitt Romney is the chaperone to be eluded at every prom . He 's common-sense parental advice , not counter-intuitive academic insight . He has stepped down , fresh and perfect , from a Norman Rockwell painting . As Ashley Parker notes in the New York Times , an emotional outburst from the proper Romney is limited to saying "  the heck with it . " Even my own daughter writes that Romney 's "  tendency to say ` shoot ' and ` darn it ' tells us he 's from another generation . " Being terminally uncool , however , may be the secret of Romney 's success . Nixon 's majority was silent a long time , until aroused by Obama , whose self-admitted superiority led him to denigrate their bitter attachment to their values . They slept , this quiet group of Americans who worked hard , paid their taxes and played by the rules , until awakened by a president who violated their core ethic of responsibility , telling them the cure for too much debt is even more debt . They are mature . They are responsible . And now they are frightened . They worry that everything they 've worked for is being consumed , leaving only a bare orchard of fruitless trees and leafless branches . They have heard an alarm . And now they stand to defend what is plain and boring and true . They rise to tell us their values , like the lines on the side of the road , are there for a purpose . They are there to keep us straight . Now it is the silent majority who takes to the streets in protest of their government 's fiscal fantasies . They are adults , rising to say that their country 's time-honored values are not luxuries we can discard , but obligations that must be met . Their children , who think themselves the first generation with the mental capacity to understand the world 's problems , stare at them . They confuse their parent 's civility with softness . They are baffled to hear that success requires self-discipline -- not just self-indulgence , good intentions and intellect . Polls say this race is tied . The president of cool is suddenly in a tight race against America 's most uncool parent . Are the "  mute masses " Nixon aroused still a majority ? Early turnout and absentee voting data from the Republican National Committee indicates that GOP vote totals are up over 2 % from 2008 while Democrat totals are down 6 % . GOP pollsters report Republicans are heading into 2012 with a significant advantage in voter interest and intensity . No-drama Obama has got the cool . All Romney has is the fury of the patient man . If he wins , Romney could make being uncool , cool again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos .	Alex Castellanos says election may echo old split between cultural elite , silent majority He says Obama is widely viewed as the "  cool president , " Romney is the opposite of cool Castellanos : Could Romney 's persona be a plus in this year 's election ?
CNN  -- U.N. inspectors will travel to Syria "  as soon as possible " to investigate three reports of chemical weapons use , a U.N. spokesperson said Wednesday . The announcement of the upcoming visit followed talks last week between Syria 's government and a U.N. representative for disarmament affairs , according to the U.N. statement . Syria has been embroiled in a bloody civil war for more than two years , during which more than 100,000 people have been killed and millions have been displaced or become refugees in other countries , according to the United Nations . Amid the fighting , there have been numerous allegations that chemical weapons have been used . In June , the White House said Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces had crossed a "  red line " by using chemical weapons , including the nerve agent sarin gas , against rebel forces . This prompted the U.S. government to begin providing military support to opposition fighters , despite its earlier reluctance to do so . Syria 's government , meanwhile , has claimed rebel fighters have used chemical weapons as well . That includes a March incident in Khan al-Asal in the northern province of Aleppo , according to state media . Opposition officials have said rebels do n't have access to chemical weapons or the missiles needed to use them in an attack , while other rebel leaders said Syrian troops fired "  chemical rockets " at civilians and opposition forces . The Khan al-Asal will be one of the three incidents that U.N. inspectors will look into during their upcoming visit , according to the U.N. spokesperson .	U.N. inspectors will go to Syria "  as soon as possible " to probe chemical weapons use They 'll look into 3 incidents , including one in which Syria has accused rebel fighters The U.S. believes Syrian forces crossed a "  red line " by using chemical weapons More than 100,000 have been killed since Syria 's civil war began over two yaers ago
A man who allegedly was with Aaron Hernandez the night Odin Lloyd was killed pleaded not guilty Friday to a single count of being an accessory to murder after the fact . As members of his and Lloyd 's family looked on , Carlos Ortiz uttered only those two words -- "  not guilty " -- during his brief arraignment in Bristol County Superior Court in the southeastern Massachusetts city of Fall River . His next court date is set for November 20 . Ortiz is one of several people who have been charged in connection with Lloyd 's death , though only one person -- Hernandez , who was a standout tight end for the New England Patriots before being released by the team the day of his arrest -- faces a murder count . Like Hernandez , Ortiz hails from Bristol , Connecticut . During Friday 's court hearing , Ortiz 's lawyer John Connors did not contest the $ 500,000 cash bail set for his client , though he could do so later . "  We do n't have the grand jury minutes , we do n't have a lot of the discovery statements , etc. . So I think it 's prudent to wait for the next date until we argue  bail  , " Connors said . Authorities have said that Hernandez , Ernest Wallace and Ortiz picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment in a rental car shortly before he was found shot to death June 17 in a North Attleborough , Massachusetts , industrial park . Surveillance cameras then captured the rental car leaving the crime scene and Hernandez carrying a gun as he returned to his home minutes later . He was with two other people . Lloyd -- a 27-year-old semi-pro football player himself -- was not among them . Ortiz first told investigators both Hernandez and Wallace had gotten out of the car with Lloyd at the industrial park , before shots rang out . But prosecutors say he later changed his story to claim Wallace remained in the car , while Hernandez and Lloyd got out . Asked last month about Ortiz changing his account , his attorney said , "  Almost every case I 've ever been involved in , the story changes during interrogation . "  When a professional interrogation takes place , at the end of it sometimes you have trouble remembering your own name . " Connors said his client had "  limited means " and would seek a relatively low bail . "  He 's a young guy who got caught up in a situation , " Connors said . "  And when all this came about , he was frightened and confused , as you can imagine anyone would be . I believe he 's an honest guy . "	Authorities say Carlos Ortiz was with Aaron Hernandez when they picked up Odin Lloyd Lloyd was found killed in an industrial park ; Hernandez is charged with murder in case Ortiz pleads not guilty on a charge of being an accessory to murder after the fact Ortiz 's lawyer does n't contest the $ 500,000 bail , though he could so later
Mashable  -- Pandora has expanded from music to jokes with the addition of 10,000 comedy clips from more than 700 comedians to its Internet radio service . Like its Music Genome Project , Pandora 's Comedy Genome Project analyzes the content of each clip for style , content and deliver in order to figure out which comedians have similar delivers or joke about similar topics . It 's this analysis and recommendation system that has turned Pandora into a Internet music powerhouse . "  Adding comedians to the mix has been one of the top requests from our listeners , " Pandora said in a blog post , "  so we 've taken the same approach to comedy as we have to music : carefully and deliberately analyzing comedic ` bits ' across a very large number of attributes to capture the style , delivery and content of each performance . " Some of the comedians that are now available on Pandora include Chris Rock , Jerry Seinfeld , Eddie Murphy , George Carlin , Mitch Hedberg and John Rivers , according to The New York Times . And like its musical counterpart , comedy on Pandora will also come with audio advertisements . Unilever is Pandora 's first advertiser and will be promoting its Axe male body products and Klondike bars . Once at the brink of destruction , Pandora has bounced back and is now preparing for an IPO that is expected to raise at least $ 100 million for the Internet radio company . Pandora has more than 80 million users and is essentially break even . See the original article at Mashable.com . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Pandora 's Comedy Genome Project analyzes the content of each clip Comedy on Pandora will also come with audio advertisements Some of the comedians include Eddie Murphy , George Carlin , Mitch Hedberg
CNN  -- Matthew McConaughey was n't the only "  Dallas Buyers Club " actor pushing his body to the limit . Co-star Jared Leto recently revealed to The Wrap that he lost 30 to 40 pounds for his role as a transsexual living with HIV in the 1980s . To get down to 114 pounds , "  I stopped eating , " Leto said , adding that such a drastic physical change had an impact beyond the scale . "  It changes the way you walk , the way you sit , the way you think , " the 41-year-old musician and actor said . McConaughey : First burger post-diet was as good as I hoped But Leto , who has n't done a film in roughly four years , has altered his appearance for previous roles , including gaining weight to play Mark David Chapman in 2007 's "  Chapter 27 . " As he told New York magazine 's Vulture in 2012 , "  it 's not about the most weight I can lose , it 's more to represent the character . " While fasting to portray his "  Dallas Buyers " character Rayon , Leto said he was meditating on "  what it means to be a transsexual woman . " It looks like his hard work -- and that of co-stars McConaughey and Jennifer Garner , who portrays a physician -- paid off . "  Dallas Buyers Club " received good reviews when it premiered over the weekend at the Toronto International Film Festival . The film , based on a true story and directed by Jean-Marc Vallee  "  The Young Victoria " ; "  C.R.A.Z.Y. "  , stars McConaughey as a homophobic , hell-raising cowboy who refuses to accept his doctors ' warnings he only has 30 days to live after being diagnosed with HIV in the mid - '80s . McConaughey lost 38 pounds to play the gaunt Woodroof , who went against the medical system and set off across international borders to round up HIV treatments . Using an entrepreneurial hustler 's spirit , he then sells the treatments to those in need through his "  Dallas Buyers Club . " ` Dallas Buyers Club ' : Watch Matthew McConaughey 's transformation The Hollywood Reporter called the film an "  enthralling drama " told with "  vigor and an assured light touch " and said the star 's portrayal of Woodroof is "  a full-bodied characterization that will take McConaughey 's already impressive career regeneration several steps further . " The review praised Leto , too , calling him "  simply wonderful ... in the showier supporting role . " Variety also commented how well McConaughey inhabited his character , saying that "  any doubts that still exist " about the 43-year-old star 's talent will be "  permanently put to rest . " "  But McConaughey 's is not the only performance of note in this riveting and surprisingly relatable true story , " Variety said , complimenting Leto for his "  sensitive , considerate " characterization . The industry trade predicted that "  rave reviews for both actors should draw mainstream  audiences  to one of the year 's most vital and deserving indie efforts . " Audiences will find out if Variety 's correct when "  Dallas Buyers Club " opens November 1 .	Jared Leto stars with Matthew McConaughey in upcoming "  Dallas Buyers Club " The actor/musician says he lost 30 to 40 pounds for role Leto portrays a transsexual woman living with HIV in the 1980s Critics have raved about both actors ' performances
WUGANG , China  CNN  -- Hengjiang Village is nestled in the lush mountains of China 's Hunan province , just a few kilometers from the bustling city of Wugang . It is a simple place , where mopeds carrying families of four zoom up and down dirt roads , and villagers drink water from local wells . Xiao Junmei spent more than 20 days in hospital recovering from severe lead poisoning . Their simple , unassuming way of life was shattered when children started getting sick . A few cases turned into hundreds and parents started to worry . So far , 1,354 children in Hunan province have tested positive for abnormal levels of lead in their blood , authorities say . Lead poisoning is a devastating side effect of industrial pollution . In Shaanxi province 's Fengxiang County , 851 children recently also turned up with high lead levels along with more than 200 in Yunnan province . All of them live near industrial plants , some only a few hundred feet away . Local officials say eight factories in Wenping and Simachong , including the plant in Hengjiang , have since been shut down , including coal , manganese and iron smelting plants . Environmental protection officials from the central government have been dispatched to various locations to conduct factory inspections and environmental evaluations . Authorities say all factories will remain closed until they meet official safety standards . Watch Chang 's report on lead poisonings in Fengxiang " Two executives at a manganese factory in Wenping have been detained . The general manager was on the run for two weeks but turned himself in on August 27 . "  What they did is totally wrong , " Wugang government spokesman Lei Zanning told CNN . "  The factory and the boss have violated the production safety standards . This is the result of illegal production and construction . " Authorities say children living up to 20 kilometers away from factories have been affected , and more were being tested . The government is offering free examinations for children under 14 years old and compensation for affected families . See photos of the families , the plants and the kindergarten where cases were first found " Although officials have showed remorse and concern , villagers said they have been intimidated to keep quiet . Watch Chang 's report on being followed by officials during one of her lead poisoning investigation " Upon arriving at Hengjiang Village , residents rushed our crew behind homes before we could be seen by local government "  spotters " or police . Once they felt safe , one parent after another recounted tales of their sick children . Watch Chang meet the parents and children " "  My baby 's been in the hospital for more than 20 days , " said Xiao Aijun , of his 10-month-old daughter Xiao Junmei . "  We have to go back in the month . Look at her hair , look at her hair ! " Xiao said Junmei 's hair is not growing properly and his older daughter has lost her appetite . Lead poisoning can cause severe developmental problems in children ranging from anemia to stomach pains and permanent brain damage . Doctors say the only treatment that is available is incredibly high-risk , and can not completely rid the body of lead . Lead not only infiltrates the bloodstream , but also the body 's soft tissue and bones and can cause lifelong consequences . According to doctors , pregnant women can also pass lead poisoning on to their unborn children . "  The government has n't done anything to take care of pregnant women , " said Liu Yanqun , who is seven months pregnant . "  My first child miscarried due to external factors , and this is my second . The government just does n't care . " "  Of course , I 'm worried about my baby 's future , " Liu added . "  Is my baby going to be like these children with lead poisoning , with birth defects ? " A government notice posted in town outlines a compensation plan for families with sick kids , but also warned villagers not to "  spread rumors " or cause trouble . "  They 're insulting us , " said one man . "  Yeah , all they want us to do is stop talking , " said another woman . At the manganese plant down the street from Hengjiang Village , another public notice indicates there was recently a protest there , during which some equipment was damaged . The notice says the government will be lenient to those who turn themselves in . Those who provide information will be rewarded . Protests in response to industrial pollution are increasingly common in China where health and environmental standards have at times been sacrificed to promote economic development . According to reports , up to 10,000 villagers recently rioted at a sewage plant in Fujian province , claiming it is responsible for causing cancer . The protesters reportedly clashed with 2,000 police who fired warning shots and tear gas to break up the crowd . Environmentalists say pollution will continue to be a challenge for local governments that are often poorly equipped to monitor the environmental impact of factories in their areas . "  Local environmental bureaus do n't have much capacity or resources to conduct frequent inspections , " said Steven Ma of Greenpeace China . Regardless , Ma said , "  GDP growth is still like the first priority for a lot of local governments although ... the central government is more aware of a necessity for more balanced development . " In the case of lead and other metals , contamination may be more widespread than many local villagers can anticipate . Lead can remain in the air , water , soil and crops even after the source of contamination is cut off . "  If you do n't reduce the use of heavy metals at the source it 's very difficult to actually treat them after they 're released into the environment , " said Ma . "  So it poses a long term threat to environment in China . According to the government , about 10 percent of the nation 's arable land is contaminated with lead , and annually about 12 million tons of food crops are contaminated by lead . " Children with the most serious cases of lead poisoning in Hengjiang Village and surrounding areas are being treated at local clinics and larger hospitals in nearby Changsha . Parents said hospital officials asked them to sign forms agreeing not to talk to journalists . However , they defied orders and agreed to meet us outside to tell us their stories . Many of their children are undergoing risky medical treatment that while helpful , can not completely reverse the damage that has already been done . "  When the manganese plant was built , we did n't really know the influence it would have on our families , " said mother Luo Meiling , clutching her daughter . "  If we knew , we would n't have been living there in the first place . We had no idea the plant would poison our children . "	About 1,354 children in Hunan province test positive for abnormal levels of lead Officials : Eight factories shuttered ; wo n't reopen until they meet safety standards Environmental protection officials dispatched to conduct inspections Children turn up with high levels of lead elsewhere in China
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Recently , at 48 years of age , I was diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome . For most of my life , I knew that I was "  other , " not quite like everyone else . I searched for years for answers and found none , until an assignment at work required me to research autism . During that research , I found in the lives of other people with Asperger 's threads of similarity that led to the diagnosis . Although having the diagnosis has been cathartic , it does not change the "  otherness . " It only confirms it . When I talk to people about this aspect of myself , they always want to know what it means to be an "  Aspie , " as opposed to a "  Neurotypical "  NT  . Oh , dear , where to start . ... The one thing people seem to know about Asperger 's , if they know anything at all , is the geek factor . Bill Gates is rumored to be an Aspie . We tend to have specialized interests , and we will talk about them , ad infinitum , whether you are interested or not . Recognizing my tendency to soliloquize , I often choose silence , although perhaps not often enough . Due to our extensive vocabularies and uninflected manner of speaking , we are called "  little professors , " or arrogant . I do n't quite understand small talk , and early in my adult life , solecisms were frequent . At meetings , I launch into business without the expected social acknowledgments . It 's not that I do n't care about people , I am just very focused on task . Do you have to rehearse greeting people to reinforce that you should do it ? I do . I am lucky to have a very dear friend who savors my eccentricities . She laughs , lovingly , about one particular evening at a restaurant . Before she could get seated , I asked her what she knew about the golden ratio and began to spew everything I know about it . I re-emphasize how lucky I am to have her as a friend , because this incident occurred long before I was diagnosed . A misconception is that Aspies do not have a sense of humor . It is true that we can be very literal , so we often miss the humor in everyday banter , but we can and do enjoy even subtle humor . Our literal interpretations , however , can be problematic . In first grade , whenever someone made a mess in the classroom , the teacher would ask a student to get the janitor . The student would come back with Mr. Jones  not really his name  , who carried a broom and large folding dustpan . When I was asked to get the janitor , I looked all over the school and reported back to the teacher that I could not find it . After all , the person was Mr. Jones , so the janitor must be the object , right ? I lack the ability to see emotion in most facial expressions . I compensate for this deficiency by listening to the inflections in people 's voices and using logic to determine emotional context . The words people choose , their movements , or even how quickly they exit a meeting can provide clues to emotion . I also have intensified senses -- touch , taste , smell , sight , and sound -- so I am attuned to lights , noise , textures , and smells . In a "  busy " environment , I will eventually go into sensory overload and my mind will go blank . When this happens , I have to "  go away " mentally for a brief period to regain focus . When I "  return , " I have to piece together what occurred while I was "  away . " The additional mental processing I must do to function every day is fatiguing , and I do n't handle "  ad hoc " very well . Being asked to respond quickly in the midst of all this other processing is difficult , sometimes impossible . I am so sensitive to touch that a tickle hurts me . This is the hardest concept for most people to understand . How can a tickle hurt ? All I can tell you is that it does , so I avoid being touched except by those who have learned how to touch me . Hugs are dispensed infrequently , but if I do hug someone , I resemble Frankenstein 's monster , arms extended to control contact . When my dad  who I suspect is an Aspie , too  and I hug , we both have "  the approach . " We sometimes miss and have to re-approach a couple of times until a brief , awkward hug is achieved . In school , other children noted my differences , and I was bullied  and tickled into fits of despair  for years . Already needing extended periods of time alone , my response was to become even more of a loner . Uh oh . When you are weird , you are a joke . When you are a loner , you frighten people . It 's always the quiet ones . ... I am married  wow !  , and my brilliant husband is an absolute sweetheart . I do n't know any other man who has the self-confidence to be pushed away  sometimes sharply  , both physically and mentally , as often as he has been . He has been gentle and patient  and , yes , frequently emotionally depleted  as we both worked through my need for space , tendency to go so deep into my own world that the real world and everyone in it cease to exist , and sensitivity to touch during the 26  soon to be 27  years of our marriage . I live with anxiety , because the world can be overwhelming and people have expectations that I always , sooner or later , fail to meet . I can not begin to tell you how many times I have been told that I am rude , inaccessible or cold , yet I have never purposely tried to harm anyone , nor do I mean to be , well , mean . I could tell you so much more , but instead let me share one last insight . Do n't pity me or try to cure or change me . If you could live in my head for just one day , you might weep at how much beauty I perceive in the world with my exquisite senses . I would not trade one small bit of that beauty , as overwhelming and powerful as it can be , for "  normalcy . " E-mail to a friend	Woman says Asperger 's syndrome diagnosis at 48 helped explain "  otherness " People with Asperger 's are often ultra-focused on sometimes obscure topics With intensified senses she 's ultra-attuned to lights , noise , textures , and smells Asperger 's syndrome is one of the autism spectrum disorders
CNN  Cricket is not a game that looks ready to take off among American sports fans -- but it could be about to provide an unexpected new career for professional athletes in the United States . Despite the millions earned in Major League Baseball , the minor leagues are filled with players only pocketing around $ 1,000 a month as they chase a dwindling dream of making it big . It 's a breadline salary so low that it has sparked a class-act lawsuit against major teams . But one man thinks another way out is for minor leaguers to take their professional skills and switch them to another ball game . Julien Fountain , the former fielding coach for Pakistan 's Test cricketers who also played baseball for Great Britain , is recruiting American players to a scheme he calls Switch Hit 20 -- aimed at taking the inherent aptitude and athleticism of ballplayers and training them in the nuances of Twenty20 cricket . "  I 'm not trying to take players away from a baseball career , " says Fountain , who had tryouts with the Royals , the White Sox and the Mets , before coaching some of cricket 's top international teams using skills learned in the ballpark . "  But any current minor leaguers who feel they are n't going to make it , or guys who have recently been cut or quit because they simply can not afford to carry on ; they are perfect for a career in modern cricket . And the key things for these guys is that it pays considerably better than the Gulf Coast League . " It 's something he 's already done once . After leaving his post with Pakistan last year , he converted a group of Korean baseball players into a national cricket team that reached the quarterfinals of the Asian Games this fall . "  Having moved back and forth between the two sports myself , I know the potential these guys have for success in T20 cricket , " says Fountain . "  I was the first to introduce baseball fielding techniques to international cricket , because a major league outfielder will out-throw a professional cricketer every time . This is a sport that Americans can do well at . " Minor leaguer Boomer Collins has been chasing the dream of the big leagues since he was a boy . His looks , his build , the way he talks and even his name are as near to the definition of an American ballplayer as you 're going to get . But beyond the square jaw and the all-state honors as both outfielder and quarterback , there 's one thing that makes him different to every other guy out there on the diamond . He wants to be the greatest cricket player the world has ever seen . Thomas Collins III got the nickname "  Boomer " thanks to the tornado crashing past the Texas hospital where he was born in June 1989 . A couple of decades later and his .374 batting average , with 13 home runs in 60 junior-year games at Dallas Baptist , saw him eventually signed by the Blue Jays . His story since then is depressingly similar to thousands like him , becalmed in the minor leagues on a poverty-line salary of $ 1,200 a month . "  I 'm always an optimist . I 'm 25 years old . This year will probably prove a lot . I want to make the big leagues and I 'm going to work my butt off until it happens or does n't happen , " Collins said in his break between working an eight-hour milk delivery shift and a full afternoon of offseason training . Collins is one of the first signups to Switch Hit 20 , and talks with surprising enthusiasm about a sport he has only seen on YouTube links sent to him by Fountain . Cricket 's revolution 11 years ago into Twenty20 or T20 -- with games taking three hours instead of five days -- has seen sleepy spectators replaced with raucous crowds , batters swinging for the fences instead of blocking balls , cheerleaders on the sidelines , and the creation of new competitions . The annual Indian Premier League , for instance , awards the best players seven-figure contracts for a season lasting just eight weeks . Collins hopes it can save him from 3.45 am wakeup calls and the end of his athletic career , but believes he has something to contribute as well . "  I 've always wanted to do something to change the world -- something that I can put my stamp on , " he says . "  Jackie Robinson did it for African-Americans in baseball . We can do it for Americans in cricket . "  The athleticism that Americans can bring to the table could revolutionize the game of cricket even more to become a bigger , faster , stronger sport . "  Look at soccer now . That all came from American players making a stand in what was a minority sport over here . "  If you would 've said ` soccer ' about five years ago people would 've said , "  Get outta here , man " . Now everyone 's watching the World Cup . " Another player hoping to break the mold is middle infielder Jordan Dean , a 24-year-old drafted by the Tigers in 2012 but now with Illinois independents the Schaumburg Boomers -- and studying for an M.B.A. as a Plan B. "  A lot of us guys in the minor leagues have to take the decision -- are my legs going to hold up , or my bank account , and which is going to go first ? " Dean says . "  In my case it 'll be the bank account , because I know that otherwise I 'll never be ready to finish playing ball . "  I 've talked to my girlfriend about the cricket thing . We 'd go through about five or 10 minutes thinking how amazing it would be , traveling the world playing sport . Then it would be , ` What the hell am I saying ? ' It 's ping-pong in my brain . " For Fountain , the endgame goes beyond getting his players a T20 contract . "  I want to inject enough talent into USA cricket , to see it bounce back up the rankings . I want to coach a USA team at a World Cup . " A team already exists , but he believes replacing its largely ex-pat spine with American baseball talent is the only way it can join the elite . "  Wearing a jersey with the flag on the front and your name on the back is huge for any American , " says Dean . But Fountain has also let his early sign ups know that there are a few things to iron out before he can start printing jerseys . "  I 'm aiming for tryouts in the spring , so the guys who are already with teams , or trying out for teams can also come and try out for me , " says Fountain . "  Sponsorship is crucial . We 're in talks with some interested parties but even if companies like Greyhound can lay on some tickets to get these players to the tryout , that would help . "  I 've wanted to do this for years -- I talked to some TV companies about a reality TV show back in 2010 and I hope it could still be a part of it . " Brenden Kalfus , 23 , was another earning in the region of $ 14,000 a year with a Blue Jays affiliate before they let him go this past season . "  I think if we all started playing cricket , I do n't think the expectation would be that we 're going to be stars and make millions , " he says . "  It would just be great to be the first to bring it out to America . Then see where it goes after that . " If the project stalls , Boomer Collins is prepared to go it alone . "  The whole thing with me is that whatever happens , I still want to go overseas and try because I have got that excitement so high , " he says . "  I still want to go and train with Julien to try it out myself . If we can work out a living situation with food , I would do it in a heartbeat . I do n't have to have some sort of income , just as long as me and my wife have food and a place to stay . "  I know that I 'm not going to be the best in the world in the first five years of playing the sport . But I 'm also never going to go in and say , ` I 'll just be OK . ' "  I 'm going to go and try and be the best cricket player in the world . " Fountain says it will take less time than Collins thinks . "  These guys have the potential to take the world of T20 cricket by storm , " he said . "  For the last few years you have heard cricket announcers use the phrase , ` That was a real baseball shot . ' "  Well now you will be able to see those so-called baseball shots executed by guys who really can hit a ball 400 feet -- with a bat whose hitting area is a fraction of the width of a cricket bat . "	Low wages push players away from minor league baseball Pro cricket coach Julien Fountain boosts US cricket with new Twenty20 talent scheme Baseballer dreams of becoming "  best cricket player in the world "
Editor 's note : Glenn Beck is on CNN Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET and also is host of a conservative national radio talk show . Glenn Beck says Wall Street 's troubles began with a wild craze for subprime mortages . NEW YORK  CNN  -- "  Greed is good . " At least , that 's what Michael Douglas ' character Gordon Gekko claimed in the movie Wall Street . But , just like Gekko , the modern-day companies that followed that motto now find themselves wondering how everything could collapse so fast . You know the names by now : Countrywide Financial , Bear Stearns , IndyMac , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , Lehman Brothers , AIG . And that 's not even counting companies like Citigroup , Merrill Lynch , and Goldman Sachs that , while still in existence , have lost untold billions in market value and have laid off thousands of employees . Maybe greed is n't so good after all . Lehman was founded in 1844 when Henry Lehman , a German immigrant , opened a small shop in Montgomery , Alabama . His brothers joined him six years later and , by 1858 they were busy turning cotton provided by local farmers into a cash crop -- a business that did n't have anything to do with helping low-income families afford 27-bedroom McMansions . More than 150 years later , after surviving the Great Depression , Black Monday , the savings and loan crisis and the dot-com bust , Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy protection . They had gone 14 years as a public company without ever reporting a single quarterly loss . Now they will never again post a profit . Bear Stearns ' story is eerily similar . Founded in 1923 . Survived every crisis . Never posted a quarterly loss until last year . Gone without a trace . So how did 235 years of rock-solid American finance disappear virtually overnight ? Well , it 's not as complicated as you think . If you replace all of the acronyms invented by the brainiacs on Wall Street with references to things that Main Street understands , it becomes a lot easier to see how it all happened . Here 's a quick story I invented that does just that . Note to any Wall Street executives who might be reading this : I know this simple little story is n't perfect , but let 's remember that you 're the ones who tried to make everything complicated and I 'm the one who still has a job . It 's just before Christmas ,1996 , and as you watch overeager parents trample each other to buy Tickle Me Elmo dolls for their kids , you see an opportunity . "  This is n't a Tickle Me Elmo bubble , " you think to yourself , "  this is a long-term trend . Every person in America will soon own a Tickle Me Elmo , maybe even two . It 's the American dream . " You approach your local banker about a loan and , naturally , he loves your idea . In fact , he loves it so much that for every $ 1 you have in your account , he 's willing to lend you $ 34 . Great deal , you think , as you max out your credit line and buy as many Tickle Me Elmos as you possibly can . Sales are easy at first . People are lining up to buy your dolls and the prices are going far higher than you ever thought . The only person happier than you is your banker . But the following year something unexpected happens : Kids stop asking for Tickle Me Elmos . You try to cut the price , but no buyers show up . You cut the price more , but your store remains empty . Panic sets in . You 're pretty sure that this downturn is just temporary  after all , who would n't want a Tickle Me Elmo ?  but you 're quickly running out of cash . Your only option is to buy time and hope that Tickle Me Elmos start flying off your shelves again . You visit every bank in town and , using your piles of Tickle Me Elmo dolls as collateral  which , of course , you purchased with money you did n't have  you get as much new capital as possible . Soon that money is also gone . Even your friends and family refuse to give you any more loans . At the end of your rope , you go to your town council , which gives you a "  bridge loan " to get you through the next few months  something that makes your Furby-selling competitors extremely upset  . Unfortunately , no matter how much you borrow , there 's still one nagging little problem : No one wants to buy your stupid Tickle Me Elmo dolls anymore . The longer you wait , the less they 're worth . You sell some for pennies on the dollar , but pretty soon you ca n't even do that . Then things get even worse : News breaks that China is poisoning some Tickle Me Elmos before shipping them to the United States . Now your dolls are not just out of favor , they 're toxic . You literally ca n't even give them away . Soon the rest of your money dries up , as do the people who are willing to lend you any more of it . Now you 're out of cash ; out of a job , and , if not for the pile of poisonous Tickle Me Elmo dolls in your basement , completely alone -- which sounds kind of like the CEOs of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns . Believe it or not , this ridiculous story may be far from reality , but it 's not that far off from describing what these financial and mortgage companies did to themselves . Just replace the Tickle Me Elmo references with the once popular , then discounted , now completely toxic subprime mortgages and you 're pretty much there . When you cut through all the noise about "  bridge loans " and "  discount windows , " what you 're left with is the fact that too many companies still own way too many Tickle Me Elmos that no one wants to buy . Giving those companies more money does n't solve anything , it just buys time . Unless and until the underlying problem is fixed , no real turnaround can happen . But we all know that investors  and elected leaders worried about their careers this November  are n't all that patient . That 's why the new chorus you 're likely to soon hear will be from people arguing that the only way out of this mess is for the federal government to step in and purchase all of the toxic mortgages themselves . That would allow the companies with eyes bigger than their balance sheets to start over , with barely any repercussions whatsoever and without ever taking responsibility for their mistakes . Come to think of it , maybe greed is n't so bad after all . Would the government actually consider that idea ? They already are . In fact , the only thing stopping politicians from "  rewarding " us with a new government agency that will put billions more of our tax dollars at stake is , ironically enough , the election of new politicians . Disclaimer : Tickle Me Elmo is still an extremely popular , non-toxic product and , to the best of my knowledge , is not responsible for the credit crisis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Glenn Beck : Hundreds of years of Wall Street history vanished this week Major companies collapsed due to the subprime mortgage fiasco , he says Beck : Firms still own too many toxic mortgages they ca n't sell A new government agency could form to buy up mortgages , Beck says
CNN  Between light-hearted moments like Benedict Cumberbatch taking a swig from a hip flask and Neil Patrick Harris parading on stage in his underwear , it was all about activism and controversial topics at the 87th Academy Awards . A broad range of issues , from immigration to suicide to Alzheimer 's disease to wage inequality , took center stage . Sean Penn rubbed many the wrong way when he joked "  Who gave this son of a bitch his green card ? " as he presented Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Iñarritu the best picture award for "  Birdman . " Iñarritu seemed unperturbed and devoted the Oscar win to his fellow Mexicans , saying , "  I just pray they can be treated with the same dignity and respect of the ones that came before and built this incredible , immigrant nation . " In the press room , Iñarritu said of Penn 's joke , "  I found it hilarious . Sean and I have that kind of brutal  relationship  where only true friendship can survive . " Mostly , though , the night belonged to messages of empowerment . After expressing the usual gratitude to cast and crew of Richard Linklater 's "  Boyhood , " best supporting actress winner Patricia Arquette took a moment at the end of her acceptance speech to call for equal pay for women . "  To every woman who gave birth to every taxpayer and citizen in this nation : We have fought for everybody else 's equal rights . It 's our time to have wage equality in the U.S. , " she said , causing an uproar in the room as well as on social media . Despite Meryl Streep 's whooping approval , some viewers said the irony was not lost on them that Arquette 's speech was given at such a lavish affair . Others argued that although the message was important , it marginalized the LGBT and non-white communities . Reese Witherspoon , who was nominated for best actress for her role in "  Wild , " advocated for the hashtag #AskHerMore , which encourages red carpet presenters to ask more thought-provoking questions instead of the usual appearance-driven ones like "  Who are you wearing ? " Graham Moore gave an emotional speech after his win for best adapted screenplay for "  The Imitation Game . " "  When I was 16 years old , I tried to kill myself because I felt weird and I felt different and I felt like I did not belong , " Moore said . "  And now I 'm standing here , and so I would like this moment to be for that kid out there who feels like she 's weird or she 's different or she does n't fit in anywhere . Yes , you do . I promise you do . Stay weird . Stay different , and then when it 's your turn and you are standing on this stage , please pass this same message to the next person who comes along . " The hashtag #StayWeird took off in the wake of Moore 's speech . Resources for suicide awareness and prevention include the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and The Trevor Project . And lastly , J.K. Simmons got preachy about a topic that hits close to home for many : The winner of best supporting actor for "  Whiplash " encouraged viewers to #CallYourMom . "  And if I may , call your mom . Everybody -- I 'm told there 's like a billion people or so. Call your mom ; call your dad . If you are lucky enough to have a parent or two alive on this planet , call them . Do n't text , do n't email , " he said . So , have you called her yet ?	Sean Penn 's immigration comment at the Oscars causes some to cry "  inappropriate ! " Patricia Arquette took on wage inequality , to the appreciation of Meryl Streep Screenplay winner Graham Moore gave an emotional speech about growing up "  weird "
CNN  -- Dozens more workers Monday joined the effort to clean up an oil spill that dumped hundreds of barrels of crude into Montana 's Yellowstone River over the weekend , ExxonMobil said . ExxonMobil said between 750 to 1,000 barrels  32,000 to 42,000 gallons  of oil escaped late Friday when a pipeline ruptured beneath the river near Billings . Some of the oil has washed ashore or formed pools of "  milky brown " residue in river eddies , Yellowstone County Sheriff Mike Linder said . High water and a swift current has helped break up the spill , local officials said . But cleanup efforts have been hampered by flooding that has made it harder to track and clean up the oil , said Linder and Duane Winslow , the county 's emergency services director . The Yellowstone was running above flood stage over the weekend , sweeping brush and logs into the river , and had a 5 - to 7-mph current Sunday . "  It 's too dangerous to do anything on the river , to put out any sort of boats or anything , " Winslow said . "  So people will be working from the shores rather than out in the middle of the river . " About 80 people were expected Monday to join the 120 working to contain the oil spill , ExxonMobil said in a statement posted late Sunday on its website . Cleanup crews are using absorbent pads to soak up oil , boom to isolate oil that has pooled adjacent to the river and vacuum trucks and tankers to pick up and dispose of the oil , it said . The spill was discovered late Friday night near Laurel , west of Billings and about 100 miles downstream from Yellowstone National Park . The pipeline feeds an ExxonMobil refinery in Billings , and the company said it had shut down the line within minutes . "  We will stay with the cleanup until it is complete , and we sincerely apologize to the people of Montana for any inconvenience the incident is creating , " Gary Pruessing , the president of ExxonMobil 's pipeline subsidiary , said in a statement issued Sunday . There were no reports of wildlife being endangered by the spill , Tim Thennis , who is leading the response for the Montana 's Disaster Emergency Services agency , said Sunday . Rescue worker with the International Bird Rescue also were expected to join cleanup efforts Monday , ExxonMobil said . The Montana Audubon Conservation Education Center and Yellowstone Valley Audubon have offered to provide wildlife recovery services and facilities , it said . The spill forced the evacuation of more than 200 nearby residents after it was discovered Friday night , but they were allowed to return Saturday morning . Laurel rancher Lloyd Webber said the spill left a "  pretty heavy " smell of oil hanging over the area Friday night as he and his wife left their home . "  We went to the Perkins in Billings and drank coffee for two or three hours , then went back , " said Webber , who lives about a half-mile from the river . ExxonMobil said it had received more than 70 calls to its community claims line . ExxonMobil did not say whether these calls were individual claims or what the claims were being made . The Yellowstone is one of the tributaries of the Missouri River , which it joins in neighboring North Dakota . Thennis said state agencies , the federal Environmental Protection Agency and ExxonMobil are working together to clean up the spill . CNN 's Matt Smith , Joe Sutton and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	High water and a swift current has helped break up an oil spill Exxon says about 750 to 1,000 barrels of oil spilled in the Yellowstone The spill occurred when a pipeline ruptured near Billings Cleanup efforts have been hampered by flooding
EW.com  -- Despite "  Skyfall " being the most commercially successful "  James Bond " movie ever , director Sam Mendes wo n't be returning for Bond 's next go-round . Mendes ' rep confirmed the director 's statement in Empire magazine , which explains that he will not direct James Bond 's 24th adventure . "  It has been a very difficult decision not to accept Michael -LSB- G. Wilson -RSB- and Barbara -LSB- Broccoli -RSB- 's very generous offer to direct the next Bond movie , " Mendes said . "  Directing Skyfall was one of the best experiences of my professional life , but I have theatre and other commitments , including productions of Charlie And The Chocolate Factory and King Lear , that need my complete focus over the next year and beyond . " Orson Scott Card 's ` Superman ' artist exits But while Mendes said he wo n't be directing 007â $ ² s next picture , he did n't rule out a return to the franchise later on . "  I feel very honoured to have been part of the Bond family , " said Mendes , "  and very much hope I have a chance to work with them again sometime in the future . " With Mendes out of the running , who would you like to see direct the next James Bond flick ? See the original article at EW.com . Chris Nashawaty contributed to this report . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sam Mendes wo n't be returning for Bond 's next go-round Mendes ' rep confirmed that he wo n't direct James Bond 's 24th adventure . While Mendes said he wo n't be directing 007â $ ² s next picture , he did n't rule out a return later on
Same-sex couples can marry in Arkansas , but ca n't yet do the same in Idaho , thanks to a pair of court rulings Thursday . The Arkansas case is an entirely in-state matter , involving a local county court and the state 's Supreme Court . But it 's similar to a spate of federal rulings in recent months because the initial ruling that kicked off the process knocked down Arkansas law barring same-sex marriages . Twenty-one gay and lesbian couples were part of a group of plaintiffs challenging Amendment 83 to the Arkansas Constitution , saying it violated their federal and state rights of equal protection and privacy . Pulaski County Circuit Judge Chris Piazza ruled last Friday in those couples ' favor . But after his decision , it was n't clear whether some same-sex couples could begin getting married immediately . The state Supreme Court weighed in Wednesday , ruling "  the court 's order is not final , and we have no jurisdiction to hear the appeal . " The same court denied the state 's motion for an emergency stay of Piazza 's ruling . Piazza issued what he called a "  final order " on Thursday , in lieu of the Arkansas Supreme Court ruling . On the same day , he issued another document saying "  this court ... can not in good conscience grant " the state 's request for an immediate stay of his decision . "  Constitutional violations are routinely recognized as triggering irreparable harm unless they are promptly remedied , " Piazza wrote , adding that "  there is no evidence " those pushing to continue the state 's same-sex marriage ban "  will be harmed , " but those trying to overturn the prohibition will suffer . The Pulaski Circuit/County Clerk posted links to Piazza 's orders on its website . The same office tweeted Thursday afternoon , soon after the latest rulings : "  The Pulaski Circuit and County Clerk 's Office is open for business and we are issuing marriage licenses to all qualified applicants . " CNN affiliate KARK reported the clerk was then issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . It was not clear what was occurring in other Arkansas counties . A federal judge moved Idaho in that same direction on Tuesday , ruling that state 's laws violated the U.S. Constitution because they "  deny its gay and lesbian citizens the fundamental right to marry and relegate their families to a stigmatized , second-class status without sufficient reason for doing so . " While U.S. Magistrate Judge Candy Wagahoff Dale 's decision striking down Idaho 's same-sex marriage ban was clear , it did n't take effect right away . She stated it would become law at 9 a.m. Friday . That 's where the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals came in , with three judges signing onto a one-line ruling putting off Dale 's decision from going into effect -- at least for now . The appeals judges ruled that Dale 's ruling "  is temporarily stayed pending this court 's disposition of appellants ' emergency motions for a stay pending appeal . " Thursday 's decision from the 9th Circuit appeals court prevents a repeat of what happened in Utah and Michigan , where federal judges similarly struck down those states ' same-sex marriage bans effectively immediately . Higher courts later stayed those decisions on appeal , but not before some same-sex couples married . Same-sex couples marry in Michigan before court halts licenses In recent months , federal judges have found restrictions limiting marriage to one man and one woman to be unconstitutional in several other states . But those rulings did n't take effect immediately , having been stayed as appeals courts and possibly the U.S. Supreme Court weigh in . Appeals court scrutinizes Virginia same-sex marriage ban	An Arkansas judge paves way for same-sex marriages Circuit judge says he is remedying harm A federal appeals court stays a ruling that would allow such marriages in Idaho
CNN  -- Lessons learned from previous successful airliner ditchings helped pilot C.B. "  Sully " Sullenberger save 155 lives when he put his US Airways A320 jetliner down in the Hudson River , a fellow pilot told CNN . An Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 is seen just before it crashes into the sea off the Comoro Islands in 1996 . Twenty-three people died when an Overseas National Airways DC-9 ditched off the Caribbean island of St. Croix in 1970 , and 123 were killed in the crash of an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 767 off the Comoro Islands near Africa in 1996 . But Emilio Corsetti , an Airbus 320 pilot and aviation author , said those ditchings were actually successful "  because people were able to get out " -- 40 in the 1970 crash and 52 in the 1996 incident . More may have survived if those planes were equipped like the Airbus 320 and if passengers followed standard evacuation procedures , Corsetti told CNN . Watch how to survive a plane crash " In fact , Corsetti said , the 1970 crash helped lead to a redesign of seat belts . The belts aboard the DC-9 were "  metal-to-fabric , " Corsetti said , depending upon tension to keep passengers strapped in their seats . "  Those things gave out ... People were thrown out of their seats 10 rows up , " said Corsetti , who has written a book , "  35 Miles from Shore , " about the 1970 crash . On the Hudson River on Thursday , the impact was like "  being inside a car that crashes , " passenger Alberto Panero said . Corsetti also said that the DC-9 did n't have life raft capacity for all those aboard . Unlike the A320 's escape slides , which helped dozens of passengers get out , the DC-9s rafts could hold only three or four . In the 1996 crash , the Ethiopian Airlines 767 was attempting a water landing off the Grand Comoro Island during a hijacking . The plane had run out of fuel . While it is uncertain whether there was a struggle in the cockpit , video shows the 767 nearing the ocean 's surface . As it does , the plane 's left engine hits a reef , Corsetti said , sending it into a cartwheel . He said the majority of the 123 who died drowned . They had put on life vests and inflated them before they could get out of the splintered fuselage , he said , and were trapped against the bulkheads as water filled the wreckage . Sullenberger had other advantages , too , Corsetti said . Putting the jetliner down into the placid Hudson River probably helped him keep the plane level . The DC-9 pilot faced 8 - to 15-foot seas in the 1970 ditching and the Ethiopian jet was dealing with offshore waves . Watch a pilot describe how plane went down " The A320 also is equipped with a ditching button , Corsetti said , which closes all valves below the waterline , enabling it to float more easily . No matter the lessons learned from the earlier crashes , US Airways passengers were happy Sullenberger was in the cockpit Thursday . "  He 's the man ! He 's absolutely the man ! " passenger Vince Spera said . "  If you want to talk to a hero , get a hold of him because that is the hero in this whole deal . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Lessons from 1970 DC-9 ditching into Caribbean , 1996 crash off Comoro Islands DC-9 seat belt failure lead to new design ; jet did n't have enough life rafts Passengers in 1996 crash inflated vests before getting out , were trapped A320s have a "  ditching button " to close valves , allowing jet to float longer
CNN  -- -LSB- CAUTION : Read no further if you 're not up to date on "  Doctor Who . " -RSB- Some critics have called Peter Capaldi 's first season as "  Doctor Who " one of the best since the series relaunched eight years ago , and it looks like it 's ready to go out with a bang . Last week 's episode had one of the greatest twists ever for a television show that started way back in 1963 . It wrapped up a story line involving Missy , a mysterious character who fans of the time traveling series had been seeing since the eighth season started . Missy was revealed as the Doctor 's arch enemy , the Master , having regenerated into a woman with a penchant for Victorian-era fashion . This was just after the Doctor 's companion , Clara , lost her boyfriend , who was in the Master 's clutches . So how will it all end this week ? It has been an emotional , thrilling season to say the least , and CNN spoke to Jenna Coleman  Clara  and Michelle Gomez  the Master  to get the lowdown on what to expect when the season winds down on Saturday -- and of course the big question is , will Coleman be returning for the ninth season ? CNN : First , I have to ask how it 's been working with this new Doctor , Peter Capaldi . Jenna Coleman : It seems to have been received really well , which is lovely . We love working together . What it 's done is it just keeps catapulting the story forward . It 's nice because it 's never had time to settle . The relationship between Clara and the Doctor this series has always been a rocky road . They 're still finding their way . But they have this history -- she 's met all incarnations of the Doctor , so they 've got this bond that 's unbreakable . They are really strong -- it leads to some good drama . Michelle Gomez : I knew Peter through a mutual friend , and Peter and I are from the same part of Scotland in Glasgow . I felt like we knew each other as we share a friend . Coming from the same town , we have the same Glaswegian sense of humor . I remember sitting to his right in the read-through eating a banana , which he liked . We found each other funny , and that helped with bringing fun on the day . Coleman : It 's a very complicated relationship . It 's really intricate but -LSB- Clara -RSB- 's so weaved through each of his lives . It 's not a relationship you can compare to anything else , really . Ultimately they 're best friends , kind of parent to one another , they absolutely annoy each other . It 's a rich , really complicated relationship that I personally love . In theory , it should n't work -- he 's an alien that 's been alive for 2,000 years and she 's a schoolteacher . Across all of that , they have a really strong friendship . Because it 's so offbeat , it 's really charming and unusual . Somehow , they belong together . That 's what I really love about their relationship . Gomez : Finally we have an age-appropriate Doctor -- I feel like I 'm in safe hands . I feel that he 's experienced with his age , maturity and wisdom . I love his attitude , his energy . I find him fascinating -- a multifaceted , contradictory enigma rolled into one . He 's like David Bowie -- he 's more rock and roll . CNN : You have both played characters with big secrets - Clara was "  The Impossible Girl " - have you enjoyed that ? Gomez : It 's been great and I 'm a fan of "  Doctor Who " as well , I 've enjoyed all the different theories , and everyone 's different theories and ideas about who she might be . Coleman : It 's great to hear the theories and keep people guessing . Michelle 's secret -- she 's so bonkers and absolutely brilliant -- she 's my favorite villain we 've had in the show . Her and Peter are just so well matched together . CNN : Do you get recognized by the fans ? Gomez : Sometimes , but hopefully I do n't much resemble Missy , because I do n't dress like that , thank God . Being in Victorian dress can be difficult when you like to eat a lot of pies , and I like to eat a lot of pies . CNN : What about the world tour this past summer ? Coleman : It was such an experience . Peter 's family came and I brought my mom and dad . To suddenly , after all that work in Cardiff , to come out for some air , and to meet people who are so enthusiastic about the show and what they like and do n't like -- it makes you excited to go back and film some more . We 'd often be in a city for 30 hours . It was the closest we 'd ever get to being in a band -- quite a strange band . CNN : What can you tell us about what to expect in the finale ? Coleman : It 's not what you 'd expect . Clara keeps learning how to survive -- hopefully people will cry and be surprised . How general is that for you ? -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Gomez : Even I do n't know what 's happening . We have three different endings , and I have no idea what they 're going with -- I 'm just as excited as everyone else to find out how it turns out . CNN : Will we know at the end of the episode if you 're returning to the show ? Coleman : That is how it 's gon na work . There 's been a lot of secrets this year -- for the sake of -LSB- executive producer -RSB- Steven -LSB- Moffat -RSB- 's brilliant storytelling -- it 's so good to keep people guessing . Back to my first episode , "  Asylum of the Daleks , " the fact that that was a surprise ; it was good to get that shock factor . It 's gon na work out so much better to watch it and see what 's gon na happen . We 're teasing it out , basically . CNN : And finally , a fan on Twitter asked Jenna : Given that you 've been in "  Captain America : The First Avenger " and "  Doctor Who , " would you ever play a superhero given the chance ? Coleman : I 'm buddies with all the superheroes . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Depending on what it was , it would be an awful lot of fun . Clara gets her share of heroic moments , and gets to do stunts . Even though she is just a schoolteacher , I 'm getting my fair share of action stuff . If it 's a good story , then that 's great . I 'd like to do something quite theatrical -- I 'd like to do something bold and big .	The stakes could n't be higher for "  Doctor Who " in the season finale The Doctor 's current companion , Clara , as played by Jenna Coleman , may not stay Michelle Gomez was recently revealed as ...  spoiler alert !
CNN  -- A Miami man who shot and killed his wife during a fight at their home in August and allegedly uploaded a picture of her corpse to his Facebook page told police he was defending himself , officials said . "  I 'm not a killer , " Derek Medina said in an August video released Friday by prosecutors . "  I do not feel that I 'm guilty and I feel like this was self-defense . " Medina , who has pleaded not guilty to second-degree murder , said he and his wife , Jennifer Alonso , were having an argument in the bedroom when "  she started throwing stuff , objects , towards me , " such as towels , mascara , creams , boxes and shoes . "  Anything in the room she could throw at me , " said Medina , who told police he had been an amateur boxer with a 25-0 record . " ... I got hit in the face a few times . " Medina gave these additional details , as outlined in a Miami-Dade Police Department transcript accompanying the video : At one point , he pulled a gun on his wife and told her to stop . After further discussion , he put the gun away and Alonso told him she was leaving him . They talked again downstairs , where she unloaded a volley of punches on him . He fetched the gun again . She pulled a knife . He wrestled it out of her hands and put it in a drawer . Why people share murder , rape on Facebook "  She just started throwing punches like crazy . She was like really attacking me , " he told police . "  Like I was getting out of the way and got hit in the arm and she was like going for my temple . " Medina told police that Alonso threatend to kill him with a knife , but he disarmed her . He told police Alonso also said she would have someone kill him . Medina said as the fight continued , he shot his wife "  six to eight times . " Medina told police he suffered injuries from his wife 's pushing and punching . According to authorities , Medina wrote on Facebook , "  Im going to prison or death sentence for killing my wife love you guys miss you guys take care Facebook people you will see me in the news . " The gruesome image of Alonso stayed online and was passed along for at least five hours . Facebook was notified of the content and employees removed the picture and disabled the pages of Medina and his slain wife . An autopsy report released on Thursday said Alonso suffered gunshot wounds to her left forearm . Some of the bullets traveled at a downward angle , with one bullet entering her right chin , lodging in her back at the right side of her ribs . Gunpowder residue was found on her left hand and forearm , and the right side of her neck and chin . Seven bullets and two bullet fragments were recovered . Journalist Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Husband : "  I feel like this was self-defense " Facebook image of wife 's body was online for hours "  She just started throwing punches like crazy , " husband says
Surabaya , Indonesia  CNN  The world 's fourth-most populated country , Indonesia has about 250 million people . Any of them might have boarded AirAsia Flight QZ8501 , never to come home . Seven crew members and 155 passengers were aboard -- almost one-third from the same Christian denomination . There was no single reason that members of Mawar Sharon , a Protestant faith with about 45,000 members around Indonesia , got on the AirAsia Airbus plane Sunday , beyond a common desire to get to Singapore in time for New Year 's Eve . They were n't heading to one event . They did n't all necessarily know one another , having attended services at different churches mostly around Surabaya , the Indonesian city where the commercial airliner took off . Still , their religion tied them together . And pastor Lianggone Tejo Bunarto says he hopes that those shared beliefs help their loved ones cope now , as the search for more crash victims continues in the Java Sea . As Bunarto says , "  We 're putting trust in God 's hands . " Pastor : ` Put our trust ' in God 's will About 50 people with relatives on QZ8501 spent part of Friday afternoon inside a special church for police officers in Surabaya . It was n't a Mawar Sharon church ; it was chosen because it 's near the hospital where recovered bodies are being identified . But it served the same purpose : to allow the grieving to congregate , to reflect and to voice their beliefs . So they did , holding their hands high at times , holding each other 's hands in prayers at others . They sang , the anguish in their faces starkly evident . Afterward , church members preferred not to talk to reporters . But Bunarto , who is a pastor to some of those on Flight QZ8501 , did . He acknowledges the struggles these Mawar Sharon members , not to mention scores of other families , are facing . They may not understand why the plane went down . They may have trouble waiting for definitive word that their loved ones have been recovered , if that ever happens . And , despite their fervent faith , they might not grasp God 's role in all of it . Bunarto says , "  Some things that happen in our lives , sometimes we just do n't understand what God really intends . " That does n't mean they lose faith . According to the pastor , "  We just put our trust -- everything , completely -- in his will . Because he 's going to bring everything  that is  the best in our life . " CNN 's Gary Tuchman reported from Surabaya , as did CNN 's Dominique Van Heerden . Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	Pastor : 46 members of the Mawar Sharon denomination were on AirAsia Flight QZ8501 In all , 162 people were aboard the plane , which went down Sunday en route to Singapore Relatives of those on the plane gather for a service near an Indonesian hospital
CNN  -- Dan Wheldon brought a bit of England with him when he began driving extremely fast cars in the United States . "  When I first started racing , a lot of the guys said that I raced with a lot of heart , occasionally not my head , but always with a lot of heart , like the way that Richard the Lionheart fought in battle , " Wheldon wrote on a sponsor 's blog in 2010 . Wheldon placed a small mural of the 12th-century warrior king on his helmet in 1995 , before he competed in America , and eventually released "  Lionheart , " a biographical photo book . Sunday , Wheldon 's fellow IndyCar drivers remembered the heart , competitiveness and growing maturity of the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner , who died in a horrific multi-car wreck at a Las Vegas event . Wheldon dies in 15-car pileup A shaken Dario Franchitti , speaking after the canceled Las Vegas Indy 300 , said "  one minute you 're joking around ... the next , Dan 's gone . " "  We can put so much pressure on ourselves to win races and championships and it 's what we love to do , " said Franchitti , who knew Wheldon since he was a child . "  And it 's what we live for . And then on days like today , it does n't really matter . I lost , we lost ... a good friend . " Franchitti recalled Wheldon 's early IndyCar years . "  He was kind of brash , but he was a charmer , " Franchitti said . "  He became this loving family guy . He was still charming , but he had this whole new side to him . " Wheldon 's death must be a catalyst for change Wheldon , 33 , left behind his wife , Susie , and two young boys , Sebastian and Oliver . They live in St. Petersburg , Florida . Born in Emberton , England , Wheldon raced go-karts at the age of 4 . His father was a go-kart racer and his mother was the timer at a local track . He was an IndyCar rookie in 2003 and won his first Indianapolis 500 two years later . Superstitious , the driver as an adult would tap his race car three times before getting in on the non-gear stick side , according to his IndyCar bio . After his second Indy 500 victory in May , Wheldon talked with CNN 's "  American Morning " about serving as a spokesman for the Alzheimer 's Association . His mother was diagnosed with the disease in 2009 . Sunday , drivers in Las Vegas did a five-lap salute in Wheldon 's memory . "  Amazing Grace " played as the drivers slowly wound their way around the track . The driver 's father-in-law , Sven Behm , told CNN North Carolina affiliate WGHP that he told Wheldon to have a safe race . The competitor assured him vehicles , which routinely reached speeds in excess of 225 miles per hour , had been made safer in recent years . "  He was n't just a great driver , " said Behm . "  But he was a great human being . He was always very positive . " CNN "  World Sport " anchor Patrick Snell said "  Dan Wheldon is a character . ... Extremely popular . Huge respect from his peers . " "  There is no question that the world of motorsports has lost one of its favorite sons , " Snell said Sunday night . Twitter reaction to Wheldon 's death Wheldon 's tragic passing on Sunday prompted some of motorsport 's biggest names to take to Twitter in order to express their condolences and admiration for the British racer . Marco Andretti made his IndyCar debut in 2006 and the Andretti Autosport driver spoke of his admiration for Wheldon , using his official @MarcoAndretti account to say : "  I looked up to you both as a racing driver and a person/friend . You will be forever missed . RIP Dan Wheldon . " Will Power was one of the drivers involved in the multi-car crash which took Wheldon 's life . The Australian Team Penske driver said : "  Such a sad day ... to lose a champion like Dan Wheldon ... my thoughts and prayers are with Susie -LSB- Wheldon 's wife -RSB- and his kids . " Danica Patrick became the first woman to win an IndyCar race in 2008 and the 29-year-old tweeted : "  There are no words for today . Myself and so many others are devastated . I pray for suzi and the kids that god will give them strength . " Jimmie Johnson is a five-time NASCAR champion who survived a big crash of his own at the Sprint Cup in Charlotte , North Carolina over the weekend . "  My thoughts and prayers go out to the Wheldon family ... My heart hurts for all of the IRL community , " the Hendrick Motorsports driver said . Wheldon 's compatriots in Formula One paid their respects , with 2008 drivers ' champion Lewis Hamilton saying : " As a British guy , who not only went over to the States but who twice won the Indy 500 , he was an inspirational guy , and someone that every racing driver looked up to with respect and admiration . "  This is a tragic loss at such a young age . My heart goes out to his family and friends during this extremely difficult time . " Hamilton 's McLaren teammate and 2009 F1 world champion Jenson Button also reflected on Wheldon 's passing : "  I have so many good memories of racing with Dan in the early '90s , a true fighter . We 've lost a legend in our sport but also a great guy ... "  I ca n't begin to imagine what his family are going through and my thoughts are with them at this very difficult time . " Brazilian Emerson Fittipaldi is a former Indy500 winner and two-time F1 champion who witnessed numerous fatalities during over two decades in motorsport . "  I have seen many fine men/racers leave us prematurely over my lifetime , it is an unfortunate part of our sport Godspeed Dan Wheldon , " tweeted the 64-year-old . The reaction was not just confined to race car drivers , with stars from across the world of sport using social media to pay their own tributes to Wheldon . Manchester United and England footballer Wayne Rooney said : "  Sad news about Dan Wheldon . RIP . News like this puts everything into perspective . " Miami Heat 's two-time NBA Most Valuable Player LeBron James expressed his sadness at seeing a fellow sportsman lose his life in such a tragic manner . "  Prayers goes out to his whole family ! I do n't know him personally but he was well respected in his sport . We are all one GIANT family , " tweeted James , 26 .	Two-time Indy 500 winner was killed Sunday at Las Vegas race Born in England , he likened himself to Richard the Lionheart He also was a bit superstitious Driver recalls Dan Wheldon 's growing maturity , love of family
CNN  -- Formula One legend Alain Prost has just "  one big regret " -- his portrayal in an award winning film about his arch rival -- the late , great Ayrton Senna . Four-time world champion Prost battled the Brazilian for title supremacy while they both drove for McLaren with their rivalry reaching its peak in the finale to the 1989 and 1990 seasons So much so that incidents on the first corner of races at Suzuka in Japan saw the pair force each other off the road . Prost was the beneficiary in 1989 after Senna , who was able to carry on , was controversially disqualified to give the Frenchman the world championship . Twelve months on , Senna 's ruthless move on Prost , who had quit McLaren to drive for Ferrari , gave him the crown in a reversal of fortunes and left the men at odds . Prost , who won his final world title in 1993 , had retired by the time Senna was killed at Imola in the San Marino GP of 1994 . Fateful weekend No one has died in F1 racing since that fateful weekend and it provided the producers of the movie with a chilling conclusion which left many film goers in tears as they left cinemas . But Prost , who co-operated on the award winning film "  Senna " , is unhappy that his subsequent reconciliation with Senna is not featured . "  The only regret that I have in my career is to see this kind of film that we are having on Ayrton , " he told CNN in an exclusive interview for The Circuit . "  You need to tell everything right , correct , and you need to accept that you can have some qualities , some faults and one can not be white and the other black . "  I am very disappointed about that because it would have been good at my age to have shown to the people , to the world , that it was a little bit different . "  But for me , inside me , I know what happened , I know the story , I know how Ayrton was just before his accident after I retired , I keep that for me . " Senna scriptwriter Manish Pandey defended Prost 's portrayal in the film but admitted it was "  very , very diffficult to compress those 10 years  of the F1 legend 's career  into 100 minutes . " He told CNN : "  Alain  Prost  was very kind in giving us time and we put seven examples of reconciliation between him and Ayrton at the end of the film . " Biggest regret Pandey also revealed that they had tried their best to insert a video clip of a lap by Senna in which he drove the Imola track and did a commentary for French TV station TF1  for whom Alain was broadcasting  saying ' "  To my friend , Alain . We miss you Alain . " But the clip was muffled and unusable in the context of the end of the film , he claimed . In a doubly tragic weekend for F1 back in 1994 at that Imola race , Austrian driver Roland Ratzenberger had been killed in qualifying on the Saturday . Senna drove in the race with a small Austrian flag in his race suit , which he was going to wave to honor Ratzenberger , at the finish to show the unity of F1 . "  If we omitted something , it was this more than anything else . And we tried to get it in , but the footage was n't there , " Pandey said . "  Sporting rivalries , who did what to whom , who was disqualified , who won a trophy - all of that pales into utter insignificance in the context of the bigger story . "  Senna is not a film about a sporting rivalry , because we would have called it ` Senna vs Prost ' and started it later and ended it earlier , if it was . The rivalry was an important element in our story - but it was just one of many . " Prost is still intensely proud of the era which saw the pair dominate F1 racing . "  Today if you say Prost you say Senna . It is part of the F1 history and in my opinion is maybe the best years . " Different characters In a recent poll by CNN , Prost was mentioned in dispatches by viewers in our quest to find the greatest F1 driver of all time , with Senna and Argentine maestro Juan Manuel Fangio acknowledged as the best of their eras . Prost believes that he and Senna were unwittingly the victims of their own success and did not receive the protection they deserved from the media and sponsors . "  We were very much exposed , " said the Frenchman . "  We had a lot of people who were very interested , very motivated to have this kind of story . "  We did not realize that at the time . We just wanted to win but we had different characters and a different way of thinking and racing . " Despite the obvious dangers , Prost would not swap his experiences with those who make up the modern day F1 grid . "  If you are racing like today with almost no risk and you can continue until you are 44 or 45 years old like Michael  Schumacher  , for sure it is tempting . "  You need to remember that there was a very bad period when you went out on a Sunday morning and say what 's going to happen today ? "  Am I going to be able to come back because we had very bad accidents , very regularly . "  I would have loved to have driven in this period , working with the engineers on the technical side , but no , I prefer my period . " But Prost remains deeply unhappy about the balance of the Senna film and in particular the closing moments . Greatest drivers "  What I regret is that our story was more than sport , it was also human , " he told CNN . For all that , Pandey is convinced they did the story justice in a balanced and fair way "  Look at their body language after Ayrton 's last win at Adelaide in '93 -- warm , all smiles , a tap on the knee . Then the coming together on the podium . Then Alain 's disbelief after the accident . "  Then Alain , clearly in shock , drinking a cup of water . Alain is the last and , in a way , the most important person to cross himself at Ayrton 's coffin - the sadness all over his face , the badge on his lapel clearly marked ` A '  A for ` Amigo ' , friend  - and Alain is the main pallbearer . "  Finally , we end by saying that Alain is a trustee of the foundation . "	Alain Prost 's portrayal in film ` Senna ' his biggest regret Prost and Senna were arch rivals while driving for McLaren Prost says they had made up their differences by the time Senna died Film 's producers defend their editorial judgments
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- The FBI wants to question two men who were described as behaving oddly on a Washington state ferry earlier this summer . The FBI wants to speak with these two men seen on a ferry in Washington state earlier this summer . Members of the public and ferry workers reported the men to authorities after the two were seen pacing in areas of the boat , including a cargo hold , as if trying to measure distances , FBI Special Agent Larry Carr said Tuesday . The men were also seen about two months ago taking photographs of the ferries -- including restricted areas -- and studying an emergency evacuation poster . The men were spotted on multiple ferries and ferry routes , Carr said . The FBI wants to question the men to determine if their behavior was harmless or whether they were surveilling the ferries and ferry terminals for nefarious purposes . A ferry worker snapped photos of the men using a cell phone camera and gave the stills to law enforcement . The photos were shown to police and ferry workers , but no one could identify the men , so authorities called on the public for help . Pictures of the men have appeared in media outlets for more than a week . None of the 200 tips that have come in so far has led investigators to the men . Some news organizations have refused to publish the photos , saying the men have not been accused of a crime . It appears the men could be of Middle Eastern origin . Although the initial FBI news release on the men did not discuss their possible ethnicity , "  We just want to ensure that there is just one standard being implemented for suspicious behavior for both people who appear to be Middle Eastern and those who appear not to be Middle Eastern , " said Naseem Tuffaha of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee . Carr said the FBI made the photos public because "  the result of not doing anything at that point in time is a ferry blowing up and thousands of people losing their lives . We ca n't let that happen . " More than 25,000 people commute daily through the Seattle Ferry Terminal and more than 9 million people travel through the terminal annually , according to the Washington State Department of Transportation web site . But various FBI officials have stressed the agency is acting out of an abundance of caution and that the men seen on the ferry could have a logical and harmless explanation for what they were doing . Robbie Burroughs , also with the FBI in Seattle , said the ferry system could be an attractive target to terrorists . "  Here the ferries are the equivalent of subways , so we are cautious , " Burroughs said last week when the effort to identify the men began . Since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , U.S. law enforcement has emphasized the need for the public to report suspicious behavior . Many such reports turn out to be nothing of concern . However , seizures of al Qaeda materials overseas have turned up reconnaissance photos taken in the United States . E-mail to a friend CNN Homeland Security correspondent Jeanne Meserve and senior producer Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	FBI : Two men seen taking photos of Washington ferries , pacing a cargo hold FBI asking public to help find men so agents can question them Some media refuse to run photos of the men , saying men not accused of crime In Seattle "  ferries are the equivalent of subways , " official says
CNN  -- The flight down was n't too bad , a little bumpy , but it went up and came down just fine . U.N. peacekeeper force commander General Martin Luther Agwai When Sarah called the local office about permission to film , she got an earful of abuse . The official wanted nothing to do with us . I was n't too worried yet , we 'd made it to Darfur and we 'd be with U.N. peacekeepers , UNAMID and for the most part out of the way of government officials . The next day the surprises began . We were in Darfur , we were with the U.N. , but there was almost nothing we could shoot . It soon became clear why . The U.N. was in virtual lockdown . It turned out that even as we were leaving Khartoum to fly down to Darfur , rebels were attacking the outskirts of the city . In news terms , we were in the wrong place . It was immensely frustrating being in the same country as significant breaking news , but unable to get to it . We filmed what we could around the base and made the best of a bad situation by doing a few live shots with details about the attack gleaned from our sources . My frustration began to dissipate fairly quickly the following day . I realized we might have been in the wrong place to see the attack but we were in exactly the right place to see how the Sudanese government controlled the U.N. peacekeepers . For the most part they did n't go out and their Force Commander General Martin Luther Agwai was grounded . That morning we went to the airport to join Agwai on a flight . When we got there Sudanese officials there said the U.N. could n't fly even though commercial aircraft were free to come and go as they needed . It 's when you stand there face-to-face with the situation and the people responsible that you see who has the power , who calls the shots . The U.N. was powerless . That was a real eye-opener , but it was still a challenge to get it across on TV . We could n't pull the camera out and shoot the whole sequence . The story was , the general could n't work , and as the general was our story , if he was n't doing anything we had nothing to shoot -- a sort of catch-22 . Fortunately cameraman Scottie is an old hand at these situations and we 'd gone in prepared . I had my radio microphone , so I could leave Scottie in the vehicle shooting me while I wandered around outside and he could still pick up what I was saying . No one would be any the wiser . We sneaked in a few reports at the gates to the airport that way . It made us feel better to be getting something in the can . The rest of the day was to be even more interesting . As we could n't go anywhere , we were able to get more briefs and shoot a few interviews . I was starting to learn things that were shocking me . Not least , that the U.N. had no power over the Sudanese government , but , for example , some of the female gate guards the U.N. employed were from the displacement camps . Fair enough , I thought , until I found out their husbands were away fighting for the rebels . The U.N. was effectively freeing men to keep the war going by supporting their families . That night when we got back to our house , I wrote of list of everything shocking I 'd learned that day . I would be adding to it for the rest of my stay . For example , rebels recruit in aid camps . Sometimes people in the camps wo n't let the aid workers in . And one that really caught me by surprise : The international community had been paying rebels millions of dollars to abide by a 2006 cease-fire agreement . Many rebels had splintered their groups to get a bigger chunk of the cash . Admittedly that as over now , but Agwai saw it as one of the root causes of the increasing lawlessness . Rebels with a taste for cash turning to banditry when money handouts dried up . It was making me realize just how complex the problems in Darfur are . I knew that I was getting far more detail than I could ever hope to fit in to the half-hour program we planned , never mind a short news story . But at the same time I felt a huge responsibility . We 'd been afforded very rare access . The name CNN helps open doors . We really needed to find out as much as we reasonably and safely could in the time available . At times like this our unspoken contract with our audience comes to mind . We are their eyes and ears , to open a window on a situation and let them decide what they make of it . Not prejudice our reports with our own preconceptions of the story and put the camera down when we think we 've got enough to call it a day based on what we thought already , but to be thorough . In Darfur , as elsewhere , we are witnesses to history . The innocent victims here have no other voice other than ours . Only we are able to tell the world what 's happening here . When I read that back it sounds a bit pompous , high and mighty , but as our time with the peacekeepers and aid workers was to show , they walk a political and diplomatic tightrope . If they speak out about the terrible injustices they see , they risk hampering their operations , hurting supplies and help for the people they are trying to protect . We felt for General Agwai . In the time we spent with him it 's clear he 's being let down by the international community . The politics of his job -- that is , China 's call at the U.N. Security Council to give Sudan an effective veto over which troops can come -- meant he was never going to get the strongest force the world could supply . But then , like him , I was left wondering despite that huge set back why then could n't he get a single one of the 24 helicopters he 'd been promised . I ca n't tell you the private conversations we had but they left me feeling a man with very good intentions is having the toughest time of his life . I certainly did n't envy him his job .	Rebels attack outskirts of Khartoum as CNN arrives in Darfur U.N. powerless as operations under lockdown Details emerge of international payments to keep rebels from fighting
CNN  -- Protests in Tunisia turned violent and deadly Saturday , just over six weeks after a popular uprising forced the president out of office , and lit a spark of desire for democratic reform in parts of Africa and the Middle East . Three people were killed Saturday and nine others injured during mayhem in the capital , Tunis , according to a Interior Ministry statement cited by the state-run news agency , Tunis Afrique Presse  TAP  . More than 100 people were arrested , the ministry said , in the area around Habib Bourguiba Avenue , in the city 's center , accused of "  acts of destruction and burning . " Protesters had gathered in the area to demand that the interim government step down and the current parliament be disbanded . Demonstrators were also asking for suspension of the current constitution and the election of an assembly that can write a new one , as well as organize the transition to democracy . Several people infiltrated peaceful demonstrators in the Tunisian capital "  to commit acts of disturbance , burning and looting , " according to TAP , which also reported that a cylinder of liquefied petroleum gas exploded in front of a building along the avenue . There are rumors in Tunis that the violence was perpetrated by people who are still loyal to ousted President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali and want to spread chaos and nostalgia for the old regime . Similar violence broke out in the same area on Friday night as well , according to TAP . The agency cites an Interior Ministry source that claims acts of vandalism and destruction along the avenue resulted in injuries to 21 policemen . Protests in Tunisia erupted late last year . Fed up with corruption , unemployment and escalating prices of food , people began demonstrating en masse after the self-immolation suicide of a fruit cart vendor in December . By January 13 , Ben Ali -- who had ruled Tunisia since 1987 -- turned executive power over to his prime minister and fled the country . Journalist Zied Mhirsi contributed to this report	Three people are dead and nine injured after violence erupts at Tunis demonstration More than 100 are arrested , accused of "  acts of destruction and burning " Protesters want the prime minister and parliament to resign Protesters want assembly to write new constitution and oversee democratic transition
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A reporter for Newsweek magazine who was arrested in Tehran has confessed to doing the bidding of Western governments , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported Wednesday . Newsweek says Maziar Bahari has been reporting for years without bias and beyond reproach . Maziar Bahari , 42 , made his alleged confession at a news conference Tuesday . Because international journalists have been limited in their ability to gather news in Iran , CNN has not been able to confirm the agency report . Fars reported that the Canadian-Iranian reporter who had worked for the BBC and England 's Channel 4 network admitted having filed false reports for Newsweek during the elections -- a charge the magazine rejected . "  He has been reporting for years without any possible hint of bias and beyond reproach , " Newsweek Paris Bureau Chief Chris Dickey told CNN . "  We think he 's one of the best reporters in the business . " He called the report "  preposterous . " Dickey said Bahari had not been allowed to speak with a lawyer or with his family since his arrest on June 21 . "  The Western media are part of the capitalist machinery and liberal democratic governments of the West , " Bahari reportedly said . "  When a Western reporter comes to Iran , like a politician or specialist , he will be made to fit into the Western complex . For that person , the interests of the Westerners , who take advantage of every occasion to stand against Iran , are of utmost importance . " The Fars News Agency account adds that most Western news outlets oppose Iran , but that the Ministry of Information scrutinizes reporters ' work , minimizing any harm they might do . Bahari reportedly said Iranian reporters can be tempted by offers of money from Western news organizations to report for them . "  Unfortunately , sometimes we fall prey to mistakes , wrong feelings and we become greedy , thus falling into the traps of the foreigners , " he said , according to the news agency transcript . In their alleged attempt to foment revolution in Iran , journalists ' efforts began two months before the election , according to the account attributed to Bahari : "  The first step was to propagate the thought of questioning religious authority and maintain that the Islamic Republic of Iran has no popular support and then they said that , under the shadow of such a system , the voting process would be rigged and much hard work went into making this thought a reality in peoples ' minds . " Hassiba Hadj-Sahraoui of Amnesty International rejected Bahari 's alleged confession , calling it part of the Islamic Republic 's effort to intimidate the opposition and blame Western powers for the post-election chaos . "  We know from people we 've talked to that people have been forced to make confessions on TV where they are supposed to have acted on instigation of foreign powers , " she said . Indeed , Iran 's state-run Press TV has broadcast interviews with people who said they were guilt-ridden protesters who wanted to unburden themselves by confessing that the Western media had made them act as they did . Bahari is not the only reporter said to have confessed , according to Reporters Without Borders , which last week condemned "  a parade of Iranian demonstrators being shown on state-run TV confessing to having protested at the behest of foreign media . " The reporters all used the same words : "  I admit that I demonstrated under the influence of the BBC , the radio Voice of America and other foreign media , " according to the advocacy group . Watch about the dangers of reporting in Iran " In a posting on his Web site , former President Mahmoud Khatami accused the government of having restricted communications in the country . "  The state-owned media outlet shows the same scenes over and over again , in order to provoke people 's feelings , " he said . "  Where was this media outlet when tens of people were killed and hundreds of people beaten ? " He added , "  The majority of those arrested are the political activists , journalists and attorneys , who now , unbelievably are pressured , as foreign agents , to falsely confess in television spectacles . " Reporters Without Borders said that 28 journalists -- including about 20 who work for a newspaper owned by opposition presidential candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi -- have been arrested since the election . "  Arresting an entire editorial staff is totally unprecedented , " Reporters Without Borders said . Questioned about the arrest of foreign journalists during demonstrations , the intelligence minister , Mohseni Ejehi , said that "  one or two people who came to gather secret information were arrested , but not as journalists . One of them had his equipment confiscated and he is now the subject of an investigation . " Reporters are not the only people at risk . Amnesty International said as many as 1,000 people have disappeared since the June 12 election . With his purported confession , Bahari is no longer among them . "  We 're very happy that they 've acknowledged responsibility for holding him , " Newsweek 's Dickey said . "  And we hope very much that they will understand that it is in everybody 's interest to release him as soon as possible . "	Maziar Bahari , 42 , makes his alleged confession at a news conference Tuesday Report according to the semi-official Fars News Agency CNN can not confirm since foreign reporters restricted in news gathering in Iran Newsweek says Bahari reports without bias and beyond reproach
CNN  -- Several Israeli government websites appeared to crash as anti-Israeli hackers launched cyberattacks Sunday , but Israeli hackers also claimed their own victory . The website that promoted the "  OpIsrael " cyberattacks was itself hacked . Instead of anti-Israeli messages , it was playing Israel 's national anthem , "  Hatikvah . " A group calling itself Anonymous Arab said in a YouTube video posted last week its cyberattack plan would come in three phases . "  Step one will be initiated after the release of this message and will be comprised of systematically removing the Zionist entity from the Internet , " a speaker said in Arabic . The video shows a masked person appearing to read . "  Step two , we will discover your future plans and show your crimes against humanity to the whole world , " the speaker said . " "  And as for step three , well think of this one as a present from Anonymous to you . " It concluded : "  We are Anonymous . We are legion . We do not forgive . Expect us . " The websites for Israel 's Knesset and elections agency appeared to be down Sunday . Yitzhak Ben Yisrael , the head of the Israel 's Â National Cyber Directorate , downplayed the effects of the cyberattacks in an interview Sunday with Israel Radio . "  As was expected , up until now there has been no real damage , and the hackers do n't have the tools to cause damage to the vital infrastructures , " Yisrael said . CNN 's Michael Schwarz and Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Websites for Israel 's Knesset and elections agency appeared to be down Sunday Cyberattackers ' own website was itself hacked ; it played Israel 's national anthem Hackers can do "  no real damage , " Israeli cyberchief says Group called Anonymous Arab announced attack plan last week
CNN  -- Vowing to keep fighting for his son Trayvon -- even after the man who killed him , George Zimmerman , was acquitted of murder -- Tracy Martin said Wednesday that his family wants to turn "  negative energy " surrounding their plight "  into a positive . " "  There 's nothing that we can do to bring Trayvon Martin back , " Tracy Martin said in Washington . "  But if there 's something that we can do ... to help other families from going through this , then we 're here . " Martin spoke at a Capitol Hill forum entitled , "  The Status of Black Males : Ensuring Our Boys Mature Into Strong Men , " which is the first such event run by the Congressional Caucus on Black Men and Boys . The group 's co-chair , Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton , explained the forum aimed to address "  issues ... spread across the spectrum of the life of black males in America today , clothed in stereotypes from their years as boys , as youth , and finally as men . " "  We seek a society that does not define black men and boys , but allows African-American men and boys to define themselves as individuals , " said Holmes Norton , who is a nonvoting member of Congress representing the District of Columbia . The evening of February 26 , 2012 , Trayvon Martin was walking back from a convenience store to the Sanford , Florida , home of his father 's fiancee when he got into a confrontation with Zimmerman . The 17-year-old ended up dead , a shooting Zimmerman argued was in self-defense . The case soon captivated the nation 's attention , shining a light on matters such as race and gun laws , including when or if a person should be able to legally shoot another . Tens of thousands attended rallies demanding Zimmerman 's arrest and accused him of wrongly profiling Martin as a troublemaker . Many more people were glued to their televisions during Zimmerman 's second-degree murder trial . That trial ended with a not guilty verdict late on Saturday , July 13 , vindicating Zimmerman 's supporters , who believed his actions were understandable for a man who feared for his life . This sentiment was n't shared by many at Wednesday 's event on Capitol Hill . Still , Holmes Norton said she hopes Martin 's story -- which she said has "  focused attention on black males as nothing else has in decades " -- will compel Americans to rethink how they look at black boys and men . Zimmerman helps family out of overturned SUV One of those is Trayvon Martin himself , whom Tracy Martin said has had "  his name slandered and demonized . " "  My message to the world  is  that we wo n't let this verdict sum up who Trayvon was , " the father said . "  I vow to do everything in my power not to give up my fight for him . " Central to that effort is the Trayvon Martin Foundation , which was founded in March 2012 by Tracy Martin and Trayvon 's mother , Sybrina Fulton . According to its website , the nonprofit group 's purpose is to "  create awareness of how violent crime impacts the families of the victims and to provide support and advocacy for those families . " Harkening back to his own child 's violent death , Tracy Martin said Wednesday that he hopes parents , mentors and others nationwide will ask themselves what they can do "  to prevent this from happening to your child . " "  We 've taken that negative energy ... and we 're trying to turn it into a positive , " Tracy Martin said , referring to the uproar over his son 's death and later Zimmerman 's acquittal . "  What we can do tomorrow -- as a nation , as a people -- to stop someone else 's child from being killed is certainly a positive . "	Trayvon Martin 's father speaks at a Capitol Hill event run by members of Congress Tracy Martin says he wo n't "  give up my fight for " his son , who he says was "  demonized " The father says his family wants "  to help other families from going through " what they did
On the streets of Nigeria , we bear witness to what many see as a bold decision on fuel subsidies is also uncovering decades of frustration and corruption . On the heels of re-election , President Goodluck Jonathan lifted fuel subsides on petrol in an effort to cut $ 8 billion a year from the government 's budget . Petrol was artificially low at U.S. 45 cents a liter and -- not surprisingly -- prices doubled overnight , both at the pump and on the black market . Economists suggest the New Year 's resolution pushed through by the president was the correct policy to implement on paper , but politics is eventually determined by what happens on the street . And the "  street " right now is crying foul . Nigerians launched a nationwide strike on Monday . Some protests over the end of fuel subsidies were marred by clashes that left 16 people dead and 205 injured , according to a tally collected Tuesday by the Nigerian Red Cross . Nigerians are worn down by inherent corruption . The harsh reality is that despite being in the big league of oil producers with reserves of 36 billion barrels , the country rank , according to the IMF , is 133rd in the world when it comes to per capita income -- the lowest performance of a country with this level of natural resources . That per capita income ranking is just above its poor status in Transparency International 's corruption index where Nigeria took the 143rd position in 2011 alongside Belarus , Togo , Russia and Mauritania . This is a tale of two Nigerias -- one that has garnered $ 67 billion of foreign direct investment , growing at 7-8 % a year , and being singled out by Goldman Sachs as being one of the "  Next-11 " economies . Jim O'Neill coined that phrase to group together the next promising bunch of highly populated , fast growing economies for the early part of the 21st Century . Nigeria is known as a lower-middle income economy , a powerful voice within OPEC and the African Union , but a frontier market classification because of the political risk and poor rankings on corruption surveys . Nigeria 's status as a "  Next-11 " economy must seem a world away from the 57 % of Nigerians who still live on less than $ 2 a day , according to the World Bank . Nigerians struggle to cope with notoriously poor infrastructure , with electricity in short supply and power cuts still commonplace . "  At the moment Nigeria 's electricity generation officially is about similar to what Narita airport in Japan does and consumes , " said Charlie Robertson of the emerging market investment group Renaissance Capital , "  So Nigeria 's growing , booming 7-8 percent even with so little electricity . If they could electricity reform done too , this could be a boom story for a decade . " That is a big "  if " and certainly why Nigerians have taken to the street . President Jonathan faces backlash because the population view subsidies as the only benefit it gets from the vast hydrocarbon resources . Many are asking a simple question : Will the money being saved from fuel subsides be spent wisely ? The track record is not a promising one . According to the World Bank , 80 % of the oil wealth has really only benefited 1 % of the population . It is worth noting , there are other , big complications . This is a country that remains divided between north and south along religious lines . The president this week suggested the Islamic sect Boko Haram has supporters within the government , creating tensions amongst the ranks of his cabinet . A spate of church bombings in December adds another level of uncertainty for a government that says it wants to continue to pursue reforms . President Jonathan was given a mandate with his second term to deliver change and make the country an attractive destination for foreign investment . What Nigerians who are protesting are saying , it should be an attractive place to live day-to-day as well .	Nigeria lifted fuel subsides on petrol in an effort to cut $ 8 billion a year The deadly protests erupted as gas prices suddenly doubled Nigeria is considered by Goldman Sachs an emerging economy with attractive growth Most Nigerians , however , survive on less than U.S. $ 2 a day
New Delhi  CNN  -- An Indian fast-track court on Monday began hearing the case of five men charged in the gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in New Delhi , the latest step in a case that has appalled and transfixed India . The five adult suspects in the December 16 incident appeared at the hearing . But details about what was said in court can not be reported under a judge 's ruling imposing restrictions on coverage of the case . The suspects are alleged to have attacked the woman and her male companion on a bus , robbed them and dumped them by the side of the road . The woman , badly injured in the attack , died two weeks later despite being flown to Singapore for treatment . Her companion survived . The five men are charged with murder , rape and kidnapping and could face the death penalty if convicted . A sixth suspect , who is believed to be too young to be tried as an adult , is facing proceedings in a juvenile court . Indian rape debate : Why death penalty is no solution The case is being heard in a "  fast-track " court , which India introduced to try to expedite cases in a justice system bogged down by red tape . It means sessions of the trial , once it begins , should take place nearly every working day until a verdict is reached . The hearing Monday was a procedural step at which the charge sheet detailing prosecutors ' accusations against the suspects was submitted . The trial will begin once the prosecution 's arguments are made in court . The next hearing is scheduled for Thursday , according to defense lawyers . On Tuesday , the Supreme Court is due to hear a plea from the lawyer of one of the accused to shift the trial outside of New Delhi . The magistrates ' court that initially heard the case imposed restrictions on what the news media can report about events in court . That practice is common in rape cases in India , and the magistrate said it was also necessary to protect the suspects ' safety amid intense media coverage and widespread anger . The case has prompted rallies in cites across India and an uproar over the treatment of women . Authorities have not released the name of the woman , but Indian protesters have been calling her Damini , which means "  lightning " in Hindi . "  Damini " is also a 1993 Bollywood film whose lead female character fights for a housemaid , a victim of sexual assault . The government has pledged to strengthen laws against sexual assaults after the outrage over the case . The events have also focused the attention of the Indian news media on attacks against women around the huge country . Newspapers and television stations have been reporting other shocking rape allegations on an almost daily basis . The number of reported rapes in India -- a country where a cultural stigma keeps many victims from reporting the crime -- has increased from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . Most women in India have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , the Indian Council on Global Relations says . Rape case ` an awakening ' for India , victim 's father says India rape victim 's family wants hospital in her village Companion of India rape victim : I begged attackers to stop	NEW : Five adult suspects accused of raping and killing a woman appear in court NEW : Media outlets can not report details of what happened at the hearing NEW : The Supreme Court will hear a request to move the case outside New Delhi The 23-year-old victim died following the alleged attack on a bus in December
CNN  -- Have you noticed that homelessness is n't worse ? Here we are , living through the most protracted joblessness crisis since the Great Depression -- and surprisingly , fewer people are living on the street . The federal Department of Housing and Urban Development reported that the number of the chronically homeless declined by 30 % between 2005 and 2007 . You might have expected the numbers to spike again when the financial crisis hit but no . Since 2007 , the number of chronic homeless has dropped another 19 % . A broader measure of the number of homeless counts the number of people living out of doors on one randomly chosen night . That broader measure has also improved through the economic crisis . Between January 2011 and January 2012 , homelessness among veterans dropped by 7 % . To what or whom do we owe this good news ? In very large part , we owe it to the president whose library opened in Dallas last week : George W. Bush . For three decades , we have debated what causes homelessness and how to deal with it . Is homelessness a mental health problem ? A substance abuse problem ? A problem caused by gentrification and urban redevelopment ? Or something else again ? The Bush administration substituted a much simpler idea -- an idea that happened to work . Whatever the cause of homelessness , the solution is ... a home . In 2002 , Bush appointed a new national homeless policy czar , Philip Mangano . A former music agent imbued with the religious philosophy of St. Francis of Assisi , Mangano was seized by an idea pioneered by New York University psychiatrist Sam Tsemberis : "  housing first . " The "  housing first " concept urges authorities to concentrate resources on the hardest cases -- to move them into housing immediately -- and only to worry about the other problems of the homeless after they first have a roof over their heads . A 2004 profile in The Atlantic nicely summarized Tsemberis ' ideas : "  Offer them  the homeless  the apartment first , he believes , and you do n't need to spend years , and service dollars , winning their trust . " Many old school homeless advocates resisted Mangano 's approach . They were impelled by two main objections : 1 . They believed that homelessness was just the most extreme form of a problem faced by low-income people generally -- a lack of affordable housing for low-income people . Focusing resources on the nation 's hardest cases would  these advocates feared  distract the federal government from the bigger project of subsidizing better housing for millions of people who did not literally live in the streets . 2 . By 2002 , the nation had been worrying about homelessness for several decades . Countless programs from state and local agencies responded to some separate part of the problem ; tens of thousands of people earned their livings in those state and local agencies , disposing of massive budgets . "  Housing first " threatened to disrupt this vast industry . "  Housing first " was comparatively cheap , for one thing : a homeless shelter might look squalid , but it cost a great deal to operate -- more , oftentimes , than a proper apartment with kitchen and bath . The transition to "  housing first " threatened jobs and budgets across the country . There was only one counterargument to these objections : "  Housing first " worked . It worked from the start , and it worked fast . It worked so well that the Obama administration has now claimed the approach as its own , even keeping Mangano on the job for the first weeks of the new administration . Bush remains one of the more controversial and less popular ex-presidents . But if in the next days you happen to walk down a city street , take a moment to notice how many men or women are sleeping there . Results will vary from place to place , but on average , there are probably fewer than half as many as a decade ago . The job is not completed yet . But for the first time since the 1970s , the abolition of homelessness has become a real and near possibility . Whatever else you think of the 43rd president , that achievement is part of Bush 's legacy , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Despite the Great Recession , fewer people are living on the street Frum : Why is n't homelessness getting worse ? Because of the policies of George W. Bush He says under Bush the simple solution of providing a home  "  housing first "  worked Frum : Abolition of homelessness has become a real possibility , thanks to Bush
CNN  -- Greek physician Hippocrates was the first to use the words "  carcinos " and "  carcinoma " in 400 BC to describe tumors , which led to the term "  cancer " being coined . Greek physician Hippocrates was the first to use the words "  carcinos " and "  carcinoma " to describe tumors , which led to the term ` cancer . " Since his day , medical advances in the treatment of cancer have evolved significantly . Below we chart some of the key moments in the battle against cancer . 1890 -- William Stewart Halsted , the first professor of surgery at Johns Hopkins , Harvard , and Yale , performs the first mastectomy to treat breast cancer . 1895 -- Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen discovers X-ray radiation , which makes the detection of tumors in the body much easier and non-invasive . Later in 1899 , Tage Anton Ultimus Sjogren becomes the first person to successfully treat cancer with X-rays . 1896 -- Removal of the ovaries is performed for the first time to treat breast cancer . 1898 -- Marie and Pierre Curie discover radium and later use it to treat tumors . 1900 -- Thor Stenbeck cures a patient with skin cancer using small doses of daily radiation therapy . This technique is later referred to as fractionated radiation therapy . 1900s -- Dr. George Papanicolaou invents the Pap smear test after his findings suggest that vaginal cell smears reveal the presence of cancer . 1943 -- The first electron linear accelerator is designed for radiation therapy . Today , it is widely used for treatment of cancer . Late 1960s -- Lars Leksell develops the Gamma Knife -- a radiosurgical tool that uses a high dose of radiation to eradicate cancerous cells . 1964 -- The Epstein-Barr virus is linked to human cancer for the first time . 1974 -- Dr. Lawrence Einhorn finds a cure for advanced testicular cancer . This changes the cure rate from 5 percent to 60 percent . 1975 -- Scientists Georges Kohler and Cesar Milstein develop tailor-made antibodies in large quantities in a laboratory , leading to ways of attacking cancer and diagnosing disease . They go on to win the Nobel Prize in 1984 . 1976 -- Michael Bishop and Harold Varmus discover oncogene , a gene that , when mutated or expressed at high levels , helps turn a normal cell into a cancer cell . They win the 1989 Nobel Prize . 1980s -- Anti-nausea drugs are developed to suppress the side effects of chemotherapy . 1991 -- The U.S. Human Genome project begins . The first gene transfers in humans also take place in that same year . 1998 -- Tamoxifen , a drug that helps reduce the risks of breast cancer by half in women is approved for wide use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration  FDA  . 2004 -- The FDA approves Avastin , a monoclonal antibody that restricts tumor growth by blocking the formation of new blood vessels for the treatment of metastatic cancer . 2007 -- The FDA approves Nexavar , an oral inhibitor for liver cancer . This is the only drug approved for liver cancer . 2008 -- German scientist Harald zur Hausen wins a Nobel Prize for his research that found that oncogenic human papilloma virus , or HPV , causes cervical cancer , the second most common cancer among women . He made the discovery in the early 1980s . Sources : Emory University , Cure Today , Britannia.com CNN intern Priyanka Deladia contributed to this report	Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen discovers X-ray radiation in 1895 Lars Leksell develops the Gamma Knife in 1960s Anti-nausea drugs to suppress chemotherapy side effects created in 80s German scientist Harald zur Hausen wins a Nobel Prize in 2008 for HPV work
CNN  -- You may remember the episode of "  Seinfeld " in which George Costanza struggles to find a way to break up with the woman he 's dating without hurting her feelings . "  It 's not you , " he tells her . "  It 's me . " After decades of saying gay people were depraved and deviant , a bunch of dangerous predators out to recruit children and destroy families , in the last few years those opposed to equal rights for gay people have retreated to a very different message . It 's not you , they tell gay Americans . It 's us . It 's true that you can still find some people on the fringe who will rail against homosexuality as an inherent evil . But watch the mainstream debate , from newspapers to television to the Supreme Court , and what you see are conservatives arguing that the problem is n't gay people themselves , it 's how straight people are affected by them . Five things we learned from the arguments Opponents of gay marriage want everyone to know that they are n't motivated by bigotry , only by a concern for straight people with tender feelings and fragile marriages . We saw this at the Supreme Court on Wednesday , when Chief Justice John Roberts tried to argue that the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act was n't actually motivated by any disapproval of gay people . He seemed incredulous at the very idea when it was brought up by the attorneys seeking to overturn DOMA . "  So that was the view of the 84 senators who voted in favor of it and the president who signed it ? " he asked repeatedly . "  They were motivated by animus ? " Opinion : Chief justice reveals he 's fed up with Obama The chief justice has a short memory . Back in 1996 , those pushing for DOMA were quite forthright about what they thought about gay people . "  I come from a district in Oklahoma who has very profound beliefs that homosexuality is wrong , " said Tom Coburn , now a U.S. Senator and then a member of the House . "  What they believe is , is that homosexuality is immoral , that it is based on perversion , that it is based on lust ... We hear about diversity , but we do not hear about perversity . " His Oklahoma colleague Steve Largent said , "  No culture that has ever embraced homosexuality has survived . " During oral arguments in the DOMA case , Justice Elena Kagan read from a 1996 House Judiciary Committee report on the bill , which said in part , "  Civil laws that permit only heterosexual marriage reflect and honor a collective moral judgment about human sexuality . This judgment entails both moral disapproval of homosexuality , and a moral conviction that heterosexuality better comports with traditional  especially Judeo-Christian  morality . " That kind of rhetoric was common in 1996 , but you do n't hear it coming from members of Congress much anymore . Why should n't gay people be allowed to serve openly in the military ? The answer , they say , is n't because gay soldiers , sailors , airmen and marines wo n't do their jobs well . It 's because the straight ones will feel uncomfortable if they have to be in close quarters with gay comrades . It 's not about gay service members ' performance , it 's about the feelings of straight service members  and if you 're wondering why we have n't heard too much about the end of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " it 's because it turned out that straight military personnel could handle it just fine  . Opinion : Bigotry drags marriage back to Supreme Court The marriage debate has followed the same course . Opponents of gay rights used to argue that gay people were promiscuous and sexually debauched . But when it turned out that many of them just want to join in stable , permanent family commitments , that argument no longer made much sense . So now opponents say the problem is n't the gay marriages themselves , it 's the effect those marriages will have on straight marriages . What , in particular , will that effect be ? Opponents of marriage equality are having difficulty saying , but it seems they believe that if marriage is "  devalued " by being open to gay couples , straight people will start ignoring their children , cheating on one another and getting divorced . Opinion : Is 2013 the ` Year of the Gay ' ? Here again , they have retreated to ground that is increasingly difficult to defend . They now argue that the only real purpose of marriage is to rear children biologically related to both parents , a rather pinched definition . When Justice Kagan asked during oral arguments on Proposition 8 whether , if that was the case , it would be constitutional for a state to ban anyone over 55 from being married , the attorney defending the initiative said no , because marriages between older heterosexuals still foster "  the marital norm , which imposes the obligations of fidelity and monogamy , " which "  make it less likely that either party to that marriage will engage in irresponsible procreative conduct outside of that marriage . " In other words , existing marriage laws discourage people from cheating on their spouses , but if you let gay people get married , the whole country will turn into an episode of "  Desperate Housewives , " with husbands and wives jumping in and out of their neighbors ' beds willy-nilly . Opinion : How gay rights went mainstream If that sounds ridiculous to you , you 're absolutely right . But that 's where "  It 's not you , it 's me " eventually leads . If you want to argue that gay rights have to be restricted because of how heterosexuals will react , then you end up saying not only that straight people are frightened of gays and ready to abandon their spouses at the slightest provocation , but that those personal feelings and weaknesses deserve legal protection . At this point , that 's about all opponents of gay rights have left . They do n't want to sound like bigots , so they 've almost stopped talking about gay people entirely . It 's not you , they say , it 's us . Well , they 're right about that . Just maybe not in the way they think . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Waldman .	Paul Waldman : Opponents of marriage equality say they are n't motivated by bigotry Waldman : They argue that gay marriage may adversely affect straight marriage He says in the military , for example , the end of "  Do n't Ask Do n't Tell " did n't cause problems Waldman : The "  It 's not you , it 's me " argument is ridiculous and all opponents have left
CNN  -- A team from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology won $ 40,000 in a high-tech scavenger hunt on Saturday by discovering the location of 10 red weather balloons . The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency announced that the MIT team was the first group in the contest to report the latitude and longitude coordinates of all 10 balloons , which were scattered across the United States . DARPA is the U.S. military 's research arm . Saturday 's challenge is the latest in a series that the agency has hosted since 2004 . This contest was designed to test the way social networking and lesser-known Web-based techniques can help accomplish a large-scale , time-critical task . DARPA said in a written statement that the MIT team discovered the locations of the 8-foot-wide balloons less than nine hours after they launched , around 10 a.m. ET . It did not say exactly when the task was completed or how many groups had participated . Johanna Jones , a spokeswoman for DARPA , said the hunt was designed in part to give the military new ideas on ways to operate in a range of situations , from natural disasters to combat . The agency said it plans to meet with teams to discuss their approaches and strategies used to build networks , collect information , and participate in the contest . The challenge was announced on October 29 -- 40 years after the first message was sent on ARPANET , the precursor to the Internet . DARPA said it hopes the contest will lead to advances in the way the military communicates and coordinates activities among multiple geographically separated groups . On MIT 's Web site , a link was posted inviting people to sign up to help find the balloons and urging them to invite their friends . It said the MIT Red Balloon Challenge Team "  is interested in studying information flow in social networks , so if we win , we 're giving all the money away to the people who help us find the balloons ! " It detailed a chain for giving away the money , beginning with $ 2,000 given to each person who first sent in the coordinates of each balloon . iReporter on balloon challenge "  We 're giving $ 2,000 per balloon to the first person to send us the correct coordinates , but that 's not all -- we 're also giving $ 1,000 to the person who invited them . Then we 're giving $ 500 whoever invited the inviter , and $ 250 to whoever invited them , and so on ... " it said . It was not immediately clear how many people participated for MIT . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	MIT team was first to discover the locations of 10 balloons scattered across U.S. Contest tested use of Web-based techniques to achieve time-critical tasks Challenge was announced on anniversary of first message sent on Internet 's precursor DARPA : Winning team discovered balloons ' locations less than nine hours after launch
Beijing  CNN  -- Walking down the streets of Beijing , it 's hard to avoid seeing red slogans lining the sidewalks . Switching on a TV at home , almost every channel hosts a gala show performed on a red-colored stage . Such things are all part of a country-wide "  red " campaign that China has promoted for several months in preparation for its big red-letter day , July 1 . On that day , the Communist Party of China  CPC  celebrates its 90th birthday . The campaign ranges from impromptu singing sessions of "  red songs " in city squares to touching personal stories of "  red stars " in Chinese newspapers ; from showing red movies in theaters to red tours of former party leaders ' hometowns . A focus of the campaign has been on historical sites of the Revolution . According to CCTV , more than 8 billion yuan  US$ 1.2 billion  has been spent sprucing up famous places like Mao Zedong 's hometown since 2004 , and thousands of young professionals are encouraged to visit these sites . In his hometown , Mao a source of pride In Beijing , preparation for the big day is intense . A giant emblem of the Communist Party , the hammer and sickle , was erected at the heart of Tiananmen Square . Huge flower displays of the number 90 are at all major intersections . Banners with slogans congratulating the Party 's achievement hang at pedestrian overpasses . ` Red Songs ' campaign The current fervor originated in Chongqing when Bo Xilai became the Party chief of China 's biggest city . The municipality launched its "  red song " campaign in June 2008 as the start of the Red Culture Movement . Bo promoted 45 red songs "  by any means necessary , " hoping they would replace pop songs in the hearts of the people . "  Red songs " refers to the pro-revolutionary songs that were popular during the country 's revolution , reconstruction and reform period , according to Xinhua news agency which quoted music professor Fan Zhuyin . Soon , the red song movement took one step further in Chongqing . The Chongqing satellite TV station suspended all crime shows and soap operas during prime hours TO show classic revolutionary dramas and musicals instead . It did n't take long for Chongqing , in the south-west , to earn the nickname "  Tomato , " or "  Xi Hong Shi " in Chinese -- the same pronunciation as "  west red city " . Nostalgia The Chinese central government praised the red song movement as a wonderful example , encouraging other cities to follow suit . And they did . More and more organized singing and Red competitions are happening in all different corners of China . "  I could sing these songs in the past and they can be dated back to my childhood , " 62-year-old Lu Zhichun told CNN in Beijing . "  My feelings toward these songs have not changed at all . " Lu and a group of senior citizens gather in Beijing 's Jingshan Park once a week to sing red songs . They said that all the red songs give them a sense of nostalgia . "  The government would like to see the nostalgia of the revolutionary era through songs many can identify as a means of increasing social cohesion , " explains Wenran Jiang , associate professor at University of Alberta in Canada . Communists , 90 years later , still fighting corruption "  It hopes that people can unite under common themes of building a better society , a strong country with the CPC still as its leadership in the many decades ahead , " Jiang says . Painful flashbacks But to some Chinese , the red culture movement is not just another political campaign of the government . The feverish propaganda style and the enthusiasm it requires many painful flashbacks to Mao 's Cultural Revolution and the ensuing political violence where tens of thousands died . Blogger Kun Yun Shan Fang wrote recently , "  Today 's red song movement , to many people , brings back pain and trauma , and memories of being senseless and crazy which remind me of our wasted youth . " The red campaign has given rise to a heated debate on Mao 's legacy . The 82-year-old economist Mao Yushi  no relation to Mao Zedong  declared in an article last month that Mao was one of the last century 's greatest murderers and should no longer be regarded as a god by the Chinese people . In response , conservative website garnered more than 50,000 signatures for a petition to have Mao Yushi prosecuted , and they have sent the petition to the National People 's Congress , China 's parliament . At the recent press conference , when asked whether red song chorales springing up nationwide indicate an ideological return to the past , Wang Xiaohui , a senior official at the CPC Central Committee , said the red song fever does not signal an ideological shift . Read more of CNN 's China coverage He Bing , a law professor at the Chinese University of Political Science and Law posted a critical comment that has been circulated all over the Chinese web : "  This is a very absurd time : they encourage you to sing revolutionary songs , but do n't encourage you to have a revolution ; they encourage you to see the movie ` The Founding of the Party , ' but do n't encourage you to found a party . " "  It is an obvious effort by the CPC to mobilize popular support in Chinese society at the 90th anniversary . It is further intended to boost the CPC 's legitimacy before next year 's party congress when younger and less known leaders take over , " said Wenfang Tang , professor at the University of Iowa . "  What will be interesting to observe is how the younger generations  post-1980  react to such a propaganda campaign , " Tang says . "  Their attitude toward the CCP is the key to China 's political future , " Tang explains . Michelle Philips contributed to this report .	Months-long campaign has promoted "  red " culture throughout county Campaign comes ahead of celebrations of the Communist Party 's 90th birthday on July 1 Campaign has included sessions of "  red " songs in city squares , showing of "  red " movies Government is said to be hoping the nostalgia of the revolutionary era will increase social cohesion
We 're used to seeing manufacturer tags that read "  Made in the USA , " "  Made in Taiwan " or "  Made in ... " just about anywhere on the globe . But this week , for the first time , an item can read "  Made in Space . " The International Space Station 's 3-D printer created the first object to be made in orbit on Tuesday . The U.S. space agency released a picture of astronaut Barry "  Butch " Wilmore holding the newly printed piece , a white printer part emblazoned with the words "  Made in Space " and "  NASA . " It 's not just a novelty . "  There are many challenges about living and working in space , including when a part or a tool is broken or simply is not working correctly , and the spare part is 200 miles away , here on the surface of the Earth , " said Bill Hubscher of NASA 's ISS Program Science Office at Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama , in a video posted on NASA.gov . "  Explorers traveling to Mars or to asteroids will face these same challenges , " but they wo n't be able to get goods from a resupply ship , he said . NASA 's International Space Station 3-D printer project manager Niki Werkheiser says it 's a historic achievement because it allows engineers "  to e-mail our hardware to space instead of launching it . " Humans on Mars by 2035 ? NASA 's sci-fi dream could be reality "  Since the inception of the human space program , we have been completely dependent on launching every single thing we need from Earth to space , " said Werkheiser in the video . 3-D printers work by applying layer upon layer of heated plastic . But how do pieces made in space compare with those made on Earth ? Do the layers bond differently without Earth 's gravity ? That 's a question scientists hope to answer next year when the samples are returned to Earth on a SpaceX Dragon capsule . Before the 3-D printer flew to the space lab in September , the team printed a complete set of sample items here on Earth to be used as ground control samples . It 'll be an "  apples-to-apples comparison , " said NASA 's Werkheiser . "  Made in Space " is n't just the printer faceplate 's manufacturing location . It 's the name of the California-based company that designed and built the space station 's 3-D printer with NASA 's guidance , and it was Made in Space engineers on the ground who commanded the printer for this week 's demonstration of 3-D printing prowess in microgravity .	International Space Station 's 3-D printer has created the first object to be made in orbit The object is a white printer part emblazoned with the words "  Made in Space " and "  NASA " This could open up space travel as not every object used will need to be launched from Earth
Berlin  CNN  -- Germany 's electoral map has many colors in comparison to the red and blue of America , yet on both sides of the Atlantic , battleground state elections can portend change on the national level . Voters in North Rhine-Westphalia  NRW  , Germany 's most populous state , go to the polls this Sunday , and what they decide will set the tone for German federal politics just as citizen sentiments in bellwethers such as Ohio or Pennsylvania affect the balance of power in Washington DC . In turn , Brussels will be watching because Germany is the power broker within the EU -- and this will not be the first time that NRW has caused Europe to pause while German political parties jockeyed to govern in a region that generates nearly 4 % of EU GDP . The state has many large cities with a population density to match Tokyo , and nearly a quarter of Germany 's top 100 companies are based there . When NRW voters went to the polls in 2010 Europe was on their minds . The Greek drama was unfolding but the German government -- consisting of Chancellor Angela Merkel 's conservative Christian Democratic Party  CDU  and its junior partner , the Liberals  FDP  -- tactically delayed any action until after the vote in NRW . Nonetheless , the Social Democrats  SPD  and Greens came back into power in the form of a minority government . Because a budget could not be passed this March the legislature was dissolved and NRW will again hold a vote , this time with Greece confronting an exit from the eurozone and other EU nations choked with debt and high unemployment . This week 's state election will also be a referendum on Chancellor Merkel 's handling of the Euro crisis . Although Chancellor Merkel has governed since 2005 , first in a grand coalition with the Social Democrats  SPD  and then with the CDU 's dream partner , the FDP , since 2009 , and although she consistently tops popularity polls among her peers ; Germany has seen the winds of change in a number of state elections over the past two years . The North Rhine-Westphalia electoral results will have pundits and pollsters predicting its significance for the capital . NRW is an election to watch for trends and disruptions in German politics . In the short term , the first question will be whether or not the governing coalition will last until the next federal election scheduled for the fall of 2013 . After all , Chancellor Merkel can thank the 2005 NRW election for ushering the CDU back into federal government one year sooner than hoped for . NRW was a traditional stronghold for the SPD , and after many decades serving as a governing party , the Social Democrats along with the Greens were voted out in favor of the CDU and FDP . As a result , Chancellor Schroeder tried to consolidate power in the midst of internal struggles within his own party due to reform under Agenda 2010 . At the time , Germany was suffering high unemployment and sluggish growth . Agenda 2010 was a plan to jump-start the country 's social market economy with tax cuts and entitlement reductions . Chancellor Schroeder called for a snap election that year and a few months later found himself handing over the keys to the Chancellery to Angela Merkel . Today , many would agree that Germany 's current economic strength is linked to the belt-tightening and painful measures undertaken in the name of Agenda 2010 . Moreover , the 2005 NRW election introduced an era of fragmentation and disenchantment in the German political landscape . The 2005 NRW election gave rise to the Left , exhibited low voter turnout , and left the traditional catch-all parties straddling right-and-left of center . These trends happened again during the federal election a few months later and consequently it took nearly two months for Germany to form a government . One can only imagine the amount of coalition wrangling during the next federal election with yet another political party on the scene -- the Pirate Party . So far , the Pirate Party , which made its debut during the Berlin state election last September , seems to have a singular focus on the interne . But the subject of transparency is also on the agenda and has struck a chord with German voters . When one hand does n't suffice to count the number of political parties in Germany , anticipate instability within Europe 's powerhouse . Voters in North Rhine-Westphalia wo n't experience automated calls or be asked to donate over the internet , but the votes they cast will have an impact on the future course of Germany and its role within Europe . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sudha David-Wilp	Sudha David-Wilp says the North Rhine-Westphalia  NRW  vote can portend national change Brussels will be watching because Germany is the power broker with the EU , she says David-Wilp : The appearance of new parties could herald instability within Germany She adds that the NRW vote will have an impact on Germany 's future role in Europe
CNN  If you think "  my teen would never sext , " you might be mistaken . And if you think the only teens who sext are the ones engaging in high-risk behaviors , like drinking , using drugs or skipping school , keep reading . Studies suggest that sexting is more common than many parents might realize or want to admit . More than half the undergraduate students who took part in an anonymous online survey said they sent sexually suggestive texts when they were teenagers , according to the study by Drexel University , which was published last year by the Journal of Sexuality Research and Social Policy . Nearly 30 % said they included photos in their sexts , and an astonishing 61 % did not know that sending nude photos via text could be considered child pornography . Another study , this one by the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston , found that while students who admitted sexting were 32 % more likely to report having sex the next year , sexting by teenagers was not linked to risky sexual behavior over time . The study , published in the journal Pediatrics , found that teens who sexted were not more likely to have multiple sexual partners , use drugs or alcohol before sex or not use birth control . Sexting may be the new "  normal ' when it comes to adolescent sexual behavior , the study concluded . "  There are now a few pieces of research , which are sort of converging on the same finding , namely that this is not a rare behavior , " said Elizabeth Englander , a professor of psychology at Bridgewater State University and director of the Massachusetts Aggression Reduction Center . "  I 'm not saying that it 's healthy or that it 's harmless , but it 's not a situation where kids who are depressed are doing this or kids who have very bad self-esteem are doing it , " said Englander , who researched sexting , as well as a host of other teenager behaviors , for her recent book "  Bullying and Cyberbullying . " "  It appears to be widespread . It 's engaged in by many kids who are functioning well and not having problems and it 's not very unusual or rare . " You 're probably thinking : "  I check my kids ' phones . No sexting happening in this household . " But there are plenty of apps teens can use to send messages their parents ca n't find later . Snapchat , Cyber Dust , VaporChat and others allow users to send messages that disappear on both the sender and recipient 's phones after a certain period of time . These apps are used by kids and adults alike to send a variety of messages -- from perfectly harmless to potentially dangerous . Brutally Honest : Is it OK to spy on your kids ? Diana Graber , who teaches "  cyber civics " to middle schoolers in Aliso Viejo , California , was blown away by the response she got from eighth graders when she , for the first time , included a session on sexting . When she asked her students if they knew what a sext was , everyone in the class said they did , but what they did n't know was what the penalties for sending a sext could be , including how it could be prosecuted as a felony under child pornography laws in some states . "  They had no idea what the consequences were , " said Graber , co-founder of CyberWise.org , a digital literacy site for parents , educators , and tweens and teens . "  I mean that was a complete surprise to literally all 28 kids , so it occurred to me that no one 's ever bothered to tell these kids they could n't do that . " Graber said she experienced another first that day . A few students wanted to hang around after the class , which is held at the end of the school day , to talk more about sexting and related things . "  That 's never happened to me before with this class ... and I realized that I had created a safe space for them to talk about something that was super relevant to their lives . " She now plans to make it part of her "  cyber civics " curriculum , and believes parents and educators need to be talking to kids at even younger ages about sexting . It should be part of sex education , she said . "  We know that throwing the book at them , it 's too much too late , so that 's not working , " said Graber , who offers tips for parents on how to help children have safe online relationships . "  It 's very normal teenage behavior ... and we need to get with the times and get ahead of the problem , and just have these very easy to have discussions . " Englander , the psychology professor and researcher , says in her experience , it 's not that adults are n't warning teens about the criminal consequences for underage sexting or how devastating it could be to a teen if their nude photo became public . The problem , she says , is kids do n't hear the warnings because the reality does n't fit them . In a online article , she used an example of telling someone to use a seat belt because half the car rides in the country result in someone going through the windshield . Since half of car rides do n't result in someone going through the windshield , a person might not listen to that warning , she says . "  If you want to convince somebody that something is a danger , you have to convince them that you know what you 're talking about , " said Englander . "  So you ca n't say to kids ` Oh , you are going to go to jail if you sext . ' It 's not 100 % impossible but even in the early cases of sexting , when  law enforcement  did prosecute kids , they did n't go to jail . " "  People have a hard time with this . It 's not that I 'm saying we should n't teach kids that child pornography is a crime . It is a crime , but if we emphasize that that 's the big danger then we 've lost our audience . " Englander said what she is most troubled by is not how widespread sexting might be but how teens feel after they sext , especially if they felt pressured to do it . In her own research , she said she found that 92 % of the teens who said they were not pressured to sext reported no problems afterward , but that number is only 68 % for teens who felt pressured into doing it . "  They felt crummy afterwards , " said Englander . "  That was actually the most common result , that they just felt worse . " Lori Cunningham , founder of Well Connected Mom , a site specializing in simplifying technology for families , said parents need to remind their children about their own self-worth . "  And that no matter how tempting it is to want to be ` liked ' by someone , they are worth more than degrading themselves for someone else 's enjoyment , " said Cunningham , a mom of two in Los Angeles . "  If parents are n't having this conversation , their kids could be going through some tremendous pressure . " Cunningham also says parents need to be actively involved in their children 's online lives . In an eBook , she outlines the points parents should go over with their child when they get a phone , including setting up a contract so they understand their phone will be monitored . "  Phones are a privilege , not a right . They should only be given to kids with the expectation that mom or dad will be checking it on a daily basis . " What all the experts believe is that parents and educators should be talking to kids about obeying the law , protecting their privacy and reputation , and respecting everyone 's right to keep their bodies private , but also their own values about the issue . "  Your kids can go into these things knowing absolutely nothing , having no idea of what you think is right or wrong , having no idea of the facts or you can talk to them about it . Those are the only two choices , " said Englander . "  I do n't think in today 's world you can assume that they 're never going to run across sexting , they 're never going to see it , they 're never going to know it happens . " "  That 's a big assumption to make . "	Sexting is more common than parents might realize , studies suggest Teens can hide texts they send using apps like Snapchat , CyberDust and VaporChat
Washington  CNN  -- As Republican candidates attack one another on the campaign trail , Republican outside spending groups are taking aim at President Barack Obama over failed energy company Solyndra . Given such easy targets as the poor state of the economy and mortgage foreclosures , why take aim at Obama on Solyndra ? Both parties view Obama 's ethical standards and his personal likability among his greatest strengths with voters , and deep-pocketed GOP groups want to change that image . They see Solyndra as a way to erode the president 's brand as ethical and honest . Since the fall , two Republican outside spending groups have collectively spent $ 9.4 million on four ads attacking Obama for his administration 's $ 535 million loan to Solyndra . The ads accuse the president of being part of "  typical Washington " and engaged in "  politics as usual . " The latest assault , a 30-second spot by Karl Rove-advised Crossroads GPS , says the Obama "  gave his political backers billions . " At first look , the ads seem to challenge the president over spending and the role that government should play in the economy . But they also make a more emotional appeal , attempting to imprint in voters ' minds that the Obama of 2012 is not the same candidate who ran in 2008 on the promise to "  drain the swamp " in Washington . Put simply , the ads seek to undermine the perception that Obama is an ethical politician . Tim Phillips , president of Americans for Prosperity , which spent $ 8.4 million airing Solyndra-themed ads , said , "  We have a president who proclaimed he was going to be different , and it turns out he is not . He is just the same old , same old we 've seen from politicians in both parties over the years . " Phillips said the administration "  has not lived up to its own lofty rhetoric " and believes the president "  is using tax dollars by the bushel-full to promote his ideology , an ideology that leads to cronyism . " Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney has picked up on theme , telling a Jacksonville , Florida , crowd Monday : "  He practices something I call crony capitalism , and instead of it being driven by the market and consumers , it 's driven by politicians . " This strategy is what you 'd call attacking a perceived strength . A November ABC News/Washington Post poll suggested that 57 % of Americans believe the president is honest and ethical . And operatives on both sides of the aisle acknowledge that Obama remains well-liked personally even when his job performance numbers are low . Some operatives say that could count for a point or two in a close race and could be meaningful in November . Steven Law , CEO and president of American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS , explained that voters who are still impressionable include independents , "  soft " Democrats and Republicans who voted for Obama in 2008 but now "  feel a deep sense of disappointment . " Law said his research shows while this group of voters believes the president is "  not up to the job , " they 're still "  looking for signs of success " and "  want to validate their decision " to vote for him . At the same time , he says Obama "  is starting to own part of the D.C. dysfunction " and these voters "  fault  the president  for failing to clean up Washington . " That 's where these ads come in . "  When  the president  says he wants to change rules of game to help people , what it looks like is Solyndra , " Law said . "  It reminds people that his interventions lead to failure and poor results and wasting money . " As the president tries to run away from Washington , these ads attempt to anchor him in the swamp . All this is not lost on the Obama campaign . The Solyndra ad war prompted the Obama team to play defense . Its first ad of the election was a spot reacting to Americans for Prosperity 's Solyndra ads , calling them "  ads  that  fact checkers say are not tethered to the facts . " The Obama campaign ad continues , "  Independent watchdogs call this president 's record on ethics unprecedented " and "  President Obama kept his promise to toughen ethics rules and strengthen America 's energy economy . " Despite this seemingly defensive posture , Democratic operatives are adamant the president 's record on ethics -- dating back to his days in the Illinois Legislature -- makes him unshakable on this count and Republican groups can throw millions at him without making a dent . Expect those millions to flow . The groups plan to keep their messaging -- they call it "  advocacy " -- going . Together , Americans for Prosperity , American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS raised more than $ 100 million in 2011 .	Republican outside groups have spent $ 9.4 million on ads critical of President Barack Obama Ads accuse Obama of being part of "  typical Washington " and engaged in "  politics as usual " Strategy attempts to erode public 's belief that Obama is honest and ethical Democrats : GOP groups can throw millions at Obama without making a dent
CNN  -- The September issue of Essence magazine features an interview with Sen. Barack Obama and his family inside their Chicago home . Angela Burt-Murray is editor-in-chief of Essence magazine . Essence editor-in-chief Angela Burt-Murray said it took a year for the magazine to gain access to the Obama 's Illinois home for an intimate interview with the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee , his wife , Michelle , and their daughters , Sasha and Malia . Burt-Murray talked Thursday with CNN "  American Morning " anchor Kiran Chetry about the interview and the Obama family . Chetry : You are the first African-American media outlet to get this inside look . Did your team get a chance to see the real Obamas ? Burt-Murray : I think we did . We went to their home on the South Side of Chicago and it was wonderful to see them as a family interacting with each other , and see the girls skipping around the house , just acting like it 's a normal , everyday occurrence to have a camera crew in their home and Secret Service at different points throughout the house and around the yard . But it did n't really seem to impact the girls in any way . Watch what Essence found inside the Obamas ' home " Chetry : Much was made of an earlier televised interview they with their daughters and they said , looking back , they probably should n't have done that . There is so much interest about their family , and yet they want to protect their girls . How do they balance that ? Burt-Murray : They try to take a look at who is around the family and make sure they try to keep things as structured as possible . But also , you have instances where magazines like Essence show up to take photographs , but the girls are very relaxed because they 're in their home environment . And I think that 's the difference between our photo shoot and what you saw on television . Taking the girls outside of their home and putting them in the spotlight is probably a bit more challenging for them as parents . Chetry : They have to deal with completing stereotypes , if you will : They were parodied as these angry black radicals and as these Ivy League elitists . In the magazine , Gwen Ifill wrote , "  The Obamas pride themselves on creating a family picture that is authentically black with shades of Norman Rockwell . " Explain that . How are they getting that image out . Burt-Murray : I think it 's the idea that they 're just an average American family . They have strong family values , they 're deeply rooted in their community and they want to show their girls a great example of achievement . But they also want to be a model for the rest of their community . The Obamas talk about in our story how important it is for them to continue to live in their South Side Chicago neighborhood because it 's a neighborhood in transition . So you have children who have the opportunity to see an African-American man run for the highest office in the nation right in their neighborhood . So they 're modeling not only for their children but also for the larger community . Chetry : They do live in a gated community , a $ 1.6 million home , so it 's out of reach for a lot of people . Burt-Murray : But it 's so accessible . While we were there photographing them for Essence , you could see the cars going by and stopping and people getting out to take photographs . The girls were on the porch and people could see them . There is some normalcy there , but it 's also obviously something very special and different . Chetry : They said race had been prominent on the campaign trail . Barack Obama told Gwen Ifill that he thinks race is a national obsession . He thinks the racial divide is not as big an issue in this country as it 's made out to be . Burt-Murray : As evidenced by the success that he 's had with his campaign , you can certainly see that attitudes are shifting . But there are still challenges , obviously , that need to be addressed . And it keeps coming up throughout the campaign . So it will be interesting to see what happens when the country goes to the polls in November .	Essence magazine interviews senator , wife and children in Chicago home Editor says candidate , Michelle Obama try to keep daughters ' life normal Obamas have strong family values , roots in community , Angela Burt-Murray says
CNN  -- On Sunday night Miley Cyrus put on a performance at MTV 's Video Music Awards that appeared specifically contrived to elicit controversy and , by Monday morning , sure enough the controversy had arrived . For those who missed it  and in fact I missed it until compelled to watch it on YouTube due to the controversy  , Cyrus put on a performance that ranged from simply bizarre to crudely offensive , with plenty of twerking and rude gestures with a foam hand more reminiscent of a drunken frat party than good art . Such a performance is bait , and I use that term on purpose , for the more sanctimonious set to thunder about the degradation of our society . Outraged parents : Miley , what were you thinking ? As if on cue , the Parents Television Council , a nonprofit "  watchdog " group and perennial foil of naughty media everywhere , issued a press release condemning the VMAs , which , of course , succeeded in little more than drawing more attention to them . The council called also for legislation that would allow viewers to select cable stations buffet-style rather than getting stuck with multiple channels they do n't want . I 'm actually sympathetic to this kind of a la carte cable system  although adult viewers should have the opportunity to select more adult-oriented channels if they wish and efforts to scrub cable clean seem nannyish  . On the other hand , if you went in watching the VMAs , particularly with Lady Gaga headlining , with no clue you might see something shocking , you went in uninformed . First , let 's put things in perspective . Were elements of the VMAs artistically dubious and in poor taste , particularly if you  somehow  did n't see it coming ? Absolutely . Are they the end of civilization as we know it ? Absolutely not . Opinion : Miley is sexual -- get over it Although it 's common to imply that media images such as these are harmful to minors , evidence for this has been inconsistent at best . Two early studies linked watching sexy media with small increases in the likelihood of initiating sex earlier in the teen years . However , psychologists Laurence Steinberg and Kathryn Monahan reanalyzed one of the datasets and found that , with other variables properly controlled , the influence of sexy media was negligible . And we must remember that , though explicit media are probably more available now than at any time in history , teens have been having sex later than in previous generations , and becoming pregnant less often . We have to be careful not to mix moral outrage , which may be justified , with a public health crisis when one is not apparent . Miley upholds VMAs tradition All of this outrage appears calculated to me , however  it does n't help that Cyrus ' father sits on the board of advisers for the Parents Television Council  . The performers who do outrageous stuff do so on purpose because scandal sells . And "  watchdog " groups themselves often thrive off outrage . Such groups would wither financially if it were not for the public 's outrage and fear of media . The council 's website contains handy instructions on how not just to donate money but to include the group in your estate , give stocks , an automobile , etc. . Fairly common for advocacy groups to be sure , but it still gives them skin in the game . Members of these groups may act in good faith , but let 's not mistake them for objective , financially uninterested parties . The irony is that likely all the furor has probably only encouraged teens to see what all the fuss is about on YouTube . If one is serious about reducing sexual content in the media , making a big fuss only draws attention . Telling teens they should n't watch only makes them want to watch more . If you would like to see less of Cyrus twerking  and count me among those masses  , the answer is quite simple : Change the channel . We need less outrage , less nannying and more apathy toward such silliness . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Ferguson .	Christopher Ferguson : Miley Cyrus ' performance seemed calculated to spark controversy He says the act succeeded in drawing attention and provoking objections from watchdog group Was it in poor taste ? Ferguson says yes , but it 's not the end of civilization Ferguson : There 's little reason to think these performances cause lasting harm
CNN  -- Phil Jackson and Derek Fisher won five NBA championships when the former coached the latter in Los Angeles . Now , the two hope their latest partnership will achieve great things in New York . The New York Knicks on Tuesday introduced longtime NBA player Fisher as the team 's 26th head coach . Fisher , 39 , just wrapped up his NBA playing career , playing last season for the Oklahoma City Thunder . He replaces Mike Woodson , who was fired after the Knicks failed to make the playoffs this season . Jackson , the Knicks ' new president , made Fisher his first coaching hire . Though this will be Fisher 's first head coaching job at any level , Jackson said Fisher was the perfect choice , in part because of their shared experiences in Los Angeles . "  He 's learned under some of the best coaches , " Jackson told reporters Tuesday morning -- naming Don Nelson , Jerry Sloan and Scott Brooks but leaving out himself . Jackson "  obviously left himself off the list , " Fisher said . Jackson the coach and Fisher the guard helped the Lakers to championships in 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , 2009 and 2010 . Fisher said that although this is his first attempt as coach , he has valuable experience in the game as a player and champion . "  That  being a champion  I have experience in , and that is an experience I plan on sharing " with the Knicks ' players , Fisher said .	Former NBA player Derek Fisher named Knicks ' 26th head coach "  He 's learned under some of the best coaches , " Knicks President Phil Jackson says Jackson coached Fisher in Los Angeles ; pair won 5 championships with Lakers
CNN  -- It used to be a writer wrote something , the program aired , and that was pretty much it . "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit " airs frequently on cable as well as on NBC . Sure , there was the possibility of syndication , but there were n't cable channels that ran "  Law & Order " marathons . There were n't DVD box sets of a program 's season-by-season run -- a huge source of revenue . There were n't video games that began where a TV series left off , or on-demand TiVo subscriptions that allowed viewers to catch up with that episode they missed , or Internet sites that downloaded , highlighted and offered behind-the-scenes glimpses of a 38-second guest-star appearance . There was n't all this ... technology . And , by the same token , all that technology was n't splitting the audience for TV and movies into smaller and smaller pieces . Consider how the world has changed since 1988 , the last time the Writers Guild went on strike . "  The Cosby Show " was America 's No. 1 TV program . Fox , just ending its first season with a weekend-only lineup that included "  21 Jump Street " and "  The New Adventures of Beans Baxter , " was barely a blip on a TV screen dominated by ABC , NBC and CBS . Watch the writers strike in 1988 " And if a household had cable -- and just a bare majority did -- channel selections did n't include much beyond CNN , HBO , ESPN , MTV and the Weather Channel . Bruce Springsteen 's song "  57 Channels -LSB- and Nothin ' On -RSB- " did n't come out until 1992 . Now Bruce , and the rest of us , are staring at 500 channels and countless media permutations . About the only thing that 's remained consistent are fickle viewers , who now have more means to channel-surf -- indeed , media-surf -- than ever before . And if they leave their TV shows behind , they might be hard to get back . "  Once another medium , particularly cable , gets a chance to draw viewers away , they do n't come back , and that was n't the case in 1988 , " TV historian Tim Brooks told the trade publication Multichannel News .  Actually , Brooks is a little off : Broadcast viewership did decline slightly after the 1988 strike , according to Multichannel News , and has been trending downward since the early '90s . The catch today is that there are far more media than just cable . Indeed , the media conglomerates have caught on to this fact , allowing viewers to watch programs over the Internet and through podcasts .  Indeed , with the strike affecting late-night talk shows , movie and music promotion has gravitated to the Web . "  Traditional media needs the exposure on the talk shows , but what they really need is to go where the audience is migrating to , and that is the Internet , " Jerry Del Colliano , a University of Southern California music-industry professor , told The Associated Press . The residuals due for airing over the Internet is a key issue the writers want tackled . In a pre-strike post on his New York Times blog , Times technology writer Saul Hansell observed that the Web is a knife that cuts both ways . If the writers get a cut of Web revenues -- an unknown value since nobody knows what Web syndication is worth -- the value of broadcast and cable syndication could decline . Or if the price the writers receive is perceived to be too high , new , nonunion talent could establish a beachhead . Or , he adds , "  bored viewers may suddenly start deep explorations of puppy punting and other specialties of YouTube . " Watch a writer talk about how "  nobody wins " " Robert Thompson , the Syracuse University pop culture expert , doubts things will come to that : "  When you think about the shows we loved best ... they were told by brilliant writers , " he told Multichannel News . "  I think the industry is going to have to cede that fundamental basic value , and in doing so cede some of the real estate of these new technologies . " Certainly , there 's always going to be a market for well-told stories . "  There is no dream until we dream it . There is no word written until we write it , " the commentator and science fiction writer Harlan Ellison  "  Babylon 5 , " the story "  A Boy and His Dog , " the TV column collection "  The Glass Teat "  told CNN during the 1988 strike . But the earlier strike -- which began March 7 of that year , lasted 22 weeks , postponed the beginning of the 1988-89 TV season and cost an estimated $ 500 million -- gave rise to a group of low-budgeted shows , including "  America 's Most Wanted , " "  Cops " and "  America 's Favorite Home Videos , " which became the forerunners of the reality show trend . Reality shows , of course , are now one of TV 's most prominent genres . They 're generally inexpensive to produce -- and , as many writers noticed during the reality craze earlier this decade , they do n't need writers . So there 's a lot at stake . And watch out : On June 30 , 2008 , the contract for TV and film actors comes up for renewal . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Electronic media has changed a great deal since the last strike in 1988 Broadcast TV viewers could gravitate elsewhere , away from TV altogether Cut of Internet revenues at stake , but that value remains an unknown
CNN  -- Liangqiao , a small collection of huts and farms in southern China , is known as a cancer village . Zhu Chun Yun lost her husband to cancer and now worries for her daughter 's health . It is where Hu Xiaoping , a husband and father and a farmer , died an agonizing death at age 30 one year after being diagnosed with colon cancer . His widow , Zhu Chun Yun , blames his death on the brown and rust-colored water from the river , which farmers use to irrigate their crops . "  The doctor in the hospital told us not to live here , " she told CNN through an interpreter . "  He said do n't eat the rice and do n't drink the water . " Residents of Liangqiao say their river is polluted because of the iron-ore mine about 35 miles away , which is run by a nationally owned company . Mining for iron-ore exposes naturally occurring heavy metals like arsenic and cadmium , which are both carcinogens . Without proper water treatment facilities , water contaminated with high levels of these metals is hazardous and can possibly cause cancer . Jingjing Zhang , an environmental lawyer who is working the villagers who want to sue the government , said the Dabaoshan mine has been polluting the Hengshui River for decades . "  I always had a dream to live in a place where there 's a clean river I can swim in , but this dream seems very difficult to achieve in China now , " she said . Twenty-eight people in this village of 400 have died over the last 10 years from cancer -- a rate much higher than the rest of country . The overall mortality rate for 2006 was 137 deaths per 100,000 residents . Pollution is a serious problem throughout China . The Chinese ministry of health reported that increased pollution has made cancer the leading cause of death in the country . China , along with the United States , is a leading emitter of greenhouse gases , which experts say can contribute to global warming . In terms of total emissions , China is projected by the International Energy Association to become the world 's leading greenhouse gas producing country this year . It can also impact the U.S. food supply . The amount of food imported from China has grown dramatically in the past decade . According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , the United States imported $ 4.1 billion worth of seafood and agricultural products from China in 2006 . In 1995 , it was $ 800 million . In June , the United States banned five types of fish and shrimp from China because inspectors found traces of cancer-causing chemicals and antibiotics in the products . Small villages like Liangqiao have little recourse against big companies that might be polluting their air or water . CNN talked to the mine 's director who acknowledged environmental issues with the mine , but said it was n't a problem that could be solved overnight . He said some of the smaller , privately owned mines should share blame for the problems . The mine has given the villagers some compensation . About 1,700 Yuan  $ 200  for the whole village , Zhang told CNN . Zhang continues to build her case against the mine , trying to win compensation for medical testing , health care and damage to the village 's rice crops . She hopes to go to trial next year . Water tests from Huanan Agricultural University have concluded the Hengshui is indeed too toxic for any human use , in stark contrast to what Jingjing said the government told the villagers . They told her "  we already meet all environmental standards , " she said . China is trying to address its pollution problem . In September , the Chinese State Environmental Protection Administration shut down 400 companies for water-pollution violations and suspended 249 other businesses , according to China Daily . And last week China announced a joint campaign with the European Union to clean up China 's two largest river basins . The government hopes to have a dramatically cleaner country by August , when it will be host to the Olympics . It is too late for Zhu 's husband . She said that after he got cancer he was unable to work and he reluctantly went for medical treatment . "  He did n't want to go to the hospital because he worried we did n't have enough money to bring up our daughter , " she said . Zhu told CNN she does n't have time to be sad . All she worries about is caring for daughter and her small plot of land . The villagers have figured out a way to pipe clean drinking water down from a nearby mountain , but they still use the dirty water to irrigate the crops . "  They have no other choice , " Jingjing said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta contributed to this report	River through village darkened by discharges from iron-ore mine Cancer rate in China is 137 per 100,000 people ; higher rate in village U.S. imported $ 4.1 B worth of seafood , agricultural products from China in 2006 Chinese agency cracked down on polluters in September
CNN  -- The stadium at the heart of the 2012 London Olympics is set to be transformed into a football ground once the Games have finished , after English Premier League side West Ham were named as the preferred future residents of the venue on Friday . The 80,000 capacity stadium will replace nearby Upton Park as West Ham 's home but will retain its capability to host athletics events thanks to a commitment from the east London club to keep the running track in place . The decision ends a period of jostling between West Ham and -- Premier League and London rivals -- Tottenham Hotspur , who were also hoping to relocate to the arena after the Olympics . Spurs proposed rebuilding a 60,000-seater , football-only venue on the same site but the plan failed to convince the Olympic Park Legacy Company  OPLC  who decide on the future use of the location . "  We have made a unanimous recommendation to back West Ham as the long-term tenant , " OPLC chairwoman Margaret Ford said at a press conference . "  This represents the very best legacy for the stadium and for the communities of east London , and is a really good outcome for sport , " she added . The British government still have to finalise the confirmation of West Ham as tenants , but it is expected that they will do do in the coming weeks . The soccer club maintained it was their promise , to retain the stadium 's running track in line with the policy of 2012 organizers to leave an athletic legacy in the area , that helped clinch the decision . "  Today is a momentous day . We are proud to have been passed the Olympic torch and fully embrace the responsibility we have for keeping the flame alive , " the club 's vice chairman Karen Brady told their official website . "  We have been working on this project for some time now and are just at the starting line of the race to make this a stadium that will really make the nation proud . " The news is a blow for fifth-placed top flight side Tottenham , who had wished to expand beyond their current facilities at White Hart Lane , with the financial help of American entertainment firm AEG . "  The Olympic Stadium site is an essential element in the creation of a viable Olympic Park and we know that we provided a first class proposal to support the sustainability of the whole project , " a statement on their website read . Should the move become official , however , it is not the first time a Premier League club will have taken over an athletics stadium . Manchester City moved from their Maine Road ground to the City of Manchester Stadium -- the venue for the 2002 Commonwealth Games -- to capitalise on its 48,000 all-seater facilities . Elsewhere in Europe , Barcelona 's 1992 Olympic Stadium was La Liga side Espanyol 's home ground from 1997 to 2009 , while Serie A club 's Lazio and Roma share the use of Rome 's 1960 Stadio Olympico . And in Berlin the 74 , 500 capacity Olympicstadion -- built for the Olympics held in the city in 1936 -- is home to German second division side Hertha BSC . It also played host to matches in the 1974 and 2006 World Cups .	West Ham are confirmed favorites to take over London Olympic stadium East London club are favored ahead of local Premier League rivals Tottenham Hotspur Decision is made by Olympic Park Legacy Company in UK capital on Friday Official announcement expected to confirm West Ham can move into stadium post-2012
Roseville , Michigan  CNN  -- Police found no "  discernible remains " in their search Friday for long-missing labor strongman Jimmy Hoffa , police Chief James Berlin said . Two soil samples taken from beneath a storage shed outside a suburban Detroit home will nevertheless go to a lab at Michigan State University for testing . Officials are expected to announce by Monday night if they 've found evidence bearing out a tipster 's claim that he saw what appeared to be a body being buried at the site the day after the former Teamsters chief disappeared in 1975 . Even if they do , Berlin said he doubts any remains would be those of Hoffa . "  It would be great if it was , because I would like to bring closure to his family and the tens of thousands of Teamsters that idolize this man , and just the southeast of Michigan , " said Berlin , of the Roseville Police Department . "  This is kind of like an open wound that wo n't go away . Every couple of years this happens , and all you guys come out here and we have to relive it . " Police broke through a concrete floor beneath a storage shed on the site , then drew two soil samples from the ground as deep as 6 feet down , Berlin said . The results did n't turn up bones , body parts or other evidence , he said . He described the samples as merely "  murky . " While police searched , reporters and curious onlookers milled about on the street outside the home , which reportedly once housed a gambling operation tied to Detroit 's notorious organized crime community . Police began their inquiry after a tipster came forward in August to say that he believed he 'd witnessed a body being buried at the home . The tipster did not come forward sooner out of fear , Berlin said . A search using ground-penetrating radar last month showed some sort of anomaly in the ground beneath the storage shed 's concrete floor , according to police . 2010 : Digging into the Hoffa legend ? The lab tests being conducted on the soil samples will be able to determine if human remains were buried at the site , but will not identify them , Berlin said . If human remains are discovered , investigators would have to return for a more complete excavation , he said . Dan Moldea , author of "  The Hoffa Wars , " first spoke to the tipster in March , and sent him to police . The tipster , a former gambler , once did business with a man tied to Anthony Giacalone , an organized crime figure who was supposed to meet Hoffa the day he disappeared , Moldea said . Despite those links , Moldea said it seems unlikely that anyone would have been buried at the site , in full view of the neighborhood . And if a body had been buried there , little would remain , he said . "  I am very skeptical , " Moldea said of the search . Berlin is too , but he 's not ruling anything out . "  The timeline does n't really add up , " he said . "  But stranger things have happened , so it 's possible . " Hoffa 's presumed death has vexed investigators for almost four decades . One of the most powerful union leaders at a time that unions wielded a great deal of sway over elections -- and were notoriously tied to organized crime -- Hoffa was forced out of the organized labor movement when he went to federal prison in 1967 for jury tampering and fraud . President Richard Nixon pardoned him in 1971 on the condition that he not try to get back into the union movement before 1980 . Two weeks before Hoffa 's disappearance , federal investigators discovered hundreds of millions of dollars had been stolen from the Teamsters ' largest pension fund , Time magazine points out in its list of the top 10 most famous disappearances . Hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on July 30 , 1975 , at suburban Detroit restaurant . He was there ostensibly to meet with reputed Detroit Mafia street enforcer Giacalone and Anthony Provenzano , chief of a Teamsters local in New Jersey , who was later convicted in a murder case . Both men have since died . Hoffa believed Giacalone had set up the meeting to help settle a feud between Hoffa and Provenzano , but Hoffa was the only one who showed up for the meeting , according to the FBI . Giacalone and Provenzano later told the FBI that no meeting had been scheduled . The FBI said at the time that the disappearance could have been linked to Hoffa 's efforts to regain power in the Teamsters and to the mob 's influence over the union 's pension funds . Police and the FBI have searched for Hoffa intermittently ever since . In September 2001 , the FBI found DNA that linked Hoffa to a car that agents suspected was used in his disappearance . In 2004 , authorities removed floorboards from a Detroit home to look for traces of blood , as former Teamsters official Frank Sheeran claimed in a biography that he had shot Hoffa . Sheeran had died in 2003 . Investigators ruled that blood found in the house was not Hoffa 's . The FBI has a sample of his DNA from a hairbrush . Two years later , the FBI razed a horse barn in Michigan following what it called "  a fairly credible lead . " But the disappearance remains unsolved . Urban lore long suggested that Hoffa was buried around the end zone at the former Giants Stadium in New Jersey . As TruTV puts it , the mystery surrounding Hoffa is not simply a "  whodunnit . " "  The likely suspects are all known , and their motives are well documented . The question is : Where ? What exactly did they do to Jimmy Hoffa , and where did they dispose of his body ? " But over the years , numerous theories have been floated . In 1987 , Joe Franco -- a former Hoffa strong-arm -- and a New York Times reporter published "  Hoffa 's Man , " which Fortune described as "  the hair-raising inside story of Jimmy Hoffa . " "  Rather than being kidnapped by rival union forces as law enforcement authorities have long speculated , Franco says Hoffa was abducted by two federal agents , " Fortune reported . "  He thinks they drove Hoffa to a nearby airport , took off in a small plane , and pushed him out over one of the Great Lakes . Franco says he did not tell federal investigators this bizarre , and unverifiable , story because they would not grant him immunity . " Hoffa 's son , James P. Hoffa , is the current president of the Teamsters . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	NEW : Drilling does n't turn up bones , body parts or other evidence , police chief says A tipster told police that a body was buried at a home about the time of Hoffa 's disappearance Crews took soil samples and will test them for human remains ; results are expected Monday Former Teamsters leader Hoffa disappeared in 1975
CNN  -- In a dimly lit Florida theater , Curtis Reeves got into an argument with another moviegoer over texting . The two men exchanged words that gradually became more heated and Reeves felt something hit his face . Reeves , who minutes earlier had gone to seek a manager 's help to stop the texting , this time reached into a pocket in his pants for , police say , a pistol . He later told police he feared the man was going to attack him . Reeves , a former police officer , pulled a gun and shot once , hitting Chad Oulson in the chest and Oulson 's wife , Nicole , in the hand she was using to grab her husband in an attempt to calm things down . As the victim struggled to breathe and fell onto two other patrons , Reeves sat down . An off-duty deputy five seats over charged toward him and grabbed the gun , which had jammed . Chad Oulson died later at a hospital . His wife 's wound was considered non-life threatening . The shooter 's son -- an off-duty Tampa police officer -- was just arriving at theater 10 . He had been delayed to his date with his father and his mother , and he had no idea his dad had just killed another man . On Tuesday , Curtis Reeves , 71 , made his first appearance in court for a charge of second-degree murder . Reeves ' attorney , Richard Escobar , tried to persuade Circuit Judge Lynn Tepper that the former police officer was actually the victim in the incident and that Oulson was the "  aggressor . " Police said despite Reeves ' claim that he was in fear of his safety , this was not a case for Florida 's "  stand your ground " defense . "  Working with the state attorney 's office it was determined that stand-your-ground does not fly here in this case , " Pasco County Sheriff Chris Nocco said . Authorities said a preliminary investigation had determined that there was no physical contact during the incident Monday afternoon at a theater in the Tampa suburb of Wesley Chapel . It was popcorn , thrown by Oulson , 43 , that struck Reeves . Sgt. Steve Greiner , the first Pasco County deputy to encounter Reeves , said the suspect was very calm as he sat in his chair . He had an almost distant stare toward the screen , Greiner said . Reeves also stared silently into a closed-circuit camera Tuesday , listening to Escobar tell Tepper why his client should be granted bail . Tepper said there was no evidence to support the claim that the shooter was a victim , according to a probable cause affidavit . She denied bond and ruled that Reeves should face the second-degree murder charge . The judge addressed Reeves and asked him if he understood what had happened and that he was facing life in prison ; Reeves said he did . Reeves ' attorney then said that he and his client would speak in private , indicating that the former officer should not say anything in court . Reeves wore a bullet-resistant vest . Nocco said it was for the defendant 's safety . An argument over texting , then a shot The shooting happened Monday afternoon at the Grove 16 theater about 1:25 p.m. ET , just before an afternoon showing of "  Lone Survivor , " a film about a Navy SEAL mission . Reeves was with his wife and sat behind Oulson and his wife , authorities said . Chad Oulson was using his cell phone and Reeves told him to put it away , according to police and witnesses . The two men began to argue and Reeves walked out of the auditorium . Police said Reeves was going to complain to a theater employee . But Nocco told CNN on Tuesday night that the manager was busy with another customer and Reeves never addressed his complaint with a supervisor . When Reeves returned , witnesses and authorities said that Oulson asked him if he had gone to tell on him for texting . Oulson reportedly said , in effect : I was just sending a message to my young daughter . Police said Tuesday that Oulson was texting the daughter 's babysitter . Charles Cummings and his adult son were two seats away . Cummings said that when Reeves returned to the theater , there was no manager with him . "  He came back very irritated , " Cummings recalled . Voices were raised . Oulson threw a bag of popcorn at Reeves , police said . Then , the former police officer took out a .380 semi-automatic handgun and shot Oulson . As Oulson staggered and fell , "  He said , ' I ca n't believe I got shot , ' " the younger Cummings recounted . "  Blood started coming out of his mouth . I was trying to hold him up . He just fell down . " "  I ca n't believe people would bring a pistol to a movie , " said the elder Cummings , a Vietnam War veteran who was celebrating his birthday by spending the afternoon with his son . Chaos in a theater During Reeves ' first appearance Tuesday , his attorney argued that Oulson was the "  aggressor . " "  It may or may not have been popcorn , " Judge Tepper said , but an unknown object "  does not equal " taking out a gun . Witnesses told police they saw no punches being thrown during the incident , according to the report . There were about 25 people in the movie theater . After the shooting , some tried to help Oulson and to make sure no other people were hurt . An off-duty deputy sheriff from Sumter County rushed over to make sure no more shots were fired and that the shooter was not going to get up . One of two nurses in the audience ran to Oulson 's side and performed CPR until paramedics arrived . An autopsy will be conducted Tuesday . A sensational crime that strikes many chords A former cop and security worker Reeves retired in 1993 as a captain with the police department in nearby Tampa . He also was director of security at Busch Gardens until 2005 , a spokesman told CNN . Police told CNN that Reeves was instrumental in establishing the police department 's first tactical response team . Records released by the department indicate that he was often praised for his work ethic and leadership . Negative remarks were rare , such as a 1979 evaluation that said he had shown a temper when dealing with supervisors . After court Tuesday , reporters circled Escobar as he headed to his car . Escobar said that Reeves has "  great credentials " and called him a "  great man . " "  Certain circumstances happened in that theater , " the attorney said , and those details would come out at trial , he said . "  Mr. Reeves is certainly heartbroken , " that someone lost their life , the lawyer said . A neighbor told Bay News 9 that Reeves is a nice guy . "  Always smiling . I 've never seen him angry , " Bill Costas said . "  If I needed help with something , he was always there . " Who is Curtis Reeves ? Who was the texting dad ? Chad Oulson was a former U.S. Navy petty officer , serving from 1990 to 1997 , according to spokeswoman Lt. Richlyn Neal . Tuesday morning , a woman who said she was Oulson 's sister answered the door at his home in the Tampa suburb of Land O ' Lakes , the Tampa Tribune reported . She told a reporter that the family is in shock and declined to comment . In the home 's garage , the Tribune reporter said , a motocross motorcycle was on a stand next to a gold pickup truck and a child 's wagon . "  He loved his job , loved his family , loved motocross , loved the motorcycle world , " friend Joseph Detrapani told the newspaper . "  He grew up riding motocross and loved to keep doing it , even at his age of 43 , he 's still out there every weekend riding . " Rules for the theater Meanwhile , Cobb Theatres , which operates the Grove complex , released a statement : "  This was an isolated altercation between two guests that escalated unexpectedly . The safety , security and comfort of our guests and team members are always our top priorities , and we are truly heartbroken by this incident . " A list of prohibited items and behavior in their theaters is on the theater website . On the list : no cell phone use , including texting , in the theater auditorium . And no weapons allowed . Guns in theaters CNN 's Martin Savidge , Devon Sayers , Kevin Conlon , Suzanne Presto , Tristan Smith and Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	Police evaluations for Curtis Reeves gave him praise for his work ethic Judge : Thrown popcorn "  does not equal " taking out a gun Bond denied for Reeves in movie theater shooting that followed texting dispute Sheriff says this is not a "  stand your ground " case
CNN  -- African American Jesse Owens remains the most iconic Olympian of them all . Owens defied Hitler by winning four gold medals in Berlin in 1936 . Although there have been more successful athletes in Olympic history , Owens ' four gold medals at the Nazi-dominated 1936 Berlin Games earned him a unique place in the sporting hall of fame . Born James Cleveland Owens -- he was nicknamed Jesse by a school teacher -- he was the son of a sharecropper and grandson of slaves . Despite suffering from chronic bronchial problems as a child , he excelled as a high school athlete , and attracted national attention in May 1935 when , at a Big Ten athletics meet in Ann Arbor , Michigan , he set three world records and tied a fourth , all in the space of an hour . It was the Olympic Games of the following year , however , that secured Owens ' place in popular mythology . Held in the German capital , Hitler had intended the Xlth Olympiad to stand as a testament to the racial superiority of white Aryan athletes , openly denigrating Afro-American performers as "  non-humans . " In one of the greatest sporting rebuffs of all time , Owens -- one of 18 black athletes on the U.S. team -- duly won four gold medals in the 100 meters , 200 meters , long jump and 4x100 meters relay . His 100 meters time of 10.3 seconds equaled the Olympic record , while his performances in the 200 meters and long jump -- 20.7 seconds and 8.06 meters respectively -- set new world records . The 39.8 seconds recorded by U.S. 4x100 meters team also set a world record , one that stood for 20 years . Although the Nazi press was openly scathing , condemning the U.S. team 's use of ` black auxiliaries ' , the German spectators recognized Owens ' achievement and gave him a standing ovation . The first person to congratulate him after his long jump victory was German silver medallist Luz Long . "  It took a lot of courage for him to befriend me in front of Hitler , " Owens later commented . "  You can melt down all the medals and cups I have and they would n't be a plating on the 24-carat friendship I felt for Long at that moment . " Ticker-tape parade Owens returned to the U.S. a hero . Despite that , he was unable to escape the racial prejudice and segregationism of his fellow countrymen . Although he received a New York ticker tape parade , he was forced to ride in a freight elevator to a reception in his honor at the Waldorf Astoria . "  Although I was n't invited to shake hands with Hitler , " he said , "  I was n't invited to the White House to shake hands with the President , either . " He failed to attract the endorsements and sponsorship deals enjoyed by white athletes , and was reduced to running exhibition races against dogs and horses to make ends meet . It was not until the 1950s , 20 years after his Berlin triumph , that he finally achieved a measure of financial security , opening a public relations firm and becoming a highly successful public speaker . In 1976 he received the Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian honor the U.S. can bestow , and in 1990 , a decade after his death from lung cancer , President George Bush awarded him a posthumous Congressional Medal of Honor . In perhaps the most fitting memorial to his achievements , a street in Berlin was renamed in his honor in 1984 .	Olympic record : 4 gold medals In 1976 he received the Medal of Freedom Athlete ; born September 12 , 1913 , in Oakville , Alabama
In focus -- Iraq 's Economic Revival Iraq is experiencing a massive construction boom , especially in Baghdad where greater security has led to many companies investing in real estate projects . But it is mostly foreign companies that are benefiting from the boom while many Iraqi companies feel abandoned by their government , having to lay off workers or shut down completely . MME looks at the highs and lows of this burgeoning property boom . Facetime -- Kurdish Prime Minister Barham Salih Iraq is improving its economy and conveying its objectives , rebuilding and investment . Since 2007 , Kurdistan has attracted more than $ 12 billion from local and foreign investors . But investing in Kurdistan can have a ripple effect throughout the whole country as the regions Prime Minister Barham Salih explains to MME. Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1745 Saturday : 0445 Sunday : 0615,1745	MME takes a look at Iraq 's current construction boom The boom means profits for foreign firms but not for Iraq 's construction companies Plus MME talks to the Kurdish Prime Minister about the growing investment to the region .
Atlanta  CNN  -- A man , who tried to rob a group of people waiting in line to buy the new $ 180 LeBron James sneakers , was shot and killed when one of the customers pulled out a gun , Atlanta police said . The incident took place before dawn Saturday outside a shoe store in Atlanta 's Little Five Points area . The group was waiting for the store to open for the day so they could buy the LeBron X Denim on its first day of release . Police said the man approached the group with a gun in hand and tried to rob them . One of the men in the group took out his own handgun and fired , said Atlanta police spokesman Carlos Campos . "  A number of witnesses were interviewed and this appears to be self-defense , " he said . Campos said the customer was not charged . Another customer in line , Taylor White , told CNN affiliate WSB-TV that the would-be robber should have thought twice . "  I did n't even expect him to come up here , thinking it was that sweet . Thinking it 's that candy land like that , " White said . "  He wanted to pickpocket everybody . But people out here , they were n't going for none of that . "	People were waiting for a store to open so they could buy the shoe on its first day of release Police say a man approached the group with a gun in hand and tried to rob them One of the customers pulled a gun , Atlanta police say Police spokesman : "  This appears to be self-defense , " and the customer was not charged
Editor 's note : This is the first story in an ongoing series of reports CNN is doing about economic survival in this time of financial crisis . Sean , Brooke and Courtney with their parents , Donna and Robert LeBlanc , in a 2008 Christmas photo . CNN  -- Donna LeBlanc gave her husband , a former restaurant manager , the stark ultimatum : become a pizza delivery man or their family "  would n't make it . " The Lafayette , Louisiana , family of six was struggling with $ 45,000 of mounting medical debt from Donna LeBlanc 's unexpected case of pneumonia and tonsillitis a year earlier . The family savings account had dwindled to $ 100 . "  It 's embarrassing for my husband to take a job he is overqualified for , and I know he feels ashamed at times , " says Donna LeBlanc , a 35-year-old mother with four children . "  But this is what we have to do and we 're going to make the best out of it . " She watched her husband , Rob LeBlanc , 35 , load Domino 's pizza boxes into their family car and deliver orders until near dawn for $ 10 an hour . The family first told their story of falling on hard times on iReport.com . Share your economic survivor story with CNN . Until last summer , Rob LeBlanc had worked as a manager at a truck stop restaurant , making $ 55,000 a year . He lost that job to the falling economy . Rob LeBlanc says he noticed business at the truck stop getting sluggish a year ago . Then the spike in gas prices last summer exacerbated the restaurant 's dire circumstances . Many penny-pinching truck drivers avoided his restaurant altogether , he says . Rob LeBlanc filed for unemployment compensation immediately after he lost his job . More than 4.6 million Americans were collecting unemployment benefits as of early January , according to the Labor Department . In Lafayette , a quiet city of about 114,000 tucked away in southern Louisiana , many of the jobs center around servicing the oil and gas industry , but Rob LeBlanc was unwilling to work offshore and away from his family . When he applied for other jobs , he was told he was either under-qualified or had too much experience . After several weeks of searching , he took the only job he could get -- a Domino 's pizza delivery man , a job that would cover the family 's expenses . "  I had to swallow my pride and take whatever I could get , " Rob LeBlanc says . "  I kept telling myself one of these days something better will come along . " He spent nearly five months delivering pizzas at Domino 's . He admits he fell into depression during that time . But the family received good news Friday , when a private security company hired Rob LeBlanc to be a security officer . He says the company offers many opportunities to move up to a managerial position . "  My first thought was to tell my wife right away , " he says . "  I could hear the relief in her voice . " Taking a job as a pizza man was n't the only sacrifice he 's made for his family -- he 's also selling his beloved 2003 Kawasaki motorcycle . Donna LeBlanc earns a few hundred dollars a week exterminating mosquitoes for a bug control company . Before her husband lost his job , she had talked of going back to school to pursue a biology degree at Louisiana State University . The LeBlanc family lives lean in their five-bedroom , three-bathroom house with its $ 440 a month mortgage . The couple is teaching their children about budgeting and bargaining while relying on coupons and sales . They no longer eat out and no longer have cable TV . For entertainment , they attend free movies at a church . Donna LeBlanc takes pride that they have no credit card debt . Their children Brooke , 9 , Christopher , 14 , and Courtney , 13 , no longer receive allowances . Soon after her father 's job loss , Courtney started cleaning houses and baby-sitting and earned enough money to buy a dress for her first school dance -- off the clearance rack . The LeBlancs ' oldest child , Sean , 16 , who attends high school , still has n't found a job . He says the competition has gotten stiff , with many older workers in the area out of jobs . "  I 'm trying , " said Sean , who has been looking for a job since October . "  There are just no openings . " The LeBlancs have found some unexpected happiness . Donna LeBlanc says her husband now spends more time at home . Not being able to leave the house for entertainment has brought the children closer together over books , games and conversation . "  This experience has given us time to reconnect with each other , " Donna LeBlanc says . "  And it 's taught us to just keep trying and believe that things will get better . "	Rob LeBlanc lost his $ 55,000 manager job because of the troubled economy To keep family out of debt , he took a $ 10 per hour pizza delivery job The couple and their four children learned to budget and save Mom : The experience has "  bought the family closer together "
CNN  -- Andy Murray fought off the tears to claim victory in the final of the Brisbane International following the news that one of his best friends has been diagnosed with a form of cancer . British tennis player Ross Hutchins , 27 , is a former doubles partner of Murray 's as well as a Davis Cup teammate . Murray , who overcame Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov 7-6 6-4 , dedicated his victory to Hutchins while holding back the tears , saying : "  I 'd like to dedicate this victory to one of my best friends . He 's back home watching -- you 're going to get through it . " Hutchins has been diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a cancer of the white blood cell found in the lymphatic system , which is a network of vessels and glands spread throughout the body . The most common symptom of Hodgkin 's lymphoma is a painless swelling in a lymph node , normally in the neck , armpit or groin . Hutchins wrote on Twitter : "  Happy New Year to all ! Unfortunately I will be away from tennis for a while as I was recently diagnosed with Hodgkins lymphoma . "  I am doing well , very positive with excellent medical support , friends and family around me . Looking forward to being back on the court soon ! " In a statement on the Lawn Tennis Association website , Hutchins explained further . "  Over the Christmas period I was diagnosed with Hodgkins lymphoma . "  This came as a shock but I am ready to move forward with the necessary treatment . "  I have the best medical support at Royal Marsden and very close family and friends supporting me . "  I look forward to getting over this hurdle and getting back to the ATP Tour and full steam ahead with my tennis career . " Murray overcomes heat factor Murray 's victory , in which he came from 4-1 down in the opening set , enabled him to claim the 25th ATP title of his career . The British number one needed 87 minutes to see off Dimitrov and said he was impress by the standard of tennis on show . "  I thought the standard of tennis was good today , " Murray said told reporters . "  There were a lot of high-quality rallies and I had to change a few things . He started the match off very well and was extremely aggressive . "  I needed to change things around a little bit and I managed to start dictating a lot of points and use my forehand well . So my ground strokes worked well today . " Serena off to a flyer in 2013 Elsewhere , world number eight Petra Kvitova suffered a setback to her Australian Open preparations after going down 6-1 6-1 to Dominkia Cibulkova at the Sydney International . Kvitova , who was also knocked out early on at Brisbane by Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova , admits she 's suffering from a lack of confidence . "  I played really badly and I wish I knew what I could say but I do n't know , " Kvitova told reporters . "  I 'm not feeling very well right now , in my confidence , but I 'm always looking forward to playing grand slams and I hope everything will be better there than here . " Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki eased past Urszula Radwanska 6-1 6-2 , while there were also wins for Russia duo Maria Kirilenko and Ekaterina Makarova .	Andy Murray wins Brisbane International following victory over Grigor Dimitrov U.S. Open champion dedicates victory to friend and former doubles partner Ross Hutchins British tennis player Hutchins , 27 , has been diagnosed with Hodgkins lymphoma Petra Kvitova crashes out of Sydney International
CNN  -- Venus Williams rolled back the clock at the Rogers Cup in Montreal Saturday to claim victory over her younger sister and World No 1 . Serena Williams for the first time in five years . The unseeded Venus lost the first set of the semifinal matchup on a tie break but battled back to win 6-7  7/2  6-2 6-3 in just over two hours . Venus secured what was effectively the match-wining break in the sixth game of the final set before holding her nerve to serve out . Despite firing down 19 aces , Serena will be left to rue making considerably more unforced errors than her sister , including nine double faults . "  The level of game we played was pretty high , " Venus was quoted as saying by the WTA website after the match . Venus has struggled for form in recent years and has suffered from injury and illness . But she has bounced back in 2014 and already has one WTA title for the year under her belt . On finding her way back in to the game , she said : "  I 've been working hard , and more importantly I 've been feeling better . "  I hope I can keep some of this control in my life . If I have that control , I can enjoy being on the court , and I can win as well . " Although she came up short on Saturday , Serena still leads the family head to head in competitive matches by 15-11 . The pair have won 26 major singles titles between them  17 for Serena and nine for Venus  and first faced off in the Australian Open in 1998 . Speaking on court after the match , Serena described being disappointed with some of her own play but was happy to see her sister perform so convincingly . "  She was really opening the court well , " Serena said . "  She  Venus  is such a good mover . "  I think her serve was way more consistent than mine . I had more aces , but she was just serving better . "  Ultimately I think she returned better as well . " Venus will now play either Agnieszka Radwanska or Ekaterina Makarova , who meet in the day 's other semi-final .	Venus Williams defeats her sister Serena in Rogers Cup semifinal Venus had n't beaten Serena in a competitive match since 2009 Serena took first set but Venus battled back to win 6-7  7/2  6-2 6-3
CNN  -- Fresh reports of global espionage . Furious European officials . A plea from the vice president . The weekend was packed with twists and turns in the case of former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden and the secret documents he 's leaked . Snowden , who faces espionage charges in the United States , is still in Russia and seeking asylum from Ecuador . Here are some key recent developments that CNN is reporting : New allegations about U.S. spying Germany 's Der Spiegel and Britain 's The Guardian have published stories with new claims about U.S. surveillance , citing NSA documents leaked to them by Snowden . The reports , which CNN has not independently confirmed , include allegations that : â $ cents In Brussels , Belgium , the agency targeted the Justus Lipsius Building , which houses the European Council and the EU Council of Ministers , the union 's main decision-making and legislative body . â $ cents In Washington , Der Spiegel claims , the NSA installed bugs in the European Union 's building and infiltrated its computer network . â $ cents One NSA document leaked by Snowden describes 38 embassies and missions as "  targets , " and it details surveillance methods that include planting bugs in communications equipment and collecting transmissions with specialized antennae . Targets included France , Italy , Greece , Japan , Mexico , South Korea , India and Turkey , according to The Guardian . Outraged European officials ask U.S. for answers European officials reacted with fury to the reports that the NSA spied on EU offices . "  I am deeply worried and shocked about the allegations , " European Parliament President Martin Schulz said in a statement . "  If the allegations prove to be true , it would be an extremely serious matter which will have a severe impact on EU-U.S. relations . " German officials have said the claims , if true , are reminiscent of the Cold War . French President Francois Hollande said any U.S. surveillance targeting officials from his country must stop immediately . U.S. officials have said they 'll address the concerns through diplomatic channels . They have n't spoken publicly about the specific allegations published by Der Spiegel and The Guardian . Schumer and McCain : Russia should pay a price for harboring Snowden Two high-profile senators on Sunday admonished Russia for not handing over Snowden , who 's hiding in Russia as he seeks asylum in Ecuador . Republican Sen. John McCain said Snowden 's actions amounted to a "  slap in the face to the United States " and called President Vladimir Putin "  an old colonel KGB apparatchik " who "  dreams of the restoration of the Russian Empire . " Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer said Sunday he 's not sure what should be done to get Snowden back , but Russia should "  pay a price " for "  doing what they did . " "  Putin  ought to know he is going to pay a price here because he goes out of his way to stick his finger in the eye of America , whether it is Iran , Syria , and now this , " he said on the same Fox program . "  He has got lots of vulnerabilities . " Biden to Ecuador : Do n't give him asylum Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa says he got a phone call from U.S. Vice President Joe Biden on Friday . Biden asked him "  to please reject " Snowden 's asylum bid , Correa said . The Ecuadorian leader said his country would be cautious about processing Snowden 's asylum request . "  We have to act very carefully but with courage , " he said , "  without contradicting our principles but with a lot of care , responsibility and respect , of course , towards the U.S. -- but also respect for the truth . " On Saturday night , Correa said the ball was in Russia 's court . "  In order to process this request , he needs to be in Ecuadorian territory , " Correa said in an interview with Ecuador 's Oromar TV on Saturday night . "  At this point , the solution for Snowden 's final destination is in the hands of the Russian authorities . " Bush slams Snowden , defends NSA surveillance Former U.S. President George W. Bush sharply criticized Snowden . "  I think he damaged the security of the country , " he said in an exclusive interview with CNN over the weekend . Asked about an NSA program that tracks people 's Internet activity , Bush said , "  I put that program in place to protect the country . One of the certainties was that civil liberties were guaranteed . " Filmmakers release the first Snowden movie A group of amateur filmmakers in Hong Kong has already filmed a short thriller dramatizing the events that unfolded in the city last month . The five-minute film was shot over four days , said freelance videographer Edwin Lee , describing it as a "  foot-on-the-gas " guerrilla operation . The script was mostly written the day before shooting , and actors had no rehearsal time , he added . In its first week , the film has garnered more than 60,000 views on YouTube . The movie ends with the former NSA contractor 's June 23 flight to Moscow . But the world is still waiting for the next chapter in Snowden 's story . CNN 's Josh Levs , Claudia Rebaza , Michael Martinez , Jethro Mullen and Alexis Lai contributed to this report .	Citing leaked NSA documents , European publications publish fresh allegations of U.S. spying Outraged European officials are demanding answers from the United States Ecuador 's president says Vice President Joe Biden asked him not to give Snowden asylum Amateur filmmakers release the first movie about Snowden
Haiti 's terror did n't end when the ground stopped shaking . Reports of rape and sexual violence have been all too common after the January 2010 earthquake that killed more than 220,000 people and displaced almost 25 % of the entire population . "  On the evening of January 20 , several young men were firing gunshots in the air . They came into our shelter and grabbed my 19-year-old niece , " one woman , Dina , told Amnesty International . "  They just came in , grabbed her and dragged her away . ... She was raped by several men . They took her at around 9 p.m. and let her go at around 2 a.m. " Another woman , Guerline , told the rights group that she and her 13-year-old daughter were attacked on the same night in March 2010 . The men wore hoods and told Guerline that if she went to the police , she would be shot dead . "  There is nowhere safe where I can live , so I had to keep quiet , " she said . "  I did n't take my daughter to the hospital . She was too scared . I sent her to another town where some relatives live . " In the days following the disaster , camps were set up to provide shelter for more than a million displaced Haitians . But these "  tent cities " have been far from ideal , according to Malya Villard-Appolon , one of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes . "  After the earthquake , the situation was inhumane and degrading . There was no security . There was no food ; there was no work , " said Villard-Appolon , a rape survivor who co-founded an organization , KOFAVIV , that helps other victims find safety , medical aid and legal support . "  Two years after the earthquake , it is still the same , " she said . "  The people are still under the tent , they do n't have electricity , they are getting raped . " Nearly 370,000 people remain in displacement camps , according to the U.N. And gruesome reports of violence , inadequate health care and substandard living conditions have painted a picture of horror and hopelessness . In one study , published in January by the Center for Human Rights and Global Justice  PDF  , 14 % of households reported that at least one member of the household had been a victim of sexual violence since the earthquake . And 70 % of households surveyed said they were now more worried about sexual violence . Residents have cited lack of lighting , long walks to the bathroom , and flimsy tents as some of the issues putting females at risk of attack . Many females also are on their own for the first time . "  Women and girls were left to fend for themselves in camps , " said Anne-christine d'Adesky , project coordinator for PotoFanm + Fi , a nonprofit that has been working with more than 70 Haitian support groups to track post-earthquake violence . "  Because of the great displacement , people lost that sense of community protection . " Accurate numbers of gender-based violence are difficult to find in the aftermath of such devastation , especially when many victims fear retaliation . But d'Adesky said her group has seen a steady rise in reports , which she attributes to increased outreach . One young woman , Marie , was raped in the Champ de Mars camp and had her jaw broken . She said she was also forced into prostitution so she could eat and survive . High numbers of adolescent girls are engaging in what they call "  transactional sex " for shelter and food , d'Adesky said . Many of those interviewed claimed they had never sold sex before , but the earthquake had left them no option . "  I call this gender aftershocks , " said d'Adesky , whose group is publishing their report on Haiti next month . "  These women and girls have no means of survival and are engaging in transactional sex work -- or survival sex -- sometimes just for shelter . " And many of those women -- as well as those who have been raped -- are becoming pregnant , raising fears about rising maternal health issues . Even before the quake , Haiti was the most dangerous place to be pregnant in the Western Hemisphere : the lifetime risk of dying during childbirth there is 1 in 47 . "  We followed up with a number of pregnant girls who were no longer pregnant , " d'Adesky said . According to her sources , there has been a high rate of illegal street abortions and child abandonment . But amid the depressing and dire reports comes a glimmer of hope . KOFAVIV and other groups are working to help young girls and women , giving them safety , support and training so they can make money and not have to sell themselves . Better lighting has been installed in some displacement camps . More than 10,000 military and police personnel are now helping to provide security throughout the country , and hundreds of U.N. peacekeepers have been assigned to specifically work with the Haitian National Police . And in the last two years , there has been a big change in the way rape is prosecuted , according to legal experts . More women are reporting the crimes , and more rapists are being prosecuted . "  There has been a higher percentage of complaints that are turning into pre-trial investigations and are leading to formal charges , " said Brian Concannon Jr. , director of the Institute for Justice & Democracy in Haiti . In the first two years after the quake , sources in Haiti had estimated there were few , if any , rape convictions . But this year there have already been more than 60 convictions for sex crimes in Haiti , according to the National Human Rights Defense Network . This summer , 22 rape cases were prosecuted and there were 13 convictions , said Meena Jagannath , a lawyer who has worked with Haitian rape victims . There was one acquittal , and eight of the trials were "  left blank " for a number of reasons , including lack of representation for the victim who may not have even known she was to appear in court . "  It sounds like it 's a small number , it sounds like more should have been filed since 2010 , " Jagannath said . "  But we should take into consideration the biases of the system and level of disorganization and corruption . It really is an accomplishment . I 've heard those numbers are much higher now than even before the earthquake . " CNN Photos : Rape adds to Haitian camp woes Concannon said Haiti 's justice system has a history "  of not taking rape that seriously . " It was n't until 2005 that rape was classified as a crime on par with an assault . Before that , rape was a "  crime against public morals , " which Concannon says is something like a misdemeanor compared with a felony . Now the challenge is changing attitudes and empowering women to speak up . While it still can be difficult for many victims to file a police report and obtain the necessary medical documents needed to pursue justice , there are more resources for women who want to speak out . "  All this progress is the result of advocacy by KOFAVIV and other grassroots women 's groups and their allies , " Concannon said . "  I believe that the progress has the potential to play a key role in transforming attitudes about violence against women -- not just in the justice system , but in Haitian society as a whole . " More from CNN Heroes : Afghan girls take brave first step Young caregivers put life on hold What really sways teens not to drink , drive ?	Nearly three years after Haiti 's earthquake , many are still living in displacement camps Women are reporting rape , sexual violence in these "  tent cities " But amid the depressing , dire reports comes a glimmer of hope Top 10 CNN Hero Malya Villard-Appolon is reaching out to support Haitian rape victims
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Leaders of the G-20 economic summit will announce Friday that the group will become the new permanent council for international economic cooperation , senior U.S. officials told CNN Thursday . U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner says signs of optimism for a global economic recovery can be seen . The move comes in the wake of a major push by President Obama , the officials said . The G-20 will now essentially eclipse the G-8 , which will continue to meet on major security issues but carry much less influence . "  It 's a reflection of the world economy today and the players that make it up , " said one senior official . Nations like China , Brazil and India -- which were locked out of the more elite G-8 -- will be part of the larger group . The Group of 20 -- leaders of 20 countries representing 90 percent of the world 's economic output -- are meeting in Pittsburgh for a two-day summit , focusing on the financial crisis and how to avoid a future repeat . The gathering is Obama 's first time hosting a major international summit . "  We 're meeting at a time where , for the first time since London , certainly for the first time in a year , we 're seeing the first signs of optimism about prospects for global recovery , " U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told reporters Thursday . "  I think the broad consensus of private economists and businesses are that we 're beginning to see growth in the United States , and around the world we see exports rising and forecasts for growth are being revised upwards . " "  This is encouraging , " he said , "  but we have a ways to go . " He said the leaders are "  going to keep working to sustain the progress we 've seen . And I can say with confidence , based on my discussions with finance ministers and central bank governors from around the world , there is a common , shared commitment to make sure we 're working together to sustain these early signs of recovery and growth . " One of the key goals is preventing such a crisis from occurring in the future , he said . "  In the run-up to this crisis , many of the world 's largest economies depended on the American consumer to buy their exports to drive growth , and we made it easy ; for too long , Americans were buying too much and saving too little , " Geithner said . "  And that 's no longer an option for us or for the rest of the world . And already in the United States you can see the first signs of an important transformation here as Americans save more and as we borrow substantially less from the rest of the world . " "  I think we all recognize that we need to act before the memory of the crisis fades and before the impetus for reform recedes , " he said . "  And we 're trying to bring greater urgency and commitment to the need to act together . " The tightening of global financial regulations was expected to top the summit 's agenda and comes as some major economies are beginning to recover . Germany , France and Japan have announced that they have emerged from recession , prompting hopes that the worst of the financial crisis may have passed . G-20 finance ministers and central bank governors agreed at a meeting this month not to start cutting back just yet on stimulus efforts . They fear it would put economies at risk for plunging back into recession . However , the economic outlook has improved enough that countries are being encouraged to start working on exit strategies , which will vary by nation . The economic summit marks the third time in a year that the world 's top industrial powers have gathered . They met in November in Washington and followed up with an April session in London . A number of protesters gathered in the area , tracked by police . At one point , riot police used pepper spray or tear gas on the protesters . CNN 's Brian Todd was one of the people affected by the spray or gas . See iReport photos of police and protesters " "  It really drove the protesters back , " Todd said . "  It drove us back . It burned our eyes . It really burned our throats for a while . It got pretty dicey there . " Watch Todd 's report " After that , Todd said , the protesters dispersed somewhat , but police were keeping an eye on the remaining protesters . iReport.com : Pittsburgh braces for protests Among the protesters was a group of several hundred wearing T-shirts reading , "  G20 : Free Tibet Before Free Trade . " The crowd marched about eight blocks before police blocked their path . Officers allowed the protesters to chant in the street for more than an hour before they walked away . There were no arrests . Others chanted pro-marijuana slogans behind the riot police , and another group took up the stadium chant of "  Let 's go Steelers . " CNN 's Steve Brusk and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	G-20 would essentially eclipse the more elite G-8 G-8 would continue to meet on major security issues but carry less influence Group of 20 meeting in Pittsburgh for economic summit U.S. Treasury secretary : Signs of optimism for recovery can be seen
A controversial British politician convicted of inciting racial hatred could soon be sipping tea with Queen Elizabeth at one of her annual garden parties . British National Party leader Nick Griffin , right , pictured in August last year at a party political event . Nick Griffin is the leader of the British National Party , a right-wing group that opposes immigration and wants Britain to withdraw from the European Union . The party said Griffin will attend the queen 's July 21 garden party at Buckingham Palace as a guest of Richard Barnbrook , an elected BNP member of the London Assembly But pressure was mounting Thursday for Barnbrook to pick someone else . "  Unless Mr. Barnbrook brings a more acceptable guest along and does n't turn it into a political stunt , the invitation will be rescinded , " Assembly Chairman Darren Johnson said . Johnson spoke after London Mayor Boris Johnson asked him to intervene in Barnbrook 's plans , the assembly said in a news release . "  We can not tolerate any such abuse of the invitation or any potential embarrassment to Her Majesty , " the mayor wrote in a letter opposing Barnbrook 's choice of guest . Griffin was convicted of inciting racial hatred in 1998 , a London court official said . He was ordered to serve nine months in prison , a sentence that was suspended for two years , the court official added . Griffin was elected leader of the BNP the following year and re-elected in 2007 , according to the party . Queen Elizabeth hosts at least three garden parties every summer at Buckingham Palace as a way to reward and recognize public service . About 8,000 people attend each one , Buckingham Palace says . People are invited on the recommendation of local and national organizations , which are given a quota of tickets , the palace says . In this case , Barnbrook was in line to receive an invitation because he is a recently elected member of the London Assembly , which was allocated a certain number of seats , the assembly said . The palace said it has not yet sent out any invitations . Asked about Griffin 's possible attendance at a garden party , a palace spokesman indicated a guest would be refused only if he is judged to be a direct threat to security . "  The queen does not scrutinize and is not consulted on the list of accompanying guests , as they are official guests and not personal invitations , " said the spokesman , who asked not to be named in line with policy . "  Buckingham Palace relies entirely on the nominating organizations " to compile their guest lists , the palace spokesman added . Spokespeople for the London Assembly said at issue was not Barnbrook 's invitation , because he is entitled to receive one as an elected member of the local government . "  The bone of contention here is his choice of person to accompany him , " said an assembly spokesman , who asked not to be identified in line with policy . Barnbrook dismissed "  hysteria " over the issue as a "  to-do and a hoot . " In comments on the party 's Web site , Barnbrook said that if he had the chance to speak with the queen at the party , he would raise the issue of knife crime education among children . "  I would also like to wish her a very happy summer and sample some of her famous tea and clotted cream , which I hope comes from her son 's estate in Cornwall , " Barnbrook said . Garden parties have been held at Buckingham Palace since Queen Victoria began them in the 1860s , the palace says . The queen and her husband , the Duke of Edinburgh , circulate among the guests so that everyone has an equal chance of speaking to a member of the royal family , the palace says . Guests are served tea and refreshments from long buffet tables and "  the quantities served are enormous , " the palace says . At a typical garden party , around 27,000 cups of tea , 20,000 sandwiches and 20,000 slices of cake are consumed . A staff of about 400 will serve guests , according to the palace .	London mayor asks assembly member not to take BNP leader Nick Griffin to party Garden parties at Buckingham Palace began by Queen Victoria in the 1860s The queen and her husband circulate among around 8,000 guests at each event Palace : The queen is not consulted on the choice of accompanying guests
CNN  U.S. District Judge Terrence Berg is recovering from a gunshot wound after an apparent robbery attempt in Detroit . The FBI confirms he was shot Thursday night . CNN affiliate WDIV is reporting that the judge was shot in front of his home and that Detroit police say they think it "  happened during a robbery attempt , which likely had nothing to do with his profession . " Berg was nominated by President Obama to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan in April 2012 . Berg also was an assistant U.S. attorney for over 20 years , specializing in fraud and technology crimes , according to his District Court biography . "  Detroit police said two men approached Berg , a struggle ensued and a shot was fired , striking him in the leg . The two men , likely in their teens to early 20s , escaped the scene in a dark-colored Dodge Charger , " according to WDIV reports . The affiliate says Berg was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . Berg was born in Detroit in 1959 . He is married and has three children . CNN 's Tina Burnside and Jennifer Moore contributed to this report .	U.S. District Judge Terrence Berg was shot in front of his home , CNN affiliate reports Detroit police say there was a struggle after two men approached him , report says Affiliate says he has non-life-threatening injuries after a shot struck him in the leg
French hostage Herve Gourdel was abducted and beheaded , a killing shown on video , French President Francois Hollande told the United Nations General Assembly on Wednesday . "  You will understand that today I am speaking before you with a particularly high level of emotion because one of my compatriots has just been subject of a cowardly assassination , " Hollande said . "  He was a man who was full enthusiasm . He loved the mountains . He thought he would be able to pursue his passion moving into the Ouzou area in Algeria . " Hollande said the attack wo n't affect France 's role in the battle against terrorism . "  France will never give in to blackmail , to pressure , to barbaric acts . Quite to the contrary , France knows what is expected , " Hollande said . Earlier , Hollande expressed his condolences to Gourdel 's family in a news conference at the French mission . Gourdel was kidnapped over the weekend in Algeria 's Tizi Ouzou region east of Algiers , the French Foreign Ministry said . The video was posted online Wednesday . It shows armed men who claim to belong to Islamist militant group Jund al-Khilafa -- or Soldiers of the Caliphate -- in Algeria . They pledge allegiance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the leader of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . ISIS execution videos strikingly similar Titled "  A message of blood for the French government , " the video surfaced as French Prime Minister Manuel Valls addressed the French National Assembly , the country 's lower house of parliament , about the fight against ISIS . France is part of a broad coalition that is working with the United States to combat the brutal extremist group . According to his website , Gourdel was born in 1959 and when he was a teenager decided he wanted to become a mountain guide . He opened a guide office in Saint Martin-Vésubie in 1987 where he spent more than 20 years , the website says . He was also an active member of a mountaineering club that spent time in France 's Mercantour National Park . The Algerian government called the beheading an act of "  criminals . " "  It is with a lot of sorrow and sadness that the Algerian government has learned about the horrible assassination of French national Pierre Hervé Gourdel , an odious and despicable act committed by a group of criminals , " officials said , according to the state-run Algerie Presse Service news agency . Hollande said he spoke with Algerian Prime Minister Abdelmalek Sellal , who assured Hollande he would commit a maximum effort to find the killers and Gourdel 's body . "  We owe it to his family , " Hollande said . The video appears to show the latest beheading of a Westerner by an Islamist extremist group . Since mid-August , ISIS has beheaded American journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley and British aid worker David Haines . The new video came on the same day U.S. President Barack Obama addressed the United Nations , calling for all countries to unite against terrorism and brutality wrought by ISIS . The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria goes against everything Islam stands for , he said . Islam , Obama said , is about peace . Obama publicly extended the condolences of the United States to the people of France for the death of Gourdel . The U.N. Security Council issued a statement condemning the "  heinous and cowardly murder . "	French President Francois Hollande says he has assurances Algeria will seek justice Herve Gourdel , in his late 50s , was a mountaineer France wo n't back down against terrorism , Hollande says President Obama issues condolences for beheaded French hostage
CNN  -- The Cy Young Award winners as Major League Baseball 's best pitchers in 2012 could n't be more different . In the American League , a young left-hander with a blazing fastball , entering the prime of his career , narrowly topped the 2011 recipient . In the National League , a 38-year-old knuckleballer with a mediocre track record until 2010 made his mark on history . Is baseball still the national pastime ? The Tampa Bay Rays ' David Price garnered just enough votes from the Baseball Writers ' Association of America to win the AL prize . Price , 27 , tied for the American League lead with 20 wins , against only five losses , and led the AL with a 2.56 earned run average . Both those marks were career bests for the former Vanderbilt University star , whom the Rays chose with the top pick in the entire 2007 amateur draft . Price also struck out 205 batters , sixth-most in the league . Price earned 14 first-place votes , 13 second-place votes and one third-place nod from the baseball scribes . That acclaim was just enough to edge 2011 AL Cy Young winner Justin Verlander , who picked up 13 first-place votes , 13 second-place votes and two third-place votes for his 17-8 won-lost record , his 2.64 ERA and his league-leading 239 strikeouts . The writers ' association says the contest was the closest since writers first started listing more than one pitcher on their ballots in 1970 . R.A. Dickey and the Zen of the knuckleball Price 's teammate , relief pitcher Fernando Rodney , garnered the final AL first-place vote and finished fifth in the overall AL voting , among nine pitchers who gained mention . Unlike Price , the New York Mets ' R.A. Dickey dominated the competition in the NL Cy Young voting , just as he dominated from the mound this year . Dickey became the first knuckleball thrower to win the game 's most prestigious individual pitching award , earning 27 first-place votes and five second-place votes for his historic season . Dickey went 20-6 with a 2.73 ERA , and his dancing pitches baffled a National League-leading 230 hitters . In addition , Dickey led the NL in innings pitched , complete games , and shutouts . Mirroring the AL , the 2011 NL Cy Young Award winner was this year 's runner-up . Los Angeles Dodger Clayton Kershaw was rewarded for his outstanding season , which included a league-best 2.53 ERA and just one fewer strikeout than Dickey , with two first-place votes and second place overall . The Washington Nationals ' Gio Gonzalez , the Cincinnati Reds ' Johnny Cueto , and the Atlanta Braves ' Craig Kimbrel each claimed one first-place nod . The Baseball Writers ' Association of America is comprised of two beat writers representing each of the 14 teams in the American League and each of the 16 teams in the National League . Each writer ranks his or her top five pitchers in order , with points allocated on a 7-4-3-2-1 basis .	Tampa Bay Rays fireballer David Price wins the American League Cy Young Award New York Mets knuckleballer R.A. Dickey wins the National League Cy Young Award 2011 winners Justin Verlander and Clayton Kershaw come in second in their leagues Annual pitching awards are voted on by the Baseball Writers ' Association of America
CNN  -- A lawmaker 's remarks at a roast for Sheriff Joe Arpaio made audience members chuckle and applaud . But critics of the controversial Arizona sheriff say they are n't laughing . Comments made by state Rep. John Kavanagh , they say , were racist jokes that used Latinos as the punchline . The tumult comes after the Southern Poverty Law Center , a civil rights organization that has criticized Arpaio in the past , posted audio recordings from the recent roast on its website . "  Sheriff Joe is the kind of guy that you got ta love , as long as you have papers , " Kavanagh quips in the recording . "  Going out with Joe is always an adventure , " he continues , "  because usually when we walk into a restaurant , most of the waitstaff and cooks dive out the back window , and when they do n't , I never know what the hell 's in my food . " It 's comments like that , the law center claims , that show why conservatives have a hard time connecting with Latinos . "  There is a fundamental lack of respect , " the center said . Kavanagh declined CNN 's interview request . But in a written statement , he called the Southern Poverty Law Center 's post a personal attack . "  The jokes I made at the Sheriff Joe Arpaio Roast , at his invitation , were satirical comedy . The jokes were not directed at minority group members but at the target of the roast -- Sheriff Arpaio . The jokes were jabs against the sheriff based upon allegations of his department 's engaging in racial profiling , " Kavanagh said . "  The Southern Poverty Law Center edited out selected portions of a much longer roast on many topics not related to racial profiling . The humor was typical of roasts and had I made the same jokes against Sheriff Arpaio at their annual dinner , I suspect that they would have been laughing as much as this audience laughed . Likewise , had these jokes been made on a TV comedy or variety show , there would also be no controversy . " Kavanagh , a Republican , was a major supporter of Arizona 's just-vetoed religious freedom bill and also supported its 2010 law cracking down on illegal immigration . The clip posted online included about six minutes excerpted from remarks that lasted around 20 minutes at the roast . In his roast , Kavanagh also joked about Arpaio 's age and other topics , including singer Justin Bieber 's legal problems . Arpaio , who calls himself America 's toughest sheriff , told CNN there 's no basis for allegations that Kavanagh is racist . "  It was a roast . John Kavanagh 's my friend . I support him . He 's not a racist . He 's very funny , " Arpaio said . "  So , he made these comments , I ca n't speak whether he went too far . " The sheriff accused people criticizing the roast of having a double standard . "  Everybody 's talking about him . What about all the activists and the civil rights  groups  that called me Nazi and Hitler ? For four years , they 've been doing that , on street corners and everywhere else , " he said . "  Why is n't there an uproar about going after me , calling me every name in the book ? Why are they worried about just some roast ? " Last year , a federal court in Phoenix ruled that Arpaio 's handling of people of Latino descent was not tough enforcement of immigration laws but instead amounted to racial and ethnic profiling . The judge later ordered a federal monitor to keep tabs on Arpaio 's office and make sure officers were n't racially profiling anymore . The monitor was also a subject of jokes during Kavanagh 's roast . "  It 's OK . I 'm not the federal monitor , " he said . "  How many Hispanics did you pull over on the way over here , Arpaio , huh ? " Arpaio 's tough , headline-grabbing punishments have earned him diehard supporters and fiery opponents . He 's issued pink underwear to the men detained in the county 's jails and said he is saving taxpayers money by removing salt and pepper from prison meals . In January , Arpaio said inmates who allegedly defaced American flags placed in their jail cells would be punished with a diet of bread and water . CNN 's Ana Cabrera , Gustavo Valdes , Brooke Baldwin , Faith Karimi and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Rep. John Kavanagh is under fire after remarks at a roast for Sheriff Joe Arpaio Critics say his jokes were racist and used Latinos as the punchline Kavanagh says the jokes were "  satirical comedy " aimed at Arpaio A civil rights group says they show conservatives do n't respect Latinos
Washington  CNN  -- A federal safety board called Tuesday for a nationwide ban on the use of cell phones and text messaging devices while driving . The recommendation is the most far-reaching yet by the National Transportation Safety Board , which in the past 10 years has increasingly sought to limit the use of portable electronic devices -- recommending bans for novice drivers , school bus drivers and commercial truckers . Tuesday 's recommendation , if adopted by states , would outlaw non-emergency phone calls and texting by operators of every vehicle on the road . It would apply to hands-free as well as hand-held devices , but devices installed in the vehicle by the manufacturer would be allowed , the NTSB said . The recommendation would not affect passengers ' rights to use such devices . Study : Distracted drivers in denial NTSB members say the action is necessary to combat a growing threat posed by distracted drivers . While distracted driving has been a problem "  since the Model T , " in the words of NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman , authorities say it has become ubiquitous with the explosion in the number of portable smart phones . At any given daylight moment , some 13.5 million drivers are on hand-held phones , according to a study released last week by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . Some 3,092 roadway fatalities last year involved distracted drivers , although the actual number may be far higher , NHTSA said . "  This  distracted driving  is becoming the new DUI . It 's becoming epidemic , " said NTSB member Robert Sumwalt . Accident investigators routinely seek protective orders to preserve smart phones for use as evidence in accident investigations , Hersman said . But because distracted drivers sometimes do not own up to their actions , or because they die during the crash , determining whether distraction was a factor in an accident can be difficult . That was the case in a 2010 chain-reaction accident near Gray Summit , Missouri . During the 11 minutes prior to that incident , the driver of a pickup truck received five text messages , and sent six , and he was seen leaning over just before the accident , leading investigators to believe the driver was likely distracted when his truck plowed at 55 mph into the rear of a tractor trailer , which had slowed or stopped because of a highway work zone . Two school buses then plowed into the wreckage . Two people -- including the pickup truck driver and a bus occupant -- were killed ; 38 other people were injured . The driver of the pickup truck was 19 years old , and was in violation of a Missouri law prohibiting drivers under the age of 21 from texting while driving . But the safety board focused little on the age of the driver , casting "  distracted driving " as epidemic among people of all ages . Time : How dangerous is it , really ? The NTSB said cell phone laws alone would not solve the problem , but must be accompanied by aggressive educational campaigns and strict enforcement . The Missouri State Highway Patrol had issued only 120 citations for texting in a two-year-period , the NTSB said . Currently , a patchwork of laws governs cell-phone usage by drivers . Some 35 states ban text messaging while driving , 30 states ban cell-phone use by novice drivers , and 10 ban all use of hand-held cell phones , according to the NTSB . The safety board also recommended the electronics industry develop phones that would discourage their use by drivers , but could identify a car occupant 's location so that passengers could use the devices . A Virginia Tech Transportation Institute study of commercial drivers found that a safety-critical event is 163 times more likely if a driver is texting , e-mailing or accessing the Internet . The NTSB 's action is a recommendation only , but the board has been instrumental in leading for changes in other areas of transportation safety . Chairwoman Hersman said the ban may inconvenience motorists , but would save lives . "  Needless lives are lost on our highways , and for what ? Convenience ? Death is n't convenient , " Hersman said . "  So we can stay more connected ? A fatal accident severs that connection . " The NTSB 's investigation of the August 5 , 2010 , Missouri crash also exposed numerous other safety shortcomings . Although Missouri requires school bus inspections twice a year -- one by the highway patrol and a second by a certified inspection station -- an inspection 10 days before the accident did not reveal faulty brakes on one of the buses , the NTSB said . The faulty brakes were not a factor in the accident , the NTSB said , because the driver said she did not hit the brakes before the crash . But the NTSB criticized the service station that inspected the brakes , the contract owner of the school buses , and the highway patrol . The highway patrol gave the bus company a "  Total Fleet Maintenance Award " before the accident because 100 % of its buses had passed inspection . In an unannounced inspection following the tragedy , the pass rate dropped to 60 % , the NTSB said . The NTSB said both the inspection station and the highway patrol performed inadequate inspections . Read featured comments from this story	NTSB has been trying to limit the use of portable electronic devices in vehicles The recommendation for a total ban includes hands-free devices Study : At any given daylight moment , 13.5 million drivers are on hand-held phones Some 3,092 roadway fatalities last year involved distracted drivers
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- Dressed in fancy clothes , she applies eye liner , dabs her nose with a powder puff and the director shouts , "  Silence , rolling ! " Avika Gor , who plays child bride Anandi in the popular but controversial show . On cue , the star of the show delivers her lines . Meet Anandi , the main character of "  Balika Vadhu , " an Indian television serial . Twelve-year-old Anandi is a child bride who was married off at the age of eight . She now lives with her husband and in-laws , bound by customs and traditions in their home . The daily soap is just over a year old and already one of India 's most highly rated TV shows . An estimated 74 million people watched it in July . The CEO of Colors , the channel the show airs on , says viewers love it because it 's based on reality . Rajesh Kamat said : "  There is enough research on child marriage , the evils of child marriage . We 've based our storyline on that . " Kamat added the concept the show was based on is very much real and most of the incidents depicted in the program still happen in parts of India . Even though the Indian legal age for marriage is 18 for girls and 21 for boys , the law is often ignored . Since it 's an illegal act , it 's very hard to find a record of how many child marriages take place -- but according to UNICEF , 40 percent of all child marriages in the world take place in India . Critics of "  Balika Vadhu " say the premise -- that child marriage takes place in India -- is the only real aspect of the show . The driving force behind child marriage is poverty , says Puja Marwaha , of the children 's charity Child Rights and You . She says child brides are often illiterate , malnourished , considered a burden on their parents -- and their lives bear no resemblance to the glossy images seen on TV . According to Marwaha , the serial glorifies child marriage . "  To show it as harmless , is a problem . " "  Poverty is not pretty so the child is not going to be wearing party frocks and looking pretty , contented and happy because that 's not what really happens . What really happens is the child is forced into adult responsibilities too early . Whether it 's the responsibility of motherhood or whether it 's linked to abuse , as is the case many times . " That , according to Marwaha , is the reality of child marriage . The people behind the show say its goal is not to glamorize child marriage -- but to highlight its dark side . Kamat said : "  Have we depicted it in a way that is entertaining ? Yes . Is the evil of child marriage highlighted ? Yes . Are the evils associated with it highlighted ? Absolutely . " In between takes on the set of the show just outside Mumbai , Avika Gor , who plays Anandi , does her part to educate the audience . "  I feel very bad about what 's happening to Anandi . Child marriage is very , very , very , very , very , very , very bad . " Some Indian lawmakers argued the show violated the Indian Constitution and demanded the show be banned . The government looked into it and gave it a clean chit , so the cameras continue to roll on the sets , and the show goes on .	Soap with child bride as central character is one of India 's most watched TV shows Critics says the show glosses over the brutalities of India 's real child brides Executive defends show , says it does highlight evils of child marriages Child brides problem is widespread in India despite 18 being legal age for marriage
CNN  -- Dempsey . Beasley . Howard . With their exhilarating win and nailbiting draw  let 's not talk about the loss  in the World Cup , the boys of the U.S. Men 's National Team are taking on one-name status . But while we 've been mightily impressed by their never-say-die attitude on the field , it turns out they 're darned nice guys off it : family men , musicians and animal-rights advocates . Here 's a side of Team USA that you might not have seen , told through their Instagram feeds . The team plays a win-or-go-home game against Belgium at 4 p.m. ET Tuesday . DaMarcus Beasley : He loves his baby , bowling and bling If there were a World Cup for adorable , his daughter Lia would win . John Brooks : Dog lover . Big brother . Jermaine Jones : Rarely cracks a smile The midfielder is usually sporting a serious face even when showing off his tattoos . Seriousness must run in the family ; his children sport a similar look . Clint Dempsey : Has friends in high places Tim Howard : Serious tattoos And that beard . Graham Zusi : Is very fond of four-legged friends Brad Davis : His FuelBand is cooler than yours Has an eye for the red , white and blue . Matt Besler : Cleans up nicely And a great eye for nature photography . Omar Gonzalez : Learning to play guitar And part-time drone pilot . . How America won the 2014 World Cup Glossary for the budding American World Cup fan CNN 's Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this story .	Several members of the U.S. men 's team are active on social media Posts highlight family , friends and favorite pastimes Personalities are revealed through Instagram posts
CNN  Rescuers rushed from the rubble with babies in their arms after a gas explosion leveled part of a maternity hospital in Mexico City on Thursday , killing at least three people and injuring dozens more . More than 100 people were inside Cuajimalpa Maternal Hospital when the blast occurred at about 7 a.m. , minutes after a hose burst on a truck supplying gas to the building . Paramedics carried bloodied victims on stretchers . Ivonne Lugo Durantes told CNNMexico she spent 10 minutes trapped under rubble before rescuers reached her . The supervising nurse called her husband , Mario Angeles Sanchez , after the blast . As she described what was happening , he heard people in the background screaming for help . "  I am still a little bit in shock . It was a nightmare , " she said , describing how hospital workers tried to rescue babies from a nursery as flames engulfed the building . A nurse and two babies were killed by the blast , Mexico City Health Secretary Armando Ahued told CNN affiliate FOROtv . At least 73 people were injured , he said , including about 20 newborns . Officials initially reported a higher death toll , but later said a mix-up between the number of those deceased and those seriously injured led to an incorrect report . Outside the hospital , frantic family members searched for word of loved ones they feared were inside . Searching continued Thursday evening at the site , though officials said it appeared everyone had been accounted for . Jose Eduardo was relieved to learn his wife and son , who was born on Wednesday , had survived the blast . He heard about the explosion on the news from his home , where he 'd gone to rest after the baby was born . He rushed to the hospital to be by his wife 's side . "  She told me that it started to smell like gas and the ceiling started to fall on everyone , " he told CNNMexico . "  She covered up the baby and ran . " His wife was barefoot when she escaped , he said . Others were naked . "  We started pulling babies from the debris who were alive , " Ignacio , a volunteer at the scene , told CNN . "  We pulled out , fortunately , I think we pulled out seven . We would 've wanted to pull out more . " Witnesses said the explosion shook the neighborhood . "  We heard something , and it smelled so much like gas , really a lot . And then two minutes , three seconds later , we saw an explosion that made everything fly in the air , " witness Teresa Ramirez told CNNMexico . "  It threw me to the ground . " Virginia Gonzalez , who lives near the hospital , said her patio was covered with broken glass from blown-out windows . After the explosion , Mexicans eager to help lined up at hospitals where victims were being treated , offering to donate blood and bringing bottled water and diapers for survivors . Lugo , the nurse who was inside the hospital during the explosion , told CNNMexico she is suffering from first-degree burns but feels lucky to be alive . "  I feel grateful to have another chance to keep living , " she said , "  to keep working as a nurse . " First , calls came into firefighters reporting a gas leak at the hospital , a facility on the southwest outskirts of Mexico City that is part of the government health system . Hospital workers had already started evacuating the building when the explosion happened minutes later , Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera told reporters . One of the city 's publicly accessible webcams captured the blast , showing a plume of smoke rising from the direction of the hospital . A truck was supplying gas to the hospital when apparently a hose burst and the resulting leak caused an explosion , Mancera said . The driver and two assistants delivering the gas have been detained , Mancera 's office told CNNMexico . Two of the detained workers are hospitalized , and one is receiving other medical care , the office said . The gas in question is known as liquefied petroleum gas , a mix that could be mostly propane or mostly butane . These propane/butane mixes are commonly used in Mexico for heating , cooking and other fuel applications . Gas Express Nieto , the company that owned the truck , has operated in Mexico City since 2007 and has a contract to supply gas to hospitals run by the Mexico City government , the mayor said . The hospital is 70 % collapsed , Mancera said , although some walls and steel columns are still standing . Journalists James Fredrick and Sheila A. Sanchez Fermin and CNN 's Krupskaia Alis and Fidel Gutierrez contributed to this report from Mexico City . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Mayra Cuevas contributed from Atlanta .	Three men have been taken into custody in connection with the blast A baby injured in the blast has died , bringing the total number of fatalities to 3 Mexico City 's mayor says a gas leak was reported , then there was an explosion
A Salvador Dali etching that was anonymously donated to Goodwill fetched $ 21,005 in an online auction , the nonprofit said Tuesday . The money will fund 12 scholarships to provide job training to people with disabilities and disadvantages , said Amanda Bedell , spokeswoman for Goodwill Industries in Tacoma , Washington . The buyer , identified only as an East Coast man by Goodwill , said that he and his wife are interested in Dali 's work . "  We saw the Dali on the news and thought it would be a great way to add to our collection while supporting a great cause , " he said in a statement . "  We donate to Goodwill all the time and are very happy that our purchase is helping those in need . " Earlier this month , an anonymous donor dropped off the framed Dali piece at the Goodwill facility in Federal Way , Washington . The work by the master surrealist is a colored etching , and the framed piece even features the familiar Dali motif of a melting watch placed on the wrist of a pointing hand . Its title is "  Reflection " or "  Reflections , " from "  The Cycles of Life Suite , " and the art is signed by Dali and numbered "  126/150 . " The work is also labeled as an "  etching and photolithography from collage . " Goodwill auctioned the art on its website , and bidding ended Monday night . Goodwill does n't know who the donor is . He or she managed to sneak away during a busy time at the drop-off facility , the organization said . But the donor kept intact the back of the frame , which contained an envelope with a certificate of authenticity and registration number from a defunct gallery in North Hollywood , California . An appraiser retained by Goodwill also confirmed the authenticity of the Dali , and the charitable organization also ensured the art had not been stolen , Bedell said . The nonprofit provides employment and training programs to people with disabilities and disadvantages , and the group sells donated goods in more than 2,600 stores . Goodwill held on to the Dali for a week in case someone claimed it had been donated accidentally , Bedell said . "  We do n't know the background of what the circumstances were , " Bedell said of the donation . "  It 's a steady stream of people coming in . It 's not necessarily documented what every person comes in with . " About 74 million people in the United States and Canada donate annually to Goodwill , Bedell said . Most donated goods are sold at Goodwill stores , but prizes such as the Dali are auctioned online to maximize their value , said Shea Munroe , who works for Goodwill 's online department in Federal Way . The Dali was the highlight of Munroe 's past six years of working for the nonprofit , in addition to her two years of service in the 1970s , she said . But the Dali piece is not the most prized art auctioned by Goodwill : A Frank Weston Benson oil painting , dated 1924 and also donated anonymously , was sold online by Goodwill in 2006 for $ 165,002 .	Sold ! A Salvador Dali etching raises $ 21,005 in a Goodwill online auction The etching was anonymously donated to Goodwill in Federal Way , Washington The couple who bought it say they like master surrealist Dali -- and helping Goodwill The money will fund job training scholarships for people with disabilities and disadvantages
CNN  -- First of all , of course we 'd rather see more original blockbusters created with female leads in mind . Though Hollywood has made strides in recent years toward more gender and racial diversity , success stories like Shonda Rhimes , Mindy Kaling and Tina Fey are still the exceptions , not the rule . There 's plenty of research showing that women are still sorely underrepresented onscreen and behind the scenes . But news that a female version of "  Ghostbusters " got us thinking about other films we 'd like to see recast with female leads . Turns out it 's a ton of fun to imagine who would be the female Cheech or Chong or Indiana Jones . We also asked CNN 's Facebook audience what they thought and came up with the gallery above . Let us know what you 'd add in the comments , but keep in mind that "  Magic Mike " is well-worn territory .	We asked CNN 's Facebook audience which women they 'd like to see in male roles Zoe Saldana as Harrison Ford in "  Indiana Jones " ? Why not ? Share your recommendations in the comments
Editor 's note : Mark Sanford , a Republican , is governor of South Carolina . Gov. Mark Sanford says opposition to the stimulus bill does n't mean doing nothing to fix the economy . COLUMBIA , South Carolina  CNN  -- When a debate as important -- both in terms of policy and politics -- as the one currently rolling around our nation regarding the president 's "  stimulus " plan takes place , emotion often takes precedence over fact . Words are ripped out of context , motives ascribed where none may exist , political strategies implemented with limited regard for actuality . This , then , is the playing field we step onto -- as it has long been . But , as those in South Carolina have often heard me say , it is important to disagree without being disagreeable . So let 's take a clear-eyed look at Paul Begala 's recent defense of the president , which happened to refer to me by name -- because what I and others have suggested is far from "  doing nothing . " First , dispense with the notion that there are simply two options here : Support the stimulus package or do nothing . The Washington Post debunked that idea quite convincingly earlier this week . In truth , there are a variety of options outside a spending bill of unprecedented scope available in this time of considerable economic distress , including , but not limited to , cutting the payroll tax , opening foreign markets through an expansion of our trade agreements , and reducing our corporate tax , which is among the highest worldwide . Second , we should all be skeptical of any argument centered on the idea of doing something for doing something 's sake . We ca n't focus on the why and simply ignore the what . And what does this particular rendition of "  doing something " actually do ? According to the Congressional Budget Office , the effects of the bill on job growth as early as 2011 would be miniscule . More distressingly , CBO 's long-term projections estimate that due to "  crowding out of private investment , " the package will result in a reduction of our GDP as early as 2019 . As for the jobs created in the short-term , what 's the cost ? The Heritage Foundation crunched the president 's own numbers and came up with this startling figure : for every single job the bill creates , American taxpayers will spend $ 223,000 . Examining the bill 's contents makes clear just how foolhardy that is . What stimulant effect will we get from the $ 180 million of spending on "  diplomatic and consular services ? " Should taxpayers really be doling out $ 300 million for what one newspaper described as "  streamlined golf carts ? " And , even though it did n't make it into the final version of the bill , why would anyone even consider letting the very investment bankers whose companies just pulled down a few hundred million dollars in TARP funds to be in line to receive a $ 15,000 government credit for buying a new Hamptons beach house ? Finally , history shows us quite clearly that a government can not spend its way out of an economic downturn . It did n't work in Japan in the 1990s , when the 10 stimulus packages implemented over an eight year period failed to prevent the "  lost decade . " And the New Deal , which the president 's supporters are so quick to point to ? Here are the thoughts of Henry Morgenthau , FDR 's Treasury Secretary : "  We have tried spending money . We are spending more than we have ever spent before and it does not work . ... I say after eight years of this administration we have just as much unemployment as when we started ... And an enormous debt to boot ! " The president 's stimulus represents the largest and most invasive economic action in our government 's history . For a relatively small number of short-term jobs , this administration and this Congress are poised to mortgage the economic future of my four boys and the millions of young Americans just like them . To me , that 's simply not a morally acceptable outcome . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Sanford .	Mark Sanford : Opposing the stimulus is n't an argument for doing nothing He says tax and trade policies could be used to bolster the economy Sanford says expanded spending will not get us out of the economic turndown He says he ca n't support burdening our kids with the debt from stimulus plan
Ready for Hillary , a super PAC founded by Hillary Clinton devotees , has started to grease the wheels of state politics , currying favor with local Democrats by exchanging important data about the group 's supporters with Senate and House campaigns ahead of the 2014 midterms . The list exchanges are a clear attempt by the super PAC to build goodwill and to win over state parties ahead of a possible Clinton presidential run in 2016 . To date , the PAC has exchanged records with campaigns in 14 different states : Six U.S. Senate campaigns , four House races , four gubernatorial campaigns and three Democratic committees and organizations , according to a person familiar with the list swaps . In return , Ready for Hillary is receiving data from each campaign and growing their list of possible volunteers and donors ahead of 2016 . Representatives from the group declined to name specific campaigns with which they have swapped names , citing confidentially agreements with each campaign . Ready for Hillary has built the list a number of ways . Supporters become part of the group 's voter file when they give a donation or attend an event put on by the group . The PAC has held over 500 events across the country -- the majority of which were in early presidential primary and caucus states . All of those names , emails and phone numbers , along with some other details , go into the Ready for Hillary voter file . Although seemingly simple , there is power in the names . Some political data experts argue a good data file is worth more than donations . A former state party data director , who asked for anonymity to speak candidly , said getting names from a national organization is an "  enormously helpful . " "  State parties almost never have the money to do this on their own , " the official said . "  State parties need national folks to do it . " CNN asked a number of state parties and Senate campaigns to confirm whether they swapped names with Clinton . All failed to respond . The swaps are more than just currying favor , too . They are also an attempt by Ready for Hillary -- a group that has been criticized by some Democrats for focusing too much on 2016 's presidential election -- to quell those concerns and help Democrats in 2014 . More valuable than money Democrats face a difficult map in the 2014 midterms . Winning back control of the House has all but become a pipe dream and the party is focused on maintaining control of the Senate -- an endeavor that may prove difficult . In turn , campaigns and state parties are looking for as much help as they can get . One such way is to provide campaigns with a list of politically engaged voters and volunteers in their area . Anthony Corrado , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and expert on campaign finance , said "  These names are increasingly as valuable as a contribution . " "  Campaigns are starting to realize that good names are more important than just having more dollars to spend on television , " said Corrado , who also is a professor of government at Colby College . "  These names become people who can do the important things that campaigns ca n't necessarily buy . " Lists are an important , yet complex , aspect of campaigns . Once cultivated by an organization , they can be traded , sold or rented to different groups . Each list is worth a certain amount of money , too , which is given by third-party companies that house each data set . Corrado said the practice is becoming more common as power of online campaigning grows . In Ready for Hillary 's case , lists are traded "  on a one-for-one basis " for "  equal value , " according to a person familiar with the list swaps . Good data lists do more than just activate voters and raise money . The most up-to-date voter lists connect supporters to their social media accounts and can be used to engage people through their friends and family . One senior Democratic source who has worked with data at the highest levels said this amount of detail can be critical for a campaign 's messaging . "  I would argue that in this era of declining trust in politicians and political ads , the validation that comes from your friends is critical , " the source said . Democrats have held a data advantage over Republicans for the better part of the last 10 years and President Barack Obama showed in 2008 and 2012 how critical understanding voters and the data around them can be to winning the White House . In order to win the White House in 2016 -- should she run -- Clinton will have to tap back into the Democratic advantage . Swaps help Ready for Hillary ... and Hillary List development and swapping is a practice that dates all the way back to the Watergate era and has traditionally been done by campaign committees or leadership PACs . But Hillary Clinton 's possible 2016 candidacy is unique . Clinton was out of domestic politics for four years while she served as secretary of state and does not have a leadership PAC within her direct control , as is the case for other possible 2016 candidates . Enter Ready for Hillary , a group of outside supporters , former aides and excited young staffers who have spent the last year holding events across the country for a candidate who has yet to even announce her intentions . When it was founded in 2013 , the group had two primary goals : Urge the former secretary of state to run for president and collect a massive amount of voter data to help that endeavor . But with time and backing from prominent former Clinton aides , Ready for Hillary has grown in popularity and its goals have evolved . The group , though , has faced some skepticism since its founding . Early on , some questioned Ready for Hillary 's goals and its ties to Clinton . More recently , some Democrats have worried that the group was causing key voters to overlook 2014 in favor of 2016 . Seth Bringman , Ready for Hillary 's spokesman , disagrees with the latter criticism . "  From the moment our organization was created , we have sought ways to channel the massive enthusiasm around a potential Hillary 2016 campaign into helping Democratic efforts this year , " Bringman told CNN . But words only go so far and the PAC is trying to counter questions with actions . Ready for Hillary has kept eight regional staff throughout the country , including two staffers in California , Iowa , New Hampshire and Virginia . These staffers connect with local parties and attend party conventions and meetings , regularly with checks in hand to donate from the PAC . Since May , Ready for Hillary has donated thousands of dollars to 29 different state parties , according to a source with the group . Most of these donations were upwards of $ 10,000 , the max the group can give to a state party . But do n't expect Ready for Hillary to stay focused too long on the midterms . Just days after voters go to the polls this November , Ready for Hillary will hold a strategy session in New York City for its top donors . The event is being billed as the "  premier opportunity " for supporters to "  come together and meet one another while we wait to hear what Hillary will decide . " And the list that Ready for Hillary has been swapping is also a key piece to the group 's 2016 strategy . Multiple people close to Ready for Hillary acknowledge quietly that the super PAC will likely sell , rent or swap with a hypothetical Clinton campaign . The name swaps also help if Clinton decides to run . The former first lady is the prohibitive to be the Democrats ' presidential nominee in 2016 . She has the highest name recognition and is ahead in every poll . What she will need to do over the next year if runs : Win over the state politicos and parties . While it is sometimes hard to believe that a few names , phone numbers and emails can curry favor among state parties , according to multiple big data experts , the names can sway state parties and local political operatives . That is what Ready for Hillary is banking on .	Pro-Clinton super PAC is exchanging data and the names of its supporters with Senate , House campaigns Exchanges an attempt to build goodwill with state parties that will be important if Clinton runs Data about voters is important because it can build a campaign 's fund-raising , volunteer efforts "  These names are increasingly as valuable as a contribution , " says expert
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- In the heart of Sao Paulo , Brazil 's largest city , the Little Peruvian Corner turns out spicy lomo saltado -- or jumping sirloin -- for a fast-growing immigrant population . Edgar Villar is the proud owner . After nine years in Brazil , often working illegally for next to no pay , he has opened his own restaurant . He sends $ 150 to $ 500 a month to his mother in Lima , Peru . "  Brazil has a strong economy , so you can make money if you are careful about what business you get involved in , " he says . Immaculate red and white tables dot the second-floor walk-up business that 's usually full of Peruvian immigrants at lunchtime . Villar arrived in Brazil from Lima on a tourist visa years ago . The money he had to live on quickly ran out . He took jobs sewing textiles and even worked for room and board so he could learn the jewelry-making trade . "  It was n't slave labor because I knew what I was getting into , " he said . "  And I really learned a trade . " Villar took advantage of a 2009 amnesty program from the Brazilian government to become a legal resident and worker . He used his savings and legal status to open Little Peruvian Corner . Villar hired Peruvian immigrants as waiters and cooks , but he still dons an apron and fries up the popular dishes . "  I still do a bit of everything , " he says . "  It depends on the day . " For decades , it was working-class Brazilians who went abroad in search of opportunity , fueling the domestic economy with remittances . But today more immigrants are coming to Brazil , Latin America 's economic powerhouse . There are about 2 million foreign residents - both legal and illegal immigrants . Many are blue-collar workers from Bolivia , Peru and Paraguay . Some are from as far away as Angola . They typically work in sweatshops , churning out textiles or stringing together costume jewelry . The Center for Immigrants ' Human Rights says Brazil 's immigrant population will continue to boom . "  We 've got the World Cup in 2014 and then the Olympics , " says Paulo Illes , a coordinator at the center . "  So there are going to be opportunities in totally new sectors like civil construction . " And that will be positive for other economies as immigrants send money back home . Sao Paulo 's Bolivian immigrants tend to congregate on Coimbra Street , a couple of blocks from a bustling wholesale textile market . Women sell Bolivian chairo stew and fresh bread on the street . On Coimbra , bus tickets to Bolivia for the holidays are offered in local shops . While life has become easier for immigrant communities , there are still many struggles . They must learn Portuguese , work in often difficult conditions and , in some cases , avoid police raids . But Chalo Mendoza says things have improved since he started working in Sao Paulo a decade ago . "  When I arrived I was alone . Now it 's like the street is paved with Bolivians , " he says . Mendoza 's popular Chalo Barbershop is a gathering spot for Bolivians . Dozens of job and housing notices line the shop 's hallway . "  We have rights and obligations , " he says . "  We have to comply with Brazilian law . But we are also good for Brazil . "	Immigrants contribute to Brazil 's economy They also send money from their small businesses to their home countries Amnesty program in 2009 allowed immigrants to be legal residents and workers
Washington  CNN  -- House Speaker John Boehner 's proposal to avert the looming fiscal cliff 's automatic tax increases failed to curry enough Republican support Thursday night , after which Congress left for the holiday with no clear end in sight in the high-stakes debate . Boehner said earlier Thursday that he was confident that his so-called Plan B -- which would extend tax cuts that are set to expire at year 's end for most people while allowing rates to increase to 1990s levels on income over $ 1 million -- would pass the House , and in the process put pressure on President Barack Obama and the Democratic-controlled Senate . But his gambit seemed in doubt later as Republican leaders struggled to get most all their members to sign on -- even enlisting senators like Sen. Rob Portman , to work the House floor -- knowing the chamber 's Democrats oppose it . Then , around 8 p.m. , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor announced that the measure would not go up for a vote as planned . "  The House did not take up the tax measure today because it did not have sufficient support from our members to pass , " Boehner said in a statement . "  Now it is up to the president to work with Senator  Harry  Reid on legislation to avert the fiscal cliff . " Democratic leaders already had signaled they oppose the so-called Plan B . After Thursday night 's unexpected reversal , Republican legislators walked past reporters through the halls of Congress , and most did not take questions . One who did -- Rep. Jeff Flake , an Arizonan who will move to the Senate next month -- said he was disappointed . "  It 's too bad ; I 'd rather vote on it tonight , " said Flake , who said he sides with Democrats in backing the extension of tax cuts except for household income of more than $ 250,000 . "  Get it done . " What this means next in the fiscal cliff talks is unclear . From here , scenarios range from intensified and ultimately successful talks in the coming days or entrenchment as the fiscal cliff becomes a reality next year , when a new Congress could enter negotiations with Obama . The Plan B was significant because Republican leaders previously insisted they would n't raise rates on anyone , while Obama called tax rates for those earning more than $ 250,000 threshold to return to 1990s levels while extending tax cuts for everyone else . Although the House did n't vote on Boehner 's tax measure , most Republicans did vote together earlier Thursday as the House narrowly approved , 215-209 , a related measure to alter automatic spending cuts set to kick in next year under the fiscal cliff , replacing cuts to the military with reductions elsewhere . The Congressional Budget Office said this would lead to $ 217.7 billion in cuts over the next decade , short of the $ 1.2 trillion in cuts that would go into effect in January if the fiscal cliff is n't averted . Moments after that vote , the White House issued a statement indicating it would veto this bill . But that should be a moot point , since Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has said he wo n't bring it up for a vote . Republicans consider piggybacking spending cuts to ` Plan B ' "  For weeks , the White House said that if I moved on rates , that they would make substantial concessions on spending cuts and entitlement reforms , " House Speaker John Boehner said before his plan fell flat . "  I did my part . They 've done nothing . " While the Ohio congressman said Obama seems "  unwilling to stand up to his own party on the big issues that face our country , " Democrats say Republican leaders are buckling to their conservative base by backing off as negotiations seemed to be nearing a deal . White House spokesman Jay Carney called the GOP alternatives "  a major step backwards , " claiming they 'd lead to extended tax cuts of $ 50,000 for millionaires . Reid slammed the two Republican measures -- the one that passed and the one that was n't brought up for a vote -- as "  pointless political stunts . " The war of words notwithstanding , Boehner , Carney and Senate Democratic leaders all said they are ready to talk . Reid has said the Senate -- with many members attending a memorial service Friday and funeral in Hawaii on Sunday for Sen. Daniel Inouye -- will be back at work December 27 . And after Thursday 's session , Cantor 's office said legislative business was finished for the week but the House could reconvene after Christmas if needed . "  I remain hopeful , " Boehner said . "  Our country has big challenges , and the president and I are going to have to work together to solve those challenges . " The path toward the fast-approaching fiscal cliff The possibility of a fiscal cliff -- which economists warn will hit the American economy hard -- was set in motion two years ago , as a way to force action on mounting government debt . Negotiations between top Congressional Republicans and Democrats resumed after Obama 's re-election last month as did the barbs from both sides . Polling has consistently shown most Americans back the president , who insists wealthy Americans must pay more , rather than Boehner and his Republican colleagues , who have balked at tax rate hikes and demanded spending cuts and entitlement program reforms . A new CNN/ORC International survey released Thursday showed that just over half of respondents believe Republicans should give up more in any solution and consider the party 's policies too extreme . CNN poll : Are GOP policies too extreme ? The two sides seemingly had made progress on forging a $ 2 trillion deficit reduction deal that included new revenue sought by Obama and spending cuts and entitlement changes desired by Boehner . Senior administration officials said Obama and Boehner have not spoken since Monday , when the president made a counterproposal to a Republican offer over the weekend . The president 's offer set $ 400,000 as the household income threshold for a tax rate increase . It also included a new formula for the consumer price index applied to benefits for programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid to protect against inflation , much to the chagrin of some liberals . The new calculation , called chained CPI , includes assumptions on consumer habits in response to rising prices , such as seeking cheaper alternatives , and would result in smaller benefit increases in future years . Statistics supplied by opponents say the change would mean Social Security recipients would get $ 6,000 less in benefits over the first 15 years of chained CPI . Boehner essentially halted negotiations by introducing his Plan B on Tuesday . He described it as a fallback option to prevent a sweeping tax increase when tax cuts dating to President George W. Bush 's administration expire in two weeks . The spending cut vote -- similar to one passed by the House last year that went nowhere in the Senate -- was added to the docket later Thursday , to appeal to conservative legislators upset about backing a tax increase without acting on spending and protecting the military budget . The House speaker 's reasoning was that the passage of Plan B and the spending bill would put the onus on Obama and Senate Democrats to accept them or offer a compromise . For now , the Obama administration wo n't have to weigh in on the tax part of that scenario . As to the House-approved spending cuts bill , White House spokeswoman Amy Brundage dismissed the GOP alternative as "  nothing more than a dangerous diversion " for eliminating federal funding by negatively impacting millions of seniors , disabled individuals and poor and at-risk children . In a statement Thursday night , the White House did n't address Thursday 's House proceedings but referenced its top priority -- ensuring that 98 % of Americans do n't see their taxes rise in January . The statement expressed confidence that there will be deal on the fiscal cliff but with no explanation of how , when or what such an agreement would look like . "  The president will work with Congress to get this done , and we are hopeful that we will be able to find a bipartisan solution quickly that protects the middle class and our economy , " the White House said . Delay of 100 million tax returns ? CNN 's Tom Cohen , Greg Botelho , Joe Sterling and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The president will work with Congress to get this done , " the White House says The House Speaker says his Plan B was n't voted on because it did n't have "  sufficient support " A bill to alter cuts did narrowly pass the House ; the White House says it would veto The fiscal cliff 's tax hikes and spending cuts are set to take effect in January
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For almost a century , the old dog has traversed landscapes across the United States , with weary , budget-conscious travelers peeking out of its windows . Greyhound bus services will run from London to cities such as Portsmouth and Southampton . Now , the iconic Greyhound is taking to the road in Britain . The company will run hourly bus services from London to select cities , starting Monday . In contrast to its U.S. services , however , the buses are glitzier and more luxurious . "  The UK service will have wireless Internet , spacious leather seats , more leg room and free newspapers , " said Alex Warner , managing director of Greyhound UK . "  Obviously , we wanted our services to reflect the nature of UK passengers . " For inaugural Greyhound service in Britain , the company aimed to start with the best the United States has to offer , Warner added . In North America , the same services are available from New York and Washington to select cities such as Boston and Toronto , Canada . "  There are plans to expand that . Americans should watch closely . We will introduce more of these services based on how well they are received in the UK , " Warner said . Despite the added benefits , fares will still target the budget-conscious traveler in Britain , according to Warner . The service starts with a few cities -- from London to Portsmouth and Southampton , he said . The approximately 120-kilometer  80-mile  trip will cost # 1  $ 1.60  if a ticket is bought in advance , Warner said . Prices will go up to # 4 or # 5 , depending on time of purchase . "  We are planning to keep the prices within that range , " Warner said . Greyhound Lines is owned by British transport company FirstGroup , which bought it from its U.S. parent in 2007 . It was founded in 1914 , and has services in Mexico and Canada , according to its Web site . In a nod to its cameos in American movies and songs , such as the 1969 film "  Midnight Cowboy " and Simon and Garfunkel 's 1972 hit "  America , " Greyhound plans to keep at least one tie to its U.S. origins . Buses in Britain will be named after classic American songs . The names include "  Sweet Caroline " and "  Good Golly Miss Molly , " Warner said . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Greyhound Lines to run services from London to Portsmouth and Southampton Buses are glitzier and more luxurious than U.S. services Greyhound Lines is owned by British transport company FirstGroup
Minneapolis , Minnesota  CNN  -- Attorney Brian O'Neill has a lifetime of experience when it comes to the legal battles that ensue following major oil catastrophes . After the Exxon Valdez oil tanker crashed in Prince William Sound in 1989 , O'Neill headed straight to Alaska . The Minnesota-based attorney had an interest in environmental issues and wanted to help because , as he put it , "  there were an awful lot of hurt people . " He soon represented 2,600 fishermen and others affected by the spill . What he thought would be a two - or three-year "  adventure " is still the biggest thing on his plate , one-third of his life later . O'Neill successfully argued the 1994 trial after which a jury ordered Exxon to pay $ 5.3 billion in punitive damages to O'Neill 's clients and others affected by the spill . Exxon appealed almost two dozen times and O'Neill was there through it all . In 2008 , the case reached the U.S. Supreme Court , where a 5-3 majority finally set punitive damages at $ 500 million . It was a significant blow to O'Neill and his clients . Today , O'Neill is working to make sure each of his clients receives the remainder of their payments from Exxon , which he expects will be complete by year end . O'Neill spoke with CNN in his downtown Minneapolis office at the Faegre & Benson law firm about the similarities between the Exxon Valdez situation , and the current disaster in the Gulf of Mexico . CNN : What are some of the key similarities you see between the two spills ? O'Neill : The noise and the feeling that you get now is the same as the noise and the feeling that you got in the early days of the Valdez spill , with people saying the same thing and people reacting the same way . It 's going to be interesting when the limelight is no longer on the Gulf as to how BP is going to act and how the federal and state governments are going to act . Because once this is no longer on the front page of the newspaper , everybody 's reaction is going to be ` We need oil . ' Oil runs the universe , and you can see governments settling with BP relatively cheaply and you can see BP at some point in time changing its attitude from ` We 'll pay you ' to ` We 'll pay you if the court tells us to pay you . ' CNN : This week , BP agreed to set aside a $ 20 billion escrow account to compensate U.S. businesses and workers who have been adversely affected by the Gulf oil spill . What are your thoughts on that ? O'Neill : I hope what it means is that they 're going to take $ 20 billion and set up a fund for victims and that you 'll go to the fund and that they 'll pay you interim money and then they 'll pay you final money . That 's my hope . And for a lot of the plaintiffs , they may not need to ever go to court , so they 're not going to get tied up for 20 years . -LSB- In that regard -RSB- it would be really positive . If they 're successful in starting to move money quickly , it 'll be a huge success , but if they 're going to pay anywhere from 30,000 to 100,000 people , that 's awfully tricky . And it 's going to take a lot of work and a lot of money to set this thing up quickly , and it only works if you set it up quickly ... For a lot of these people who live from year to year on their fishing businesses , they could be bankrupt by the end of the year . So that 's what we have to do is we 've got to get money to them quickly . CNN : Did anything surprise you once you started representing the fishermen and taking on Exxon after the Valdez spill ? O'Neill : I thought that -- like a lot of people think now with regard to BP -- that Exxon would want to settle the case relatively early and move on and I was surprised a number of times with the fact that this was World War III to them , and they dealt with it that way ... They spent over $ 400 million on lawyers , essentially defending -LSB- against -RSB- our claims . They took every appeal they could take and they took every delay they could take and filed every motion they could take . Do n't kid yourself : the oil companies have the best lawyers money can buy . CNN : Is that one of the most important things you think people in the Gulf should keep in mind when thinking about filing a claim ? O'Neill : I think that they should -- if they have a claim -- file a claim with BP and see if BP will pay it . If BP does n't pay it I think they ought to go to the federal oil spill fund and see if the oil spill fund will pay it , and then if they have to file suit with the knowledge that it 's gon na be a long haul ... make absolutely sure they 're not giving up any legal rights . The major problem they face other than the legal system is that they do n't know how hard they 've been hit yet . You could say to yourself , if you 're a shrimper , ` Well I have n't fished for the last month . ' But what happens if this toxic oil does something to that fishery ? Or what happens if the presence of that toxic oil does something to the price of Gulf shrimp around the world ? You 're not going to know the answer to some of those things for two or three or four years . So you have to settle part of your case now if you can ... because the scope of the harm to you is unknown . It 's as unknown as where that oil is going to go . CNN : You mentioned the legal system would be one of their biggest problems : can you elaborate on that ? O'Neill : Well if a company is rich enough and powerful enough to hire hundreds of lawyers they can essentially bring the legal system to a halt . They can . Most of these fishermen no longer believe that the court system of the United States provides equal justice . They 've come to a conclusion that is the same as the conclusion that I 've come to , and that is that our governmental institutions will always bail out big oil , and they did here . CNN : Do you think oil still has that great of an influence today ? O'Neill : It 's more than the influence that oil has . It 's whoever controls oil rules the world . The fact that you came downtown in a car that needs oil -LSB- and the fact that -RSB- the electricity in the office is probably the result of oil are everyday reminders of the strategic importance of oil to the United States , and if you 're a judge or you 're the president ... you 're aware of the fact that you need BP and Exxon , so why the heck would you punish BP or Exxon in any way that impairs their ability to survive ? You would n't , no matter how many people they hurt . CNN : Do you have any regrets from this case ? O'Neill : I regret that I have n't done a lot of other professional things for the last 21 years , I do . It was never my plan to be a trial lawyer until I was 63 years old . I was going to go off and do something else , teach law school probably . But I did n't get the chance to do that so that 's my biggest regret . Second regret is it 's hard on you emotionally , so then it 's hard on your family to always be worrying about the same thing all of the time . But we got through it ... I am proud of the work I 've done . I am not proud of the fact that I did n't make my clients whole . I had expected in 1989 that in the end of the day , everybody would be fully compensated for their losses , and they were n't . And that 's in part my fault . So while I 'm proud I lasted 21 years , the result was not what my clients deserved .	After the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster , attorney Brian O'Neill headed to Alaska O'Neill thought he would be representing victims of the spill for three or four years Today , 21 years later , he is still working to make sure his clients are fully compensated
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- Efren Penaflorida was grateful when Typhoon Haiyan bypassed his home in Cavite City , Philippines . But when he saw the devastation in other areas of the country , he wanted to do all he could to help his fellow Filipinos . "  I was crying watching the news , " said Penaflorida , the 2009 CNN Hero of the Year . "  It really sank my heart , seeing all the people who lost their loved ones , houses . They lost everything . " Penaflorida immediately began collecting donations at his mobile "  pushcart classrooms , " which he uses to educate poor children in the country . But he wanted to do more . So he reached halfway around the world to Doc Hendley , a North Carolina clean-water activist who had also been honored as a top 10 CNN Hero in 2009 . After a disaster strikes , access to clean water is vital to help prevent the spread of disease . Hendley , who has responded to humanitarian crises in Darfur , Haiti and Syria , had just started assessing how his nonprofit , Wine to Water , might help the Philippines when he received Penaflorida 's e-mail . "  I was already thinking that maybe I should go , " Hendley said . "  When he shot me the e-mail ... he sealed the deal . "  Our organization depends on relationships with people on the ground ...  and  what better relationship than with Efren ? " Soon , Hendley was on a flight to the Philippines with hundreds of water filters in tow . Penaflorida picked him up at the airport in Manila . "  That was a long trip from the U.S. to the Philippines ... and he has put out his own money and resources to help us , " Penaflorida said . "  We were both excited , seeing each other . " The next day , both men helped volunteers assemble the filters and pack 120,000 meals donated by Stop Hunger Now , one of Hendley 's partner organizations . Then they headed to Tacloban , in the heart of the devastated area , to deliver the filters . Hendley said it 's hard to communicate the scope of the disaster . "  It reminds me of Haiti because the buildings are completely collapsed , destroyed ... but it 's different , " he said . "  The trees on mountains are blown over , lying down like matchsticks , and palm trees have snapped in half , broken . It 's pretty shocking . " Penaflorida said that the destruction was worse than he 'd seen on television , but he soon found reason to take heart . "  When we got to the communities , they were asking for help , " he said . "  When Doc presented them with filters , I saw hope in their eyes . " Hendley said they will have distributed 2,000 filters by the end of the week . Because each filter can provide enough clean water for 10 people , and because each will last for 10 years , Hendley estimates that at least 20,000 people will benefit . He originally planned to return home for the Thanksgiving holiday , but he now intends to stay until early December . "  I could n't be home for a nice Thanksgiving dinner and pretend like nothing happened , " he said . "  There 's too much we have to do . " Penaflorida returned home Wednesday to focus on a new project : bringing his pushcart classrooms to the devastated areas to help educate children while the communities rebuild . The country 's minister of education has expressed strong interest in the large-scale replication of the program , Penaflorida said , and asked him to assess the feasibility during his visit . Penaflorida hopes work can begin in the coming weeks . Other CNN Heroes are also responding to help those affected by the typhoon . Robin Lim , the American-born midwife named CNN Hero of the Year in 2011 , has strong ties to the Philippines ; her mother was Filipino . So after the storm , she brought food and medical supplies . She has also been working with local clinics to provide assistance to pregnant women , new mothers and young children . Unexpectedly , Hendley and Penaflorida ran into Lim as they traveled from Manila , an impromptu Heroes reunion of sorts . Hendley now plans to provide water filters to Lim so she can distribute them to the women and children she is helping . Dr. Laura Stachel , a 2013 Top 10 Hero , has also provided Lim with one of five "  solar suitcases " that she has donated to the relief effort . These portable kits provide essential power to medical clinics . Team Rubicon , a group of military veterans that responds to natural disasters , was on the ground within days of the storm . The group , founded by 2012 CNN Hero Jake Wood , has 43 volunteers in the Philippines providing medical care , opening supply lines and helping repair a field hospital in an area west of Tacloban . Evans Wadongo , a Top 10 CNN Hero in 2010 , is also hoping to partner with Penaflorida . Although Wadongo normally distributes his solar-powered lanterns to rural communities in Africa , he has launched an online campaign to raise funds so he can assist Filipinos more than 5,000 miles away . This outpouring of help has greatly touched Penaflorida . "  CNN Heroes are like family , and I 'm glad that my fellow Heroes have immediately responded , " he said . "  But that 's what you do when you are family : You help each other . ... That makes me feel happy and so grateful . " You can support relief efforts in the Philippines through Penaflorida 's Dynamic Teen Company or Hendley 's Wine to Water or by visiting CNN 's Impact Your World . CNN 's Marissa Calhoun contributed to this report .	Typhoon Haiyan , one of the strongest storms ever recorded , has devastated the Philippines Several CNN Heroes are working together to help those affected by the typhoon Doc Hendley flew in from North Carolina with hundreds of water filters Others are raising money and donating relief supplies of their own
Federal prosecutors were preparing charges Sunday against the surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings even as authorities said they believed he and his brother were allegedly preparing to carry out more attacks when their plans were disrupted . Authorities have not said publicly what charges will be filed against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , but a Justice Department official , who has been briefed on the case , told CNN he will face federal terrorism charges and possibly state murder charges . Tsarnaev , 19 , remains in serious but stable condition with a gunshot wound to the side of the neck , a federal law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Sunday . It is unclear whether Tsarnaev was wounded during his capture or an earlier shootout with police that left his older brother -- the other man wanted in the bombings -- dead , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity . "  He 's not in a condition to be interrogated at this time , " Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis told reporters at a news conference on Sunday afternoon . However , another senior federal official who has been briefed on the investigation told CNN 's Fran Townsend that Tsarnaev has communicated in writing with officials several times . Even as prosecutors worked to put together a case against Tsarnaev , Davis said he believed the brothers were planning another attack before a shootout with police disrupted their plans . "  We have reason to believe , based upon the evidence that was found at the scene -- the explosions , the explosive ordnance that was unexploded and the fire power -- that they were going to attack other individuals , " Davis said Sunday on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation . " He did not say whether investigators had identified a specific target . Authorities believe the brothers bought bomb components locally , but their guns came from elsewhere , another federal law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . The official , who was not authorized to publicly discuss the case , said authorities are trying to trace the guns . Tsarnaev was captured Friday night , days after he and his brother allegedly planted two bombs near the finish line of the Boston Marathon . The blasts killed three people and wounded more than 170 others . Authorities virtually shut down Boston and some of its suburbs as part of a manhunt after authorities say the brothers went on a rampage late Thursday and early Friday . The brothers allegedly hurled explosives at police after killing Massachusetts Institute of Technology police Officer Sean Collier and hijacking a car . What 's next for the suspect ? There are questions about whether Tsarnaev will ever be able to talk given the nature of his wound , Sen. Dan Coats , R-Indiana , said Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  It does n't mean he ca n't communicate , but right now I think he 's in a condition where we ca n't get any information from him at all , " said Coats , a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee . The government has invoked the public safety exception in the case , a designation that allows investigators to question Tsarnaev without reading him his Miranda rights and without a lawyer present , said another Justice Department official , also speaking on condition of anonymity for the same reason . Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel told reporters on a flight to Israel that he has not seen any intelligence that linked the brothers to any terrorist organization , but it was still early in the investigation . But Davis told CNN that he was confident that the brothers were "  the two major actors in the violence that occurred . " "  I told the people of Boston that they can rest easily , that the two people who were committing these vicious attacks are either dead or arrested , and I still believe that , " he said Sunday . The sentiment was echoed by Watertown Police Chief Edward Deveau . "  From what I know right now , these two acted together and alone , " he said . "  I think we have to be ever vigilant , and we 're learning as we go along , but as far as this little cell -- this little group -- I think we got our guys . " Hints of a radical ? While investigators piece together the actions of the brothers in the months and days before the marathon bombings , there appear to be hints that the elder Tsarnaev was becoming radical . The Tsarnaev family hails from the Russian republic of Chechnya and fled the brutal wars there in the 1990s . The two brothers were born in Kyrgyzstan , authorities said . Profiles of the two suspects An FBI official said Saturday agents interviewed Tamerlan Tsarnaev in 2011 at the request of the Russian government . The FBI said Russia claimed he was a follower of radical Islam and a strong believer and that he had changed drastically since 2010 . But a U.S. official and a law enforcement source said Sunday the Russian government 's request was vague . The lack of specifics limited how much the FBI was able to investigate Tamerlan , the law enforcement official said . Tamerlan Tsarnaev apparently became increasingly radical in the last three or four years , according to an analysis of his social media accounts and the accounts of family members . But so far , there is no evidence of active association with international jihadist groups . In August 2012 , soon after returning from his visit to Russia , the elder Tsarnaev created a YouTube channel with links to a number of videos . Two videos under a category labeled "  Terrorists " were deleted . It 's not clear when or by whom . A CNN analysis of the YouTube channel has established that one deleted video featured a militant named Abu Dujana , whose real name was Gadzhimurad Dolgatov . CNN has located a video clip of the footage in question . Russian security services killed Dolgatov in December during an assault on an apartment in Makhachkala , the capital of the Russian Caucasus republic of Dagestan . Dolgatov led a small group in Dagestan that had links to the main Islamist militant group in the region , Imarat Kavkaz . Older suspect in Boston bombings grew increasingly religious , analysis shows Separately , a U.S. intelligence source told CNN that investigators are looking into whether Tsarnaev had any connections with the group , known in English as Caucasus Emirates . The source says Tsarnaev had several computer links to the group in his social media activities , and investigators are looking into the possibility that he received "  operational plans " from this group . Rebels who call themselves Mujahideen of the Caucasus Emirate Province of Dagestan issued a statement Sunday that appeared to distance the group from the Boston bombings , saying they are not fighting the United States . "  We are at war with Russia , " it said . The statement also said that children are never targets of the group . ` He was just relaxed ' As an army of officers hunted for the suspects in Monday 's marathon bombings , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev acted like any other college sophomore . He was on the campus of University of Massachusetts Dartmouth every day after the attack until late Thursday , a university official told CNN . Tsarnaev attended classes and went to the gym and dorm parties while much of Boston was at a tense standstill . On Tuesday , he and a fellow student were at the campus gym when the bombings came up in discussion . Zach Bettencourt said he expressed his shock about the attack , telling Tsarnaev that it was the type of thing you hear about in Iraq or Afghanistan , not Boston . He said Tsarnaev responded : "  Yeah , tragedies happen man . Like these things happen around the world . It 's crazy . " A student at the school told The Boston Globe she saw Tsarnaev Wednesday night at a party that was attended by some of his friends from intramural soccer . "  He was just relaxed , " she said , asking the paper not to print her name . At the dorm where Tsarnaev lived , students joked Thursday as they viewed the FBI photos of the bombing suspects on television , a senior who lived in that dorm told The Boston Globe . "  We made a joke like , that could be Dzhokhar , " Pamala Rolon said . "  But then we thought it just could n't be him . Dzhokhar ? Never . " The campus , which was closed during the search for the bombing suspects , reopened Sunday morning . Moment of silence Boston , meanwhile , is trying to return to semblance of normalcy with some streets and business reopening . Federal investigators on Sunday were lifting crime scene tape and barriers erected during the investigation into the bombings near the marathon 's finish line on Boylston Street . People throughout Massachusetts are being urged to observe a moment of silence Monday at 2:50 p.m. , exactly one week after the Boston Marathon bombings . Of those injured in the marathon bombings , 55 remain hospitalized , including three in critical condition , according to a CNN count . Doctors , meanwhile , said Sunday that they are "  cautiously optimistic " that a Massachusetts transit officer wounded in a shootout with the alleged Boston Marathon bombers will recover . Richard H. Donohue , 33 , remains in critical condition at Mount Auburn Hospital in Cambridge , said Dr. Russell J. Nauta , a surgeon who operated on the officer . There was life before the bombings , and then life after . "  We are all scattered in the pain and horror of this week 's violence , " Boston 's archbishop , Cardinal Sean O'Malley , told parishioners during Sunday services at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross . "  Some of those here were among those injured . But everyone has been affected . " He voiced what so many have been thinking : Why would anyone do this ? What were the bombers thinking ? It has been "  very difficult to understand what was going on in their heads , " he said . Timeline of the bombings and manhunt	55 people remain hospitalized from the marathon bombings Doctors are " cautiously optimistic " a wounded transit officer will recover The surviving suspect was shot in the side of the neck , a source tells CNN Based on evidence , the brothers were going to attack others , an official says
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A British couple convicted for having sex on a public beach in Dubai will not face jail after a judge suspended their prison sentences , their lawyer said Tuesday . File image of one of the co-accused -- Vince Acors -- arriving at court in Dubai in September . The couple , Michelle Palmer and Vincent Acors , had faced a three-month sentence , but they were freed on bail in October pending an appeal . Hassan Mattar , one of their lawyers , said he was trying to get permission for Palmer -- who worked in Dubai -- to stay in the United Arab Emirates , and for Acors to travel back to Britain . Acors had been on a business trip to Dubai when he was arrested . The United Arab Emirates , where Dubai is located , is home to thousands of expatriates and is among the most moderate Gulf states . Still , the oil-rich kingdom adheres to certain Islamic rules . Palmer and Acors were arrested on a public beach shortly after midnight on July 5 . Police charged them with illicit relations , public indecency , and public intoxication . A court found them guilty in October and fined them 1,000 dirhams  $ 367  for the charge of public indecency . Both denied they had intercourse . And during the trial , Mattar argued that the public prosecutor failed to produce corroborative evidence against his clients on the first two charges , though he said both tested positive for liquor . More than a million British visitors traveled to the UAE in 2006 , and more than 100,000 British nationals live there , according to the British Foreign Office . The country is in the midst of a building boom to position itself as one of the world 's premier tourist destinations . It is already home to the world 's largest mall , the world 's largest tower , and -- despite being in the Middle East -- the largest indoor snow park in the world . -- CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	The couple , Michelle Palmer and Vincent Acors , faced three-month sentence The pair were arrested at a Dubai beach shortly after midnight on July 5 They were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication Although a relatively moderate Gulf state , Dubai adheres to certain Islamic rules
CNN  -- Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin , known to many people more as an aggrieved movie character or perceived tax dodger than as an actual person , has finally spoken out . In an interview with a magazine in his family 's native Brazil , Saverin -- a newly minted billionaire after Facebook 's public stock offering -- talked about his taxes , his relationship with co-founder Mark Zuckerberg and life after "  The Social Network . " Many observers believe Saverin , who , according to the Facebook origin story was slighted by Zuckerberg as the site grew , was a primary source for the book "  The Accidental Billionaires , " on which "  Social Network " is based . Surprise : The Internet hates rich people But the end result was "  fantasy , " he said . And , no , he never angrily threw a laptop at Zuckerberg as his Hollywood counterpart , Andrew Garfield , did in the film . It 's a statement Fabio Altman , of magazine Veja , writes is instantly believable given Saverin 's reserved nature . "  That 's Hollywood , not a documentary , " the 30-year-old Saverin says in the interview conducted in his multimillion-dollar residence in Singapore . Saverin filed a lawsuit against Facebook over his reduced stake in the company , and the legal dispute was settled out of court . But despite well-documented friction over the years , Saverin says he bears no ill will toward Zuckerberg . "  I can only speak well of Mark ; I do n't resent him , " Saverin said . "  His focus from Day One until today is admirable . He was a visionary and always knew Facebook would only grow if it remained true to its central idea of people presenting themselves truthfully and without pseudonyms . "  That is the great power of Facebook that allowed it to transform into an instrument of protest , as in Egypt , but also as an instrument of business and , beyond that , a natural way to have contact with friends . " Saverin has had little to do with Facebook in recent years . But he re-entered the public consciousness recently when , days before Facebook stock was due to hit Wall Street , he renounced his U.S. citizenship in favor of Singapore , where he has lived since 2009 . Many saw it as a dodge -- a way to avoid paying U.S. taxes on his share of the company , valued somewhere around $ 2 billion . He says that 's not the case and noted that , as has been reported , he 's paying his taxes . "  The decision was strictly based on my interest of living and working in Singapore , " he said . "  I am obligated and I will pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes to the American government . I already paid and I will keep paying whatever taxes I owe based on my time as a U.S. citizen . " Saverin 's father , Roberto , echoed those thoughts in the article . "  It was hard for me , because of the life I built in the U.S. , hearing from Eduardo that he had to give up on his citizenship , " he said . "  But he did this not because he wanted to , but because he had no other choice as a foreigner living in Singapore , where financial transactions are more restricted and bureaucratic for those who hold a U.S. passport . There was no other way . " Roberto and his family emigrated to the United States from Brazil amid political turmoil , and Saverin 's registered place of birth is Miami . Saverin continues to work as an investor and partner in Internet startups from his Singapore apartment , where an office contains three , 27-inch Mac monitors on which he constantly monitors everything from stock prices to the weather , Altman writes . As for Facebook itself ? Saverin still has his own profile , with more than 1 million people subscribed to it . But he uses it almost exclusively for news about his new startups , keeping the personal details to himself . "  I do n't like showing my private life online , " he said .	Facebook co-founder Eduardo Saverin opens up to Brazilian magazine Despite past friction between them , Savering calls Mark Zuckerberg "  a visionary " He says that , despite renouncing citizenship , he 's paying taxes in U.S. Saverin made an estimated $ 2 billion from Facebook 's stock offering
CNN  -- If President Barack Obama 's inaugural address was any indication , his second term will be a doubling down of the progressive , big government agenda . With that in mind , here is some advice for conservatives and the Republican Party for the next four years of Obama 's presidency : Do n't blame the GOP leadership First and foremost , if we are to prevail , we can not afford to continue firing upon and wounding or maiming our own soldiers and officers . We need everyone in the fight . It is more difficult to be in a position of governance , such as John Boehner , Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan , than a journalist , pundit or conservative talk show host . Trust me , I 've been in both arenas . It 's much harder to be Boehner and the Republican leadership than it is to be Sean Hannity , Rush Limbaugh , Michael Medved , etc. . Unlike those who operate solely in the arenas of commentary , opinion and philosophy , Republicans in Washington bear the responsibility and burden of actual governance , where ideological purity must often yield to compromise . Much of the blame placed at the feet of Republican leadership by many in the party or the commentariat lies not with the party or its leaders but ultimately , as in all things with a democratic republic , with the choice of the people . Opinion : Guns were last straw for me with GOP Face reality William Buckley aptly described conservatism as the politics of reality . As such , we must recognize the realities of political governance . You can not govern unless you have power . That is , Republicans can not govern with control of only one half of one third of the branches of government . They can block and prevent , but they can not impose . Our agenda , our goals and our expectations should be oriented to these facts of reality . It 's the culture , stupid Conservatives are losing the culture war when , according to a 2011 Pew Research poll , 49 % of Americans ages 18-29 have a positive view of socialism while just 46 % have a positive view of capitalism . Such views are the products of our education system and the movies , music and entertainment young Americans consume . We must change those cultural institutions before we can truly change our political institutions in the long term . The roots of our cultural and educational outreach must be as far reaching as the left 's . This means broadening our scope of influence outside Fox News and conservative talk radio and into the left 's strongholds of Hollywood and higher education . Perhaps some of the hundreds of millions of dollars spent on PACs could be better spent taking back the culture . Play offense In politics , as in sports , you 're either on offense or you 're on defense . Be on offense . This is a simple maxim , but one too often neglected . He who initiates sets the terms of debate and forces the dialogue on his terms . Gov. Scott Walker 's aggressive fiscal reforms in Wisconsin are an example of effective political offense . Elevate the next generation During the 2012 presidential primaries , conservatives often lamented the absence of rising Republican stars such as Sen. Marco Rubio , Gov. Bob McDonnell , Gov. Bobby Jindal , Gov. Susana Martinez , Gov. Scott Walker , Rep. Paul Ryan and so on . Our bench is strong , but now it 's time for the bench to take the field . Politics : After inauguration , political reality returns to Washington Consequences of big government The American people must realize for what they voted when they re-elected Obama and a Democratic-controlled Senate . So far , they 've been immunized from many of the consequences . But now , with the expiration of the payroll tax cut and the gradual implementation of ObamaCare , the taxes of almost all Americans have risen , along with many of their health care premiums . Conservatives must draw the direct link between higher taxes and premiums and Democratic policies . As St. Paul instructs , misery teaches lessons that success does n't . The American people voted in big government , and they will be punished and made to pay for it in immiseration . Do n't become cynical Do not make people more cynical or pessimistic about politics or the political system . Every day on my radio show , I hear of people withdrawing from the political arena into a cocoon of disengagement and discouragement . We can not allow this to happen . We must encourage the American people to be active and involved in important policy decisions . It was the great novelist Walker Percy who warned of America 's downfall , not at the hand of a great outside power , but from crumbling within . Politics : Republicans assess Obama 's address "  Probably the fear of seeing America , with all its great strength and beauty and freedom ... gradually subside into decay through default and be defeated , not by the communist movement , but from within , from weariness , boredom , cynicism , greed and in the end helplessness before its great problems , " Percy said . We must get our heads up . As Margaret Thatcher said to us often , "  Do n't go wobbly , " and , "  Cheer up . America is a strong country . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : Here is some advice for the GOP in the second Obama term Bennett : Do n't just blame GOP leadership ; the choice of the people also matters He says conservatives must win the cultural war to change political institutions Bennett : The American people voted in big government , and they will be punished for it
CNN  -- When Bill Gates testified via videotape in Microsoft 's antitrust trial in 1998 , he was combative and defensive , as if he could n't believe how stupid the entire procedure was . He did n't expect the tape to be shown in court . It was , and it was a disaster . Public opinion turned -- instead of a billionaire genius who had built Microsoft into the most valuable tech company in the world , he was a condescending monopolist who did n't have time for the legal system . Amazingly , Gates did n't see it coming . As Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen relates in his recent autobiography , the anti-Microsoft sentiment "  cut Bill to the core . " Gates told the media that government attorney David Boies was "  really out to destroy Microsoft . " In his rational engineer 's mind , Microsoft was simply a winner . It had beaten its competitors by being smarter and working harder . It seemed deeply unfair for the government to build a case based on the complaints of those competitors and undo everything that Gates had worked so hard for . Flash forward a decade . Google is the new Microsoft . It dominates its industry so completely that a few slight tweaks to its search engine can throw other companies into turmoil by burying them in search results . It 's using the incredible cash generated by that business to expand in a million different directions at once , from online video to social networking to mobile phones . The man running Google , co-founder Larry Page , has a lot in common with Gates . Like Gates , Page is often described in otherworldly terms , a near-genius with autistic tendencies like counting the seconds out loud while you 're explaining something too slowly to him . Like Gates , he has run his own company for his entire adult life and has had uninterrupted success . Like Gates , he has an engineer 's soul and is obsessive about cutting waste -- one of his first acts after taking over as CEO in April was to send an all-hands e-mail describing how to run meetings more efficiently . Like Gates , he is hugely ambitious -- he once suggested that Google hire a million engineers and told early investors that he saw Google as a $ 100 billion company . That 's $ 100 billion in annual revenue , not just stock value .  It 's about one-third of the way there . And like Gates , Page may have a blind spot about the intersection of business and the Beltway . For instance , when Google paid $ 3.2 billion to buy display ad firm DoubleClick in 2007 , it got a search-engine marketing firm called Performics as part of the deal . Obviously , Google would have to let Performics go -- federal regulators would never let the dominant search company own a search marketing company . Except Page wanted to keep it , just to see how it worked .  Google sold Performics to advertising conglomerate Publicis Groupe in 2008 . Back then , Page had a tempering force in Eric Schmidt , who was the company 's CEO and was originally brought in by its investors to provide "  adult supervision . " But since Page reclaimed the CEO title , the brakes are off . In his first five months , Page has reorganized the company to his liking , cut a bunch of marginal projects like Google Health and mobile app maker Slide , launched a social network to compete with Facebook and bid $ 12.5 billion to buy Motorola 's mobile phone business . Now , antitrust investigators are circling Google -- just like they did with Microsoft . Europe has already launched a formal investigation , and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is taking a close look as well . As Google keeps expanding with big , bold moves , Page will find himself thrust into the spotlight like he 's never been before . For Google 's sake , here 's hoping he handles it with more grace than Gates . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Rosoff . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Bill Gates ' testimony in antitrust trial turned public opinion against him , Matt Rosoff says Rosoff says Larry Page of Google is close to being in a similar situation Page is stretching company from online video to social networking to mobile phones , he says
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt 's foreign minister resigned Saturday , part of a reshuffling of Egypt 's government in the face of continued demonstrations calling for reforms . Prime Minister Esam Sharaf accepted the submitted resignation of Mohamed el-Orabi , who had been in office for less than a month , according to foreign ministry spokesman Menha Bakhoum . The move came amid continued change in Egypt 's government , with Sharaf announcing Saturday that Hazem Al-Beblawy and Ali Al-Selmy had been appointed as deputy prime ministers . Beblawy will oversee economy-related matters while Selmy will head "  the political development and the democratic transition , " according to a release on the Egyptian cabinet 's website . These developments come as public pressure has intensified in recent weeks . Some Egyptians are claiming that the reforms instituted since President Hosni Mubarak stepped down February 11 are not significant enough . Several people working within the current government have been criticized for allegedly being too close to the former leader and those who helped suppress protests last winter . Thousands of disgruntled pro-democracy activists have again descended on Cairo 's Tahrir Square , setting up tents in the iconic roundabout that was the hub of the uprising earlier this year . The exact circumstances surrounding Orabi 's resignation are unknown , though he had a long history of government service in Mubarak 's government . A former deputy foreign minister for foreign affairs , he became foreign minister in June in place of Nabil Elaraby . Elaraby was elected in May to head the 22-member Arab League after Amre Moussa decided to be a candidate in the next presidential elections in Egypt . Orabi served in the Egyptian Army before he joined the foreign service in 1976 . He was deputy ambassador in Tel Aviv , Israel , from 1994 to 1998 and has worked in Kuwait , London and Washington . He held the position of ambassador to Germany from 2001 to 2008 . There was no immediate word on who might succeed Orabi as foreign minister . The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and Sharaf 's caretaker cabinet have been in charge of the country since Mubarak 's ouster , a time that has been marked by significant , evolving changes in Egypt 's government . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Two men are appointed as deputy prime ministers in Egypt 's government Prime Minister Esam Sharaf accepts the resignation Saturday of Mohamed el-Orabi Orabi had been appointed in June as foreign minister , replacing Nabil Elaraby Protesters have again descended on a Cairo square , demanding more change
CNN  -- A controversial new cyberlaw has been temporarily suspended in the Philippines by the country 's top court Tuesday , a move seen as a victory of netizens who objected to the criminalization of libel , which could result in social media users being thrown in jail for posts . The Supreme Court suspended the new law for 120 days effective immediately , giving the government time to amend the law . Fifteen petitions -- signed by hundreds of individuals and several organizations -- were filed opposing the law . Petitioners said the law has a "  repressive perspective on personal freedoms and regressive view of technology . " The top court 's order has given respondents 10 days to comment on the petitions filed and has set January 15 to hear oral arguments in the case . The Cybercrime Prevention Act of 2012 went into effect on October 3 amidst widespread protests by the Filipino online community , journalists and free speech activists . Critics of the law are against various provisions of the law , mainly one that criminalizes libel . The Internet community was up in arms over implications the law may have on social media communication . The law seeks to address cybersex , child pornography , identity theft and other computer-related offenses . "  We commend the Supreme Court for deciding unanimously on this one . Although there will be deliberations , the next step would be to strike down this law altogether , " said Carlos Conde of Human Rights Watch . "  For the online community , this is a defining moment , to realize the power they have in their hands for political and civil actions . "	A controversial new cyberlaw has been suspended in the Philippines by the country 's top court The Cybercrime Prevention Act went into effect on October 3 amidst widespread protests Law seeks to address child pornography , identity theft and other computer-related offenses Critics of the law are against various provisions of the law , mainly one that criminalizes libel
CNN  -- E! will keep producing "  Fashion Police " without Joan Rivers , the talk show 's ringleader who died earlier this month . The legendary comedian passed away at age 81 a week after suffering cardiac arrest during an appointment at Manhattan 's Yorkville Endoscopy clinic . The cable channel said Friday that it had decided , with the blessing of Rivers ' daughter Melissa , "  that Joan would have wanted the franchise to continue . " Joan Rivers gets showbiz send-off with New York funeral "  Fashion Police " will resume in January 2015 with coverage of the Golden Globes awards ceremony and red carpet . E! did not say who would host the show . Joan Rivers was the original star of "  Fashion Police , " which premiered in 2010 and became a fixture of the cable channel . Her daughter was an executive producer of it . On the show , Rivers led group dissections of celebrity wardrobe triumphs and tragedies . Joan Rivers was a pointed , pioneering comedian While a number of other E! personalities were program regulars , Rivers was "  Fashion Police 's " snarky heart ; that 's why , when she died , some observers predicted that E! would not re-cast the show . E! , however , would have lost one of its best-known franchises . "  We are deeply saddened by the loss of Joan Rivers and , for the last two weeks , have turned our attention to honoring her memory on all of our platforms , " E! said in a statement Friday . "  We have also thought long and hard about what Joan would have wanted as it pertains to the future of ` Fashion Police , ' " which led to the decision to continue the show , the channel said .	E! is keeping well-known franchise "  Fashion Police " in production The possibility of its end came about with the death of Joan Rivers Rivers ' daughter Melissa said her mother "  would have wanted " the show to continue "  Fashion Police " will resume in January 2015
Washington  CNN  -- Engaging a rarely used power , House Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa announced his committee will vote next Thursday on whether to hold former IRS official Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress for refusing to testify about the agency 's targeting of conservative organizations . "  Documents and testimony point to Lois Lerner as a senior IRS official responsible for conduct that deprived Americans of their rights to free speech and equal protection under the law , " wrote the California Republican in a statement released Thursday . Lerner ran the IRS division that determined tax-exempt status for nonprofit organizations . An IRS inspector general 's report concluded that her division used "  inappropriate " search terms to flag some conservative applications , including "  Tea Party " and "  patriot . " Democrats have pointed out that some liberal terms , such as "  progressive , " were also on the list . The contempt vote caps a year of dramatic back-and-forth in House Republicans ' investigation into the targeting . GOP leaders , including Issa , have focused on whether higher-ranking officials , including any at the White House , played a role blocking conservative organizations ' applications . Thus far , no evidence has shown that the effort to flag political groups went beyond Lerner and her employees . Issa has said that Lerner 's testimony could prove critical . But the former IRS official has repeatedly refused to answer the committee 's questions , invoking her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . That normally might protect her from contempt of Congress charges . But Republicans charge that Lerner waived her constitutional right by first reading a statement to the committee asserting her innocence . "  I believe Lois Lerner waived her Fifth Amendment privilege , " Issa said in a hearing last June . "  She did so when she chose to make a voluntary opening statement . " Republicans argue and cite some case law showing that an individual can not apply the Fifth Amendment in some instances and not others . But the case law on the Fifth Amendment is nuanced , and Lerner 's attorney and House Democrats have fervently disagreed with Republicans ' conclusion . They insist she is protected by the Fifth Amendment . The debate could spark a potential legal battle . Overall , Democrats call the investigation a witch hunt and the contempt vote a publicity move . "  This contempt vote appears geared more toward generating more press for  Issa  , rather than working responsibly with committee members to seek facts , " said Jennifer Hoffman , who is the spokesman for the top Democrat on the Oversight Committee , Elijah Cummings of Maryland . Lerner 's attorney 's office said it had no comment yet on the upcoming committee vote . The contempt resolution is expected to pass the Republican-led Oversight Committee Thursday morning . The House is in recess the following week , meaning the soonest a contempt vote could hit the House floor is the week of April 24 . Even without the Fifth Amendment issue , it 's not clear how far the case will go . After a House vote to find Lerner in contempt , the process would leave Republicans ' hands and go to the U.S. attorney for Washington , who would be directed to call a grand jury . That is where the last contempt of Congress charge ended . In 2012 , the Republican House of Representatives voted to hold Attorney General Eric Holder in contempt of Congress for refusing to hand over documents related to the "  Fast and Furious " gun controversy . The White House asserted executive privilege at that time , and the Justice Department announced it would not prosecute . The Obama administration has not claimed executive privilege in Lerner 's case , but the Justice Department still retains the ability to determine whether her actions deserve prosecution . The penalty for contempt of Congress is up to a year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine . Since 1980 , nine individuals have been held in contempt by the House of Representatives . CNN Senior Producer Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	The House Oversight Committee will vote on holding an ex-IRS official in contempt Lois Lerner ran the division that ruled on tax-exempt status for nonprofit groups She invoked the Fifth Amendment when asked about targeting conservative groups
CNN  Ghana earned a semifinal clash with hosts Equatorial Guinea after dispatching a disappointing Guinea 3-0 in the Africa Cup of Nations Sunday . The comfortable victory lifted the Black Stars into the last four of the competition for the fifth straight time and the result was scarcely in doubt once Christian Atsu had scored the first of his two goals after just four minutes . Atsu connected with Andre Ayew 's neat backheel to beat Naby-Moussa Yattara in the Guinea goal . Guinea , who only made the last eight at the expense of Mali after lots were drawn , fell further behind when defender Baissama Sankoh made a horrible hash of a clearance . To the dismay of his teammates and Guinea supporters , he sliced it into the path of Kwesi Appiah , who added the second just before halftime . Atsu , on loan at English Premier League Everton from Chelsea , sealed the victory with a stunning long range effort into the top corner on the hour mark . There was still time for Yattara to complete a miserable evening for his team after recklessly hacking down Asamoah Gyan in stoppage time and earning a deserved red card . Avram Grant 's men face the home nation Thursday , Equatorial Guinea earning its passage after a controversial 2-1 win over Tunisia . Bony at the double Sunday 's other quarterfinal saw two goals from new Manchester City signing Wilfried Bony lift the Ivory Coast to a 3-1 victory over Algeria . Bony struck for the first time in the competition as he headed home in the 26th minute to put the Elephants on the front foot . But sloppy defending allowed Hilal Soudani to equalize for Algeria early in the second half . Boney then used his aerial power to connect with a free kick from new club teammate Yaya Toure to restore the lead for the Ivorians . Gervinho added a late third on a counter attack at the death as Ivory Coast revenged an extra time defeat by Algeria at the same stage of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations . Wednesday will see Herve Renard 's side face DR Congo in the semifinals in Bata .	Ghana beats Guinea 3-0 in Africa Cup of Nations quarters Christian Atsu scores twice in decisive win Guinea goalkeeper Naby-Moussa Yattara sent off near end Wilfried Bony double as Ivory Coast downs Algeria
Washington  CNN  -- Health care reform is a signature issue for Democrats , but the attempt to overhaul the nation 's health system has pitted liberals against centrists , exposing fissures 11 months before the 2010 midterm elections . A year ago Democrats were united in victory after winning back the White House and picking up additional seats in Congress . But with victory comes expectations that are accentuated when a party controls both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue . For Democrats , it is the party 's political base -- voters who turned out in 2008 to help elect Barack Obama president and boost the Democratic majorities in the House and Senate -- which is demanding results . Simply by the numbers , the health care overhaul should easily pass Congress . Democrats comfortably control the House of Representatives , and with the assistance of two Democratic-allied independents have the 60 votes needed to overcome a Republican filibuster in the Senate . Except it is not about numbers on health care . It is about differences in ideology on the public option and abortion that has slowed down the bill . Liberal advocacy organizations wasted little time this week condemning Democratic leaders when news broke that a Senate deal had been struck to replace the public option with another proposal to help cover the uninsured . The deal was intended to address concerns by some centrist Democrats over the public option . The news enraged some liberal activists . MoveOn.org organizers sent a note to the e-mail boxes of its 5 million members . It opened with three words : "  How could they ? " "  Senate Democrats have just announced a tentative health care deal that does n't appear to include a real public health insurance option , " the organizers wrote in the note . "  Instead of pulling out all the stops , they 've bargained away the heart of health care reform -- allowing conservative senators like Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson to hold the process hostage and protect Big Insurance . " Lieberman is an independent from Connecticut politically aligned to the Democratic Party . Nelson is a centrist Democrat from Nebraska . The Progressive Change Campaign Committee was more aggressive in its reaction . "  This is outrageous , " PCCC officials wrote in an e-mail that was sent to 300,000 people . "  We need to fight back now . " The fissures in the Democratic Party do not end at health care . The president 's decision to send 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan was met with skepticism by some Democratic lawmakers and outright opposition by others . The decision frustrated anti-war groups . "  In terms of the policy , I think it is a dreadful mistake , " said former Rep. Tom Andrews , a Maine Democrat who is national director of Win Without War . "  The whole idea of getting out of Afghanistan by escalating is like fighting a fire by throwing gasoline on it . " Some liberals express concern that policy decisions made by the Obama administration and Democratic leaders could hurt the party in the 2010 elections . "  I think the Democratic base -- the danger is it becomes a no-show in 2010 , " Andrews said . "  An element that was so critical to the success in 2006 and 2008 is going to be on the sidelines . People are going to be so dispirited . " Ilyse Hogue , MoveOn.org 's director of political advocacy , echoed Andrews ' concern and said that while MoveOn.org members "  trust " Obama , "  they are sincerely concerned about the gap between his campaign promises and the reality of the legislation that is being passed . " "  I think we are going to see , if this trajectory plays out , a depression in 2010 and that is deeply concerning , " she said . An analysis of CNN polling indicates that support for the president and congressional Democrats has slipped among self-described liberals . In June , a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll showed that Obama had an 89 percent favorable rating with liberals . In December , his favorable rating with this group fell to 73 percent . In October , a CNN/Opinion Research poll showed Democrats had an 87 percent favorable rating with liberals on the generic congressional ballot . It has since dropped to 79 percent . "  From Afghanistan to the public option to abortion to the economy , the past few months have seen President Obama and Democrats in Congress taking actions that some liberals do n't like , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director . At the same time , Obama is facing increasing pressure from the Congressional Black Caucus to pay more attention to issues affecting the African-American community . Rep. Barbara Lee , D-California , issued a statement following the president 's economic speech this week that prodded him to do as much . "  While we agree with the president that support for small businesses , infrastructure investment and green jobs is essential , we also believe that much more needs to be done , particularly for those Americans who are hurting most , " said Lee , chairwoman of the caucus . One of the more troubling signs for Democrats , perhaps , is that liberal advocacy groups have been spending money on television ads targeting Democratic lawmakers on health care . After the House approved its health care bill , MoveOn.org ran TV ads against seven Democratic lawmakers criticizing them for voting against it . The Progressive Change Campaign Committee also has run ads against Democrats as has Health Care for America Now , an umbrella group that represents 1,000 organizations , including major unions and liberal-leaning groups . There is even an organization that is trying to recruit liberal candidates to challenge more conservative Democrats in next year 's primaries . But for all the talk of Democratic infighting , a senior official at the Democratic National Committee shrugged it off and said disagreements are par for the course when you have a "  big tent " party . "  What is occurring in the Democratic Party is no different than what always occurs in the Democratic Party , " said Brad Woodhouse , the DNC communications director . "  It is the most diverse collection of people and ideas of any political party that has walked the face of the earth ... from the very liberal members to the very conservative members . It really is no surprise that when you have such a big and diverse party there are going to be differences . "	Democratic differences on public option , abortion slows down health care overhaul Move for more Afghan troops also stirs opposition among Democrats Support for President Obama , congressional Democrats slip among liberals Democratic National Committee official downplays divisions
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  A former lawyer for the doctor who helped the CIA look for Osama bin Laden has been shot dead in northwest Pakistan , police said . Unidentified gunmen attacked the lawyer , Samiullah Afridi , in his car near the city of Peshawar on Tuesday , said Mian Saeed , a police superintendent in Peshawar . Two different militant groups claimed responsibility for the killing . The lawyer had represented Dr. Shakeel Afridi , who was convicted of treason in 2012 by a Pakistani tribal court and is now serving a 23-year prison sentence . The two men are not related . The doctor helped the CIA set up a fake vaccination campaign in an attempt to collect DNA samples from relatives of Bin Laden in an effort to verify his presence in a compound in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad . The Qaeda leader was killed in a U.S. raid on the compound in May 2011 . It was unclear which of the two groups claiming responsibility for the attack was actually behind it . Fahad Marwat , a spokesman for the militant group Jundallah , told CNN that Afridi was on the group 's hit list . But Ehsanullah Ehsan , a spokesman for a faction of the Pakistani Taliban , said his group had carried out the assassination because Samiullah Afridi defended the doctor , whom he described as "  a friend " of bin Laden 's killers . CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen said Jundallah is "  kind of a splinter group " of the Pakistani Taliban that 's "  been around for a long time . " "  They 're extremely violent , " he said . "  They 've been killing all sorts of religious minorities in Pakistan . " Last month , the group claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing outside a Shiite mosque in the city of Rawalpindi . Bergen said Dr. Afridi is "  a very unpopular figure in Pakistan " because of the perception that he was involved in helping find Bin Laden . "  And his lawyer , by extension , would also be seen as an unpopular person because of that perception , " he said . But Bergen said he did n't think the doctor played a key role in the hunt for Bin Laden . "  The idea was the doctor and his staff would take DNA samples from the Bin Laden kids as part of this ` vaccination program , ' " he said . "  That never happened because the kids never came out . " Although Dr. Afridi was working for U.S. intelligence , "  the CIA was n't telling the doctor , you 're helping us find bin Laden , " Bergen said . After the killing of bin Laden , health workers administering polio vaccinations have come to be viewed with suspicion by many Pakistanis . The vaccination teams have repeatedly been targeted by militants . The latest instance came Wednesday when unidentified attackers killed one polio vaccination worker and wounded another in Bajaur agency in northwestern Pakistan , local authorities said . Journalist Zahir Shah reported from Peshawar , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Sophia Saifi and journalist Saleem Mehsud contributed to this report .	A second militant group claims responsibility for the killing Samiullah Afridi had represented Dr. Shakeel Afridi , who was convicted of treason
CNN  -- A new standoff was brewing in Honduras as the country 's recently deposed president vowed to return , while the new provisional government said it would arrest him if he set foot back in the country . Ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya appears Tuesday at the U.N. General Assembly . Political turmoil has swept this Central American nation of 8 million people following a military-led coup Sunday that ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya . Troops entered the president 's residence and sent him out of the country in exile . A veteran legislator , Roberto Micheletti , was sworn in that same day as provisional president with the support of congress . Roberto Micheletti , the veteran legislator who was sworn in that same day as provisional president with the support of congress , was adamant that Zelaya would not return to power . "  He already committed crimes against the constitution and the laws ; he ca n't return to be president of the republic , " Micheletti told reporters Tuesday . "  He can no longer return to the presidency unless a president from another Latin American country comes and imposes him with arms . " Micheletti added , "  If there is an invasion against our country , we have seven-and-a-half million Hondurans ready to defend our territory and our laws and our homeland and our government . " However , Zelaya still vows to defy the provisional government . "  I am going to return on Thursday because they expelled me by force , and I am going to return as always : as a citizen and as president , " Zelaya said at a U.N. news conference shortly after the world body unanimously adopted a resolution that he should be restored to power . Zelaya , speaking to the U.N. General Assembly , called the resolution historic . "  Your servant has several accusations against him in Honduras , " Zelaya said . "  But nobody has given me a trial . Nobody has convened a tribunal . " Meanwhile , Micheletti 's provisional government said Zelaya would be arrested if he returned . "  As soon as he arrives he will be captured , as we already have the arrest warrants ready , " new Foreign Minister Enrique Ortez Colindres told CNN en Español . Zelaya would face charges of violating the constitution , corruption and drug trafficking , among others , Ortez said . The deposed president said he would travel to Washington to attend a meeting of the Organization of American States . He also is expected to meet Tuesday evening with Tom Shannon , the top U.S. official on Latin America . Even as Zelaya spoke at the United Nations , his opponents held a large and noisy rally in Tegucigalpa , the capital of Honduras . Crowd members waved blue and white Honduran flags and signs denouncing Zelaya . Roberto Micheletti , the new provisional president , briefly addressed the crowd Tuesday afternoon . He vowed that the next national elections , slated for November , will be held as planned , and that a new president will be sworn in as usual in January . Gen. Romeo Vasquez Velasquez , the top Honduran military commander who had butted heads with Zelaya , also spoke at the rally . By removing Zelaya , the armed forces were only complying with their constitutional duties , he said . Before he spoke , the crowd chanted in support , "  Armed forces ! Armed forces ! " Zelaya supporters also were active Tuesday , with three major public-sector labor unions launching a general strike , a union official told CNN . About 100,000 workers joined the strike , said Oscar Garcia , vice president of the Honduran water workers union SANAA . That number could not be independently verified . "  It will be an indefinite strike , " Garcia said . "  We do n't recognize this new government imposed by the oligarchy , and we will mount our campaign of resistance until President Manuel Zelaya is restored to power . " Also on Tuesday , the U.S. State Department said it was reviewing its aid to Honduras as it works with regional partners on a deal to restore Zelaya to power and quell political unrest in the country . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said the U.S. was reviewing whether Zelaya 's ouster met the legal definition of a "  coup " before any decision was made . "  Because of the situation and the very dramatic nature of the events there and our profound concern about what 's going on there , I think we 're looking at a number of aspects of our cooperation , " Kelly said . The State Department has also issued a travel alert due "  to the current unstable political and security situation in Honduras . " The alert "  recommends that American citizens defer all nonessential travel to Honduras until further notice . " In another development , two U.S. military officials in Washington confirmed to CNN that U.S. helicopters will fly over southern Honduras on a humanitarian relief mission Tuesday . The officials said there is great sensitivity to any public appearance by the U.S. military in the country . The U.S. military also postponed some planned exercises with the Honduran military until the situation in the country settles down , according to the U.S. Southern Command . "  We have postponed certain activities , " Maj. D.L. Wright , Southern Command spokesman , told CNN . Wright said this decision would be in effect for at least two to three weeks , or "  until the political situation settles . " Zelaya was overthrown early Sunday when the Honduran military arrested him and flew him to Costa Rica . Micheletti , president of the Congress , was sworn in as provisional president later Sunday . The United Nations , OAS and most nations in the Western Hemisphere , including the United States , have condemned the ouster and demanded that Zelaya be restored to power . The World Bank said Tuesday it would freeze funds to Honduras until the crisis is resolved , and the United States said it is reviewing its aid to the Central American nation . The U.S. joined many other nations in co-sponsoring Tuesday 's U.N. resolution . Zelaya had been at odds with the other branches of government over a referendum he wanted to hold Sunday . The Honduran Supreme Court had ruled that the referendum was illegal , and Congress had voted not to hold it . The high court also had overturned Zelaya 's dismissal of Honduras ' top general , who said the military would not participate in the referendum . The court ordered that the general be reinstated immediately . Zelaya disregarded those actions and vowed to hold the vote anyway . Watch part one of interview with Zelaya  in Spanish  " | Part two  in Spanish  " Honduran authorities on Monday clashed with Zelaya supporters , who took to the streets and threw rocks at authorities , burned tires and set up roadblocks . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share your photos , videos In a radio address Tuesday , Micheletti said Zelaya would be arrested if he came back . Watch interview with Micheletti  in Spanish  " Micheletti also told Honduras ' representatives at the United Nations and OAS to quit speaking against the new government or they immediately will be removed from their posts . They are not authorized , he said , to speak for the Honduran government . In another development , two U.S. military officials in Washington confirmed to CNN that American helicopters will fly over southern Honduras on a humanitarian relief mission Tuesday . The officials said there is great sensitivity to any public appearance by the U.S. military in the country . Three Black Hawk helicopters are scheduled to leave an air base at Soto Cano in Honduras and fly south to Nicaragua . They will be used to support the USNS Comfort , which is conducting a medical relief mission . CNN en Español 's Krupskaia Alis in Honduras , and CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Barbara Starr and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Provisional Honduran government says president faces arrest on return Deposed President Jose Manuel Zelaya says he 'll return home this week U.N. passes resolution saying ousted president should be returned to power Three labor unions in Honduras reportedly begin general strike to back Zelaya
CNN  -- Can you really go home again ? "  Dumb and Dumber To " is just the latest to trade on our love of nostalgia by revisiting a past hit . "  Dumb & Dumber " debuted in 1994 and the combination of the Farrelly brothers as directors and stars Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels was cinema gold . The film went on to become a cult classic . But is it possible to recapture that type of magic 20 years later ? After all , these days Daniels is more well known for his dramatic role on HBO 's "  The Newsroom " and neither he nor Carrey are as young as they used to be . So far critics have n't found a lot of evidence that the pair can go home again in terms of replicating what made the first film beloved  and yes we remember the 1995 animated TV show "  Dumb and Dumber : The Series " and the 2003 movie prequel "  Dumb and Dumberer : When Harry Met Lloyd "  . "  The charm of the original , to the extent that the original was an enjoyable character farce that led to better things for all participants , is long gone , " writes Scott Mendelson for Forbes . "  This is not the ` Dumb and Dumber ' sequel we needed , but it 's the one we deserved for inexplicably clamoring for a second installment in the first place . " Andrew Barker of Variety writes "  Sporadically very funny , mostly very tedious , and sometimes truly vile , this 18-years-too-late sequel nonetheless exhibits a certain puerile purity of purpose , and should accrue healthy profits playing to the nostalgia of the dumb and the dumb at heart . " But good or bad , Hollywood will always return to the well be it with television or movies in the hopes that they can rally those who have held on to their fond memories for years . Here are a few examples . 1 . "  Veronica Mars " Fans loved this former TV show so much that they helped fund a movie just to catch up with the characters . The series about a teenaged private detective ended in 2007 but the "  Veronica Mars " motion picture landed in theaters in 2014 after a successful Kickstarter campaign . It did n't break any records at the box office , but the faithful did n't seem to care . 2 . "  Arrested Development " Look up "  cult classic " and "  Arrested Development " will be right there . The Fox TV show ended in 2006 after three seasons of low ratings despite critical acclaim . Netflix stepped up and made dreams come true in 2013 with a fourth season . Word is there are plans for a season 5 . 3 . "  Psycho II " It took 23 years to get a sequel to the wildly popular 1960 horror film "  Psycho . " Original star Anthony Perkins also appeared in the 1983 followup as the now-rehabilitated killer , Norman Bates . In 2013 A&E premiered a prequel series titled "  Bates Motel . " 4 . "  Tron : Legacy " The original "  Tron " was released in 1982 , also known as the early days of CG special effects . Things had gotten much more advanced by the time "  Tron : Legacy " came out in 2010 . Sci-fi geeks were so ready for it and thrilled to see Jeff Bridges reprise his role as software engineer Kevin Flynn , whose son Sam  played by Garrett Hedlund  finds him in a virtual world 20 years later . 5 . "  Girl Meets World " "  Boy Meets World " practically owned the 1990s . The ABC series followed the exploits of Cory Matthews and his friends and family from 1993 to 2000 and viewers could n't get enough of the young love between Cory and his crush Topanga Lawrence  played by Ben Savage and Danielle Fishel respectively  . Many from the original cast were on board for the new series "  Girl Meets World " which premiered in June 2014 and found Cory and Topanga now married and the parents of a pre-teen daughter named Riley . 6 . "  The Comeback " No show has been more aptly named than this one . The HBO series about a washed-up TV actress desperate to get back into the game never gained traction and only lasted one season in 2005 despite a devoted fan base . Over the years even more folks discovered the show within a show and there were cries to "  bring back Valerie Cherish " played by "  Friends " actress Lisa Kudrow . That happened in November 2014 when the network brought it back years later for a second season . It just goes to show that it 's never too late . Now who 's ready for the sequel to "  Zoolander ? "	"  Dumb and Dumber To ' is a sequel 20 years after the fact The reviews have not been great Hollywood loves to revisit old shows and movies
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A six-month trial was launched this week that promises to transform the way luggage is tracked and monitored at London 's Heathrow airport . As many as 28 in every 1,000 passengers do not arrive at their destination at the same time as their luggage . The trial -- run by BAA and airline Emirates -- is using RFID  radio-frequency identification  technology to tag baggage . This will allow staff to more accurately track bags passing through the airport . The crucial difference between RFID and the existing barcode system is its scanning accuracy . Barcode tags can be easily damaged in transit and are also at risk of being covered when scanned . If not scanned , details must be entered manually into the system , adding time and error to the process . BAA estimates that Heathrow can read only 60 per cent of labels that pass through . RFID is reported to offer over 99 percent accuracy . The # 150,000 trial -- the first of its kind in the UK -- will continue for six months tracking bags for passengers traveling with Emirates to and from Dubai , and transferring through Heathrow . A duplicate of the Heathrow system has been installed at Dubai Airport . During the check-in process at Heathrow Terminal 3 , staff apply tags containing RFID chips to bags with information including the passenger 's name and route . The chips are then read on entry into the baggage system ; they are tracked as they move throughout ; and finally on leaving the system . As a result , says Shaun Cowlam , Logistics Director at Heathrow Airport , staff can know where a bag is at "  every moment of every day " . BAA is also considering introducing a SMS text messaging service to keep passengers informed of where their bags are . When passengers arrive at Heathrow , says Cowlam , the idea will be to send passengers a text informing them what belt and what time their bags will arrive at . Ultimately , the use of RFID could extend services to frequent flyers , and provide the means to added value services such as faster check-in , and even be integrated with secure collection and delivery . The main benefits , however , will be for travelers passing through major hubs such as Heathrow and Dubai , as this system offers better processing of baggage on transfer flights . Emirates and BAA are sharing the costs of the trial . But as Vic Sheppard , Emirates Vice President for UK and Ireland says , "  cost is not an issue " , especially considering the savings the airline is expected to achieve by reducing loss and repatriation of bags . And as Cowlam adds : "  if we can introduce this across the whole network the costs will reduce significantly . " Hong Kong International Airport was one of the first to deploy RFID technology in 2005 . But as outlined in a recent survey by SITA , RFID is being used in just 6 percent of the airports surveyed . "  For this system to really take off we need other airports and other airlines to embrace the technology , " says Cowlam . That widespread adoption may not be far off . The SITA survey indicated that RFID tags will be used in 45 percent of airports by the end of 2009 . It 's still early days , but BAA and Emirates are optimistic for RFID 's future in airports . "  There have been giant strides in the technology in aviation in recent years . But in the last few decades there has n't been any advancement in the methods adopted for baggage handling , " says Sheppard . "  This is a major step forward . " E-mail to a friend	New trial at Heathrow airport will use RFID to accurately track and monitor luggage Compared to exsiting bar codes , RFID tags offer 15 percent more reading accuracy A proposed service will send SMS to passengers informing when bags arrive
CNN  -- Spaniard Pablo Martin claimed his first European Tour win as a professional as he held off home hope Charl Schwartzel by a stroke to win the Alfred Dunhill Championship at Leopard Creek . Martin claimed the Portugal Open as an amateur , but has since endured a sorry run of form and only narrowly kept his tour card at the end of last season . But victory in the first tournament of the 2010 Race to Dubai has seen the 23-year-old create history as the first man to win European Tour events as both an amateur and professional . While Martin triumphed , South African favorite Ernie Els , who had been his closest challenger overnight , slumped to a sorry five-over 77 , with a double bogey on the famous 18th on the course which adjoins the Kruger National Park . Els , who will skip next week 's South African Open , will see his run of winning a tournament every year since 1990 come to an end . Compatriot Schwartzel provided the main challenge to Martin and came close to forcing a playoff on the 18th . Two shots behind on the final tee , he pitched close with his third and holed for a birdie , forcing Martin to two-putt from long range to claim the title . After closing with as three-under-par 69 for a 17-under total of 271 , Martin was overjoyed . "  It 's an unbelievable feeling , " he told www.europeantour.com . "  I am so happy and there was so much emotion today . " The 541-yard 18th - one of the toughest finishing holes in golf - claimed other victims than Els . Welshman Sion Bebb , only one behind after an eagle on the 13th , crashed to a sextuple bogey 11 after a poor tee shot and then two balls into the water . Ireland 's Gareth Maybin also took seven when lying third and Frenchman Michael Lorenzo-Vera had an eight to fall from fourth to eighth . But Martin kept his nerve to set a unique record , which New Zealander Danny Lee and Irishman Shane Lowry can match after their wins as amateurs on the European Tour last season before turning pro . Home golfer Robert Allenby carded a five-under 66 to win the Australian PGA title by four shots at Coolum . He finished four shots ahead of his nearest challengers , fellow Australians Scott Strange and John Senden , to claim his fourth Australian PGA title .	Pablo Martin wins Alfred Dunhill Championship with final round 69 at Leopard Creek Spaniard holds off South African Charl Schwartzel by a shot to claim first pro triumph Martin becomes first man to win European Tour events as an amateur and professional Home favorite Ernie Els slumps to final round five-over-par 77
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso ended his 2011 Formula One commitments wearing a Santa Claus outfit and the robes of a Magi , and the Spanish driver hopes next year will bring a return of the old Ferrari spirit . The legendary Italian marque has won 31 world titles overall , but none since clinching a 16th constructors ' crown in 2008 . Alonso was fourth in the drivers ' standings this year , 135 points behind Red Bull 's all-conquering Sebastian Vettel after winning just one race , while teammate Felipe Massa was a massive 274 points off the pace in sixth . After being Father Christmas for Ferrari employees at the team 's Maranello headquarters , and then one of the Three Wise Men at a sponsors ' party , Alonso turned his attentions towards his bid to add a third world title to his 2005 and 2006 successes at Renault . Argentina 's new F1 project "  This is the time when one is always optimistic , but then we must wait for the start of the season to see where we really are . It 's true that in the past few days , there was a good feeling at Maranello and there 's an air of confidence about it , " the 30-year-old told Ferrari 's website . "  We want to reacquaint ourselves with the taste of winning that has eluded us for a while . Last spring , we made important changes to the structure of the technical part of the team and now we have adopted a new approach , a less conservative one , in the design of the new car . "  The philosophy behind the 2012 car is very different to that of 2011 , especially in some key areas like suspension and aerodynamics . " Alonso , who joined Ferrari in 2010 , is now looking forward to unwinding before testing begins again in Jerez in February ahead of the opening race in Australia on March 18 . "  Now 's the time to take it easy for a few weeks , time to recharge the batteries and be 100 % ready for next season , which I expect will be much more of an equal fight than the one just gone , " he said . "  Red Bull will still be very strong , but I think they will have less room for improvement than us , as we were so far behind this year . "	Fernando Alonso confident that Ferrari can return to winning ways in 2012 Spanish driver and teammate Felipe Massa finished fourth and sixth this year Alonso says the design of the team 's new race car will be less conservative
CNN  -- Barefoot and covered in dirt and sweat , 14-year-old Dante Campilan pulls weeds from orderly rows of sugar cane . Wearing an oversized red cap to protect him from the scorching Philippine sun , Dante is doing work that should be reserved for men , not children . Earning 150 pesos  $ 3.50  for a seven-hour day , Dante has been a child laborer in the Philippine region of Mindanao since he was seven years old . He says he does it to help his parents , but he is just one of many children who are part of an illegal economic system of child labor . The International Labor Organization  ILO  estimates 2.4 million child workers are in the Philippines . Many of them , according to the ILO , are in rural areas working in fields and mines . The organization estimates 60 % work in hazardous conditions . Alongside Dante is 13-year-old Alvic James , who dropped out of school when he was in the first grade . Back then , he explained , his family did n't have enough money to eat . Alvic says he wants to learn to read and write but because he is needed in the fields he has no time to go to school . When the boys turn 15 or 16 , they 'll move on to the more hazardous job of cutting sugar cane . That 's currently the job of 16-year-old Elmar Paran , who has n't been to school since he was a young child , sentencing him to a future in the fields . The use of child laborers in the sugar fields of Northern Mindanao is so common that landowner Angeles Penda shrugs it off as a way of life . "  The parents beg us to include their children to work , " she said . Much of the sugar produced in the fields here ends up in coffee shops , on kitchen tables and on store shelves across the world . "  We do not deny that child labor exists in our industry , " said Edith Villanueva , the president and COO of the Sugar Industry Foundation . "  It 's a practice among families who are paid piecemeal for their work . They like to employ their children because there 's more income for the families . " Villanueva said that paying workers more so they 're not tempted to use their children has not worked in the past . She cites the strong cultural ties of families working together in the fields as one of the main problems . "  If you do n't change their attitude and their values , then you do n't change their way of life . There 's a long-term solution and it 's really education . We feel children should want to go to school , they should be kept in school , and aware of the rights of the children , the rights of the child to go to school and the right of the child to play , " she said . The child labor problem is so overt and widespread in this region that Villanueva says the Sugar Industry Foundation and the Coca-Cola Foundation are paying to build a four-room high school that is set to open later this month . The Coca-Cola company is one of the largest buyers of sugar in the world and the sugar factories fed by the fields of Northern Mindanao call Coca-Cola one of their main customers . In a statement to CNN , Coca-Cola said it "  does not support , encourage or endorse any form of child labor in our operations throughout our global bottling system or in our supplier network . " The company says it conducts continuous assessments of its operations to ensure strong policies and practices are in place to help avoid child labor . In September 2010 , the Coca-Cola Foundation says it joined a coalition of the local government , the ILO and private industry to remove children from sugarcane fields with the hope of eradicating child labor in the Bukidnon region . The Philippines government has also pledged to reduce child labor by 75 % by 2015 . By then Dante will be 17-years-old . It 's more likely that he will have graduated to cutting sugar cane than high school .	Child labor is common practice is Philippine region of Mindanao Children as young as seven can work each day in sugar fields Philippines government plans to reduce child labor by 75 % by 2015 Some suggest cultural ties to families working together make it harder to eradicate
CNN  -- Egypt 's tourism minister plans to install live webcams in holiday hotspots to prove the country 's industry remains healthy . Hisham Zazou told CNN that cameras will broadcast live video of holiday makers on the beach "  basking in the sun . " He added : "  This will give more credibility ... when -LSB- tourists -RSB- see it , they will come . " Egypt 's beaches of Sharm el-Sheikh and the ancient Pyramids in Giza have long pulled tourism revenue , giving a vital boost to the Egyptian economy . But Egypt 's image as a tourism destination has suffered since the Arab Spring erupted in Tunisia just over two years ago and spread across the Middle East . Egypt , with its population of around 84 million , is far bigger than Tunisia and the country 's poverty -- with 40 % of people living on less than $ 2 a day -- has fed the unrest . Visitors have shied away from the country through its first uprising and further revolts against the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party under Mohammed Morsy , who took power after the ouster of Hosni Mubarak . The violence and police crackdowns , particularly in the nation 's capital , Cairo , have hampered attempts to resuscitate the tourism industry . Read more : Protesters attack presidential palace in Cairo But according to Zazou , the 11.5 million visitors to Egypt last year is cause for optimism . This is compared with 9.5 million in 2011 and 14.1 million in 2010 , prior to the outbreak Arab Spring , according to data from the United Nations World Tourism Organization . Zazou said it is wrong to say Egypt is a dangerous country because of the protests in the capital . He told CNN the unrest in "  one square kilometer in downtown Cairo " should not dissuade people from the entire country . Read more : Shoes hurled at Iranian President Ahmadinejad during trip to Cairo On the political situation in Egypt , Zazou expects a new government "  that reflects both Egypts " to be formed after the next parliamentary elections later this year . He added : "  Egypt is in a transition period , you can expect these things . It happened to other countries ... It seems like we 're a divided society but we 're going to get together . " The British Foreign Office warns against travel to some areas of Egypt citing a "  threat from terrorism . " According to the office , a "  high risk of attacks " remains despite tight security through the country . CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report	According to tourism minister Zazou , there were 11.5 million visitors to Egypt in 2012 Egypt boasts the beaches of Sharm el-Sheikh and the ancient Pyramids in Giza The British Foreign Office warns against travel to some areas of Egypt citing "  a threat from terrorism "
RollingStone.com  -- Paul Reubens is dusting off his red bow-tie once more for a film revival of his iconic character Pee-wee Herman . The comedian confirmed the Judd Apatow-produced film was moving forward during an appearance on "  The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon " on Wednesday , but was n't able to divulge too many details just yet . TV on the Radio make Paul Reubens a race car driver for ` Happy Idiot ' video "  There is going to be one , " Reubens said . "  And I was hoping I could make this huge announcement tonight , but it 's a week away , I think , from being announced . " Reubens , however , did say that production on the film would begin next February and that a director had been hired as well , though he would n't say who . "  Steven Spielberg ? " Fallon cracked . "  Steven Spielberg ! " Reubens gamely responded , before shaking his head no and adding : "  It 's called P.T. " As Reubens noted , news of a new Pee-wee Herman movie , and of Apatow 's involvement , has been bouncing around for the better part of three years now . The script was written by Reubens and comedian Paul Rust â $ " whose writing credits also include "  Arrested Development " and "  Comedy Bang ! Bang ! " â $ " though what kind of adventure the titular hero will embark on remains unknown . Own Pee-wee Herman 's ` Big Adventure ' bike The Pee-wee persona originally developed in the 1970s , evolving from Reubens ' early improv work with Los Angeles troupe the Groundlings . After missing the final cut for the 1980 cast of "  Saturday Night Live , " Reubens adapted the eccentric character for the stage with "  The Pee-wee Herman Show , " which gained national exposure after being filmed and released by HBO as a 1981 special . Of course , Pee-wee became a major star once he hit the big screen with 1985 's Tim Burton-directed "  Pee-wee 's Big Adventure . " The success of that bizarre comedy helped Reubens launch a TV series , the eventual cult-classic "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse , " in 1986 . A film sequel , "  Big Top Pee-wee , " was released in 1988 , though was a critical disaster and relative commercial flop . As a sign of his character 's '80s legacy , Pee-wee  not Reubens  was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame . In 1991 , Reubens was arrested for indecent exposure in an adult theater in Sarasota , Florida . With Pee-wee then the punchline of dirty schoolyard jokes , Reubens retired the character for most of the decade . In 2007 , the actor appeared in character at Spike TV 's Guy 's Choice Awards , marking Pee-wee 's first public appearance since 1992 ; then in 2011 , Reubens appeared as Pee-wee in a "  Saturday Night Live " segment opposite cast member Andy Samberg . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Paul Reubens has teased that a new Pee-wee Herman movie is in the works He made the announcement on "  The Tonight Show " Wednesday The actor 's character has recently returned to the spotlight
