CNN  -- The Scottish Police Federation  SPF  has called for an end to the "  madness " of Old Firm matches after a fractious clash between Glasgow rivals Rangers and Celtic . The Scottish Cup clash at Celtic Park on Wednesday was marred by three red cards for Rangers players and a series of running battles on the touchline . Celtic won the game 1-0 but manager Neil Lennon clashed with Rangers striker El-Hadji Diouf during the match and Rangers assistant manager Ally McCoist after the final whistle . Strathclyde Police said there were 34 arrests in the ground for sectarian offences , racial abuse and breach of the peace . The derby between the two old foes is especially incendiary due to the historical religious divide between the two clubs -- Celtic supporters are largely Catholic while Rangers supporters are usually of Protestant background . The trouble on Wednesday night led the head of the Scottish Football Association  SFA  to say he was "  saddened and deeply embarrassed " by the scenes while SPF chairman Les Gray said police were struggling to cope . Mr Gray told CNN : "  We simply do n't have the money and resources to do this . Everyone involved needs to sit down and look at this . Something has to give . This madness can not go on . "  What happens on the pitch is reproduced throughout Scotland , on the streets , in pubs , in homes . You can not justify it . It ca n't keep on going . " Scotland 's Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill was quoted by the UK Press Association as saying : "  There is a deep-rooted and unacceptable social issue involved -- which has a great deal to do with Scotland 's damaging relationship with alcohol , and little to do with football . "  The issue is far wider than clubs and the game . It is about a culture of violence fueled by alcohol . " The SFA confirmed they had launched an investigation with chief executive Stewart Regan criticizing "  inflammatory and irresponsible behavior " during the match . In a statement on the SFA 's website he said : "  As chief executive of this organization , I was both saddened and deeply embarrassed to witness the scenes that unfolded during what is supposed to be Scottish football 's flagship fixture : these images were broadcast around the world and shows our game in a poor light . "  I acknowledge the pressures of expectation on both clubs but last night 's behavior crossed the boundaries of acceptable conduct at a football match . "  The unedifying sight of two of the country 's most recognizable and respected coaches engaged in an angry confrontation was not only unsavoury but exacerbated an already incendiary atmosphere inside the stadium and throughout the West of Scotland . "	Scottish Police Federation call for an end to the "  madness " of fractious Old Firm matches Glasgow derby between Celtic and Rangers on Wednesday marred by violent scenes Celtic manager Neil Lennon pulled apart from Rangers player and assistant manager Scottish FA launch an investigation calling the scenes 'em barrassing '
West Hollywood , California  CNN  -- From the time it was first incorporated by a group of gay activists , West Hollywood has styled itself as America 's gayest city . Throughout the '80s and '90s it was a magnet for young gay men and lesbians looking for a place where they could fit in and be accepted . It was a place of bohemian lifestyles and bold experimentation . It 's a town where the American flag and the gay pride rainbow flag fly side by side . "  We founded this city on an ideal that people could come here to remake their lives , " says city council candidate John D'Amico . But it is a principal that D'Amico and others believe is slipping away . Gentrification has become a major issue in Tuesday 's city elections . Challengers to three incumbent council members up for re-election say city policies have boosted development , but high rents are squeezing out the young and the innovative . Lynn Pickwell has lived in West Hollywood for 23 years . She does n't like some of the changes that she has seen . "  The city sold out to developers , " according to Pickwell . "  They have destroyed old buildings for the construction of million dollar cookie-cutter condos . " The gay bars and dance clubs still line Santa Monica Boulevard . And the Sunset Strip still bristles with rock clubs . But is the city that was once a hipster haven morphing into suburban conformity ? Most of the rough edges that once defined West Hollywood have long since been smoothed over . The notorious gay bath houses and seedy massage parlors are long gone . So too are many of the funky counter-culture boutiques that lent the city a great deal of its charm . In their place one finds fancy day spas , expensive restaurants and upscale merchants . The gay community is still a force in West Hollywood , but today that community has prospered , aged and settled down . Mayor John Heilman says , "  Priorities have shifted . " Heilman believes that West Hollywood may have matured over the last two decades but , "  is still a dynamic and vibrant community . " Resident Dave Coerman agrees , "  I think its still one of the most liberal and progressive communities around . " The 47-year-old Coerman moved his family to West Hollywood just one year ago because , "  The city takes good care of its residents , and if it 's a little more conservative I do n't think that 's a bad thing . " But Scott Schmidt , another city council candidate , believes the city is rapidly losing something special . "  This community has made a promise to the gay and lesbian community of America that this is your home . " And Schmidt says that promise is not being kept because "  access is simply not there for young people to move in and revitalize the community . " Others believe that the creative core of the gay community has already moved east , to neighborhoods in Echo Park , Hollywood and Long Beach . "  I 've seen it before , " says Steven Peros . "  It happened in the East Village and Alphabet City in New York when those neighborhoods began to become gentrified . " Is West Hollywood losing its mojo ? Mayor Heilman says the city is simply aging gracefully . "  I wish I could be 24 again , too . But that 's just not reality . "	In '80s and '90s West Hollywood was a magnet for young gay men and lesbians Gentrification has become a major issue in Tuesday 's city elections Mayor : Gay community in the city has prospered , aged and settled down
CNN  -- The ability to share images and thoughts instantly is one of the marvels of the Information Age . Most of us , thanks to Facebook , have a relationship to a social network that involves a stream of conversation  albeit often banal : "  I 'm making chicken . ... " Really ? But more than conversation , our profiles usually include photos and sometimes YouTube video sharing -- and not just ones of Charlie Sheen sounding off , but also home movies of little Annie 's ballet recital or Grant 's first ski run . Much has been publicized about how important it is for parents to monitor their kids ' use of technology , but what are the guidelines for parents of small children ? When children are not old enough to read , write , talk or press "  upload , " is it inappropriate for us to post their photos on the Web ? As usual , I am of two minds . I love staying connected to friends , and will occasionally post photos on Facebook , but I rarely put my kids ' photos on the Web or my blog . Yet , I notice a lot of blogs seem to be nothing but family photos . Also , I am not sure why I draw a distinction , especially when Facebook has been under scrutiny about its privacy policies . Then , I wondered , what about allowing your kids to be on TV ? Or in print ? Is there a difference ? Is there an actual danger in having their images out there ? I decided to poll some parents to hear their views . A 42-year-old mother of three , who wanted to preserve her family 's privacy , not surprisingly does not even have a Facebook page . She said , "  I feel like Facebook is so voyeuristic and putting my children 's photos on there is me making a decision for them when it can affect them for the rest of their lives . I put my photos on Mobile Me and send my family the link that way . " I asked her if she felt posting photos on Facebook was a real danger to her kids , and she said she believed , "  It could be , but to me , it is more of an ethical decision . " Mary Kay , mother of two , has no issue having her kids ' photos on the Web . Even her personal profile photo on Facebook is a family shot . She also posts individual photos of them on her Facebook page . When I asked her if she thinks this could pose a threat to her kids , she said , "  No I do n't . Maybe I am ignorant , but I do n't worry about it . " She also went on to say that she likes to think people are good . Then she added , "  Then again , our house did get broken into two weeks ago . "  She was not relating this to her Facebook practices , but instead acknowledging she was an optimist when characterizing humanity . She also did n't believe it was a big deal to have her kids posted on YouTube . Michael , on the other hand , father of two , is "  creeped , " out by having his kids ' images on Facebook or the Web , yet his wife , Stephanie , does use Facebook to keep in touch with their family miles away . She said , "  As long as you use your privacy settings , and  have  location services shut off , I do n't have a huge problem with it . " I wondered what I would hear from people who were high profile or had a bit of celebrity standing . I talked to mom blogger Jessica Gottlieb , who has a large Internet following . She never posts photos of her kids on the Web . She believes her "  children are entitled to make their own first impression . " Being their friend on Facebook takes this opportunity away . She also said she feels , "  Mom blogs are Disneyland for pedophiles . " A mid-30s father of two is shooting a reality television show about his company and his family life .  He is not permitted to discuss specifics about the show until it airs .  When asked how he felt about having his kids be part of a TV show , he said , "  At first we  he and his wife  were against it . " He noted there are some reality TV shows in which he feels the kids are exploited ; cameras follow kids around all day and the kids are used as trophies . He feels he and his wife are making a show that realistically portrays the juggle of balancing family and work , and will shed insights on that struggle . The show he is involved in is not about the kids , so he has let go of his misgivings about it . So , some parents think it is no big deal , some feel it is dangerous . How about the experts ? What 's their take ? I spoke with Nancy McBride , national safety director for the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . She would like parents to be aware that posting their kids ' photos online does pose "  a potential risk . " She added she does not want people to be unduly alarmed , but urges parents , "  Make sure only trusted people in their lives have access to your photos . " In a statement on the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children 's resource guide , the advice is : "  There is no particular way to prevent your uploaded images from being copied , saved and used by other individuals online . The only way to ensure that no one is using and saving your images is to avoid uploading them to the Internet . " I spoke with Pattie Fitzgerald , child advocate and founder of Safely Ever After , an organization in Santa Monica , California , dedicated to children 's safety . I asked about Facebook , specifically . She said , "  I have not heard of any parents with young children being stalked because they saw pictures of kids on someone 's Facebook page . " Still , she urged caution , adding , "  It is very easy for information to wind up in the wrong hands . " She said it is far more common "  for tweens to create a Facebook page , lie about their age , post provocative photos and profiles that are not private , tag their names and very easily become accessible . " We all have various degrees of comfort when it comes to privacy on the Internet , as we do in the other parts of our lives . We have different lenses through which we view the world , and styles from which we parent . Some people are afraid of flying , others of terrorist attacks . Some are able to , or chose to , live without fear . My friend George , who is afraid of many things , is not afraid of flying . His theory is , if the plane goes down , it 's not his fault . But , if our responsibility as parents is to protect our kids , then we need to be conscious of the fact that the Web is a public forum . We need to remember that like innocence lost , once you post it , you can never get it back . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lee Rose Emery .	Author : Is there an actual danger in having images of your kids online ? Mother : "  Putting my children 's photos on there is me making a decision for them " Blogger and mother : "  Mom blogs are Disneyland for pedophiles " Parents need to be conscious of the fact that the Web is a public forum , author says
CNN  -- At least one member of the jury that sentenced Cameron Todd Willingham to death in the arson homicides of his three children says she is struggling with the idea that she might have convicted an innocent man . It has been 17 years since Willingham was convicted in Texas of setting a house fire that killed his children , a crime Willingham vehemently denied right up until his execution in 2004 . Since that time , three investigations have concluded arson was not the likely cause of the 1991 fire , including one that arrived in Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's office 88 minutes before the scheduled execution . Perry replaced four of nine members of the Texas Forensics Sciences Commission in recent weeks , just before the commission was to receive a report from the latest of the three investigations . The controversy has led juror Dorenda Brokofsky to think twice about the decision she made in a jury room in 1992 . "  I do n't sleep at night because of a lot of this , " Brokofsky said . "  I have gone back and forth in my mind trying to think of anything that we missed . I do n't like the fact that years later someone is saying maybe we made a mistake , that the facts are n't what they could 've been . " Brokofsky spoke with CNN by phone from her Midwest home . She has long since moved away from tiny Corsicana , Texas , where the fire took place . "  I do have doubts now , " she said . "  I mean , we can only go with what we knew at the time , but I do n't like the fact now that maybe this man was executed by our word because of evidence that is not true . It may not be true now . And I do n't like the fact that I may have to face my God and explain what I did . " "  When you 're sitting there with all those facts , there was nothing else we could see , " she said . "  Now I do n't know . I ca n't tell you he 's innocent , I ca n't say 100 percent he 's guilty . " Brokofsky had another revelation . She said she thought she would be excluded from the jury because of her family 's close relationship with key witness and then-Corsicana Assistant Fire Chief Douglas Fogg . Her father was also a fire marshal for eight years before the Willingham fire . "  I was raised with my father being a fire marshal , " she said . "  He went around proving that stuff , so he was n't here at that time . But I knew Doug Fogg , who was one of the witnesses . It was no secret , but I did n't think they would pick me as a juror because of it . " Critics say Perry 's recent actions to shake up the commission were politically motivated , a charge he denies . Perry 's office said it received a five-page fax on the day of the execution that contained an arson expert 's findings that the fire was not deliberately set . It is unclear whether Perry read the fax . "  Given the brevity of the report and the general counsel 's familiarity with all the other facts in the case , there was ample time for the general counsel to read and analyze the report and to brief the governor on its contents , " Perry spokeswoman Allison Castle said . Willingham was executed less than two hours later . Death-penalty opponents say an impartial review of Willingham 's case could lead to an unprecedented admission -- that the state executed an innocent man . The latest report concluded that the arson ruling at the heart of Willingham 's conviction "  could not be sustained " by modern science or the standards of the time . Perry said he remains confident Willingham was guilty , as do authorities in Corsicana , south of Dallas , who prosecuted Willingham . Willingham 's wife 's brother , Ronnie Kuykendall , said in a signed affidavit that Stacy Willingham told her family that Todd Willingham confessed to killing the children during her visit to him on death row a few days before the execution . But Stacy Willingham testified for her husband during his trial , while her family argued he was guilty . CNN could not reach her for comment . Even Willingham 's defense attorney , David Martin , remains confident his client committed the crime . "  There was no question whatsoever that he was guilty , " Martin said on CNN 's "  AC360 " Thursday night . Martin slammed the most recent report on the Willing ham case , by Maryland arson expert Craig Beyler , as "  one of the least objective reports I 've ever read . " On Thursday , Perry also lambasted the Beyler report as having "  a very politically driven agenda " and being propaganda for the anti-death penalty movement . Beyler , asked about Perry 's statements , said they were "  strange and clueless . "	Cameron Todd Willingham maintained his innocence up until his execution in 2004 Dorenda Brokofsky says new evidence makes her think she made wrong decision "  I do n't like the fact that I may have to face my God and explain what I did , " she says 3 inquiries have concluded that arson was not likely cause of deaths
Mitt Romney is trying to cut into the considerable lead President Obama had among Jewish voters by showing that he is even more of a supporter of Israel than his rival . After suggesting the Obama administration threw Israel "  under the bus , " Romney made an even stronger warning to Iran not to go nuclear , and pledged to move the American embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . Romney is hardly the only one who believes that the Jewish vote swings to the candidate in presidential elections who is the most fervent supporter of Israel . The same position was given voice in a 2007 book by two highly regarded political scientists , The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy , which suggests that Jews have undue influence over U.S. foreign policy by making campaign contributions , pressuring members of Congress , and by casting their votes to support Israel . A controversy erupted in 2011-12 concerning "  Israel Firsters , " a term referring to American Jews who are said to promote Israeli policies to the point where they "  put the interests of the Israeli right above everything else , " as one writer put it . A recent survey shows that Romney will be disappointed . If Jewish votes follow what this survey reveals , Obama will gain somewhat less support from Jews this year than he gained in 2008 -- but the same will be true for other groups of voters , including African-Americans . And most Jews who will change the party they vote for will not "  swing " because of his position on Israel . Opinion : Are voters still picking leader of free world ? For the vast majority of Jews , Israel ranks surprisingly low in their considerations as voters . Early in 2012 , the Public Religion Research Institute found that among self-identified Jewish adults , 51 % of those registered to vote cited the economy as the most important issue driving their voting decision . Fifteen percent cited the growing gap between the rich and the poor , while 10 % cited health care and 7 % the deficit . Only 4 % cited Israel as the most important issue to their vote . As David Harris , Executive Director of the nonpartisan American Jewish Committee , put it , "  Jews are multi-issue voters . The notion they are single-issue voters is simply wrong . " Despite criticism of Obama 's handling of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , for instance by three Brookings Institution scholars in the book Bending History , approximately 60 % of Jewish voters in the Public Religion Research Institute survey reported a very favorable or mostly favorable view of Obama and said that they approve of the way he is doing his job . On the specific issue of how Obama is handling the Arab-Israeli conflict , the survey found Jewish voters to be divided : 20 % of the Jews surveyed said that they agree with the president 's policies and his execution of them , while 15 % reported that they agree with his policies but not his execution of them . Twenty-eight percent reported that they disagree with his policies , while 36 % said that they are not sure of their opinion of how Obama is handling the conflict . Hardly a bloc vote . Indeed , evidence shows that Jews tend to vote as a group no more than -- and often less than -- several other key groups . A Pew Research Center poll conducted in 2011 found that 65 % of the Jews polled reported leaning Democratic and 29 % reported leaning Republican . The same poll found white evangelicals reporting a 70-24 split in favor of Republicans . Eighty-eight percent of black Protestants reported leaning Democratic , with 6 % leaning Republican . Mormons leaned Republican by an 80-17 % margin and atheists leaned Democratic by a 71-21 % margin . A Gallup poll conducted in April also showed 70 % of Latino Catholics favoring Obama , with 20 % supporting Romney , and 10 % remaining undecided . Opinion : Both parties have a huge race problem All this is not to question that Jews care about Israel -- although many liberal Jews are very critical of its policies , and there are many liberal Jews -- just as Irish , Polish , Armenian and other Americans care about the nation they or their forefathers are from and to which they feel an ethnic affinity . However , to jump from noting such sentiments to the conclusion that therefore members of these groups will put these concerns above their commitment to America or allow these concerns to determine their vote must be supported by data . At least in the case of the Jewish vote , data show the opposite is the case . Israel is a decisive factor in shaping the vote of only 4 out of 100 Jewish voters . Romney 's campaign team better keep its Champagne bottles corked .	Mitt Romney is trying to outdo President Obama in his support for Israel , says Amitai Etzioni It 's a myth that the Jewish vote goes to whoever supports Israel more fervently , Etzioni says Only 4 % of American Jews cite Israel as their most important voting issue , he says And 51 % of those registered to vote cited the economy as the most important issue , he says
CNN  -- Sen. Kay Hagan should be toast by now . She 's a Democrat in Republican-leaning North Carolina , voted for Obamacare and is under fire for skipping a meeting of the Senate Armed Services Committee to attend a campaign fundraiser -- a no no in a state with a large military presence . Her Republican opponent , Thom Tillis , is also trying to tie her to the Obama administration 's uneven Ebola response . Yet Hagan is surprisingly strong going into next month 's election , slightly ahead in most polls at a time when other southern Senate Democrats are in serious danger of losing their seats . Her durability is cheering Democrats in an otherwise miserable year and giving the party a playbook for how to make North Carolina competitive during the 2016 presidential election . "  North Carolina is a political fulcrum on which the nation 's politics balances , " said Josh Stein , a Democratic state senator . Potential 2016 contenders are paying close attention to this year 's Senate race . Hillary Clinton will join Hagan at a Charlotte rally on Saturday . Sen. Rand Paul , a Kentucky Republican , has campaigned in the state for Tillis To win , Hagan will have to solidify the coalition from 2008 that helped Barack Obama spring a surprise and become the first Democrat to win North Carolina in a presidential election since Jimmy Carter . The president won the state by turning out record numbers of African Americans along with young , well educated voters moving to Charlotte and the high-tech "  Research Triangle " of Raleigh , Durham and Chapel Hill . But that base thinned in 2012 , returning the state to Republicans . "  It may be that North Carolina becomes a bona fide swing state , " said Andrew Taylor , a political scientist at North Carolina State University . Hagan is hoping to rev up the base by lambasting Tillis , who is currently the state House speaker , over his unpopular legislature 's policies on education and women 's issues . She ca n't afford for any Democrats to stay home , as often happens in midterm elections . OPINION : 4 ways Democrats have already won the midterms African American turnout -- which could diminish without Obama on the ballot -- will again be crucial and Democrats are furious about new voter registration laws which they say discriminate against their core supporters . Winning the North Carolina battleground wo n't be easy â $ " or cheap . The Senate race is attracting a record amount of outside money -- $ 55.7 million , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . A Center for Public Integrity analysis of data collected by Kantar Media/CMAG found North Carolinians have been deluged by nearly 80,000 television ads in a preview of what could be an even costlier presidential campaign in two years time . The intensity will only increase in 2016 if each party thinks the state is up for grabs . For Republicans , maintaining their grip on North Carolina is vital . They would have a hard time finding a path to the White House without it . "  This notion that it used to be a deep red state that is now going Democratic ... is just not an accurate picture of reality , " said John Hood , president of the open market John Locke Foundation . "  North Carolina is likely to be highly competitive , but I do n't see it turning blue , " he said , noting that the state has in the past sent both staunch conservatives like Jesse Helms and liberals like John Edwards to the Senate . Republicans see a 2014 victory in North Carolina as a crucial bulwark against Democratic encroachment on the coastal south in 2016 . A loss now would inevitably spark tough questions about the party 's viability in national elections . Tillis campaign sources say they learned the lesson of Obama 's mighty turnout machine in 2008 and have spent a year building a field operation . They believe the infrastructure left behind by Obama has frayed and see the state Democratic Party as disorganized . But the Hagan campaign says it has enrolled 10,000 volunteers to identify supporters and make sure they vote . But the Ebola outbreak is transforming the contours of the race , underscoring how quickly the state 's political ground can shift . Republicans are slamming Hagan for finally backing an entry ban for citizens of west African nations afflicted by Ebola after she earlier adopted the White House position that travel restrictions would not work . Her delayed flip flop showed a "  lack of leadership and an unwillingness to stand up to President Obama when he is wrong , " said Tillis spokesman Daniel Keylin . Hagan is staying focused on the party 's core issues , calling Tillis "  abysmal " on women 's issues and "  spineless " on global terror . "  At every step , he 's fought for policies that are taking our state backwards , " Hagan said in a debate in which she positioned herself a moderate . Her survival strategy relies on making Tillis a bigger bogeyman than Obama , so she slams him as the enforcer of the Republican power monopoly in Raleigh , and distances herself from the president by backing the Keystone pipeline and opposing trade deals . While she is a sitting senator running for re-election , Hagan is in effect making Tillis the incumbent and has infuriated Republicans by charging the Tillis-led legislature slashed $ 500 million in education funding . Republicans believe they 've blunted that line of attack with a series of ads but Hagan is keeping it up -- hoping that criticizing Tillis on education will be potent in a state that prides itself on its university system . Hagan has also lacerated Tillis on contraception and goaded him into dismissing a federal equal pay bill as a "  gimmick . " Her efforts opened a gender gap of 12 percent among women voters , according to a Survey USA poll . "  Women voters will be the key to her victory in November , " said Marcy Stech , national press secretary for EMILY 's List , which has poured $ 3 million into the race .	Kay Hagan is slightly ahead in most polls going into next month 's elections Hagan 's strength could provide Democrats a playbook for winning North Carolina in 2016 Hillary Clinton will campaign with Hagan on Saturday
CNN  -- Next time a friend of yours calls up asking for their spare key , they may be looking for a Facebook password . On Thursday , Facebook began testing a tool called Trusted Friends . It lets a user specify between three and five pals on the social network  no more , no less  who can be counted on to pass along a special code if the user somehow gets locked out of his or her account . It 's essentially another way to regain access to your Facebook page if you forget your password . The option will show up on the "  account settings " page for some of Facebook 's 800 million users during the next few weeks , the company said in a statement . When someone who has enabled the feature is unable to login using the normal means , they can click "  forgot my password " and request that keys be sent to their specified friends via Facebook message . The user must then retrieve all the codes , or keys , and enter them into fields on Facebook 's password-recovery page to log back in , a Facebook spokeswoman said in an e-mail . This makes the process sort of like a scavenger hunt , although one with a less-than-exciting reward . The Trusted Friends feature will not be mandatory . It joins other account-recovery features such as the ubiquitous "  forgot my password " and security questions , as well as less conventional methods , like identifying friends ' faces in pictures or recovering passwords via text message . Facebook also began testing another security feature on Thursday for setting different passwords on each site that takes Facebook credentials .	Facebook has begun testing new security features One allows users to specify people who can help with account emergencies Users must collect three to five keys from friends in order to log in
Washington  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden has a colorful take on ranking second . The latest Bidenism came Thursday night at Harvard University 's Institute of Politics , when a questioner introduced himself as the vice president of the student body . "  Is n't that a b -- ? " a smiling Biden said . "  I mean ... excuse me . The vice president thing . " Realizing what he 'd just said , Biden quickly added : "  I 'm joking , I 'm joking , I 'm joking . Best decision I ever made . I 'm joking -- that was a joke . " The student told Biden that he hopes he loves being vice president . "  I do , actually . I love the guy I work with , " Biden said . The comment came during a substantive event where Biden discussed free trade deals , foreign policy , the Ebola outbreak , race relations and more . It 's far from the first time Biden 's off-the-cuff remarks have drawn attention -- sometimes unwanted . The most famous example came in 2010 , when he whispered to President Barack Obama -- close enough for microphones to pick up the comment -- that passage of the health care law was "  a big f -- ing deal . " At women 's forum , Biden lauds ex-senator known for sex harassment case Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	Joe Biden quipped that being a vice president is "  a b -- " His comment came at a Harvard University event Biden quickly told the crowd he was joking and called taking the job the "  best decision I ever made "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Frank DiPascali , formerly the finance chief at Bernard Madoff 's investment advisory business , pleaded guilty in federal court in Manhattan on Tuesday to 10 charges including securities fraud and international money laundering . Frank DiPascali , center in this courtroom sketch , said he knew for about 20 years he was engaged in wrongdoing . The charges carry a maximum sentence of 125 years . With his guilty plea , DiPascali waived his right to a trial . As Tuesday 's hearing commenced , U.S. District Judge Richard J. Sullivan explained that for him to accept DiPascali 's guilty plea , DiPascali would have to sufficiently convince him that he was , in fact , guilty . That set the stage for a dramatic statement from DiPascali about his history at Madoff 's firm , his personal relationship with Madoff , and the mechanics of a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme for which Madoff was convicted in June . While DiPascali 's guilty plea and the judge 's acceptance of it were expected , both the defense and the prosecution were surprised by the judge 's decision to reject DiPascali 's bail agreement -- and to have him escorted from the courtroom in handcuffs . The defense and even the prosecution pleaded with the judge not to order DiPascali into custody . Prosecutors told the judge they believed remanding DiPascali would impede the "  efficiency " of their Madoff investigation . Marc Mukasey , the lead defense attorney , stood multiple times to dispute the decision , variously suggesting to the judge that DiPascali instead be put under house detention , that he wear an electronic monitoring device , and that the decision on his bail agreement be postponed for 48 to 72 hours . He added that DiPascali 's family was "  completely unprepared " for this outcome . While Sullivan patiently heard out Mukasey 's many counterproposals , he refused to back down from his decision , asserting that DiPascali was too serious a flight risk given the "  astronomical " maximum sentence he may receive . The judge also said that he could not "  overlook the conduct -LSB- DiPascali -RSB- admitted to " despite DiPascali 's avowed determination to do the right thing henceforth . Though DiPascali remained outwardly calm for much of Tuesday 's proceedings , the judge 's decision not to grant him bail appeared to stun him . He seemed in a daze as it became clear he would leave the courtroom in handcuffs , cupping his head in his hands and rubbing his temples . Earlier in his testimony , DiPascali recounted how he joined Madoff 's company as a newly minted high-school grad in 1975 . He held numerous jobs during his 33-year tenure -- options trader and research analyst among them -- but above all he was a "  guy who did whatever he was told to do around the office . " Working side by side with Madoff for decades , DiPascali developed a tight bond with his employer . "  Bernie was a mentor to me and more , " he said , adding that he was "  loyal to a terrible , terrible fault . " His sense of loyalty led him to falsify documents for his boss for years on end , he said . Using a financial program , he looked up historical prices of stocks and then drafted customer statements showing bogus stock transactions . He calculated theoretical commissions that the business should have received from the trades that it did not actually make , and then wired money from account to account to make those commissions appear , he said . And as a principal point of contact for investors in Madoff 's investment advisory business , DiPascali said , he also regularly fielded calls from investors curious about how their money was being managed , knowing that the trades he told them about were entirely fictitious . He said he had been aware that what he was doing was wrong since the "  late '80s , early '90s . " "  I do n't know how I went from an 18-year-old kid who happened to have a job -LSB- to -RSB- standing in front of you today , " he said . DiPascali repeatedly stated that he perpetrated the massive fraud in collusion "  with others , " though he specified neither who those other were nor how many they numbered . DiPascali said he rationalized to himself that Madoff 's victims would have a soft landing if the Ponzi scheme ever came crumbling down . He said he thought Madoff had assets he could liquefy in a worst-case scenario . "  I know my apology means nothing , " DiPascali said . His voice quavered as he expressed remorse for his part in swindling charities that had invested with Madoff . Miriam Siegman , a Madoff victim who said she lost 40 years ' worth of personal savings in the scheme and was now on the brink of homelessness , asked the judge to reject DiPascali 's guilty plea . She insisted that the "  full truth " would come out only if DiPascali stood trial . Both legal teams said they expected sentencing to happen in May . Each side will have the opportunity to submit documents and testimonies in support of or against DiPascali before Sullivan hands down the sentence . DiPascali is the second person involved in the Madoff scheme to land behind bars as a result of the fraud . In June , Madoff pleaded guilty to 11 counts and was sentenced to 150 years in prison for masterminding the scheme . Prosecutors have said it was the largest investor fraud committed by a single person , totaling billions in losses to investors .	NEW : Judge denies bail for Frank DiPascali , despite deal he had with prosecutors DiPascali , Bernie Madoff 's fiance chief , pleads guilty to securities fraud Madoff was sentenced to prison this year for orchestrating Ponzi scheme DiPascali admits to creating false statements with historical stock prices
CNN  -- The Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics will feature designated public zones where protestors will be able to demonstrate , the International Olympic Committee  IOC  has announced . IOC president Thomas Bach told reporters in Lausanne , Switzerland that organizers of Russia 's first Winter Games had agreed to set aside areas similar to ones previously seen at Vancouver 2010 and the 2008 Summer Games in Beijing . "  We welcome the announcement of the -LSB- Sochi 2014 -RSB- Organizing Committee that in Sochi there will be protest zones that will be established for people who want to demonstrate against something , " said Bach , who replaced former president Jacques Rogge in September . "  Protestors  will have the opportunity to do so in special protest zones . This was under discussion with the IOC for quite some time . It was announced to us today  Monday  and it will be located in Sochi . " Russia 's suitability to host the Games has been called in to question following the country 's introduction of anti-gay propaganda laws earlier this year . Russian officials have given assurances that the laws , which bars the public discussion of gay rights and relationships anywhere children might hear it , will not affect athletes or international tourists heading to the Games . On Monday , German president Joachim Gauck became the first major political figure to announce he will not be attending the Games . German newspaper Der Spiegel reported Gauck made the decision in protest against human rights violations and the harassment of Russian opposition political figures , although those claims were denied by his office . Gauck 's fellow German Bach also questioned whether the president 's decision was an act of protest . "  These kind of invitations are invitations from Governments to Governments and it is not up to the IOC to interfere with Government relations , " said Bach . "  On a personal note I know President Gauck is a very straightforward man . If his decision would have any political motivation he would have said this . He can not travel to the country without an earlier state visit . "  I know him a little bit . He knows how to use the words and if he had something to say he would have said it . " Another senior politician who will not be at the Black Sea resort is Viviane Reding , the European Union Commissioner for Justice , Fundamental Rights and Citizenship . The Luxembourgian tweeted : "  I will certainly not go to Sotchi  sic  as long as minorities are treated the way they are under the current Russian legislation . " The IOC will warn athletes against taking part in any protests or demonstrations during the Games , which begin on February 7 . Rule 50 in the Olympic Charter , which governs the Games , says : " No kind of demonstration or political , religious or racial propaganda is permitted in any Olympic sites , venues or other areas . " " We will give the background of the Rule 50 , explaining the interpretation of the Rule 50 to make the athletes aware and to assure them that the athletes will be protected , " Bach , who won a gold medal in fencing in 1976 , told the Associated Press earlier this week . " As an athlete you do not want to be confronted in the Olympic Village or the Olympic Stadium with any kind of political controversies . " The IOC 's stance has drawn the ire of tennis legend Martina Navratilova . The Czechoslovakian-born American , who came out as gay in 1981 , criticized the IOC "  for really putting their head in the sand " over the issue of Russian law . "  The IOC needs to stand up better for their athletes quite frankly , " she told reporters at the United Nations , where she was speaking to mark International Human Rights Day . The IOC denied Navratilova 's claims , saying it is against all forms and discrimination . It also said it has no place commenting on one country 's laws . "  The IOC is ` standing up for athletes ' by making sure that the Olympic Charter is respected by all participants at the Games and ensuring there will be no discrimination on grounds of race , sex or sexuality , " the organization said in a statement given to CNN . "  We can not intervene in the laws of individual countries -- we leave that to governments and the relevant international organizations such as the United Nations . "	Public protest zones will be set aside at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics Russia 's suitability to host the Winter Games has been questioned Germany 's president Joachim Gauck will not be attending the Games European Union official Viviane Reding says she would not visit Sochi
Cairo  CNN  -- Members of Egypt 's Olympic team were given fake Nike gear to wear during training in London , athletes and a distributor said . Synchronized swimmer Yomna Khallaf described the kit Egypt 's athletes received in a series of Twitter posts this week . "  The bags for example have  a  big Nike logo in the front and the zippers are Adidas , " Khallaf wrote . Officials accepted a bid from an unauthorized vendor who offered Nike gear at half the price , according to Adly el-Shafie , the commercial director of Nike 's only agent and distributor in Egypt . El-Shafie said he notified Egyptian officials twice that they had purchased counterfeit gear from an unauthorized distributor , but received no response . "  The scandal was clear when Egypt 's Olympic fencing team approached us complaining about the sizes of their training kit and attire to be worn around the Olympic Village , " said el-Shafie , commercial director of Allied Trading and Consulting . A senior official from the Egyptian Olympic Committee 's London delegation declined CNN 's request for comment . But Egypt 's top Olympics official defended the move in an interview with the state-owned Ahram Online news site . "  We bought the clothing from a Nike agent . You can never tell the difference between the original and the fake ones , " Gen. Mahmoud Ahmed Ali , chairman of the Egyptian Olympic Committee , told Ahram Online . "  All Nike products in the Egyptian market are made in China . They all have the same logo . How can you know ? " Ali urged the U.S.-based company to trace the agent who sold them the counterfeit clothing and to "  sue him . " "  It 's like if somebody created false coins and you happened to possess them . Is it your fault then ? " he said . In a statement Thursday , Nike said it was discussing the allegations with Egyptian officials and trying to reach a solution for Egypt 's Olympic team , which has 113 athletes competing in 19 sports . "  Nike is highly concerned that if these allegations are true , the athletes will have received products that do not meet Nike 's quality standards , " the company said in a statement . "  Nike 's authorized distributor in Egypt sent two official communications to the EOC on this issue weeks ago and on July 20 , 2012 , Nike also sent a written communication to the EOC requesting the Committee to take immediate action . " Officials responded for the first time Wednesday , Nike said , adding that the company believes the issue with the Egyptian Olympic Committee is an "  isolated incident . " "  We are currently cooperating with the EOC toward reaching a solution within the next 48 hours , " el-Shafie told CNN on Wednesday . In the meantime , Khallaf said in a Twitter post that she shelled out 2,000 Egyptian pounds  $ 330  of her own money to buy new gear . "  It 's so frustrating that we had to pay extra ... to have other proper stuff to wear so that we can look okay , not even good , " she wrote .	A swimmer says bags have Nike logos and an Adidas zipper Fencers complained about the size of the attire , a distributor says Official : You ca n't "  tell the difference between the original and the fake ones " Nike says it is discussing the allegations with Egyptian officials
CNN  -- Right now , Bryan Cranston is The Man . It 's not just "  Breaking Bad , " on which he plays chemistry teacher-turned-meth mogul Walter White , grabbing headlines as it hurtles toward its finale . It 's the sheer ubiquity of the actor , who 's proven himself to be versatile , good-humored and clamorously in demand . When rumors surfaced about the "  Breaking Bad " star playing Lex Luthor in the next "  Superman " movie , they created an instant Internet firestorm -- and seemed utterly plausible . When Stephen Colbert was looking for a "  Get Lucky " dance partner on his widely seen Daft Punk tribute show , of course he chose Cranston  plucking him out of a Charlie Rose interview  . He appeared in recent episodes of "  The Simpsons "  as White  , "  The Cleveland Show "  as Cleveland 's physician , Dr. Fist  and "  30 Rock . " He even made a guest appearance in Jimmy Fallon 's parody of "  Breaking Bad . " There 's more . He 's on newsstands . In the last two months alone , Cranston 's been covered with debris on the cover of Entertainment Weekly , looked dapper on the August GQ and been the subject of a profile in The New Yorker . He 's on the stage . He 's starring in "  All the Way , " a play about Lyndon Johnson by the Pulitzer winner Robert Schenkkan  "  The Kentucky Cycle "  . Producers are eyeing the play , which premiered in Boston this week , for a Broadway run . He 's in theaters . He 's got two movies scheduled for this year , "  Get a Job " and "  Cold Comes the Night . " Last year he appeared in six : "  Red Tails , " "  John Carter , " "  Madagascar 3 , " "  Rock of Ages , " "  Total Recall " and "  Argo . " All this Cranston has n't gone unnoticed . When "  Argo " director Ben Affleck requested Cranston for the film two years ago , producer Grant Heslov quickly agreed . "  Yeah , we should , " he told Affleck . "  We 're the only movie coming out next year that does n't have him in it . " Too much Cranston ? Hardly . He 's known as a loyal friend and hardworking colleague -- and utterly unflappable . As writer Brett Martin observed in his GQ profile , the writers of "  Malcolm in the Middle " frequently tried to throw Cranston off balance . But Cranston , as the show 's daffy dad , Hal , approached all manner of humiliation -- tighty-whities , bee attacks , nude roller-skating -- with the same casual steadiness he now brings to Walter White  though , admittedly , without the menace  . Photos : Memorable moments from ` Breaking Bad ' "  Malcolm " was Cranston 's breakthrough , but he 'd been a regular visitor on TV screens for almost two decades . Indeed , he was a familiar face even when his name was unknown , appearing in commercials for such brands as Lay 's potato chips  opposite Michael J. Fox  , JC Penney and Preparation H.  Hey , it was a good living . In his TV and movie roles , he generally appeared as authority figures : cops , soldiers and the like . He played two different astronauts in Tom Hanks productions : Gus Grissom in "  That Thing You Do ! " and Buzz Aldrin in "  From the Earth to the Moon " and later "  Magnificent Desolation . "  Cranston and Hanks share another connection : Cranston 's wife , Robin Deardon , was one of Rita Wilson 's bridesmaids at her 1988 wedding to Hanks . But Cranston could show vulnerability when necessary . That 's what prompted "  Breaking Bad " creator Vince Gilligan to cast Cranston as White in the first place . Gilligan , a former "  X-Files " writer , remembered a Cranston performance in an "  X-Files " episode called "  Drive . " Cranston 's character was a bigoted creep , but the actor made him sympathetic . Now he -- as the "  Breaking Bad " catchphrase has it -- is the one who knocks . On Sunday , Cranston is up for his eighth Emmy as an actor -- he'a had three nominations for "  Malcolm " and five for "  Breaking Bad . " He 's won three times for his portrayal of Walter White , and given the attention surrounding him , he 's the odds-on favorite for a fourth . He definitely has fans in his corner . "  They need to rename the Emmy the Cranston , " wrote a commenter named Stan on HitFix.com . That probably wo n't happen -- but it does n't need to . The actor is secure in his work : currently shooting a new version of "  Godzilla , " scheduled for next year , and ready for more if he wants it . It 's a far cry from the wounded Walter White , who once lamented , "  There was some perfect moment that passed me right by . " For the man named Bryan Cranston , the perfect moment is right now .	With many projects , upcoming "  Breaking Bad " finale , Bryan Cranston is man of the moment Cranston is known as loyal friend , hardworking colleague , unflappable actor The actor is favored to win an Emmy for his portrayal of Walter White
CNN  -- Last time around , humanity 's savior came in the form of a human messiah . This time , if technology analysts , bankers and venture capitalists are to be believed , it will take the form of a handheld computer otherwise known as a smartphone . That 's right , the new Apple iPhone announced Wednesday is already being credited with saving the United States economy . According to JP Morgan , sales of the new device should boost our nation 's GDP by as much as 0.5 % in the fourth quarter of this year alone . That 's not a misprint , but half a percent of the nation 's economic activity , or $ 3.2 billion . It 's hard to know whether such proclamations - even if true - say as much about the power of smartphones as they do about the weakness of the rest of the economy . In either case , however , I ca n't help but fear yet another hyper-inflated bubble in the making . Maybe smartphones make us ` SuperStupid ' ? First off , most of the projected $ 3.2 billion wo n't be from consumers to Apple , but from wireless carriers subsidizing their subscriber 's purchases in return for contract extensions . That 's not really "  growth " the way we used to define it in economics class . But that does n't stop us from mistaking wireless as a pure growth industry , and far too many from placing their bets accordingly . Working as I do in New York 's Silicon Alley , it 's hard not to bump into an iPhone app builder or investor everywhere I go . Labs , incubators and angel investing groups are quite focused - some might argue obsessed - with launching the next monster iPhone hit , and then selling before it crashes . Top-ranked iPhone app Draw Something , for example , peaked at around 50 million downloads this spring . This was just in time for its developer to be bought by Zynga for $ 200 million , and then start its descent into obscurity the very next day . Even the students at the graduate digital programs where I teach have shifted from building for computer or the Web to developing for the iPhone . Like garage bands of yesterday , they toil away in the hope of getting the next big hit . Yes , we 've been here before . First time , for me anyway , was the CD-ROM craze . Flashy interactivity , new authoring tools and seemingly infinite storage space led many media publishers to believe that CD-ROMs would be to the digital era what books were to that of text . They obsolesced themselves as a viable format  mostly by being slow and boring  even before networking speeds made disks irrelevant . The dotcom boom appeared just as infinite to those in the know . While Amazon has been left standing , Pets.com and Etoys crashed as quickly as they rose . The vast majority of online retailers surprised the Wall Street analysts betting on them . Social media was supposed to solve that problem for the tech industry and NASDAQ alike , but climaxed in the IPO of Facebook , a disappointment so far-reaching it has dragged dozens of social media companies along with it , and sent investors and entrepreneurs looking for greener pastures . The choreography of an Apple event Like wireless handheld devices and the apps running on them . Everywhere I turn , every conference I attend , every magazine story I read seems to be based on one aspect of these technologies or another . Everyone is hard at work on an iPhone app that lists , maps , or socializes some data set in some new visual way . Pictures over text , text over maps , restaurants close to subways , or apps showing subways with WiFi to download more apps . Do n't get me wrong : Wireless is big , and these devices are here to stay , at least until we get comfortable with apps being embedded in objects and technology being implanted in our bodies . And while the opportunity for corporations to make billions on these apps may be overstated , we may still see a new peer-to-peer marketplace emerge between independent developers and the users of their bounty of applications . But the extent to which entrepreneurs , developers , and even columns like this one depend on Apple and the rest of the wireless computing industry for new grist far exceeds their true impact or potential . So go , get an iPhone . Enjoy it . But find something or someone else to save you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Release of new iPhone is being touted as a big boost to the economy He says such pronouncements make him think more of a hyper-inflated bubble in the making He says much of growth comes from carriers subsidizing subscribers ' purchases Rushkoff : Developers , investors obsessed with iPhone . Like other tech booms , it too will pass
CNN  -- Condolences continued to pour in late Sunday night following the death of heavy metal rocker Ronnie James Dio , who lost his battle with stomach cancer earlier in the day . "  Today my heart is broken , Ronnie passed away at 7:45 a.m. 16th May , " his wife , Wendy Dio , said in a message on his official website . Dio , 67 , followed Ozzy Osbourne as Black Sabbath 's lead vocalist in 1979 . "  Many , many friends and family were able to say their private goodbyes before he peacefully passed away , " she wrote . "  Ronnie knew how much he was loved by all . " The rock community paid tribute to Dio in messages late Sunday . "  In addition to his powerhouse vocal ability , Ronnie was a true gentleman who always emanated great warmth and friendship to us and everyone around him , " KISS said . "  We will miss him . " Anthrax guitarist Scott Ian called Dio 's death a big loss . "  So many memories of Ronnie . Toured together many times . He always had a kind word and a smile , and he loved the Yankees , " Ian said . Musician Slash summed up the loss in one sentence : "  Ronnie died at 7:45 a.m. , but his music will live for eternity . " Motley Crue bassist Nikki Sixx , who became friends with Dio while touring Europe , said the rocker will be missed . "  I still have this image of him standing on stage in front of 100,000 belting out ` Man on the Silver Mountain ' and remember the shivers it sent up my spine , " Sixx said . He called Dio "  one of the kindest souls I have ever met and his talent was beyond inspirational to so many of us . " "  Those of us that had the opportunity to know Ronnie can tell you what a wonderful and passionate man he was , " Sixx said . Dio most recently was touring with Heaven and Hell , a version of Black Sabbath renamed for legal reasons . All shows were canceled last March because of his illness . His last public appearance was in April at the Revolver Golden Gods Awards when he accepted a vocalist of the year award for his work on last year 's Heaven and Hell album . Dio appeared frail , but he spoke while accepting his award . Born Ronald James Padavona in 1942 , Dio 's professional music career began as a high school student in the late 1950s . His 1960s rock group The Electric Elves evolved into Elf by the early 1970s , when the group played heavy blues rock . Dio 's rock became darker with his band Rainbow , which he left in 1979 to join Black Sabbath . Black Sabbath released three albums with Dio , including "  Heaven and Hell " in 1980 , "  Mob Rules " in 1981 and "  Live Evil " in 1982 . Dio left that band in 1982 , but he had a brief reunion with the group a decade later . He formed the group Dio in 1982 and later Heaven and Hell .	Rock community paid tribute to Dio in messages late Sunday Dio most recently was touring with the band Heaven and Hell His last public appearance was in April at the Revolver Golden Gods Awards
CNN  -- Facebook is holding a news conference on Tuesday , where it is expected to announce that the company is moving operations to Menlo Park , California . Perhaps no one is more excited to learn of Facebook 's plans than the city 's mayor . Facebook has reportedly signed a deal with a real estate agency for employees to move into offices in Menlo Park . Facebook is outgrowing its current headquarters near Stanford University in Palo Alto , California . An invitation to a Facebook event next week , set to take place at Menlo Park City Hall , went out to reporters on Friday . Menlo Park Mayor Rich Cline received the same e-mail , with no further explanation . "  I have yet to hear them tell me they 're moving here , " Cline said in an interview Friday afternoon . "  I do n't have any documentation signed saying they 're moving in here . " A Facebook spokesman told CNN that Tuesday 's event set to take place in Menlo Park is "  regarding a campus that will fit our long-term business needs . " Next week 's announcement follows talks with city officials and real estate managers that have gone on for months . Discussions between Facebook and Menlo Park officials have been "  extensive , " Cline said . The move would be a coup for Menlo Park over neighboring Palo Alto . But Cline said he did not try to aggressively appeal to Facebook 's decision makers due to a Silicon Valley agreement discouraging attempts to poach high-profile businesses . Whether Facebook will designate Menlo Park as its headquarters or will continue to keep core assets in Palo Alto is unknown . "  They 'd love to stay in Palo Alto , and they 've indicated that they plan to keep a presence in Palo Alto with a lot of their core engineering , " said Pat Burt , a Palo Alto council member and former mayor . "  We will miss whatever portion of them that we lose , which will be most of their growth , certainly . " Last summer , Facebook began expressing interest to Palo Alto officials in obtaining more office space there , Burt said . Failing that , the company had to look elsewhere . The location in Menlo Park that Facebook is planning to move into is close to the former offices of technology giant Sun Microsystems , Cline said . Having a hip , affluent tenant could improve the economics in the area 's nearby impoverished community and help spark a much-talked-about revival of that section , he said . "  We have the richest of the rich and some of the poorest in the same town , " Cline said . "  There 's a lot of potential for that area to redevelop . " But Cline , who also runs a public relations agency , is tempering his expectations . He joked that Facebook could hold an event at his city hall , and say , "  We brought everybody down to say ... we 're staying in Palo Alto ! " "  They 've been very careful , " Cline said . "  Anything can happen in a four-day period . "	Facebook is in talks to relocate its offices from Palo Alto , California , to Menlo Park Facebook has scheduled a news conference at Menlo Park City Hall for Tuesday Menlo Park 's mayor says he does n't know for sure whether Facebook is moving in
Washington  CNN  -- Democrats were making an election-year pitch to women on Friday , mindful of their past advantage among the voting bloc and hoping to convince enough women to cast ballots for their candidates in November 's mid-term contests . Without strong turnout and support from women , Democrats stand little chance of keeping control of the Senate -- the party 's top priority this year . The biggest draw at the Democrats ' Women 's Leadership Forum in Washington was Hillary Clinton , their leading 2016 potential presidential contender and , in the minds of some Democrats , a potential boost to mid-term candidates . President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden also were on the event 's roster . "  We have fought for families , for moms and dads and kids and the values that hold us all together , " Clinton said during her midday speech , which was warmly received by the room of party activists . Women have provided Democrats a boost in recent elections , including in 2012 , when 55 % voted for Obama in that year 's presidential contest . But as Obama 's poll numbers have slid , so , too , has his support among women . The most recent CNN survey of Obama 's popularity showed 55 % of women disapproved of how Obama is handling his job -- the same percentage that voted for him in 2012 . That disapproval rate was on par with the figure for men . On pressing issues including terrorism , the economy and Ukraine , more women than men disapprove of how Obama 's doing his job . Those figures worry Democrats , whose prospects in this year 's contests are closely pinned to voters ' perception of Obama . Those anxieties have led to scant invites for Obama on the campaign trail . Less worrisome in the mind of some party operatives is Clinton , who 's been enlisted to stump for candidates in several states ahead of the November 4 vote . On Friday , she said the congressional and gubernatorial contests were just as important as the higher-profile presidential race she 's currently considering . "  I know they might not be as glamorous as presidential elections , " Clinton said of midterms , but they 're nonetheless "  crucial for our country 's future . " Listing candidates such as gubernatorial hopefuls Mary Burke  Wisconsin  and Wendy Davis  Texas  , Clinton said women candidates "  give me hope " for the future of keeping issues like pay equity and the minimum wage at the fore . "  We have fought for families , for moms and dads and kids and the values that hold us all together , " she said . "  So do n't let anyone dismiss what you 're doing here today as women 's work . Do n't let anyone send you back to the sidelines . " Earlier , Biden touted his own record advocating for stricter laws to punish violence against women , and claimed modern-day Republicans were n't upholding their party 's history . "  It was n't Democrats involved . Republicans were the sponsors of raises in the minimum wage . I could go on and on . So I 'm not joking . This is not your father 's Republican Party , " he said . Republicans countered by claiming Democrats were only interested in "  pointing fingers . " "  Every day we are talking to women about the issues we all care about -- empowering women at work and at home , creating good paying jobs , building the economy , increasing workplace flexibility , addressing workplace discrimination and modernizing job training , " said GOP spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski .	Top Democrats speak at Women 's Leadership Forum Polls indicate women are critical of Obama 's performance There are concerns this could hurt Democrats in upcoming midterm contests
CNN  -- Ireland 's Kevin O'Brien scored the fastest century in cricket World Cup history to help his country claim a sensational three-wicket Group B victory over England in Bangalore . O'Brien reached the magical three figures in just 50 balls , smashing the previous best mark of 66 deliveries set by Australia 's Matthew Hayden against South Africa in 2007 . The 26-year-old O'Brien hit six sixes and 13 fours on his way to 113 , helping Ireland reach 329 for seven with five balls to spare , in reply to England 's total of 327 for eight from their 50 overs . As well as O'Brien 's remarkable innings , Ireland 's victory marked the highest second innings run chase in World Cup history -- beating Sri Lanka 's 313 against Zimbabwe in New Zealand in 1992 Speaking after collecting his man-of-the-match award , O'Brien -- who also played in Ireland 's famous 2007 World Cup win over Pakistan -- said : "  I do n't think it 's quite sunk in . "  It 's probably the best innings I 've ever played . I just hit the ball pretty well and got a bit of luck and things went my way . I just kept going and kept attacking . " England came into the match as hot favorites following their thrilling tie against India on Sunday and they looked to be firmly in control when Ireland were reduced to 111 for five . But O'Brien and Alex Cusack went on to score 162 in a superb six-wicket stand before Cusack was eventually run out for 47 . However , O'Brien remained at the crease and when he was eventually dismissed with the score on 317 , also by run out , Ireland needed just 12 runs from two more overs to secure a famous success . England captain Andrew Strauss told reporters : "  We thought we 'd done a reasonable job with the bat and we got Ireland at five down and things were looking pretty comfortable . "  But we were n't reckoning on an outstanding innings from Kevin O'Brien . It was pretty brutal . " Earlier , England 's Jonathan Trott equalled the record for the fastest 1,000 runs in one-day internationals . Trott 's score of 92 meant he joined team-mate Kevin Pietersen and West Indies legend Viv Richards in taking just 21 innings to achieve that feat .	Ireland 's Kevin O'Brien scores the fastest ton in cricket World Cup history O'Brien takes just 50 balls to reach three figures in Ireland 's three-wicket win Ireland fight back from 111-5 to reach 329-7 with still five balls remaining Ireland 's victory marks the highest second innings run chase in World Cup history
CNN  -- Draped in a white shroud , the body of a man is engulfed in flames atop a massive pile of wood , the insatiable fire churning out ashes for hours . A few yards away , a group of mourners chants prayers as the stench of burning flesh guides a billowing cloud of black smoke high into the Indian sky . This is a traditional Hindu funeral pyre -- an ancient ritual that goes back thousands of years in which devotees cremate bodies by burning firewood in an open ground . "  The smoke is all around the ground , " said Ankur Agrawal , a 31-year-old iron merchant who recently attended the final rites of his uncle at a cremation ground in the city of Moradabad in the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh . "  There is a lot of consumption of wood , " he added . And it 's because of this that these ceremonies , designed to release the soul from mortal flesh , pose a threat to the living , according to some environmentalists . Fifty to 60 million trees are burned during cremations every year in India , according to Mokshda , a Delhi-based NGO working to reduce the environmental impact of funeral pyres . "  When you are burning those trees , you are emitting about eight million tonnes of carbon dioxide or greenhouse gas emissions , " said Mokshda director Anshul Garg . Air pollution and deforestation are not the only environmental threats caused by cremation : They also generate large quantities of ash , which are later thrown into rivers , adding to the toxicity of their waters , according to Mokshda . More than seven million Hindus die each year in India and the sight of corpses surrendering to the flames of traditional funeral pyres is part of the country 's daily cycle of life . New Delhi has about 400 traditional cremation grounds , while Mumbai has around 300 , according to Mokshda . In order to tackle the environmental problems stemming from these sites , the Indian government and environmental groups have , over the years , promoted the use of electric systems as an alternate way of cremation . But these systems , which burn no wood and generate no smoke , have by-and-large failed , mainly due to financial and religious reasons . They were expensive to run but , crucially , traditional rituals -- such as kapal kriya , where a stick or long bamboo pole is used to crack open the burning skull to free soul from its earthly existence -- were impossible . Mokshda , however , claims it has created an alternative system that addresses these problems : It says its affordable , energy-efficient "  Green Cremation System " generates minimum air and water pollution , while taking into consideration the religious needs of Hindus . The wood-based system consists of a man-sized grate beneath a roof and a chimney , which reduces heat loss . The wood is placed on the metal base , which enables better air circulation around the flames . Garg says the benefits are manifold : It takes up to two hours and 150-200 kilograms of wood to burn a body completely , while a traditional pyre takes six hours and burns 500-600 kilograms of wood . As a result , he says , the cost is reduced significantly and emissions are cut by up to 60 % . Jay Lakhani , director of the UK-based Hindu Academy , which looks at the religion in contemporary society , says such initiatives have a positive impact on the wider community . He said : "  All these are welcome moves because this is hanging on to tradition as well as making sure the environment is safeguarded . "  There are many such institutions in India that are trying to be environmental-friendly and also of course if you can do it in a more economical way it will be cheaper for the families , so it benefits everybody . " For Agrawal , who attended a cremation using Mokshda 's innovation about two months ago , one of the big advantages of this system is that mourners can continue to fulfill all traditional rites . "  It has such kind of quality , " he said . "  It allows us to perform all the rituals . " Mokshda , which began operations in 1992 , says it has installed 42 units across the country , mainly in urban areas , and plans to increase the number to 50 by next year . Yet , the group 's expansion has not been without issues : Garg says Mokshda is facing problems from the "  wood mafia " -- people illegally cutting down trees to sell for funeral pyres . "  They even go to the extent of threatening our people , " said Garg . "  If they  our people  go to install and promote these systems we get threatening calls : ` You do n't come in our city , do n't put up these systems or we will hunt you . ' " But despite the challenges , the group says it is optimistic about the future . It has convinced the government to come forward and provide funding and also engaged the corporate sector to help install its green cremation units under their corporate social responsibility plan . So far , Mokshda has surveyed over 2,000 cremation grounds across India and has conducted seminars and workshops , asking people for feedback so they can improve their system . "  We are now promoting it on a larger scale , " said Garg . "  It has the sentiments and the feelings of the people at heart , so we have taken their feedback , their views on how it has to be developed and how it can be promoted . "  While we are doing the rituals for the dead , we should take care that we 're not affecting the survival of future generations . "	In India , an estimated seven million Hindus die each year ; many are traditionally cremated NGO : Eight million tons of greehouse gasses emitted from Hindu funeral pyres a year One group has designed a cremation system that burns less wood Mokshda says its system reduces emissions by up to 60 %
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It was one of the greatest humanitarian acts in history . Pondering an imaginary Yiddish-speaking place produced "  The Yiddish Policemen 's Union , " says Michael Chabon . At the beginning of World War II , as the Nazis tightened their grip on Europe , the U.S. government allowed millions of Jews to resettle from their homes in Poland and Russia to southeastern Alaska , along the panhandle . Two million Jews had died at the hands of the Nazi scourge , but millions more were saved as the Federal District of Sitka , Alaska , became the new Jewish homeland -- all the more important when the fledgling State of Israel went down to defeat in 1948 . However , 60 years later , Sitka is about to be returned to local jurisdiction , and the island 's Jews -- including a noted detective , Meyer Landsman -- are wondering where to go next . The Jewish people , forever rootless , will have to wander some more . Landsman 's got other problems , too . He 's rootless himself , biding his time in a seedy hotel . There 's the body that turned up in a nearby room , a onetime chess prodigy who appears to have major connections with some big shots -- machers , in the local Yiddish lingo . There 's his ex-wife , now his boss -- at least until the department is disbanded -- and his partner , a half-Jewish , half-Tlingit named Berko who 's far more responsible than Landsman . And there are a host of old enemies with long memories , particularly when Landsman decides to root around the dead chess player 's case . Landsman 's world is fiction , of course , a product of Michael Chabon 's imagination . Chabon 's new book , "  The Yiddish Policeman 's Union "  HarperCollins  , combines Landsman 's hard-boiled detective 's terrain with the landscape of alternate history , one in which world events take a startling turn . The story is rooted in fact , the Pulitzer Prize-winning author Chabon  "  The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay "  observes . Chabon had written an article about the decline of Yiddish , and the reaction to the piece -- some of it very negative -- "  got me thinking about ... a possible , but nonexistent , imaginary Yiddish-speaking place in the modern world , " he says in an interview at CNN Center . In the article , he noted an actual plan by Franklin Roosevelt 's Interior secretary , Harold Ickes , to create a refuge for European Jews in Alaska , still 20 years from statehood . In reality , the plan was squelched thanks to the opposition of Alaska delegate Anthony Dimond , but in the "  Yiddish Policemen 's " world , Dimond is conveniently killed off and the plan goes forward . Chabon 's Federal District of Sitka is a land of tall apartment blocks and grimy streets , as if "  Hong Kong had moved to the other side of the Pacific Ocean , " he says . The novel is peppered with clever conceits . The book 's black hats , as in villains , are actual "  black hats , " a slang term for ultra-Orthodox Jews . The characters are fond of Filipino doughnuts , a twist on the Jewish taste for Chinese food . The place names of Russian Alaska are an apt companion to the Eastern European surnames of Chabon 's Jews , and then there are throwaway bits -- such as in the Sitka of 2001 , Orson Welles did release a version of "  Heart of Darkness . " Doing a genre novel -- or several at once , as "  The Yiddish Policeman 's Union " is part detective story , part alt-history , part modern Jewish folktale -- is n't considered the natural turf for a so-called literary writer like Chabon , but the author -- who has been vocal in support of genre fiction -- makes no apologies for the work . "  I only ever try to write in genres that I love ... I love hard-boiled detective novels , I love fantasy , I love science fiction , " he says . "  It feels like a natural impulse to want to integrate that passion that I have as a reader into my writing . I did n't see a good reason not to . ... And to say that there 's something inherently inferior about the mystery genre is just silly . " In writing "  The Yiddish Policeman 's Union , " Chabon says , the key was re-reading Raymond Chandler , creator of L.A. detective Philip Marlowe and a distinctive tough-guy style , as well as the Russian-Jewish short story writer Isaac Babel , "  whose use of simile and metaphor strangely echoed Chandler , " he says . Babel also had a "  clear-eyed view of violence . ... There 's a kinship there between Chandler and Babel , and that 's what helped me kind-of forge the voice for this novel , " Chabon says . But , he adds , "  the whole novel is itself a simile . It 's setting up a series of semblances and mirrorings of the world we live in , so it seemed almost necessary , not just from a stylistic point of view but from a thematic point of view . " Chabon 's layered themes include reason 's conflict with religious extremism , an idea that comes to the fore as the novel progresses . Holding a mirror to our world is a common theme of alternate histories , and Chabon says he is fond of the type in general . The noted comic-book fan -- he co-wrote "  Spider-Man 2 " -- cites two favorites : the "  what-if " scenarios often proposed in the Superman comics , and an issue of National Lampoon that celebrated John F. Kennedy 's fifth inaugural with the cover line , "  JFK 's First 6,000 Days . " "  I read and re-read that a dozen times , " he says . "  It had an undertone of poignance . ... It was like a perpetual November 21 , 1963 . America never went through any of the turbulence of the '60s . ... It was the opposite of most counterfactual fiction , which tends to present the catastrophic -- what if the bad things happened . ... This was presenting an ` if only , ' not a ` what if . ' " Which is not to say "  The Yiddish Policeman 's Union " is presenting a better -- or worse -- future . There is a darkness in the book , Chabon observes . But there 's also the idea that millions of people were saved from the death camps . "  I 'm certainly not presenting the world of this novel as ` it would have been better this way . ' It 's a dark world , and the Jews of Sitka are on the brink of the abyss , " he says . "  But there is a certain ` if only ' quality . " "  The Yiddish Policeman 's Union " has earned mostly admiring reviews . " ` The Yiddish Policemen 's Union ' builds upon the achievement of ` Kavalier & Clay , ' " wrote the notoriously hard-to-please Michiko Kakutani in The New York Times . Reaction from the public has been positive and even put him on The New York Times ' hardcover bestseller list , a rarified place for any author . "  I feel like the book has been embraced , " says Chabon . Perhaps the only people concerned about the book 's subject matter are some Jews , who have asked Chabon if the book is n't , well , "  too Jewish . " "  It reminds me of when my first novel , ` The Mysteries of Pittsburgh , ' came out ... and everybody in Pittsburgh said , ` Are you crazy ? Why would you set a novel in Pittsburgh ? Who 's going to want to read a novel about Pittsburgh ? ' " he laughs . "  The reason we read fiction is know what it would be like to really be someone else . ... That kind of transport across time and place is the magic of fiction . " E-mail to a friend	"  Yiddish Policemen 's Union " posits Alaskan Jewish homeland Author Michael Chabon won Pulitzer for earlier novel New book inspired by thoughts of Yiddish , love of genres
CNN  -- African warlord Joseph Kony and his struggling militia are poaching elephant ivory across central Africa to get funds for weapons , ammunition and food , a report says . Kony is wanted by the International Criminal Court for alleged war crimes . He is accused of recruiting underage boys as fighters and girls as sex slaves , and is the subject of a massive manhunt aided by U.S special forces . His militia , the Lord 's Resistance Army , has been butchering elephants for years , according to a report released Tuesday by various groups , including the Enough Project and the Satellite Sentinel Project . "  Greater investments are needed to combat the LRA across central Africa , " said co-author Kasper Agger , an Enough Project field researcher . "  Governments in Asia and elsewhere who fail to regulate the illegal ivory trade share responsibility for atrocities committed by the LRA and other armed groups engaged in poaching . " The report includes accounts by former captives , who say that the militia trades ivory with customers who land in the vast forest in helicopters . U.S. offers $ 5 million for information leading to Kony Africa 's elephants are facing higher risks as demand for ivory grows in Asia . Over the last decade , conservationists say poachers have reduced Africa 's forest elephant population by 62 % , threatening the magnificent mammals with eventual extinction . Unlike decades past when poachers across the continent ran down elephants using spears , attackers are now highly organized and armed with sophisticated weapons . In northern Cameroon , heavily armed poachers are known to swoop in on horseback in the vast forests . The vast Garamba National Park in the Democratic Republic of the Congo is one of the areas mostly targeted by the militia , the report said . Kony and his militia are wanted men . The United States is offering $ 5 million for information leading to the arrest , transfer or conviction of three top leaders of the Lord 's Resistance Army , including Kony . A small number of U.S. special forces are advising and assisting regional military efforts to hunt him down .	Report : The militia gets funds for weapons , ammunition and food Africa 's elephants face higher risks as demand for ivory grows in Asia Kony is wanted by the International Criminal Court for alleged war crimes
New York  CNN  -- A New York hardware clerk pleaded guilty Thursday to second degree murder and kidnapping in the second degree , after abducting , smothering and dismembering an 8-year-old Brooklyn boy in the Hasidic Jewish enclave of Borough Park . Judge Neil Firetog said Levi Aron accepted a plea deal and will spend 40 years to life behind bars for the two counts , after the official sentencing on August 29 , for the killing of Leiby Kletzky last summer . Aron 's attorney , Jennifer L. McCann , said she was "  glad we were able to come up with an amenable resolution that both sides agreed to . " "  I know this has been a very difficult case for all of Brooklyn , and I appreciate the patience , " she said . "  In these kinds of cases , people have rights . And we had to make sure to do our do diligence in resolving the case . " Police say Leiby 's dismembered body was found in Aron 's freezer and inside a suitcase in a nearby trash bin . New York City 's chief medical examiner said the Brooklyn boy died last summer after being drugged and then smothered . The autopsy results for Leiby listed a cocktail of four prescription and over-the-counter drugs in the boy 's system : cyclobenzaprine , a muscle relaxant ; quetiapine , an antipsychotic drug ; hydrocodone , a pain medication ; and acetaminophen , the drug found in Tylenol . Both Aron and Leiby were members of the borough 's close-knit Orthodox Jewish community , although police say it does n't appear that they knew each other . Kletzky 's family released a statement through New York Assemblyman Dov Hikind 's office , saying they have "  finally received some partial closure on one aspect of this nightmare . " "  There is no way one can comprehend or understand the pain of losing a child , " said Nachman and Esther Kletzky in the statement . "  Closure does not mean we do n't continue to feel the pain . A day does n't pass without our thinking of Leiby -- but today we close the door on this one aspect of our tragedy and seek to remember only the gifts that G-d has bestowed . " Child 's grisly murder shocks Jewish Brooklyn neighborhood	Levi Aron pleads guilty to second degree murder and kidnapping in the second degree His attorney declined to comment , and would also not confirm how her client will plead The city 's chief medical examiner said the boy died after being drugged and then smothered
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- The family of a teenager shot to death last month by a neighborhood watch volunteer -- a case that has sparked national debate and concerns about racial profiling -- will address a Sanford , Florida , city meeting on Monday , officials said . Trayvon Martin , 17 , was killed February 26 as he walked back to his father 's fiancee 's house in Sanford after a trip to a convenience store . Police say he was unarmed , carrying a bag of Skittles candy and an iced tea ; he was shot by George Zimmerman , who claims he was acting in self defense , according to authorities . The city of Sanford appealed Sunday for "  civility and calm " during the "  City Commission/Town Hall Meeting for Trayvon Martin . " Worshippers in cities nationwide wore hoodies to church services Sunday to honor Martin , who was wearing a hoodie when he was killed . Zimmerman has not been charged in the case . Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta and Middle Collegiate Church in New York were among the churches honoring the teen . "  All of us have a stake in this , not just black people , " said the Rev. Raphael G. Warnock , of Ebenezer , according to CNN affiliate WXIA . "  We are Americans , and we expect the system to work . " Warnock preached Sunday wearing in a maroon Morehouse College hoodie , the network reported . In Sanford , a "  prayer for peace " and a candlelight vigil will take place Sunday evening . Another candlelight vigil will take place at the Civil Rights Memorial in Montgomery , Alabama . "  The public has had enough of the police and prosecutors operating in secrecy when it comes to people of color , especially African-Americans , " said J. Willie David III , president of the Florida Civil Rights Association , the group planning the Sanford vigil . The case has sparked a national debate over the Florida law and concerns about racial profiling . Martin was black and Zimmerman is white Hispanic . The attorney for Martin 's family , meanwhile , said bringing a federal hate crime charge against Zimmerman will be "  a challenge , to put it lightly . " Family of Martin to pursue civil case Daryl Parks told board members of the National Association of Black Journalists  NABJ  on Saturday that prosecution on the state level stands a better chance . "  Most state laws tend to be better for the prosecution of state crimes . And that 's why we see the federal authorities expressing , although gently , in their statements that they can only do so much if there 's some type of race statements involved . The state officials do n't have that problem , " Parks said . "  I think the focus is not necessarily a federal arrest over a state arrest . We want an arrest , period . And I think that the state aspect of that is the one that 's most feasible , most attainable in this matter . " Parks said there is evidence that the Twin Lakes homeowners ' association told residents who saw suspicious activity to call Zimmerman if they could not contact the police , according to an NABJ statement . The Martin family plans to pursue a civil case against the homeowners ' association , Parks said . Demonstrations have taken place nationwide over Martin 's death . "  We as a nation have become much too violent , " the Rev. Jesse Jackson said Sunday . " ... If it 's black on white , it 's jail time . If it 's white on black , it 's revolt time . If it 's black on black , or white on white , or brown on brown , it 's Miller time . " In response to an Orlando Sentinel report that Zimmerman worked at the Maitland , Florida , office of Digital Risk , a spokeswoman for the the risk mitigation and surveillance company said Sunday she could not comment on Zimmerman 's current or future employment status , but "  we can confirm he is not at the building , nor has he been since the incident . " "  Our utmost concern is for the safety of our employees , specifically based on the potential turmoil that could arise from the recent announcement of a bounty for his capture , " spokeswoman Brandie Young said in a statement . Zimmerman 's attorney said Sunday that after reviewing Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , he believes it applies to the situation and that his client is innocent . Initially , lawyer Craig Sonner said last week the law was "  not really applicable to this case . The statute on ` stand your ground ' is primarily when you 're in your house . " "  This is self-defense , and that 's been around for forever -- that you have a right to defend yourself , " Sonner said earlier . "  So the next issue  that  is going to come up is , was he justified in using the amount of force he did ? " The 2005 law allows people to use deadly force anywhere they have a right to be if they have reasonable fear an assailant could seriously harm them or someone else . It also eliminated a long-standing "  duty to retreat " in the face of imminent harm , asserting that would-be crime victims have the right to "  stand their ground " and "  meet force with force " when attacked . Noting that 23 states have some version of the "  stand your ground " law on their books , Sen. Charles Schumer , D-N.Y. , called Sunday for the Justice Department to investigate "  whether these laws are creating more violence than they are preventing " and whether some deaths go unprosecuted "  because the laws place unintended additional burdens on local police and prosecutors that encourage dismissals of otherwise problematic cases . " "  These laws seem to be encouraging vigilantism by allowing individuals to use deadly force as a first resort , " Schumer wrote in a Sunday letter to Attorney General Eric Holder . The Sanford Police Department said officers were prohibited from arresting Zimmerman the night of the shooting because physical evidence and testimony supported his claim that he acted in self-defense in accordance with Florida law . The police department gave the explanation to City Manager Norton Bonaparte , who included it in a letter to the community about the case , posted on the city 's website . Zimmerman said he was driving in his gated community when he saw Martin walking and called 911 to report a suspicious person . Zimmerman told the dispatcher he was following the boy , but the dispatcher told him that was n't necessary . Moments later , several neighbors called 911 to report a commotion outside , and police arrived to find Martin dead of a gunshot wound . Sonner says his client was injured that night and went to the hospital with a broken nose and a serious cut on the back of his head . Sanford police said Zimmerman did not indicate a chase , telling them instead that "  he had lost sight of Trayvon and was returning to his truck to meet the police officer when he says he was attacked by Trayvon , " the police said in the letter posted by Bonaparte . Florida Gov. Rick Scott has formed a task force to review the law in the wake of the shooting . Scott told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that he met with Martin 's parents Thursday to "  let them know that I appointed a new state attorney and introduced them to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement agents that are working on the case . " "  Your heart goes out to them because ... no family ever imagines this could happen to their child , " the governor said . CNN 's Kim Segal , Greg Morrison , John Couwels and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Trayvon Martin 's family will address a city meeting on Monday Rev. Jesse Jackson : "  We as a nation have become much too violent " An attorney now says the volunteer is innocent under a "  stand your ground " law
CNN  -- Two months before dying , a Virginia woman confessed to killing two women nearly 42 years ago , authorities said Friday , telling police she shot the women because they had taunted her for being a lesbian . Constance Smootz Hevener , 19 , was shot to death at an ice cream shop where she worked in 1967 . Sharron Diane Crawford Smith , 60 , confessed in a November 28 interview to shooting the women at a Staunton ice cream store in 1967 , authorities said . "  I was just pushed so far , " Smith said , according to a transcript of a police interview . Smith was arrested and charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of Constance Smootz Hevener , 19 , and Hevener 's 20-year-old sister-in-law , Carolyn Hevener Perry , according to CNN affiliate WVIR . But health problems forced a postponement of a December court date , WVIR said , and Smith , who had heart and kidney problems , died January 19 . Authorities on Friday said they consider Smith the guilty party and are working toward closing the case . In a transcript of the police interview , Smith told police she and the women worked at High 's Ice Cream . The night of the shooting , she went to the store to tell the women she could not work the next day and took her .25 - caliber pistol with her . "  I was just going to tell them that I could n't work and one thing led to another . " She acknowledged that teasing "  about my lifestyle " had gone on for a while . Asked how the victims knew about it , she said , "  How do kids find out about anything ? I mean , it was really unusual back then . " She also said her stepfather had sexually abused her , but refused to elaborate on whether that played a role in the shootings or helped push her "  over the edge . " "  I do n't know . I 'm not trying to psychoanalyze it , " she said . In other interviews with police , Smith said that she got into a physical altercation with Hevener at the store , which was consistent with evidence at the crime scene , Commonwealth Attorney Raymond Robertson said . Bruises on Hevener 's body were inconsistent with injuries that would have resulted from a fall after being shot , he told reporters . "  She expressed shame in herself . I never saw any tears . She expressed her concern for the family members -LSB- of the victims -RSB- , as to bringing closure to this case , " police investigator Mike King said . Smith told police she acted alone , authorities said . But Staunton Police Chief Jim Williams said questions about the case remain . "  There will likely be questions surrounding this case we will never be able to answer , " he said . One of those questions was the whereabouts of the murder weapon , but a late development Friday may have solved that mystery . In the November interview , Smith told police she gave the weapon to a detective on the police force in 1967 , David Bocock , and that he buried it . "  He just said that it was sort of dangerous to have a gun , you could hurt somebody , " Smith said , according to the transcript . "  He said , ` I 'll fix it for you if you want . ' I figured it was the best thing to do . " It was unclear whether Bocock , who died in 2006 , knew of Smith 's involvement in the murders . The two knew each other , as Bocock taught Smith to shoot , but authorities said they were still investigating the relationship and whether Bocock was trying to cover for Smith . Later Friday , the Staunton News-Leader newspaper reported its circulation manager had turned over to police a .25 - caliber automatic handgun . Kathy Myers told the newspaper that Bocock gave the gun to her now-deceased husband , a former Staunton police officer , in 1981 , telling him , "  Do n't let anybody know I gave this to you . " Myers said she forgot she had the gun until she saw the police news conference Friday , and turned it over to authorities . Myers told the News-Leader that King said the gun matches the description Smith gave police .	Woman said she shot co-workers who taunted her for being a lesbian , police say "  I was just pushed so far , " Sharron Diane Crawford Smith , 60 , told police Smith was charged with first-murder before she died January 19 Constance Smootz Hevener and Carolyn Hevener Perry were shot in ice cream shop
CNN  -- Congress ' inaction to extend unemployment benefits to millions of struggling Americans is not only irresponsible policy , it is morally wrong . The economy is getting better for some , but the tragic effects of reckless public policy and deregulation spurred by the disproportionate political influence of big money still linger for far too many ordinary Americans . Congress , the elected representatives of the people , must find its moral compass , push through this unending nightmare of political gridlock and do right by the people . Contrary to the silly and obsessive partisan gamesmanship that currently paralyzes our politics , much more is at stake than the next election or some empty ideological argument . On the line are the lives of decent hardworking Americans , trying to cross over into the dignity of work but still caught in the barbwire of a historic global recession . Opinion : For women , equal pay and economic justice are civil rights issues Some argue that unemployment benefits are a disincentive to people finding employment . But the sheer number of our unemployed neighbors and family members speaks volumes about the fallibility of such a claim . According to The Washington Post , the long-term unemployment rate has not been as high as it is now since World War II . A jaw-dropping 4 million Americans have been out of work for 27 weeks or longer . The problems we face are systemic and structural , and the vast majority of the unemployed are crippled not by a lack of interest or drive , but of opportunity and access . That 's why long-term solutions for economic growth are needed . But in the meantime , we will actually do further damage to a struggling economy if our elected officials shape public policy by the very same stereotypes and faulty assumptions that keep some unemployed in the first place . For a major reason that the unemployed can not find work is because they are unemployed . The data show that they face bias and discrimination . If anyone has the ability to provide some relief from this vicious cycle , it is Congress , and its members should feel obligated to do so . Moreover , those of us who are faith leaders , particularly we pastors in the African-American churches , should speak up too . Because black unemployment is twice that of whites and has been for as long as the Bureau of Labor Statistics has been keeping track by race , we have an obligation to honor our historic reason for being -- defending those on the margins of the margins . Lessons with MLK : Eight students recall a special class As we celebrate the life of the most famous black pastor , Martin Luther King Jr. , we should remember that the black church mission connects faith with justice and personal salvation with social transformation , and addresses personal piety and public policy for the well-being of the whole person and the whole community . It fights for the weak and sees the Gospel as "  good news to the poor . " More than 50 years after Dr. King and others marched on Washington for jobs and freedom , African-Americans remain disproportionately unemployed and impoverished . The unemployment rate for African-Americans was at 12.5 % when the Bureau of Labor Statistics released the most recent numbers last month . Yet the fact is the black unemployment rate will undoubtedly increase if extended unemployment insurance is cut off now , adding to the devastating impact that rampant unemployment has already had on the black community for decades . And given our nation 's shifting demographics , that 's bad for everybody . The greatest MLK speeches you never heard Playing politics with the very unemployment insurance afforded to American workers who are now unemployed is both immoral and economically destructive . That 's why now , more than ever , we need to hear the voices of people of faith and people of good will raising the moral and practical questions about who we are to one another . And the black church -- that American church built by those who worked without wages or benefits , born fighting for freedom and thus the source of America 's greatest freedom fighter -- ought to lead the way . If we really want to honor Dr. King and protect the American promise , we must demand that Congress do the right thing for American workers and the right thing for the American economy . Do not shrink a struggling economy , putting us all at risk . Rather , extend the safety net of unemployment insurance to those who can not help but stimulate the economy by spending it immediately on the basics of food , gas and medicine , even as we debate the best prescription for long term economic health . It 's just the right thing to do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Raphael G. Warnock .	The Rev. Raphael Warnock says restoring unemployment aid is the right thing to do He calls on Congress to find its moral compass Warnock wants black churches to reclaim their mission of engaging in social justice issues
Morganton , North Carolina  CNN  -- Sheriff 's deputies , police and firefighters began draining a pond Wednesday night as they resumed their search for the body of a missing 10-year-old North Carolina girl . The pond is next to a site investigators combed overnight in hopes of finding Zahra Clare Baker , whose disappearance is now being investigated as a homicide . The girl 's stepmother , Elisa Baker , has been jailed on a charge of obstruction of justice after police said she admitted to writing a ransom note found at the family 's Hickory , North Carolina , home . The search ran until 1 a.m. Tuesday , and between 15 and 25 investigators were working past nightfall Wednesday in cool , damp weather to drain the neighboring pond . The site under scrutiny Tuesday night is more than 20 miles north of Hickory . Zahra 's father , Adam Baker , frequently worked there hauling loads of wood and brush to be fed into a wood chipper and turned into mulch , witnesses said . Baker was on the scene during the Tuesday night search aimed at finding the girl 's body , Burke County Sheriff John T. McDevitt said Tuesday night . "  He seems concerned , " McDevitt said . "  But I do n't know how sincere his concern is . " Zahra reportedly suffered from bone cancer and used a prosthetic leg and hearing aids . The hearing aids have been found , but not the prosthesis , Hickory Police Chief Adkins said . The case is an emotional one for investigators and a high priority , Catawba County District Attorney Jay Gaither Jr. , told reporters after Elisa Baker 's initial court appearance Wednesday morning . "  The facts are disturbing as we know them at this point , " he said , adding , "  We want the best , but we fear the worst . " Flanked by two attorneys , Elisa Baker wore a bright pink jumpsuit and was handcuffed and chained at her wrist and ankles at her court appearance . She was informed of the felony charge against her , which carries a penalty of more than two years in prison upon conviction . Asked if she understood , she affirmed that she did in a low voice . The bond on the obstruction of justice charge is $ 40,000 , in addition to the bond of more than $ 30,000 she faces on charges unrelated to Zahra 's disappearance . Her next scheduled court date is November 3 . Her attorney , Scott Reilly , said he would be filing a motion to get the bond reduced , calling it "  excessive . " The maximum bond for such a charge is usually $ 10,000 , he said . Reilly said his client is scared , emotional , upset and worried about her family . Asked what she has said about Zahra , he said he was not at liberty to discuss the girl . Though Zahra was reported missing Saturday afternoon . Her father and stepmother reported she was last seen sleeping in her bed about 2:30 a.m. Saturday . But Hickory Police Chief Tom Adkins said Tuesday authorities have been unable to find anyone outside Zahra 's immediate family who has reported seeing her in the past month , and investigators are not sure how long she has actually been missing . A search warrant application filed in the case said it began with a call about a burning mulch pile at the family 's home about 5:30 a.m. Saturday . Firefighters found a Chevrolet Tahoe with its passenger door open and a power company envelope with handwriting on it on the front windshield , the search warrant said . Firefighters notified police , who approached the SUV and smelled gasoline coming from inside . The note written on the envelope was addressed to a "  Mr. Coffey , " identified in the search warrant as Adam Baker 's boss , Mark David Coffey . "  Mr. Coffey , you like being in control now who is in control , " the note said , according to the search warrant . "  We have your daughter and your pot smoking red head son is next unless you do what is asked 1,000,000 unmarked will be in touch soon . " In the bottom right , the note said , "  no cops , " according to the warrant . Coffey and his only daughter were at the residence at the time of the fire , the warrant said . CNN affiliate News 14 Carolina reported Coffey owns the home . Adam Baker called police about 2 p.m. , saying someone had poured gas in his car and left a note saying they had his boss ' daughter , according to the search warrant . Baker told police he believed the person who left the note had kidnapped Zahra . The Bakers consented to a search of their home , the warrant said . A cadaver dog indicated the possible presence of human remains in or on the Chevrolet Tahoe as well as a burgundy Toyota Camry on the property , it said . Authorities were testing swabs taken from the Tahoe to determine if blood was also present , according to the warrant . Brittany Bentley , who is married to Elisa Baker 's nephew , told HLN that the girl "  was n't in very good living conditions , not at all for a 10-year-old . " "  I remember Elisa coming out of the bedroom one day , saying her hands hurt from spanking Zahra so much , " she said . "  I know she spanked way too hard , what I consider beating . " She said the girl was locked in her room and "  I know about letting her out five minutes , just to eat and that was it . " North Carolina social services officials declined to comment on the case . Elisa Baker 's sister , Carrie Fairchild , said she and other relatives were estranged from her sister after a falling-out with their father over money the Bakers owed him . She also told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " that her sister frequently made up stories that she was suffering from a variety of illnesses . "  She always had 10 to 20 illnesses that she said were wrong with her , " Fairchild said . "  You could n't believe anything she ever said . " HLN 's Natisha Lance and CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigators draining pond next to Tuesday search site District attorney : "  We want the best but we fear the worst " Bond is $ 40,000 for stepmom on obstruction charge ; attorney calls it excessive Zahra Clare Baker 's disappearance is now a homicide probe , police say
Washington  CNN  -- The FAA said Friday it is heightening scrutiny of American Airlines after the carrier had three landings go wrong in December . "  In situations where there may be several incidents involving a single carrier over a short period of time , FAA inspectors increase their oversight , which we 're doing now , " FAA spokesman Lynn Lunsford said . The review was prompted by the botched landings of three planes between December 13 and December 24 . In the December 13 incident , an MD-80 landing at Charlotte Douglas International Airport in North Carolina touched down and went off the left side of the runway . While trying to get back onto the runway , the plane 's right wingtip touched the ground . On December 22 , a Boeing 737 overran a runway amid heavy rain at Norman Manley International Airport in Kingston , Jamaica , injuring 91 passengers . And on December 24 , an MD-80 en route from Chicago , Illinois , struck a wingtip landing in Austin , Texas . Billy Sanez , a spokesman for American , told CNN Friday that the airline is cooperating with the investigation , which he said was routine in landing incidents . Lunsford said the review will help determine whether the botched landings "  might be indicative of a larger issue . " If so , he said "  the FAA communicates its findings to the air carrier and assists in the development of the appropriate corrective action . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	FAA says it is scrutinizing American Airlines after three faulty landings in December FAA investigating because incidents over a short period of time , says FAA spokesman American Airlines says FAA investigation routine in landing incidents
CNN  -- Actor Larry Hagman , who created one of television 's iconic villains with the treacherous J.R. Ewing of "  Dallas , " died Friday , according to a family statement . He was 81 . Hagman died at a Dallas hospital of complications from cancer , said the statement posted on Hagman 's official web site early Saturday . "  Larry was back in his beloved Dallas , re-enacting the iconic role he loved most , " it said . "  Larry 's family and close friends had joined him in Dallas for the Thanksgiving holiday . When he passed , he was surrounded by loved ones . It was a peaceful passing , just as he had wished for . The family requests privacy at this time . " Hagman shot to television superstardom in 1978 with the role of J.R. Ewing , the scheming Texas oil tycoon , in the prime-time soap opera "  Dallas . " He was the villain viewers loved to hate . Co-stars , fellow actors grieve over loss of Larry Hagman In 1980 , the show became a mega-hit with the "  Who Shot J.R. ? " plot line that left Americans guessing who pulled the trigger . The answer came on November 21 , 1980 , in an episode dubbed "  Who Done It ? . " More than 350 million viewers tuned in around the world to find out Kristen Shepherd , the sister of J.R. 's wife , shot him . It remains one of the most watched television episodes in history . Ewing survived that shooting , and Hagman and the rest of the cast thrived for 14 seasons total before bowing out in 1991 . He reprised the role for TNT 's reboot of the series "  Dallas " in June 2012 . Hagman filmed appearances for the show 's second season , which is set to air in January .  Like CNN , TNT is a division of Time Warner and Turner Broadcasting . It was a role in which he clearly reveled , even developing a trademark laugh for the character . At one point , Hagman made up fake $ 100 bills emblazoned with his face and the words "  In Hagman We Trust " to hand out to fans . In one of his final interviews on CNN , Hagman appeared alongside original "  Dallas " cast members Linda Gray  Sue Ellen  and Patrick Duffy  Bobby  on "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " During the interview , Morgan described the character of J.R. Ewing as "  the dark dealer of evil scheming . " "  Moi ? " Hagman said , breaking into a wide smile . In a statement released Friday by Gray 's publicist to KNBC-TV in Los Angeles , the actress described Hagman as "  my best friend for more than 35 years . " "  He was the pied piper of life and brought joy to everyone he knew . He was creative , generous , funny , loving and talented and I will miss him enormously . He was an original and lived life to the full and the world was a brighter place because of him , " the statement said . Hagman told Morgan when he was first approached about doing the "  Dallas " remake , the first question he asked was : "  Are my friends going to be on the show ? " "  I would n't be doing it without them , " he said . Word of Hagman 's passing spread quickly late Friday and early Saturday , with celebrities and fans mourning his death . Actor William Shatner took to Twitter : "  My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of Larry Hagman . My best , Bill . " "  He was a wonderful human being and an extremely gifted actor . We will be forever thankful that a whole new generation of people got to know and appreciate Larry through his performance as J.R. Ewing , " TNT said in a statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with his family at this very difficult time . " Hagman was born in Fort Worth , Texas , on the cusp of the Great Depression to actress Mary Martin and Ben Hagman , a lawyer . He spent a year at Bard College in New York and then embarked on a life in theater in Dallas and New York , according to his official website . He appeared onstage with his mother in "  South Pacific " in England and even produced and directed several shows while in the U.S. Air Force . After getting married and leaving the service , Hagman returned to the United States and starred in a number of Broadway plays . His family then headed to Hollywood , where Hagman earned roles in such television shows as "  The Edge of Night " and "  The Defenders . " Where 's the cast of the original ` Dallas ' now ? Hagman 's breakthrough role came in 1965 , when he played astronaut Maj. Tony Nelson , or "  Master , " as he was known to the scantily clad , 2,000-year-old genie played by Barbara Eden in the hit comedy , "  I Dream of Jeannie . " "  I can still remember , that first day on Zuma Beach with him , in the frigid cold . From that day for five more years , Larry was the center of so many fun , wild , shocking and , in retrospect , memorable moments that will remain in my heart forever , " Eden said in a Facebook post on Friday , shortly after hearing of Hagman 's death . " ... I , like many others , believed he had beat cancer and yet we are reminded that life is never guaranteed . " Eden signed off , simply : "  Goodbye Larry . There was no one like you before and there will never be anyone like you again . " Hagman kept busy after the show went off the air in 1970 , appearing in guest roles in "  The Streets of San Francisco , " "  The Rockford Files " and "  Barnaby Jones . " In the 1990s , he starred in the television show "  Orleans . " Off screen , his drinking earned him unwanted attention from the tabloids , which chronicled his battle with alcoholism . In recent years , he went public with his wife 's battle with Alzheimer 's . Hagman ` one of my favorite people ' He also suffered several health scares , including a bout with cirrhosis and a 16-hour liver transplant in 1995 that helped save his life . Last year , he revealed that he had been diagnosed with cancer , but at the time , Hagman called it "  a very common and treatable form . " He is survived by his wife , a son , a daughter and five grandchildren . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Larry Hagman reveled in the role of J.R. Ewing , his co-stars say NEW : Hagman died of complications from cancer , his family said The statement was posted on Hagman 's official web site Hagman was best known as iconic villain J.R. Ewing of "  Dallas "
An attorney who says he is representing more than a dozen celebrities whose iCloud accounts were hacked and nude photos stolen fired off a strongly worded letter on Wednesday to Google : Immediately remove all the images from your platforms or face a $ 100 million lawsuit . Marty Singer -- whose past client roster includes Britney Spears , Kim Kardashian , Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt -- sent a letter to Google on behalf of several female "  actresses , models , and athletes whose confidential , personal , private photos and videos " were stolen in late August . Stars including Jennifer Lawrence , Kate Upton and Rihanna have reportedly been part of a group of more than 100 who had their accounts hacked and images stolen . Attorney Singer criticized Google for its "  despicable , reprehensible conduct in not only failing to act expeditiously and responsibly to remove the Images , but in knowingly accommodating , facilitating and perpetuating the unlawful conduct . " 5 Things to know about the celebrity nude photo hacking scandal According to Singer , Google was notified that the images were stolen on more than a dozen occasions . He accuses the company of refusing to act to remove all of the images from its platforms pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act . T The letter notes other website operators and host providers -- including Twitter -- have accommodated take-down demands , but claims Google "  has recklessly allowed these blatant violations to continue in conscious disregard of our clients ' rights . " The letter specifically references images that are still available on Google sites including BlogSpot and YouTube . Singer 's letter says : "  Because the victims are celebrities with valuable publicity rights , you do nothing -- nothing but collect millions of dollars in advertising revenue from your co-conspirator advertising partners as you seek to capitalize on this scandal rather than quash it . Like the NFL , which turned a blind eye while its players assaulted and victimized women and children , Google has turned a blind eye while its sites repeatedly exploit and victimize these women . " Google for its part is disputing the accusations . A spokesperson for the search engine giant told CNN , "  We 've removed tens of thousands of pictures -- within hours of the requests being made -- and we have closed hundreds of accounts . The Internet is used for many good things . Stealing people 's private photos is not one of them . " Singer has not disclosed who he is specifically representing in this case . The FBI investigation into the incidents is ongoing .	Marty Singer is accusing Google of acting "  like the NFL " He is demanding that the images be removed Google is disputing the accusations
CNN  -- Egypt 's Tahrir Square was supposed to be a scene of celebration on Sunday , as Cairo marked the election of a new president . But it was n't a joyous night for everyone : At least five women were sexually assaulted by mobs in the square , according to Egypt 's campaign group I Saw Harassment . In India , meanwhile , politicians have downplayed rape , with one recently saying : "  Boys will be boys . " And of course , war has long been connected with the rape of women , men , boys and girls . Actress and activist Angelina Jolie is lending star power to the "  End Sexual Violence in Conflict " conference organized by Britain 's Foreign Office in London this week , highlighting a global problem . Worldwide : One in three women worldwide has experienced sexual abuse or violence ; 150 million girls under the age of 18 have been sexually assaulted . Half were under 16 at the time . Democratic Republic of Congo : Nearly two out of three women  64 %  say their first sexual experience was assault . Kenya : It 's estimated that one in three women suffered sexual violence in childhood .  One-fifth of men are estimated to have been victims of sexual violence as children . Bosnia-Herzegovina : Between 20,000 and 50,000 women were raped during the war of 1992-1995 . Burundi : Three out of four men  77 %  say some women "  ask to be raped " by the way they dress and behave -- and 95 % of women agree . Rwanda : An estimated 250,000 to 500,000 women survived rape during the 1994 genocide . Central African Republic : Just under 10 % of women and girls report having been raped . United States : An estimated 340,000 women are raped or sexually assaulted every year . Eighty-three percent of girls aged 12 to 16 in state-run schools have experienced sexual harassment at school . Sources : United Nations , Government of Kenya , Tearfund , Association of Widows of Genocide  Rwanda  , War Child , U.S. Justice Department ,	NEW : An estimated 340,000 U.S. women are raped or sexually assaulted every year One in three women worldwide has experienced sexual abuse or violence Nearly two out of three women in Congo say their first sexual experience was assault Between 20,000 and 50,000 women were raped in Bosnia in the 1990s war
CNN  -- Police met a wayward jet that overshot the runway by 150 miles -- while not responding to control tower communications -- and said the pilots were "  cooperative , apologetic and appreciative . " Authorities are reviewing the plane 's cockpit voice recorder as well as its flight data recorder . The Minneapolis-St . Paul -LSB- Minnesota -RSB- Airport Police report on the incident , released Friday , said officers asked flight attendants to keep passengers in their seats while they checked out the cockpit , where , they said , "  the door was standing open . " The police report identified the pilot as Timothy B. Cheney and the first officer as Richard I. Cole . "  The pilot ... indicated they had become involved in conversation and had not heard radio communications , " the report said . "  They indicated there had been no involvement from anyone in the cabin . " "  Both volunteered to a preliminary breath test with the result being .000 for both parties , " the report said . The lead flight attendant , the report said , told officers that she was unaware there had been an incident aboard . Northwest Flight 188 -- carrying 144 people and five crew members -- flew past the Minneapolis airport during a mysterious 78 minutes of radio silence beginning about 7:56 p.m. ET Wednesday night . The Airbus A320 was carrying 147 passengers and an unknown number of crew members , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . Air traffic controllers re-established radio contact after the plane had flown about 150 miles past its destination . Watch how Flight 188 drama unfolded " The National Transportation Safety Board , which is investigating the incident , is hoping the plane 's cockpit voice recorder will either confirm the pilot 's account or provide evidence of another possible explanation , including whether the captain and first officer had fallen asleep . However , approached outside his home Friday , the first officer told CNN affiliate KGW that "  nobody was asleep in the cockpit and no arguments took place . " Cole was referring to NTSB 's earlier statement that said , "  The crew stated they were in a heated discussion over airline policy and they lost situational awareness . " "  There 's a lot of misinterpretation going on , " Cole said , though he refused to comment further . The voice recorder is capable of recording only 30 minutes of audio , federal accident investigators said Friday . The plane was in the air for another 45 minutes after radio contact was restored , meaning that if the recorder was working properly , anything the pilots would have said during the time they were not answering radio calls would have been recorded over . But a former accident investigator told CNN the voice recorder may still provide valuable information , because the pilots could have discussed the earlier events on the way back to Minneapolis . The separate flight data recorder also could prove valuable because it would have recorded actions taken by the pilots during the 78 minutes they did not respond to repeated calls from air traffic controllers , the former accident investigator said . The safety board said Friday afternoon that experts were reviewing the solid-state voice recorder . It said only that the recorder "  captured a portion of the flight that is being analyzed , " and added there would be no further comment . Watch as former NTSB official calls long silence "  unacceptable " " Meanwhile , the North American Aerospace Defense Command , which scrambled fighter jets for the wayward plane did not launch them , said it was reviewing procedures for launching the fighters to track potentially hijacked or suspicious aircraft . At issue , according to a senior U.S. official directly familiar with the timeline of the incident , is the FAA 's apparent delay in notifying NORAD that the Northwest jet was not in contact with controllers . The official , who declined to be identified because both the military and the FAA are reviewing the entire incident , said that the FAA 's request for military involvement came after the plane passed the Minneapolis airport . NORAD scrambled fighter jets at two locations . But as they approached the runway for takeoff , the FAA reported being back in contact with the Northwest flight , and the fighters stayed on the ground . "  My real question is why we did not know of the ` radio out ' situation from the FAA sooner , " the officials said . "  The FAA is also looking into that , " the official told CNN . Since the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , NORAD has regularly launched fighter jets to track aircraft in unusual situations such as when they deviate from flight plans , lose radio contact or enter restricted airspace . According to a second U.S. official , NORAD is in constant contact with the FAA so it can respond when situations arise . Reported instances of two pilots falling asleep are rare . In August , the safety board concluded its investigation into a February 13 , 2008 , incident in which two pilots aboard a Go airlines flight fell asleep and traveled 26 miles beyond the destination of Hilo , Hawaii , before waking and contacting air traffic controllers . Northwest Airlines is part of Delta Air Lines , which issued a statement Thursday , saying it is "  cooperating with the FAA and NTSB in their investigation , as well as conducting our own internal investigation . The pilots have been relieved from active flying pending the completion of these investigations . " It said Flight 188 landed safely in Minneapolis just after 9 p.m. Delta suffered another major embarrassment this week when a Delta pilot landed a passenger jet on a taxiway at Atlanta-Hartsfield International Airport instead of the runway . The NTSB is investigating that case as well . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Airport police report identifies pilot and first officer NEW : NORAD reviewing procedures after delay in learning of wayward airliner Northwest Airlines flight overshot Minneapolis airport by about 150 miles NTSB : Crew said they were in "  heated discussion " and "  lost situational awareness "
EW.com  -- The first season of NBC 's "  Smash " was full of much-discussed moments , including a truly loony Bollywood fantasy dance number and a musical number set in a bowling alley . Well , "  Smash fans " , do n't expect these flourishes when season two of the Broadway drama premieres on February 5 at 9 p.m. "  There 's no bowling alley sing-alongs , " executive producer Joshua Safran tells EW in his first interview since replacing creator Theresa Rebeck as showrunner of the series last spring . "  There are fantasy sequences , but so far not on the level of the Bollywood cover . " Also gone this year are Debra Messing 's fortune-teller wardrobe of chunky scarves and sweater coats , the target of much online chatter . "  Coming into a show second season where there was so much discussion about positives and negatives about the first season gives you that rare chance to step back and go , ` What can I change ? ' So we were able to -LSB- revisit -RSB- things like the scarves . We address it head on . " But Safran wants fans to know that the changes he 's making are not that severe and this will feel like the same show . Says the producer , "  As a viewer , I really loved the show . It 's literally just reaching in and moving the tiny pieces that were n't connecting , the gears that were n't fully aligned . But it 's small shifts . If you loved Smash last year , you are not seeing a radically different show . And that was important to me because I loved Smash last year . " For more of EW 's exclusive interview with Safran on season two of Smash , including Jennifer Hudson 's role and the series ' new musicals , pick up the latest issue of Entertainment Weekly on stands now . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Last season of "  Smash " had a lot of interesting moments Creator Theresa Rebeck was replaced as showrunner of the series last spring New showrunner says he 's not making severe changes
Inside Syria  CNN  -- Sa'er is a self-described assassin for the Syrian government . He says he has fired on unarmed protesters , killed as many as 70 people and once slit a man 's throat . It was kill or be killed , he says ; Sa'er says he was simply carrying out orders . He says he worked at an Interior Ministry prison , and "  we would go out with the officers from the prisons . ... They gave us guns with scopes and you see the body as if you 're looking at yourself in the mirror . " Sa'er agreed to be filmed by CNN as his wounds were treated by opposition activists . He said he was on a bus that was ambushed by unknown assailants . He asked that his identify be obscured enough so that the government ca n't recognize him but said he wanted his friends to know that he is alive -- and a changed man . Out of fear , his captors keep Sa'er blindfolded . Members of the opposition intend to trade him for other men in custody , and they do n't want him to be able to identify them down the road . He is a bargaining chip . CNN could not independently confirm the man 's story , nor was it possible to know whether he had been coerced into telling it . "  I ca n't untie your eyes because I am afraid of you , " Mounir , a member of the opposition , tells Sa'er . "  Why are you doing this ? Why are you killing us ? " Mounir demands , his gun nearby . Sa'er tells Mounir about a time two police officers captured a man . A major put a gun to Sa'er 's head and ordered him to kill the prisoner , he says . "  He said , ' I am going to count to 10 . ' He cocked the gun , fired into the air and put it to my head again . I slaughtered him , " Sa'er says . The government turned him and others like him into monsters who would have killed their own fathers , he claims . They were promised wealth and told they were helping to fight terrorists , he says . For close to a year , the Syrian government has sustained a brutal crackdown on protesters seeking to oust President Bashar al-Assad . The government claims its security forces are battling terrorists . The United Nations estimates that at least 5,400 people have been killed , while an opposition group says more than 7,000 people have died . Each side is fighting for the future of Syria , and with each death , is growing more and more entrenched . Still , perhaps , there is a space for change -- or maybe , just an apparent change of heart for a man being held against his will . "  These guys I am with , I used to see them in a different light , " Sa'er says about his captors . "  Since I have been with them , I have seen only good . "	Sa'er is a self-described assassin for the government He agreed to be filmed as he underwent medical treatment He says he fired on unarmed protesters and killed as many as 70 people It was kill or be killed for not carrying out orders , he tells CNN
CNN  -- As the world watched and waited for little Prince George to make his royal way into the world in London , Queen Elizabeth II was among those wishing the baby would hurry up . The reason ? "  I 'm going on holiday , " the queen said days before the Duchess of Cambridge gave birth to the future king on July 22 . Thankfully , Prince George was born just in time for the queen to begin her official holiday last week at the royal family 's Scottish retreat , Balmoral Castle . The queen and members of the royal family will spend the next two months at her 50,000-acre estate in the Scottish highlands . The castle was originally built by Queen Victoria and by all accounts of both historians and those who work on the estate , it holds a very special place in the queen 's heart . That 's likely because it offers her a level of privacy that she can not find anywhere else . Every year at this time she travels to the heart of the Cairngorms National Park in Royal Deeside , just outside the small town of Ballater . Here , behind large metal gates that keep the public outside for most of the royal family 's visit , she has the privacy to stroll with her corgis around the gardens , catch up on correspondence at her Honka Hut  a pine summer cottage that was a gift from the Finnish government and is one of the queen 's favorite spots on the estate  , go fly fishing on the river Dee , or take in a round of golf on her private course . But here 's a secret that few people seem to know : You can have the same vacation . I 'm not talking about visiting the estate for the day , as many people do when it 's open to the public . Nope , you can move in . Settle down in one of five cottages on the estate , and you 'll have access to everything that makes Balmoral so special . I speak from experience , having just returned from two weeks in one of the Colt Cottages . It was n't my first visit to the castle ; I 've visited every year since I first learned about the holiday cottages four years ago . While the Colt Cottages are the smallest cottages available to rent , they are my favorite because of their close proximity to the castle -- just a couple hundred yards away . If you are looking for more room , there are larger cottages to choose from , all rented on a weekly basis . The largest cottage is Alltnaguibhsaich Lodge , which sleeps up to 13 people and sits farther away from the castle on the shores of Loch Muick . Rent for the cottages start around $ 750 a week  480 pounds  , and vary depending on which cottage you choose and the time of the year . And you do n't have to leave your dogs at home , they are welcome during your stay . The cottages are closed for most of August , September and early October for the royal family 's official visit . The cottages are charming , comfortable and fully equipped , but do n't expect crystal chandeliers and marble bathrooms . Although you 're at Balmoral , it 's more rustic than the Ritz . People often ask me what I do for two weeks in the highlands . Like the royal family , my vacation at the castle is spent outside , enjoying the natural beauty of the region . Practice your fly fishing on the River Dee by hiring the queen 's ghillie as your guide for the day . Bring your clubs and play a round of the estate 's private golf course . Or just wander around the estate , past waterfalls and through the ancient Caledonian forests . Thanks to the fact that this area is so far north  same latitude as southern Alaska  it stays light until around 10 p.m. during the summer . So grab a book and a picnic basket to enjoy dinner on the castle lawn . Grill some fresh fish and have a barbeque on the banks of the river . These excursions are only available to you , as a guest on the estate . After a couple of days it 's hard not to feel like royalty . When you are finally ready to leave the estate , you can mingle with the locals at any of the cafes and pubs in the nearby villages of Ballater and Braemar . In addition to offering fresh , locally sourced food , both offer remarkably good shopping . There are several art galleries showcasing local artists , bookshops stocked with everything you 'd want to read about the region and country shops where you 'll be able to stock up on Harris Tweeds , Hunter boots and Barbour coats . If you want a real taste of Highland whiskey , there are tours and tastings at the Royal Lochnagar distillery , less than a mile from the estate , which has been producing whiskey since the mid 19th century . It 's when the castle closes to the public at five o'clock that you really appreciate the uniqueness of staying at Balmoral . Without "  tourists " around , the castle grounds are all yours to explore . The only thing you might worry about is running into your landlord . That 's exactly what happened to me this summer while taking an evening walk around the castle . Several loud barking corgis ran up to say hello . It took a minute to realize that the elderly woman walking the dogs was Queen Elizabeth II . But this was n't a typical celebrity sighting . I did n't take out my camera for a picture or ask for an autograph . We just waved , she called the dogs back , and both of us went back to enjoying our vacation at Balmoral Castle .	Cottages on the grounds of Balmoral Castle are available to the public for rent The royal estate in the Scottish highlands is a favorite retreat of Queen Elizabeth II Sightings of the royal family are possible for visitors to the estate The cozy cottages are more rustic than the royal digs
Gioia Del Colle , Italy  CNN  -- Even as British RAF Typhoons took to the skies from this southern Italian air base , there was mounting tension between allies about who should command the mission to protect civilians and enforce a no-fly zone in Libya . After heated exchanges between NATO ambassadors in Brussels , the alliance announced Tuesday an operation to enforce the arms embargo against Libya . But it went no further on deciding if or when NATO would take command of the mission already under way , in which several allies are participating . In a statement , NATO only said that it had plans on the table to enforce the no-fly zone "  if needed . " The backdrop was a simmering feud between France and Italy that turned more cynical by the hour . Italy is demanding that NATO take a lead role in the military and political decision-making during the remainder of the Libyan mission . But resistance within the alliance mounted even as the United States expressed its desire to take a back seat in the operation and hand over any command role to European allies . France seemed most reluctant to submit to NATO command , but Germany and Turkey also voiced objections . These countries also argue that Arab League nations would be shut out of any decision-making if NATO took control . German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said he continues to believe it was right not to participate in the United Nations-sanctioned mission . He noted that Germany is not alone in its skeptical view of military action , pointing to the fact that other European nations are not taking part either . Westerwelle also refused to comment on whether NATO should take a leading role in enforcing U.N. resolution 1973 . "  That is for the coalition of the willing to debate , " Westerwelle said . French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe told French media that NATO would play a role in the mission in coming days but that France , Britain and a council of other coalition partners would make political decisions . One NATO official described this to CNN as putting the alliance 's assets at the disposal of the coalition , but NATO would have no formal political role . The squabbling continued as Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini again threatened to take back complete control of Italian airbases if NATO did not take the reins of the mission . "  Who , if not NATO , can take on this task ? " said Frattini in comments to Italian media . Some Italian politicians sought to settle old colonial scores by cynically noting that if France was allowed to lead this mission , it would get all the Libyan oil contracts and Italy would get all the Libyan refugees . On a busy day at the Gioia Del Colle Air Base in southern Italy , RAF Typhoons executed a number of sorties to enforce the no-fly zone in Libya . "  The Italian support is crucial , " said Royal Air Force Commander , Group Captain Sammy Sampson , but added that his fighters could operate from other locations . "  It 's a decision for our headquarters and our political masters . " Discussions between NATO allies will continue this week as the alliance continues to disagree over the parameters and scope of the U.N. resolution that authorized all means necessary to protect civilians in Libya , as well as imposing a no-fly zone over the country . As well as disagreeing over whether Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi is a legitimate target , there is the question of whether Libya will split along tribal lines or whether a united Libya is even a possibility . There is no appetite among coalition allies to get involved in a tribal grudge match or civil war . Turkey , also a NATO member , also voiced its opposition to a political role for the alliance and has forcefully suggested that the mission so far has already gone beyond the intention of the U.N. resolution to protect civilians . However , one NATO source told CNN that they did not see Turkey 's objections so far as a major stumbling block to a further role for NATO .	European allies argue over future of mission against Libya France 's foreign minister suggests a steering committee to make political decisions NATO says it will enforce an arms embargo against Libya
CNN  -- It 's been three years to the month since Dan Brown 's book "  The Da Vinci Code " hit theater screens , becoming a worldwide blockbuster . Tom Hanks says working in Rome , Italy , added to the production values of "  Angels & Demons . " Now superstar Tom Hanks and director Ron Howard are back with another of Brown 's best-sellers , "  Angels & Demons . " Unlike the previous effort in which the Oscar-winning duo went on a shooting spree across several European countries , the new film takes place in just one locale , Rome . Much of the movie was shot on soundstages and sets built in Hollywood , but the cast and crew also spent months in the Italian capital , which they say provided the film with an undeniable authenticity , not easily duplicated anywhere else . Watch the excitement of shooting in Rome " Hanks and Howard sat down with CNN to talk about the challenges -- and "  blessings , " in Hanks ' word -- of making "  Angels & Demons " happen in one of the world 's most densely trafficked , architecturally powerful cities . Tom Hanks : You 're shooting in a place like Rome and quite frankly , every layer of history and every passer-by , every scooter , every truck adds to the ambience of the film , the production value that you could n't get in a million years if we were trying to fake it during the daylight hours back home . Ron Howard : We used every device known to cinema , from the latest cutting-edge technology to certain filmic illusions that go back a hundred years , literally to the birth of the medium , to sort of low-budget street photography where you -LSB- 're -RSB- just pull -LSB- ing -RSB- up in a car , getting out a van , clearing a little space and shooting a shot . And I hope that it does the thing that these kind of adventures should do , which is really transport an audience . Hanks : Every step of the way we seem to be enjoying the blessings of how complicated it is to shoot in a place of Rome . We had a lady show up who was getting married at the Pantheon , and she had to get to the altar , and we had to get our shots . She showed up right between shots when we were moving the cameras . We got her into her wedding day . We went and got our shots ; she came out when she was done -- huzzahs all the way around and before the sun went down we were still able to finish up our day .	Much of "  Angels & Demons " footage shot in Rome , Italy Tom Hanks said being in Eternal City gave film feeling it could n't get on back lot But star and director note challenges , including shooting scenes amid a wedding
Away from the urban frontline of Hong Kong 's democracy protests , the push for a free vote is straining diplomatic ties between China and the territory 's former colonial master , Britain . British Prime Minister David Cameron was reported to have expressed concern on Monday about China 's refusal to allow a Foreign Affairs Committee entry to Hong Kong . "  This only amplifies concerns , rather than diminishing them , " said a spokesman for the prime minister , according to the Telegraph . "  The reason that the prime minister thinks it is a mistaken decision is because it is counter-productive , " the spokesman added . An emergency debate will be held in the House of Commons on Tuesday to discuss the Chinese ban . The committee had planned to travel to Hong Kong in late December to assess "  British diplomatic work " in the Chinese territory , amid increasingly heated scenes between pro-democracy campaigners and police . For the past two months , protesters have blocked busy roads in the city , establishing tent communities with the aim of pressuring the Hong Kong government to talk . After an initial round , the government declined further talks and has urged the protesters -- mostly students -- to abandon their action . Protesters are opposing the government 's plans to allow a committee to select a short-list of candidates for the role of chief executive in 2017 . They want a free and fair vote . Chinese opposition In a regular press briefing on Monday , Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying took issue with comments from committee chairman Sir Richard Ottoway , who on Friday described the Chinese decision to ban the group as "  overtly confrontational . " "  China said many times to Britain it resolutely opposed the so-called delegation of the British parliament 's foreign affairs committee going to Hong Kong for a so-called investigation and asked they cancel the visit . " "  If certain British MPs are bent on doing this , that 's what is meant by overt confrontation and this is not beneficial for Sino-British ties , " she added . In a statement the British Foreign Office said the Chinese ban was "  regrettable " and "  not consistent with the positive trend in UK-China relations over the past year . " It said it had communicated that to the Chinese " at the most senior levels . " Ottoway said on Monday that the group would not be pressured by the Chinese government to abandon its inquiry , "  nor are we going to cancel plans to hear from people in Hong Kong , " he said . He said China 's Deputy Ambassador to the UK Ni Jian had told him : "  Hong Kong came back to China 17 years ago , it is a Chinese territory and we oppose any interference in its internal affairs . " Ottoway also said he was told the delegation "  may send the wrong signals to the figures of ` Occupy Central ' " and "  shows some encouragement for illegal actions . " The inquiry , which began in July , will examine how the British Foreign Office "  monitors " the Joint Declaration signed between the UK and China 30 years ago when the countries agreed the transfer of Hong Kong from British to Chinese rule .	China has barred British Foreign Office committee from entering Hong Kong Committee chairman described move as "  overtly confrontational " Group is holding inquiry into how Joint Declaration is monitored Comes as clashes intensify between Hong Kong protesters and police
CNN  -- Since the days of George Washington , U.S. presidents have carved out a long tradition of official road trips , if not by motorcade , then by railroad or horse and carriage . The first Secret Service agent killed protecting a president died on a trip with Theodore Roosevelt . In the late 1800s , President Rutherford Hayes rode railroads to visit 30 states and six territories , earning him the nickname "  The Rover , " according to Willamette University Professor Richard Ellis . Eight presidents later , President William Howard Taft logged an average of 30,000 annual rail miles during his four-year administration . In "  Presidential Travel : The Journey from George Washington to George W. Bush , " Ellis writes about presidential road trips , some which were tainted by tragedy . Ellis describes the first century of presidential travel as "  littered with grisly accidents , unpleasant near misses , and just plain discomfort . They are a window into the vast difference between the bureaucratized -LSB- and safe -RSB- presidential travel establishment of today and the far more haphazard and dangerous travel of yesteryear . " Theodore Roosevelt During a 1902 road trip through New England , President Theodore Roosevelt was traveling in a carriage that collided with a trolley car , Ellis writes . The crash threw Roosevelt from the carriage and killed Secret Service agent William Craig , the first Secret Service agent to lose his life while protecting the president , according to Ellis . Living up to his "  Rough Rider " reputation , President Roosevelt suffered only minor cuts and bruises in the crash . Zachary Taylor A railroad trip took its toll on the health of President Zachary Taylor , Ellis said . "  When he made a railroad tour in 1849 , it almost killed him . " "  He was fairly old at the time , and these trips were brutal , because before each stop on the route , the influential townspeople would get on the train and want to talk with the president , " Ellis said . "  This meant 30 to 40 people battling for the president 's attention , trying to talk to him , shake hands until they reached the town . " Taylor 's trip was supposed to last a couple of months , according to Ellis . Within two weeks , he was sick and exhausted , "  and they have to take him back to the White House . " Taylor died suddenly a year later after eating a snack of cherries and milk . Andrew Jackson In 1833 , President Andrew Jackson was traveling through New York when his horse-drawn procession crossed a bridge connecting the Battery and Castle Garden . The bridge collapsed , plunging "  dignitaries of every age and shape ... into the shallow depths , all drenched , all frightened , and all struggling to regain solid ground , " Ellis quoted from newspaper reports . Jackson was unhurt because he was at the front of the procession , which had crossed to safety just before the bridge crumbled , according to Ellis . "  The trip basically got cut short because he collapsed from exhaustion and they had to take him back to Washington , " Ellis said . Franklin Pierce He was n't yet officially the president of the United States at the time , but President-elect Franklin Pierce cheated death during a railroad journey in 1853 . "  A broken axle hurled Pierce 's passenger car off the rails and down a steep , rocky embankment , " Ellis said . The crash shattered the car into a "  mass of broken glass and splintered wood , " Ellis quoted newspaper reports of the day . Pierce 's young son was killed instantly , his skull "  almost mashed to a jelly . " George Washington A storm made trouble for President George Washington in 1791 as he and his horse and carriage crossed Chesapeake Bay , according to Ellis . Washington reported that he spent the night "  in my greatcoat and boots in a berth not long enough for me by a head , and much cramped , " before he was rescued , Ellis said . Road trips by car For obvious reasons , including comfort and time , presidents have not historically embraced long-distance travel by car , Ellis said , as railroad trips gave way to air travel . President Franklin Roosevelt loved traveling by car after arriving in a community on a train , Ellis said . "  He loved trains , and he loved cars , " Ellis said . "  And he hated planes , although he did fly to Casablanca as president . "	Franklin Pierce 's son was killed while on a railroad trip with president-elect Secret Service agent killed on the road while protecting Teddy Roosevelt Ferry carrying George Washington and his carriage ran aground in a storm President William Howard Taft traveled 30,000 miles by train annually
CNN  -- Liverpool director Tom Hicks Jr has resigned from his position with the club and their parent company Kop Holdings in the wake of a foul-mouthed e-mail rant at a fan . The American , son of co-owner Tom Hicks , became embroiled in controversy when it emerged he had responded abusively when one supporter contacted him directly about the state of the Premier League club and their finances . Hicks Jr subsequently apologized but he has now quit the club . The Spirit of Shankly fans ' group , who are committed to the removal of American co-owners Hicks Sr and George Gillett , had called for Hicks Jr to resign . However , with his father as co-owner it appeared there would be little pressure from the top to do so . Hicks Jr was seen as a key player on Anfield 's board -- comprised of Hicks and his father , Gillett and his son Foster and managing director Christian Purslow . At the same time Liverpool announced his departure , they revealed a re-structuring of the boardroom of both club and Kop Holdings . Casey Coffman , executive vice-president of Hicks Holdings , is the man brought in to replace Hicks Jr while Liverpool 's chief financial officer Philip Nash and the club 's commercial director Ian Ayre are have also both been elected to both companies . Purslow , Nash and Ayre have played increasingly important roles in the last few months as they work towards putting the club on a healthier financial footing . That has already led to the signing of a new shirt sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank worth around $ 120 million . One of Purslow 's priorities since taking over from Rick Parry in June last year has been to find new investment in the club as they seek to get the funding in place to build a new stadium . Hicks Jr had no real input into decision-making at the club on a daily basis and so his departure will not affect on-going plans .	Liverpool director Tom Hicks Jr has resigned from his position with the club and parent company Kop Holdings The American responded abusively when a fan contacted him about the state of the club 's finances Hicks Jr subsequently apologized but he has now quit the club owened by his father and George Gillett
Moscow  CNN  -- The Russian space agency on Monday postponed the launch of a new manned mission to the International Space Station due to last week 's accident in which an unmanned cargo craft was lost , the state news agency RIA Novosti reported . Alexei Krasnov of the space agency , Roscosmos , said the next manned mission , originally planned to launch on September 22 , now would occur in late October or early November , according to the RIA Novosti report . In the United States , NASA 's space station program manager told reporters Monday that the timing of the rescheduled mission could force the temporary de-manning of the space station later this year . However , the NASA official , Mike Suffredini , said no decisions can be made until a commission appointed by Russia completes its investigation of the August 24 crash involving a Soyuz rocket -- the same kind used to power the flights of crew members to the space station . With a planned rotation of the six crew members aboard the space station scheduled to begin next month , a delay in using the Soyuz could prevent the ability to bring replacements , Suffredini said . "  If we do n't have Soyuz flying by the middle of November -- the 16th or so , the normal landing time for the last crew -- we would have to de-man ISS at that point , " Suffredini said . The six astronauts at the space station are three from Russia , two from the United States and one from Japan . Due to the schedule change announced Monday , the three Russian astronauts on board will return to Earth eight days later than originally planned , on September 16 instead of September 8 , Krasnov said . They will fly a Soyuz vehicle already at the space station . Suffredini said another Soyuz vehicle at the space station , which is set to fly back the other three crew members , will have its certification for the return mission expire by mid-November . If there ca n't be a new manned mission from Earth by then , administrators will have to decide whether to take extensive steps to extend the vehicle 's certification for the return flight , proceed on a return flight without certification , or de-man the space station by flying back the remaining crew members within the certification period , he said . "  We 're going to do what 's safest for the crew and for the space station , " Suffredini said . He acknowledged that leaving the space station without any crew members increased the risk for trouble . "  There is a greater risk of losing the ISS when it 's unmanned than if it were manned , " Suffredini said , adding that the risk increase "  is not insignificant . " The commission in Russia investigating last week 's accident will determine the new launch date for the next manned mission , Krasnov said , according to the RIA Novosti report . Prior to that mission , Roscosmos will make two unmanned Soyuz launches , "  either an automated one or a freighter or both , " he said . On August 24 , a Progress M-12M space freighter carrying food and other items to the space station broke up over southern Siberia after failing to separate from its Soyuz-U carrier rocket , RIA Novosti reported . It was the first loss of a Progress freighter in more than 30 years of operation , according to the report , which said the cause was believed to be a rocket engine failure . However , it was the second failed space launch in Russia in less than 10 days . On August 18 , Russia lost a sophisticated Express-AM4 telecommunications satellite when the launch vehicle put it into the wrong orbit . The Progress M-12M that went down last week was to deliver more than 3.8 tons of cargo to the space station crew , including food supplies , medical equipment , personal hygiene items and scientific equipment needed for experiments , according to Roscosmos and space officials . Suffredini said Monday that space station crew is well-supplied due to the delivery of goods by the final U.S. shuttle mission carried out by Atlantis last month . NASA is now reliant on the Russian space agency to ferry U.S. astronauts to orbit , since the grounding of the U.S. shuttle fleet has left the United States with no way to lift humans into space . Plans are in the works for private companies to begin shipping cargo to the station , and eventually to carry astronauts as well . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : A NASA official says the space station may have to be de-manned The mission originally planned for September 22 will occur weeks later The announcement follows last week 's loss of a Russian supply vessel
London  CNN  -- Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , presented medals Saturday to soldiers of the Irish Guards who have served in Afghanistan . The ceremony in the town of Windsor was the first time Prince William had visited the regiment since he was appointed colonel of the Irish Guards in February . Six soldiers from the regiment performed ceremonial duties at the couple 's wedding in April . About 400 Irish Guards received operational medals during the ceremony , British media reported , with the duke and duchess pausing to speak to each soldier as they presented them . Afterwards , Prince William spoke of his "  pride and humility " as he paid tribute to the soldiers ' service . "  I am proud to be your colonel . I am humbled by the thought of the sacrifices that you and your families have made and the losses that you have suffered -- all in the service of our country , " he said . "  Along with thousands of others back home , I followed your tour in Afghanistan with a mounting sense of awe . " The duke and duchess also presented the families of three fallen servicemen with the Elizabeth Cross , a medal granted to the relatives of military personnel killed on operations . The couple spoke to the families privately before the medal parade . It was the first time the duchess had carried out a military role as a member of the royal family . The 1st Battalion Irish Guards returned in April from a six-month tour in Afghanistan . Their responsibilities included helping mentor the Afghan National Army . The regiment , which is based at the Victoria Barracks in Windsor , was formed in 1900 by order of Queen Victoria .	NEW : Prince William speaks of his "  pride and humility " as he meets troops He was appointed colonel of the Irish Guards in February This was the first time he and Catherine had been to visit the regiment since then Soldiers from the Irish Guards performed ceremonial duties at the couple 's wedding
CNN  -- There 's a devastating narrative being told about the PC these days : It 's dying . It 's not a slow death either . Sales of traditional PCs are collapsing faster than anyone expected . And this is n't just some vague perception from the anti-Microsoft crowd . This is backed up with real data , most notably in the latest IDC report released this month that says PC sales are down 14 % year over year . The entire market appears to be imploding , and it does n't just apply to PCs running Windows . Even Apple 's Mac computer sales are basically flat year over year , yet its iPad business continues to grow . So what 's going on here ? Why are n't people buying regular laptops and desktops anymore ? There are a ton of theories floating around out there , but the consensus seems to be that PC makers still have n't figured out how to leverage the transition into mobile devices . Perhaps the biggest blame falls on Microsoft . It made a huge gamble with the introduction of Windows 8 , a radically different kind of operating system designed primarly for touchscreen devices . Windows 8 replaces your traditional desktop screen with a new touch-friendly start menu that has a lot of people confused . IDC 's report sums it up nicely : "  While some consumers appreciate the new form factors and touch capabilities of Windows 8 , the radical changes to the UI , removal of the familiar Start button , and the costs associated with touch have made PCs a less attractive alternative to dedicated tablets and other competitive devices . Microsoft will have to make some very tough decisions moving forward if it wants to help reinvigorate the PC market . " It 's as if Microsoft is eating itself , trying to catch up with the mobile revolution while still packaging its new operating system in pricey hardware that 's clearly declining in popularity with consumers . And because Windows 8 tablets are full PCs with expensive components , people are moving to cheaper tablets like the iPad Mini or ones based on Google 's Android operating system . After all , why buy a brand new expensive computer that 's difficult to learn when you can get an easy-to-use tablet that can do most of the same stuff at a fraction of the price ? However , there is a small ray of hope for the Microsoft faithful . Microsoft is gearing up to release a new version of Windows later this year , codenamed Windows Blue . According to several reports , Blue will give users the option to replace the new start screen with a traditional desktop by default . If the reports are true , it would be a smart move , and one that could help ease the transition into modern mobile computing . The company is also toying around with the idea of making smaller , cheaper tablets that are much more popular with consumers . Microsoft recently issued a statement to its manufacturing partners that Windows 8 will now support smaller screens in the 7-inch range . Plus there are several reports that Microsoft will add such a tiny tablet to its Surface line of devices . You can expect to see a bunch of similar devices from other manufacturers later this year . Let 's be clear though . This game is n't over yet . Apple has n't won . Microsoft and Google have n't either . The personal computing industry has been turned on its head , and everyone is still noodling around with strategies on how to adapt . Even the way we define "  PC " is changing , and we 're getting to the point where there 's almost no distinction between mobile and regular computing . The PC as we know it may be dying , but the PC as it will be is just getting started . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	A recent report showed PC sales down 14 % and Apple desktop sales flat Consumers increasingly are choosing smaller , cheaper tablets and smartphones Microsoft 's mobile-friendly Windows 8 has confused some users But company is working on "  Blue , " that 's reportedly more desktop friendly
CNN  -- It would not be surprising for an associate pastor to pray with his parishioners . But Jorge Juan Castro wound up preying on them instead , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said Friday . He is accused of raping more than 20 women , many of whom are Spanish-speaking , undocumented immigrants . The alleged abuse began in October 2004 , shortly after Castro took a job as associate pastor at Las Buenas Nuevas Church in Norwalk , and continued until September 2012 , the department said in a news release . Castro was arrested last Friday at his home in Norwalk and was being held in Los Angeles County Jail in lieu of $ 2 million bail . The allegations came to light when the women , ages 18 to 39 , implicated Castro to a third party who then told detectives , authorities said . The alleged incidents began in October 2004 and continued until September 2012 . During that time , Castro was working as an associate pastor and counselor at Las Buenas Nuevas Church in Norwalk , the department said . "  The suspect allegedly preyed upon the victims ' vulnerability , " the news release said . "  He did this by invoking fear by threatening to tell the victims if they reported him he would have the victims deported , while additionally threatening to expose the victims to public embarrassment and ridicule . " Castro was booked on an arrest warrant listing six felony charges of rape , oral copulation and penetration by a foreign object , authorities said . Detectives from the county 's Special Victims Bureau were asking for help from the public in identifying any other possible victims .	Jorge Juan Castro , an associate pastor , is being held in lieu of $ 2 million bail The alleged abuse began shortly after he arrived from Argentina Castro allegedly raped more than 20 undocumented immigrants He allegedly threatened to have them deported if they told
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A Georgia man suffering from Lou Gehrig 's disease says he wants to die by having his organs harvested rather than wait for his degenerative nerve ailment to kill him . Garry Phebus has been battling amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , as the disease is formally known , since 2008 . The 61-year-old told HLN 's "  Prime News " on Thursday that the diagnosis is "  a death sentence , positively , no questions asked , " and he wants do donate his organs while he still can . "  If people have their legs cut off or their wife left them and they commit suicide , it 's another story . They still have a life ahead of them . But I do not , " he said . And for people waiting for transplants , "  There 's nothing greater than for a family member to receive an organ so they can watch their family grow up . " Lou Gehrig 's disease attacks the nerves in the brain and spinal cord , affecting voluntary muscle control . In its later stages , the disease can leave sufferers paralyzed but fully conscious and alert . Phebus lives in White , Georgia , about 50 miles north of Atlanta . He conceded his decision is "  not for everyone , " but said his family supports him -- a statement backed up with some qualifications by his daughter , Kerri Wilkinson . "  We kind of said , ` OK , well , let 's not do this at this very second , ' but to find out more about it , " Wilkinson said . But she said that when her father 's disease "  gets to the point where he 's lost his pride or become humiliated in how he 's having to suffer and the indignities ... we 're not going to have an issue with that . " About 5,600 Americans a year are diagnosed with the disease , according to the ALS Association , a nonprofit group that advocates for more research on the disease . Those diagnosed typically live two to five years . But some , like famed Cambridge University physicist Stephen Hawking , survive for decades . Phebus ' offer is "  admirable , and our heart goes out to him , " Leigh Vinocur , an emergency medicine physician at the University of Maryland , told HLN . "  But 10 percent of people can live 20 years with this disease . " Vinocur said what Phebus wants to do amounts to physician-assisted suicide , a practice legal in only three U.S. states -- Oregon , Washington and Montana . And in those states , patients who seek to end their lives are typically in the last stages of a terminal disease . "  We donate organs in patients that , say , are brain dead or have terminal events , " she said . Most doctors "  would have a problem " with what Phebus wants to do , because "  at this point , he 's fairly healthy . " "  I ca n't picture any states essentially putting , right now , a relatively healthy man under anesthesia , taking out vital organs like his heart and taking him off the ventilator , " Vinocur said . And ALS is unlikely to harm the organs most likely to be used for transplants unless some sort of related infection strikes them , she said . Phebus has also taken his appeal online . In a video posted on the website YouTube , he argues that 90,000 people a year die waiting for organ transplants , and compares his situation to a soldier in a foxhole throwing himself on a grenade to save his comrades . "  I am not suicidal , " he says . "  I just know that it is a matter of time before I die and wish to do a good thing for those people who have a good life expectancy "	Garry Phebus says he 's under a "  death sentence " "  There 's nothing greater than for a family member to receive an organ " Doctor : Physicians are unlikely to go along with the Georgia man 's plan Some ALS sufferers live for decades with the disease
CNN  -- The car breaks down . The lover jilts you mid-trip . The hotel turns out to be a dump . Pericles Rellas thanks a dumpy hotel and a kind stranger for showing him Old Cairo in Egypt 20 years ago . Travel snafus can throw upside down the most thought-out of vacation plans . But what the mishaps lead to , and how people deal with them , can be blessings in globe-trotting disguise . "  When things go wrong , travel gets more interesting , " said Jim Benning . "  If everything goes exactly as planned , the trip may be all right , but is it the trip you 'll tell people about for years to come ? Probably not . " No stranger to travel trials -- he 's heard about and lived plenty -- Benning is the editor of World Hum , an online travel magazine that focuses on the journey as much as the destination . In 2001 , he found himself on a 20-hour-long , overstuffed train ride across China . It was so unbearable that he jumped off in Chengdu in Sichuan province , an area he never intended to explore . "  The only reason I got off is I could n't stand another second on that train , " he said . "  It led to the best week I had in China . " Travelers who can stay flexible and roll with the glitches do well , even "  thrive , " when adversity strikes , Benning said . Nancy Donohue of Fond du Lac , Wisconsin , is one such person . Back in 2003 , the artist joined her grown son , Jeremiah  or "  Maia "  , in volunteering at an orphanage in Guatemala . Once the three-week stint was over , the two set out on a road trip to take his car back to his home in California . But only two days into the drive , the car broke down north of Acapulco , Mexico , leaving them stranded beneath the hot sun for three hours , she said . They found refuge in the town of Coyuca -- her for one week  she had to fly back to the states  and Maia for two weeks -- before the right car part arrived and he could move on . While there , they found bliss , bonding with the locals and spending their days at the beach , swimming in a lagoon and feasting on 10-cent mangoes . iReport : Read about this lucky breakdown "  It 's the story of my life , " Donohue said . "  Anything that happens is for the good . " Even in the worst of times , there can be blessings , Shirley Brooks-Jones learned . The Columbus , Ohio , resident was on Delta Flight 15 from Frankfurt , Germany , to Atlanta , Georgia , on September 11 , 2001 . The terrorist attacks had closed U.S. airspace , and for 24 hours , she was on one of nearly 40 airplanes on the tarmac in Gander , Newfoundland , getting bit-piece updates and trying to understand what had happened . When it became clear that they 'd be going nowhere anytime soon , she and the others deplaned -- without their luggage . The people of Gander and the surrounding villages wowed Brooks-Jones , 73 , and the other stuck passengers with their kindness . Locals gave them shelter , food , and access to phones and televisions so they could follow the news . They made sure prescriptions were filled , gave them clothing when needed and made sure they had every toiletry they lacked . The people of Lewisporte , the modest village where she was stranded , did all of this without allowing the passengers to pay for a thing . "  We just landed on their doorstep , " said Brooks-Jones , who 's been back to visit 16 times since that initial four-day layover . "  I fell in love with those people and the area . " She was n't the only one . Those on her flight who were touched by the people of Lewisporte helped fund a scholarship for students there . The Lewisporte Area Flight 15 Scholarship Fund has raised nearly $ 900,000 , she said . For Celeste Botha , a far less warm , even icy , reception turned her travels topsy-turvy . She took a four-month leave from her life and career in Seattle , Washington , to explore -- many miles away in Colombia and Panama -- a relationship with a man she 'd fallen madly in love with . A Peace Corps volunteer when she was younger , Botha had dreamed about living overseas again . Going away with Mick made sense , she thought . But what she hoped would be a romantic adventure turned into a broken-hearted disaster , said Botha , 61 . Almost immediately , the man changed , turning critical and showing disinterest . "  He had just flipped the switch , " she said of what transpired five years ago . "  When we got to Cartagena -LSB- in Colombia -RSB- , it was all downhill from there . " She could have jetted back to Seattle , defeated , but she refused to do that . "  I was not going to let this experience with Mick destroy my experience overseas , " said Botha , who ended up meeting a British sailor , a travel companion for years to come . "  I was determined to be happy . " Smiles were hard to come by as Pericles Rellas led his father into the rundown Cairo , Egypt , hotel he 'd booked back in 1989 . The dump left his dad "  horrified , " Rellas , 45 , remembered . But the next day , as they braved the overwhelming and crowded streets , they happened upon the perfect place to stay . Not only that , they met a desk manager , Nutan , who insisted on taking them around Old Cairo , showing them hidden shops and sights they surely would have missed . iReport : Read further about Nutan 's gift Nutan did this , said Rellas , of the Los Angeles , California , area , because a stranger had once helped her when she struggled to find her way in the United States . "  She was repaying a debt to someone , " said Rellas , who now thinks about Nutan whenever he stops to help someone who appears lost or confused . "  What have you been given in your life , and what can you give back to honor what you 've been given ? "	"  When things go wrong , travel gets more interesting " and memorable , expert says Car breakdown leads mother and son to blissful town , lagoon and 10-cent mangoes 9/11 stranding sparks long-standing relationships and scholarship The kindness of a stranger in Cairo , Egypt , has changed man to this day
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The one-star general almost yells when asked to talk about the infamous Abu Ghraib photos showing U.S. soldiers abusing Iraqi detainees . An Iraqi detainee grips a fence at Camp Cropper , one of the few U.S. detention centers remaining in Iraq . "  If we had had a company commander doing what he was supposed to be doing , a battalion commander doing what he was supposed to be doing ... , " Brig. Gen. David Quantock said . He carried on -- growing more and more angry . So the next obvious question was , "  It makes you angry ? " "  It does make me angry , " he said . "  Because I think we lost a lot of American lives because of those photos . " And there it is -- the issue of detainee abuse and what the U.S. military struggles with , and has struggled with , since the release of those photos in 2004 , some of which showed naked prisoners being humiliated , stacked in piles or subjected to mock torture . Quantock , the head of detainee operations in Iraq , is echoing a debate raging in Washington . Another round of photos allegedly showing further abuse of prisoners was to be released by the end of this month . But President Obama asked that the photos be held back . Obama said he believed the release of the pictures could put American lives in danger . That is Catch-22 situation No. 1 : on one hand transparency ; on the other , the safety of U.S. troops . Quantock agreed with his commander in chief . "  The jihadists have used those pictures . And it has spurred some of the violence , " he said . Walking through Camp Cropper -- one of the last remaining U.S. detention centers in Iraq -- it is clear the damaging photos have forced the United States to become more transparent in its dealings with prisoners . Detainees are now checked before and after interrogations to ensure the guards have not abused them . Officers who walk the catwalk , the long metal walkway that surrounds the sprawling yard housing the detainees , have more oversight . These institutional checks reduce the possibility that abuse could reach the same scale as it did in Abu Ghraib in 2003 . The camp itself has a strange feeling to it . Visitors are told to put on sunglasses before entering some of the holding areas . Many of the detainees spit and even throw their own fecal matter at the guards , officials said . Inmates in American detention with arrest warrants against them will be turned over to Iraqi authorities under the terms of the U.S.-Iraqi security agreement . All others will be released . But the United States has signed the international treaty against torture , which compels a nation to keep suspects detained rather than send them to another country if that other country might ill-treat them . "  Iraqi detention facilities are not good ; they are not like American facilities , " said a woman who had just visited her detainee husband at Camp Cropper . "  There is a lot of witness testimony from detainees who suffered maltreatment in Iraqi detention facilities . " A U.N. report examining the second half of 2008 agreed , saying that detention centers run by Iraqis are using torture and physical abuse to extract confessions . The lingering questions about Iraqi detention facilities create Catch-22 situation No. 2 . The United States very much wants not only to get out of Iraq , but to get out of the detainee operation business . But it has a legal bar to satisfy . For its part , the U.S. military said it is inspecting and monitoring nine of the Iraqi facilities where its detainees will go . Iraqi government authorities maintain that they are treating all prisoners in accordance with international law . But when the United States pulls its last troops form Iraq , the monitoring is likely to stop . Nongovernmental organizations have been denied access , and CNN recently has not been allowed into any Iraqi prison .	U.S. head of detainee operations in Iraq is angered by Abu Ghraib photos The pictures showing abuse of Iraqi prisoners continue to cause problems U.S. military faces tough choices over future of detainees in Iraq
CNN  -- Only a fraction of the oil that normally courses through the Trans Alaska pipeline was flowing early Sunday after operators discovered a leak near Prudhoe Bay , a company spokeswoman said . Crews making a routine inspection "  found oil in the basement of a booster pump building " around 9 a.m. Saturday , according to Aleyeska Pipeline Service Company spokeswoman Michelle Egan , who said flow has been reduced by 95 % . On a typical day , 642,261 barrels of oil would pass through the pipeline . "  Crews are currently onsite to assess the situation and isolate the source of the leak , " a company statement said . CNN 's Tom Laabs contributed to this report .	Flow in the Trans Alaska pipeline is reduced to 5 % of normal A leak is found in a booster pump building Technicians are working on a fix for the leak
A provocative bake sale designed to satirize affirmative action resulted in no fisticuffs Tuesday , but it did prompt a sellout of 300 cupcakes and some heated debate at the University of California at Berkeley , the bake sale organizer said . "  The biggest thing is that no violence broke out . There was no physical situation , which is really great , " Berkeley College Republicans President Shawn Lewis said Tuesday afternoon , as the bake sale was nearing an end . "  We sold out of cupcakes , and I think we have some  of the 200  cookies left , " Lewis told CNN . "  Beside from selling cupcakes , there was a lot of conversations between people , " Lewis said . "  There were some aggressive people who came up with angry things to say , but there was no violence . " In light of recent threats made against supporters of the group , college Republicans from several other California universities showed up by the carloads and volunteered to help staff the event , held on a campus plaza , Lewis said . The flagship campus of the University of California system was the state epicenter Tuesday in the debate over affirmative action and college admissions . On one side , the Berkeley College Republicans hosted their "  Increase Diversity Bake Sale " -- a satirical event that charged customers different prices based on race and gender . Yards away , Berkeley 's student government -- the Associated Students of the University of California -- hosted a phone bank in support of SB 185 , state legislation that would allow California universities to consider race , gender , ethnicity and national origin during the admissions process . Neither side backed down . During the sale , scheduled from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. , baked goods were sold to white men for $ 2 , Asian men for $ 1.50 , Latino men for $ 1 , black men for 75 cents and Native American men for 25 cents . All women received 25 cents off those prices . "  We agree that the event is inherently racist , but that is the point , " Lewis wrote in response to upheaval over the bake sale . "  It is no more racist than giving an individual an advantage in college admissions based solely on their race  or  gender . " ASUC President Vishalli Loomba said many students who attended a community meeting Monday night expressed disgust that the bake sale would take place . "  As a woman of color , when I first saw the event , I was appalled someone would post something like this on the Internet -- not only a different pay structure , but also to rank the races , " she said . "  It trivializes the struggles that people have been through and their histories . " Lewis said he agreed a ranking system for races is n't fair -- not for bake sales , and not in other aspects of life . "  The purpose of the pricing structure ... is to cause people to disagree with this kind of preferential treatment , " Lewis said . "  We want people to say no race is above another race , or no race is below another one . Why put one over the other ? Why rank them that way ? " Before the sale , Lewis said his group would n't enforce the price list . "  If a white guy comes up and says , ' I want the price from an African-American female , ' we absolutely give him that price , " he said . There can be complications with self-identifying a race -- especially if a person is multiracial , Lewis said . Events similar to the Berkeley bake sale have taken place at other colleges across the country , generally organized by college Republican groups . In some cases -- such as at Berkeley -- the plan sparked controversy and protests . Other times , university officials stepped in . At Bucknell University in Pennsylvania , officials shut down a similar bake sale on campus . Officials at The College of William and Mary in Virginia cut off a cookie sale , saying they were "  shocked and appalled . " The University of California , Irvine , shut down a bake sale on campus , saying it was discriminatory . And a bake sale at Southern Methodist University in Texas was shut down after 45 minutes because of what officials called an "  unsafe environment , " according to local reports . Loomba , Berkeley 's student government president , said she is concerned about students potentially feeling ostracized due to the bake sale . "  I have heard that from numerous students who have said this makes students feel unwelcome on campus , " she said . "  For that reason alone , we should think about what events we have on campus . " Lewis said the bake sale at Berkeley was unanimously agreed upon by the club , whose leadership includes Asian and Hispanic students and whose membership represents a "  wide variety of ethnic backgrounds . " "  More than half of the voices were female , " he added . Berkeley 's student government held an emergency senate meeting Sunday to discuss the issue and passed a resolution that , in part , "  condemns the use of discrimination whether it is in satire or in seriousness by any student group . " "  I completely support the idea of BCR -- or any students on campus --  having  political discussion , " Loomba said . "  I think student members of BCR have a full right to express their feelings , but I do n't necessarily think this tactic is constructive . " As for where the bake sale proceeds will go , Lewis said the College Republicans are considering several charities . But "  because of all this controversy , we do n't want to advertise the organization , " he said . "  We do n't want to cause them problems . "	No problems occur at satirical bake sale -- just hot debate , organizer says Bake sale lampooned a bill that would allow race and gender to be considered in admissions Group leader : "  We agree that the event is inherently racist , but that is the point " Berkeley 's student government countered with a call-in supporting the bill , SB 185
CNN  -- Lionel Messi hit a hat-trick as Barcelona triumphed 3-1 in their Spanish Copa Del Rey last-16 first leg tie at 10-man Atletico Madrid on Tuesday . Argentine coach Diego Maradona saw Lionel Messi fire a King 's Cup hat-trick for Barcelona in Madrid . Argentine coach Diego Maradona watched as one of his World Cup stars found the target after 12 , 58 and 80 minutes having been rested for last weekend 's 3-1 Primera Liga win over Real Mallorca . Messi fired the first beyond French goalkeeper Gregory Coupet following a return pass from Daniel Alves and added the second from the penalty spot . He sent Coupet the wrong way following an infringement that saw John Heitinga red carded before Atletico pulled one back through Czech defender Tomas Ujfalusi after 69 minutes . Messi completed his treble 10 minutes from time before leaving to a standing ovation with record 24-time winners ' Barcelona facing a comfortable task in next Wednesday 's return leg .	Lionel Messi hits hat-trick as Barca win 3-1 in Copa Del Rey last-16 first leg Messi on target after 12 , 58 and 80 minutes against 10-man Atletico Madrid Argentine coach Diego Maradona was on hand to watch Messi 's heroics
Ilovaisk , Ukraine  CNN  -- On a country road in eastern Ukraine , a scene of bucolic tranquility was suddenly interrupted by the aftermath of carnage . A burned-out tank tilted into a ditch , its turret blown some 20 meters away by a direct hit . Unexploded ammunition of every caliber lay everywhere . A troop transport vehicle was shot to pieces ; a short distance away a simple grave was marked by a cross hastily made from branches . Amid the fields of sunflowers and grazing cows , the smell of burned metal hung in the air . The road , running south from Ilovaisk , was the escape route for Ukrainian soldiers when the town finally fell to pro-Russian separatists after a three-week siege . Except that many of those soldiers , at least 70 according to army medics and probably more , did not escape . Whether they were ambushed or killed making a final stand , or rebels reneged on a deal to grant them safe passage , is unclear . But their chaotic retreat marked one of the bloodiest defeats for Ukrainian security forces in their war to reclaim the east . It was also the latest evidence of a resurgence in the fortunes of the rebels . After being penned back into a shrinking corner of eastern Ukraine -- around the cities of Donetsk and Luhansk -- for much of July and August , they are now advancing on several fronts . Last week the army of NovoRossiya , as it now calls itself , seized Novoazovsk , a town on the coast a few miles from the Russian border . Those fighters have begun to push west and north , while others have captured more territory south and east of the city of Donetsk . The rebels have established a corridor from the city all the way to the coast in which there is no sign of Ukrainian forces . In an interview with CNN Tuesday , the youthful commander of rebel forces in Ilovaisk , who gave his name as Givi , was contemptuous of Ukrainian troops , who he claimed vastly outnumbered his men . "  I proposed to them a million times to give up and get out , " he said . "  But many of their officers are fighting for money , and the regular soldiers are forced into it . They died with tears in their eyes because they have no experience , and do n't know who their enemy is . " Asked to show the rebels ' front lines on a map of Ukraine , he leaned across the cot that takes up half his tiny office and drew a line beyond Mariupol -- and further west . "  But you do n't control Mariupol , " we countered . "  It is next , " he said with confidence . That still seems unlikely . Mariupol is Ukraine 's fourth-largest city with a population of more than 400,000 , an uneasy mixture of pro-Ukrainian and pro-Russian viewpoints that has exploded into violence several times since the unrest began . It could only be occupied by a substantial force . But on Tuesday the rebels stationed a T-72 tank and troop carrier on the main highway just 40 miles  70 kilometers  from the city . A nearby Ukrainian checkpoint that was manned just last week is deserted . There is little evidence of the Ukrainian army around the city ; just a few trenches , hastily dug by volunteers , on the outskirts . In Ilovaisk , Givi has certainly amassed an impressive store of weapons and ammunition . All were seized from the Ukrainians , he insisted , showing us their markings . Boxes of mortars and shells were stacked high in a garage ; outside his men were trying to repair an armored personnel carrier . But his forces also boasted at least two T-72 tanks flying the flag of NovoRossiya -- a blue diagonal cross on a red background -- that looked virtually new . Asked where they came from , he said he did n't really care . Then he embraced and kissed a blonde female fighter carrying a Dragunov sniper rifle and walked off . Nearby , almost every window in a four-story school has been shattered . Mortar impacts have thrown up dirt and paving and demolished a wall in what was the playground . An anti-tank mine lay in the grass . In the road outside , a rocket was embedded in the tarmac ; a Ukrainian flag lay twisted and dirty on the floor of a bus the troops were using . The school was the headquarters in Ilovaisk for the National Guard detachment sent to hold the town . They were targeted by mortar fire of an accuracy rarely seen from separatist forces . So were the blackened tanks -- a dozen or more -- that lay across the road south of Ilovaisk . Whether the separatists have had training in Russia or been joined by reinforcements from across the border is at the heart of the dispute that has drawn Europe into its worst crisis since the Cold War . What is beyond dispute is that the weaponry they now have -- and their ability to use it -- is far more advanced than two or three months ago . But identifying who is using what hardware in this conflict , and where it came from , is at best an imprecise science . In a burned field south of Ilovaisk , on what was the frontline of combat a few days ago , we found a large green tube amid bushes and trees . Military experts have identified it as the rocket motor section of a Russian-made SS-21 "  Scarab " ballistic missile . But both the Ukrainian and Russian militaries have the SS-21 . The same dilemma applies in identifying the separatists . Most of the fighters at Givi 's base appeared to be from the Donetsk area . Further south , men manning a checkpoint near Novoazovsk had distinctly Russian accents . But the presence of active-duty Russian soldiers -- and in what numbers -- is impossible to know . The civilians who have remained in Ilovaisk , a town without water or electricity , seemed largely supportive of the new authorities . Few had anything good to say about the National Guard soldiers ; some villagers claimed they had harassed and stolen from locals , claims that were impossible to verify . One man said the separatists had shot dead his 23-year old grandson when he was caught looting -- but at least they had helped arrange the funeral . In small towns and villages in this corner of Ukraine , it is increasingly rare to come across pro-Kiev sentiment . While identifying themselves as Ukrainian , many people have family links to Russia . They accuse the Ukrainian armed forces of being undisciplined , or indiscriminate in their targeting . Anecdotal evidence after two days in Donetsk suggests a similar feeling there . Wherever the shelling is coming from  and it is sporadic and seems largely indiscriminate  , people seemed to blame the Ukrainian forces surrounding the city . Tens of thousands of people have abandoned Donetsk over the last few months , and the streets are eerily quiet . Stores and restaurants are boarded up ; playgrounds deserted . Most professionals have left ; most of those still in the city tend to be older and poorer , with nowhere to go . Among them are the store-owners at a street market by the railway station , an area hit by several shells at the weekend . As they swept away the shattered glass and gazed at their ruined livelihoods on Monday morning , one woman , on the verge of tears , said she had just brought $ 700 of clothing from Kharkiv to sell . Now it was gone in the fire ignited by the shelling . A grizzled middle-aged man wandered up . He had a unique prescription for Ukraine 's troubles . "  Peace , freedom , Led Zeppelin , " he said with a toothless grin . "  End of problem . "	In eastern Ukraine , burned-out military vehicles , used armaments litter the countryside In Ilovaisk , one rebel commander tells CNN he is confident of victory Lister : It is increasingly rare to come across pro-Kiev sentiment in the small towns , villages of this region Separatists ' weaponry -- and their ability to use it -- are far more advanced than two or three months ago , says Lister
CNN  -- In Masrakh , an impoverished village in India 's northeastern Bihar state -- scenes of trauma , confusion , intense grief . Here , at the site of the school meal poisoning incident that has claimed 23 young lives and imperiled 25 others , thousands of people mill around , stunned , hungry for information . They listen to the procession of politicians that streams into the village to pay respects and make promises . But they can not offer what these people want most : answers as to how the government-mandated free meals , meant to nourish the community 's children , could instead have cost them their lives . India 's school program : Ambitious , but far from perfect Four burnt out police vehicles fringe the side of the road , a sign of the simmering anger felt towards authorities over the tragedy . Investigators had previously flagged issues with food safety at schools in the state , with one report in April from India 's Ministry of Human Resource Development noting that school food "  was kept in open and dirty ground . " A fresh grave has been dug in front of the ramshackle , solitary classroom where 120 of the village 's children were enrolled -- an unambiguous sign of protest over the incident . There are many others buried nearby . Above all this , the wails of grieving families pierce the air . Sarita Devi is inconsolable as she mourns the loss of her five-year-old daughter , Dipu . The wife of a migrant worker , Devi says her daughter had not wanted to go to school that day , and laments the fact she had even given her a paisa -- a sub-unit of India 's rupee -- to attend . "  Why is n't anyone bringing Dipu back ? " she cries . Mom anguishes over child poisoned by lunch : Why are n't you coming back ? Like many here , she has words of anger for the school 's principal , who authorities say has absconded together with her husband , and whom they are seeking to interview . Devi 's grief eventually overpowers her , and her body goes limp . This is a poor village , in one of India 's poorest states . Locals live in simple dwellings made of clay . The school is the heart of the community , meaning that scarcely a family here has not been affected . Even the school 's cook , Manju Devi , lost children to the tragedy ; her husband , Lal Babu Rai , told a reporter from CNN-IBN , CNN 's sister network , that two had died after eating the tainted food , while another remains in hospital . The settlement 's solitary water pump is where locals say they were first alerted to the commotion following Tuesday 's regular midday school meal . School children had congregated there to wash their plates after the regular daily meal of rice and potatoes . On this occasion , however , they began vomiting and collapsing . The children were rushed to the local medical facility , but they could do nothing for them . They were transferred on to a larger hospital at Patna , Bihar 's capital , some four hours ' drive away . In Patna , despite the distance , the incident is being keenly felt . The city has been rocked by violent protests over the deaths , and at Patna state government school on Friday , many children said they had been instructed by their parents not to eat any school meals , due to fears of further contamination . They need not worry . Many NGOs who deliver the meals to the schools have stopped providing them to some schools , out of fears of a backlash . While answers on the tragedy remain scant , one thing remains clear : it will be some time before any sense of normalcy returns to Bihar .	Masrakh village in India 's Bihar state is in mourning after deaths of 23 children The children died after eating their daily school meal of rice and potatoes People from the village are seeking answers as to the cause of the incident Police are seeking to interview the school principal , who has absconded
Jabal Akhdar , Oman  CNN  -- For centuries , European travelers would tell tales of Oman 's Jabal Akhdar mountain -- of its lush gardens filled with grapes and pomegranate surrounded by otherwise parched desert terrain . Alas , access to the site was shut off in the 1950s amidst internal strife and tribal rebellion . The area remained a tightly controlled military zone for decades after the conflict ended . Recently , however , all that has started to change . The Omani government is hoping to make Jabal Akhdar  Arabic for Green Mountain  a focal point for showcasing tourism in the interior of the country . A number of resort brands are already building on this opportunity . The 86-room Alila Jabal Akhdar luxury hotel -- part of the wider Alila Group which operates throughout India and the Asia-Pacific region -- is one such company . Opened in May 2014 , the project is striving to meet the government 's vision of preserving the heritage of the region . "  The design and the architecture of this particular property was very much to make a very traditional Omani house concept using local materials , " says Jork Bosselaar , general manager of the Alila Jabal Akhdar . "  Elements of traditional welcomes will stay . We are collaborating with the local farmers to procure the produce and we are getting them involved in the economy . The heart and the soul and the character of the hotel are local people from the mountain who guide the guests into their communities , introducing them to the local customs , " Bosselaar adds . Tour guide Ali Al Abri is one of the natives keen to do just that . He says part of the appeal of Jabal Akhdar is the cooler climate it offers visitors compared to other parts of Oman . "  While we have high temperatures in cities around the country , we have really moderate temperature here , " Al Abri says . "  So the closest place in the region here to escape in 1 or 2 days would be the mountain . " The tourism ministry of Oman says that the number of tourists to the region has grown by 12 % in the past year alone . A similar rise is expected next year . And with a burgeoning new industry comes greater opportunity for the 10,000 people who call Jabal Akhdar home . Nasser Al Fahdi works at the front desk of The Sahab , the only other established hotel on the mountain right now . "  It is very important for me because if tourism opens for this mountain , it means more jobs will come for the people here . " Since the hotel opened in 2011 , Al Fahdi says room occupancy has risen by as much as 20 % . Next to The Sahab , construction work is underway for two more hotels , including one mammoth project that comes with a $ 50 million price tag . Such impressive developments are a far cry from the turmoil of yesteryear . But a priority for the future of this fertile desert oasis .	Oman is looking to open up its interior to tourists A number of luxury resorts have been opened or are in the works near Jabal Akhdar Western resort brands are among those interested in investing
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A huge mural greets visitors to the Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center in Boston . It 's a memorial to the building 's namesake , who died unexpectedly in 1993 . Hundreds of tiles are used to create the "  magic " mural at the Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center in Boston . A young Reggie Lewis , wearing his No. 35 Boston Celtics jersey , dominates the middle of the 11-foot-by-14-foot artwork . At the bottom left is a picture of him and his wife . To his right , the face of legendary Celtic Larry Bird . But as young men in sweats and sneakers make their way into the gym , something strange happens . The mural comes alive . The photo of a beaming Lewis in formal attire transforms into Lewis the basketball player , streaking down the court . Larry Bird 's picture morphs into that of another famous player , Robert Parrish . With each step , the mural transforms , representing the many scenes in one man 's life . Artist Rufus B. Seder calls these "  movies for a wall " Lifetiles . The Massachusetts artist invented the Lifetiles medium and is the only artist in the world using it . He has more than 30 Lifetiles installations around the globe . Watch a magic mural in action " At the Taiwan Aquarium , dolphins swim on the wall alongside awestruck children . Bucking broncos line the halls of the the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame in Fort Worth , Texas . Dancers spin and twirl along with passengers on luxury cruise ships in the south of France . And Seder calls the the South San Francisco , California , BART station his "  own personal gallery , " with more than 16 installations . Lifetiles do n't use electricity , moving parts or tricky lighting -- just an elaborate and painstaking process done out of Seder 's Eye Think Inc. studio near Boston . "  What I 'm after is trying to create an experience which totally takes you by surprise , " he said . Scanimation on the shelf If the technology you see in Lifetiles looks familiar , you might have caught something similar at a local bookstore . The popular children 's books "  Gallop ! " and "  Swing ! " were also written and illustrated by Seder . With a technique he calls scanimation , pictures in the books come alive as you flip the page . It 's a kids ' favorite that quite a few parents enjoy , too , based on sales numbers . "  Swing ! " and "  Gallop ! " are currently on The New York Times bestseller list . Seder originally used scanimation in greeting cards he sold at trade shows around the country . Then Workman Publishing came calling , asking Seder to develop a book based on the eye-catching technique . That 's when Seder caught lightning in a bottle . After several decades as a somewhat unknown artist , he found himself flying to China to teach the scanimation technique to book makers . Just a few years later , there are over 2 million copies of "  Gallop ! " in print in more than 13 languages . Still awed by their popularity , Seder said , "  I would 've been satisfied if a limited edition sold well . It totally blew my mind what happened . " Although his books ' success have gained Seder some newfound publicity , the Lifetiles are truly his life 's work . The relatively unknown and seemingly modern form of art is n't new at all . Seder 's been working on Lifetiles for more than 20 years , inspired by toys from the 1850s called zoetropes and an active imagination as a youngster . "  I started making movies when I was 12 years old , " he said , "  so I was always into motion pictures and especially into optical tricks and techniques that trick the eye . " How does it work ? As a viewer , you do n't have to learn how to see a Lifetile . It 's intuitive , and one immediately understands the concept . As you walk past the mural , it begins to move along with you . But the question that immediately comes to mind -- and the one Seder gets the most -- is , "  How does it work ? " "  The short answer is , it 's magic , " Seder said . "  The longer answer is , it 's like a flipbook . I 've taken all the pages from a flipbook and scrambled them all together , and I 've put them up on the wall and made them animate . " The lengthy process also requires attention to detail . Much like an animator , he creates a series of drawings on his computer . He then strips down each image into what becomes an indistinguishable picture made up of a series of vertical lines . This squiggly-lined image becomes the equivalent of a photo negative . The negative gets sandblasted onto a hand-cast glass tile made in Seder 's studio . The heavy , 8-inch-square glass tiles get painted , scraped , fired in a kiln and finally added piece by piece to a Lifetiles mural . Hundreds of these tiles work in harmony to create a huge moving image when displayed on a wall . Seder patented the painstaking technique but thinks most other artists would n't have his patience , even if they had his know-how . "  It 's not that I 've been playing my cards close to my vest , " he said . "  It 's just very difficult to do . " A Lifetiles installation , from conception to completion , can take up to a year to complete . It 's a labor of love he shares with others who walk by his "  magic " walls . "  I love to watch people react to the work . They do n't expect a wall to move , " he said . "  They 'll be walking down the hallway in a museum and walking outdoors through a zoo ... and suddenly they realize , ` Those dolphins are starting to move next to me ! How is that possible ? ' "	Lifetiles are murals , created without electricity or moving parts , that appear to move Rufus Seder is the inventor of Lifetiles and the only artist in the world using them His eye-catching Lifetiles installations can take over a year to make Seder also is the author of two bestselling books using similar technology
CNN  -- Richard St. Denis is the founder of World Access Project , a nonprofit that provides custom-fit wheelchairs and other mobility aids to people living with disabilities in rural Mexico . In addition to distributing the equipment and showing the recipients how to use it , St. Denis and his group offer sports clinics and events to keep people active . St. Denis , a veteran of the U.S. Air Force , credits sports with improving his life after he suffered a spinal-cord injury that left him paralyzed from the waist down . He was once a world-ranked athlete in wheelchair skiing . CNN 's Ebonne Ruffins recently spoke with St. Denis about how he and his group are helping people with disabilities benefit from athletics . Ebonne Ruffins : Why did you start including athletics in your group 's efforts ? Richard St. Denis : The first year , I came down to Mexico and gave a bunch of wheelchairs away , but not everybody used them . Some just sat in their wheelchairs , and they did n't know what to do with them . So I would teach them how to push them . But I realized they needed a lot more then just learning how to push their wheelchairs . So we started teaching them how to do wheelies , how to get around in grass , rough terrain . And then I started teaching them how to play sports : basketball and tennis , mainly . We wanted for them to be more active , to think of the wheelchair as not just something to sit in but something that would make their life better . Ruffins : How does the sports element of your program work ? St. Denis : We meet every Saturday morning to play tennis , and we have camps during the summer where able-bodied people and people with disabilities from the U.S. and Mexico participate in a number of sports tournaments . That 's always a lot of fun . They meet new friends , and they compete against each other . Outside of the camp setting , some of the players will also compete nationally . One of my students , Tito , is hoping to represent Mexico in the Pan American Games in tennis . Maybe we 'll even have some students in the Paralympics one day . Some of them are just really very good . But overall , for all the wheelchair recipients who become active in sports , I think it develops their self-esteem . When people compete in sports , they feel good about themselves . They think , "  If I can play sports , then maybe I can get a job , maybe I can get up out of the house , maybe I can become active . " Ruffins : How did you start competing in sports after your injury ? St. Denis : My injury was in 1976 , and in 1978 , I started playing sports . I started with basketball ; everybody  in a wheelchair  always starts with that . And then I got into some field sports : shot put , discus , javelin , road racing and track races like the 100-meter dash and 200-meter dash . About a year later , I decided to take up weightlifting . ... Because my legs do n't weigh anything , I would win my division -- and I was competing against able-bodied people ! I weighed 145 pounds , and I bench-pressed 335 pounds . I 've also competed in the Veterans Games for disabled veterans and participated in four marathons . I think my best time ever for a marathon was 2:01:30 . Ruffins : You have done it all . Do you have a favorite sport ? St. Denis : Snow skiing is my favorite sport , and tennis is second . What I love about snow skiing is just the independence . You can go as fast or as slow as you want without anyone holding you back . It 's complete liberty . I broke my back snow skiing , and in 1990 , I ranked third in the world in the downhill skiing event  for the disabled  . Read the full story on CNN Hero Richard St. Denis : Free wheelchairs give new life to rural Mexicans	Through his nonprofit , Richard St. Denis gives custom-fit wheelchairs to people in Mexico He also helps people learn their chairs and how to play sports in them He has found that playing wheelchair sports can boost one 's self-esteem Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- It was the best of times in 2004 , when attorney Dave Dineen graduated from Boston University School of Law and landed a job at a top Massachusetts corporate firm , Foley Hoag LLP . Attorney Dave Dineen at his new job at Greater Boston Legal Services . By 2007 , the National Association for Law Placement was reporting the most promising year in two decades . Nearly 92 percent of graduating attorneys were employed , and the median starting salary at private practices had increased by $ 13,000 -- to a total of $ 108,500 a year . But times have changed . In the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , the legal industry is taking an unprecedented beating from the sputtering economy and housing meltdown . Dineen , 37 , lost his job as layoffs and salary freezes have spiked at law firms across the country during the past three months . Rather than just hand out a severance package with the pink slip , Foley Hoag gave Dineen an option . He could work for Greater Boston Legal Services , a legal aid group serving people living in poverty . The firm agreed to pay Dineen about a quarter of his former salary for a year . Dineen , who needed to support his wife and a newborn daughter , accepted . "  This gave me a chance to do something different with my legal career , and help out people who generally do n't have access to public service , " said Dineen , who now works on foreclosure cases helping victims of predatory lending . Foley Hoag is among many megafirms across the country using the economic slump as an ideal time to lend a hand to cash-strapped public interest and legal aid firms . The massive corporate layoffs and program cuts could redirect thousands of young graduates and experienced attorneys from corporate firms into the public sector , legal experts say . Once insulated , law firms are shedding young and mid-career associates at extraordinary rates . This is especially true at large corporate firms that overestimated their growth and extended too many offers to associates last fall . White & Case LLP , a leading global firm with headquartes in New York , made a second round of cuts last week . In addition to about 70 associates laid off in November , the firm last week let go of another 400 people , including 200 attorneys . Other well-known firms such Heller Ehrman LLP and Thelen Reid & Priest LLP on the West Coast have gone bankrupt in recent months . At least 2,149 attorneys have been laid off in 2009 , bringing the total to 3,045 since January of last year , according Lawshucks.com , an industry Web site tracking the slump . Hundreds more associates set to start jobs this fall are bracing themselves for rescinded offers and deferred start dates . Some students are finding their summers wide open as law firms like Luce Forward , based in California , have canceled internship programs . Amid all this dark news , there might be a silver lining . It could transform the legal profession . "  There is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity coming out of a difficult situation , " said Esther Lardent , president of the Pro Bono Institute in Washington D.C. , who began discussions this month with at least 15 corporate firms nationwide about placing unemployed attorneys in public interest firms . The project will get under way in a few months , she said . Other firms have already encouraged attorneys to go into the public sector . Just last week , one of the largest firms in the country -- Morgan , Lewis & Bockius LLP , based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- announced it will pay deferred associates graduating in 2009 a $ 5,000 monthly stipend for one year if they secure a job in the public interest field . International law giants Latham & Watkins LLP and Orrick , Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP offered incoming associates who defer employement until October 2010 a $ 75,000 compensation package . While working in public service is n't mandatory for Latham & Watkins associates , the firm said there was a "  sincere hope " the deferred associates would "  use the intervening period to pursue a community service or other public advocacy projects of their choosing . " Such deferral plans can save the companies about $ 100,000 per associate , and law experts expect the list of firms enacting deferral programs to grow geometrically as the economy worsens . "  Firms are doing this to be flexible and regulate their labor force because there just is n't as much work anymore , " said James G. Leipold , executive director of the National Association for Law Placement . Corporate giants are also scrambling to find work for mid-level attorneys in the public sector . Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP , a major New York-based law firm , introduced a yearlong public service fellowship program this year that would pay current attorneys $ 60,000 a year to work in areas such as social service , community development or academia . The company hopes the program will alleviate "  significant budgetary constraints . " "  You are n't just throwing somebody out there , " said American Bar Association President Tommy Wells , who requested funding in President Obama 's stimulus package to help pay attorneys to work in the public sector .  The proposal was rejected . "  You 're meeting a real need in these tough times where you have more of a legal need and fewer resources , " Wells said . Encouraging laid-off and deferred attorneys to go into public service is filling a desperate need at public interest firms . Public interest and legal aid firms serving the underprivileged have long been under-funded and overwhelmed with cases even in a good economy . Tightened state budgets and a decline in donations have further stretched resources for the public interest firms , forcing them to make staff cuts at a time when demand for their services is greater than ever before . At Greater Boston Legal Services , the public interest firm where Dineen arrived in January , the effects of a sick economy are apparent . Robert Sable , the public interest firm 's executive director , has already reduced staff . The agency , which handles 15,000 matters a year , expects to make more staff reductions in the coming months because of a $ 2 million funding shortfall . "  We 're burning through our reserves right now , so it 's nice to have extra help , " said Sable , who is talking to another local corporate firm this week about taking in subsidized attorneys . Some attorneys and law students worry that paying corporate attorneys to work in public interest firms may displace those who actually wanted to work in the public sector in the first place . Jocelyn E. Getgen , who works with students at Cornell Law School , said strained legal aid organizations and nonprofits will want to take in the "  free " labor . Nevertheless , there is little doubt that the economic free-fall is changing the ways current attorneys -- and a new generation of young attorneys -- view the field . Traditionally , law students have equated best jobs with highest-paying jobs , career counselors say . Students saddled with hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt find themselves pressured to work at large firms that will pay enough to cover the bills , said Tricia McGrath , a director at Lateral Link Group LLC , a job placement agency for lawyers . Many times , going into the public sector is n't even an option , she said . "  Everyone has to rethink all the old models that we believed in , the model where you go to school and then a big firm , " said McGrath , who graduated from Fordham University School of Law School in 1998 , a time when law jobs were abundant . Even students at top law schools are finding that their offers have been rescinded . At Harvard Law School , Mark Weber , assistant dean for career services , said he has been working with a handful of students whose job offers have been deferred . "  It can be a tremendous opportunity for the student to take that year and try something entirely different , " Weber said . "  Hopefully within a year , the economic picture will do better . " After not receiving a corporate firm job offer in the downtrodden industry , Scott Greenwood , set to graduate this spring from the University of Southern California 's Gould School of Law , will instead work for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development . "  I can see what it 's like to work for a regulatory agency , and that 's a different expertise that attorneys do n't always get to have , " said Greenwood , who will begin working in Washington , D.C. , this August . "  I 've been thinking about it as a blessing in disguise . "	At least 2,149 attorneys have been laid off in 2009 , according to Lawshucks.com Private firms are trying to place unemployed attorneys in public interest firms One firm will pay deferred associates $ 60,000 a year to work in the public sector Harvard Law School assistant dean : Tough times can be "  tremendous opportunity "
San Diego  CNN  -- It used to be that our elected officials could be counted on to pull us out of our comfort zones with creative and provocative statements on the critical issues of our time . They would challenge us and force us to think deeply and defend our beliefs . Not anymore . That sort of loose talk can alienate folks and cost you campaign contributions . So today , that role of political provocateur is filled by , of all things , Super Bowl commercials . The most controversial and important advertisement for this year 's championship game is not that multilingual Coca-Cola ad that everyone is talking about , the one that caused so much needless angst in the culture wars and has nativists threatening to boycott the soft drink maker . The more significant , and more troubling , spot in this year 's assortment of Super Bowl ads did n't use multiculturalism to sell soda . It used protectionism -- along with patriotic references to "  American pride " -- to sell cars . Specifically , the idea was to sell cars made in the United States and , even more to the point , cars made in Detroit by Chrysler . The commercial veered off into the surreal when it cast Bob Dylan as an anti-globalist . Channeling the kind of small-minded protectionism you heard from union leaders during the debate over the North American Free Trade Agreement , a voice urges you to support the home team and buy American . "  Detroit made cars , " the narrator says , "  and cars made America . " Dismissing foreign imports , he says , "  you ca n't import the heart and soul of every man and woman working on the line . " So "  import " is a dirty word ? Well , maybe not . The car featured in the commercial is the Chrysler 200 , which is being billed as "  America 's import . " What in the world does that mean ? How do you "  import " something that is made in America ? This could be a case of Chrysler trying to be too cute . The company knows that -- from handbags to shoes to wines -- imports are popular . So it 's trying to use the popularity of that word to package its car as a domestic import ? What a paradox . The secret ingredient behind all this workmanship ? "  American pride . " Yet here is the question that the commercial does n't answer . Is this American pride an asset , or a liability ? That is , a good thing or a bad thing ? The message is that American pride is undeniably good because it gives one the satisfaction that comes from crafting a fine automobile . Still , the truth is that it has a bad side as well . It 's that pride -- the sense that we 're better than everyone else -- gets in the way of competing with the rest of the world . We think we 're entitled to make cars for as long as like , and at the wages that we demand and deserve . Why ? Because we 're Americans , and we 're proud -- too proud to settle for less . Finally , as Dylan walks into a pool hall -- radiating cool -- his apparent voice-over goes in for the kill . "  Let Germany brew your beer , " he says . "  Let Switzerland make your watch . Let Asia assemble your phone . We will build your car . " The spot seemed like a union-produced video designed to recruit new members . Not that the commercial was n't well made . It was . But it was still a bad idea , and it conveyed a potentially harmful message . Millions of Americans tune in to watch the Super Bowl . We need our countrymen to understand that no jobs are marked "  reserved , " just for them , like tables in a restaurant . They have to compete in the global marketplace . It does n't help them to try to close off foreign competition . Ironically , the people who run Chrysler -- or rather used to run it -- understand this principle well . You see , the company was recently sold to the Italian carmaker Fiat . When the company went up for sale , the original owners could have insisted that the buyer be American . You know , American pride and all that . But it did n't . Instead , company officials entertained offers from abroad ; in fact , you could say that the owners "  imported " prospective buyers . And when a deal was finally struck , the sale went to a foreign company . How about that ? The United Auto Workers union owned 41.46 % of Chrysler , a stake that Fiat recently agreed to buy . So while the union extols the virtue of U.S. labor , it has no qualms about accepting money from abroad . When they put up a "  For Sale " sign , the former owners of Chrysler looked all over the world for the best deal . And now that it 's under new management , the company wants to discourage car buyers from doing the same . That 's wrong . And it 's going to take more than a slick ad to make it look right . But one part of the commercial rings true , and it takes us back to Dylan . It turns out that maybe casting the iconic musician in this role was n't a stretch after all . Music writers and others who have followed his career in recent years have detected , as early as 2006 , a growing opposition to globalization , or at least an unease about its effects on U.S. workers . So it 's silly for some people to be talking about how Dylan "  sold out " by making this commercial . He did n't . He is where he 's long been on this issue . It 's just that Chrysler finally caught up to him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Super Bowl ads fill void of officials refusing to be provocative Navarrette : Bob Dylan 's ad for Chrysler promotes wrongheaded protectionism No jobs in today 's global market are "  reserved ' for Americans , Navarrette says He says Chrysler is hypocritical since it 's now owned by Italian carmaker Fiat
CNN  -- It was on the pages of newspapers and in the coveted aisle seat on television 's "  At the Movies " that the world met Roger Ebert , the passionate lover and sometimes combative critic of film who virtually defined cinema critique for a generation . But in his final years , when cancer had robbed him of his jawbone and whittled away his once ample frame , it was social media , particularly Twitter , that let Ebert not only keep talking , but also interact with his fans , and foes , more freely and personally than ever . "  Twitter for me performs the function of a running conversation , " Ebert wrote in June 2010 , about eight months after he signed up for the site and five years after losing his vocal chords and part of his lower jaw to thyroid and salivary gland cancer . "  For someone who can not speak , it allows a way to unload my zingers and one-liners . " He wrote that he 'd sworn never to become a "  Twit " -- that he 'd been sure nothing worthwhile could be communicated in 140 characters . But , in its way , the site , with its fast-paced microbursts of info , was perfect for a man who had never shied away from snark , whether arguing with professional foil Gene Siskel or ripping gashes into "  Freddy Got Fingered " or "  The Brown Bunny . " "  Twitter is now a part of my daystream , " Ebert wrote . "  I check in first thing every morning , and return at least once an hour until bedtime . I 'm offline , of course , during movies , and do n't even usually take my iPhone . The only tweeting I 've done with mobile devices was when our Internet went down one day , and when my laptop was lost in Cannes . But you can be sure that before I write the next three paragraphs I will tweet something . " If Twitter was made for Ebert , Ebert was , in the end , made for Twitter . "  Roger really understood social media , " said Christina Warren , senior tech analyst with Mashable , a CNN content partner . "  He instinctively ` got it ' . " Remembering Roger Ebert : Tweets pour in Forget the need to continue the long-form journalism that won Ebert a Pulitzer Prize . He had his blog , and his Chicago Sun-Times column , for that . Twitter was where Ebert continued talking about movies , politics , life and the universe the same way he 'd once done over mugs of beer at his beloved Chicago ale houses . He had more than 840,000 Twitter followers . But while many Twitter users with a dose of celebrity use the site as a self-promotional megaphone , for Ebert it was a two-way radio . "  The best part about the way Ebert used Twitter was that it was n't just a one-way conversation , " Warren said . "  He would debate and argue with his followers . That sort of true interaction is really rare for someone of his stature and celebrity . ... It was a new way to really engage with the community -- and even with new fans -- in a way that was more immediate and more instantaneous . " In the hours after his death became public Thursday , Twitter users recalled their interactions with him on the site . Movie questions he 'd answered . Direct messages he would send to compliment a tweet he enjoyed . Even heated debates they 'd engaged in , 140 characters at a time . Opinion : What the Internet owes to Roger Ebert Freed largely from the "  old media " standard of public impartiality , Ebert mixed it up lustily at times on topics ranging from video games to politics . He was a harsh critic of vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin and the tea party movement , which he decried as a phony cause ginned up by political operatives to manipulate voters . It was that back-and-forth that displayed the Web 's ugly side . From dark , often anonymous perches behind their computer screens , trolls responded to Ebert 's opinions with hateful mockery of his disease and the toll it had taken upon him . "  I mean honestly . How many pieces need to fall off @ebertchicago before he gets the hint to shut the -- up ? " one blogger tweeted . It was part of a nasty string of tweets after Ebert criticized some California high-school students who pointedly wore U.S. flag T-shirts to school on Cinco de Mayo . "  You know , @ebertchicago , I 'm not as expert on flag etiquette as you , " went another . "  Tell me , which do I fly when you die of cancer ? " The man who penned the scripts for the bawdy Russ Meyer exploitation flicks "  Beyond the Valley of the Dolls " and "  Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens " could no doubt have gone slur-for-slur with them . Instead , he responded with the sort of surprising grace that had always accompanied his brusquer moments . "  Dear TeePee Tweeters making fun of my cancer : You want ugly ? " he wrote , using his own tea party shorthand . "  For that , you have to look at a mind , not a face . " The social-media voice he developed was , in a way , a natural evolution for Ebert . An early investor in Google , Ebert took his work to the Internet much sooner than many of his traditional-media counterparts , scoring a Webby Award along the way . But in a TED talk in 2011 , Ebert acknowledged that the full impact of technology did n't fully register on him until his cancer fight began . "  It makes me incredibly fortunate to live at this moment in history ... , " Ebert said as the words he typed on a Macbook were broadcast via a text-to-speech app . "  We live in the age of the internet , which seems to be creating a form of global consciousness . And because of it , I can communicate as well as I ever could . " He added , "  For me , the Internet began as a useful tool and now has become something I rely on for my actual daily existence . ... I feel as if my blog , my e-mail , Twitter and Facebook have given me a substitute for everyday conversation . " It served him well to the end . Ebert 's final tweet , sent Wednesday , was a link to a blog post announcing that he 'd be stepping back from some duties ... taking a "  leave of presence , " as he put it . The final words of that post ? "  Thank you for going on this journey with me . I 'll see you at the movies . "	When cancer stole his ability to speak , Roger Ebert went to Twitter for "  zingers and one-liners " Analyst says Ebert naturally understood the back-and-forth nature of social media He talked movies , but also debated issues from politics to religion on the site Ebert felt "  incredibly fortunate " to live in the Internet age in his final years
Raw milk from Utah has sickened 45 people , according to the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food . The cases of campylobacteriosis have been linked to raw milk or cream purchased at Ropelato Dairy in Weber County , the department said in a statement Tuesday . Most of the infections occurred in people from Utah counties , though two were out-of-state residents from California and Idaho . Inspectors suspended the dairy 's license to sell raw milk on August 4 , after samples taken at the farm tested positive for campylobacter bacteria . "  What we 've discovered is that an employee had not been thoroughly cleaning the udders of the cows , " Larry Lewis with the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food told CNN affiliate KSL . "  That is introducing contamination , manure and feces that are in that area into the milk , which is a major problem . " Campylobacteriosis is a common bacterial infection that causes diarrhea , abdominal pain and fever , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Experts estimate it affects over 1.3 million Americans every year , with more cases happening during the summer months . The illness typically lasts around a week , though some people with the bacteria do n't experience any symptoms at all . Most patients recover without treatment . People with weakened immune systems , such as infants or the elderly , are most at risk for a serious infection . "  In some severe cases , illness can lead to complications , including paralysis and death , " Utah epidemiologist Kenneth Davis said . "  If you have recently consumed raw milk and are experiencing any of these symptoms , contact your health care provider . " Campylobacteriosis is generally associated with consuming raw or undercooked poultry or dairy products , according to the CDC . "  Unpasteurized milk can become contaminated if the cow has an infection with Campylobacter in her udder or if the milk is contaminated with manure , " the health agency 's site states . Since 2009 , there have been 14 documented outbreaks of campylobacteriosis associated with raw milk in Utah , according to the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food , with more than 200 people becoming ill . Raw milk is milk that has not been pasteurized , or heated briefly , to kill harmful bacteria like salmonella , E. coli and campylobacter . Heat can affect a few of the vitamins -- thiamine , vitamin B12 and vitamin C -- that are found in milk , according to the CDC , but it "  does not significantly change the nutritional value . " The U.S Food and Drug Administration warns consumers against drinking raw milk or eating dairy products made with raw milk . "  Many people believe that foods with no or minimal processing are better for their health , " the CDC says . "  Many people also believe that small , local farms are better sources of healthy food . However , some types of processing are needed to protect health . "	45 campylobacteriosis cases have been linked to raw milk from a Utah dairy farm Inspectors suspended dairy 's license to sell raw milk on August 4 Campylobacteriosis is a common bacterial infection that causes diarrhea
CNN  -- European leaders are meeting to attempt to resolve the debt crisis in Greece and prevent it infecting other countries -- an outcome that could potentially tear apart the 17-member eurozone and lead to another global economic slump . So what can they hope to achieve , what 's behind the crisis and how serious is it ? Who is meeting and why ? Eurozone leaders are gathering in Brussels , including French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel . They are meeting to discuss ways to bring Greece 's spiraling debt problem under control , chiefly through a multi-billion dollar bailout package . They are also addressing concerns that Greece 's woes could infect other eurozone countries . Why is Greece in trouble ? Years of unrestrained spending , cheap lending and a failure to implement financial reforms left Greece badly exposed when the global economic downturn struck . This revealed partly-fiddled statistics that showed debt levels and deficits exceeded eurozone limits . As the dust settled , it emerged that Greece is teetering on the brink of default as it faces debts of about $ 500 billion . It has become reliant on international funds to make repayments . How bad is it ? Bad enough to warrant an initial $ 145 billion bail out last year . Now , with the crisis showing no sign of abating , another multi-billion dollar bail out is in on the table . The initial package assumed Greece would eventually be able to borrow again from the open market , but high lending rates mean this has been impossible and a second rescue is needed . This , however , will only be forthcoming if European leaders can agree on terms . Why is the rest of Europe worried ? Greece 's woes reflect badly on the credibility of the euro . A default from Greece is also bound to rekindle fears of possible defaults by other bailed-out euro nations , like Portugal and Ireland , and re-ignite the debate on whether the eurozone can survive . See a map of Europe 's debt levels This could knock the whole bloc into the red , affecting the global economy . And if European countries continue to resort to rescue packages involving bodies such as the International Monetary Fund , this would further damage the euro 's reputation and could lead to a substantial fall against other key currencies , especially the U.S. dollar . Why is the second bailout package a problem ? The eurozone 's leading economy Germany has been at loggerheads with the rest of Europe over how Greece should repay its spiraling debt . Germany has been pushing for a "  soft restructuring " of Greece 's loans -- a move that would make private investors share the burden -- but the European Central Bank has warned any compulsory restructuring could lead to a broader crisis . Talks between finance ministers have until now failed to reach consensus , resulting in the latest summit between eurozone leaders . Can a deal be reached ? Early indications are favorable . Sarkozy and Merkel -- arguably the two most influential participants -- have reportedly thrashed out a possible solution ahead of the summit . Details are n't clear but the Financial Times says they have already run the plan past European Union President Herman van Rompuy and Jean-Claude Trichet , the president of the European Central Bank . That said , many European leaders involved in the talks will be wary of agreeing to anything that commits them to using public cash to fund the bailouts . Some are also likely to argue that any deal reached now can only be palliative , failing to stop the crisis spreading at a later date . What are the likely solutions ? There are several possibilities . The most basic fix would see a reduction in interest payments made by Greece on earlier rescue loans and a fresh bailout of about $ 150 billion to plug impending holes in the Greek economy . Another option is a rollover of debt -- which would buy time , but not solve the problem . There is also talk of a controversial $ 42 billion tax on banks . This would raise bailout money without putting a strain on the public purse , but would involve a major legal shake up across the eurozone . Also up for discussion is a $ 628 billion expansion of eurozone crisis funds to deal with further problems . What if no deal is reached ? The doomday scenario sees a dramatic slide in confidence as investors retreat from European financial markets . This pushes up the cost of borrowing across the region , triggering new fears about the threat of debt crises in Spain and Italy . This begins to drag on countries with debt exposure to Spain and Italy . Eventually , the whole eurozone could be pushed the brink , generating financial shockwaves across the world that will herald a new global economic slump . What is Greece doing to help itself ? To be fair , Greece is n't standing idly by . It has already imposed hugely unpopular austerity measures against an explosive backdrop of public discontent . It is also taking drastic steps to ease its debt burden by selling off numerous assets . It is looking at an extensive privatization program that could see it unload prized assets including stakes in banks , railways , utility firms , ports and the postal service . There is also a plan to offload Hellenikon , Athens ' former international airport . Other measures include floating Olympic and tourism property assets on the stock exchange and issuing gaming licenses . The target is to raise about $ 71 billion by 2015 .	European leaders are meeting in Brussels to try to solve Greece 's economic crisis France 's Sarkozy and Germany 's Merkel have reportedly thrashed out a plan ahead of summit Any deal will have to address threat of Europe-wide contagion leading to global financial slump
CNN  -- A small plane crashed Friday near an Ohio-area high school during a football scrimmage . Spectators at a high school football scrimmage watch as a plane goes down Friday in Ohio . Spectators at a practice game at Harrison High School watched from the bleachers as the plane went down at 8:08 p.m. ET , said police officer Jennifer Coyle , who witnessed the incident . Two people on the plane died at the crash scene , authorities said . According to CNN affiliate WLWT , witnesses said the plane was heading toward the football field when it suddenly dropped , crashing in a gravel pit near the school . "  It looked like he was going straight for the boys on the field , but then just did a straight nosedive , " Mindy Brinson told WLWT . It is not yet known what caused the plane to crash . Harrison is in the southwest corner of Ohio . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Plane crashes near football scrimmage at Ohio high school Witness says plane was headed toward field when it did a sudden nosedive Two people on board died in the crash , authorities say
CNN  -- The fight boxing fans have long been clamoring for has moved a step closer , with undefeated Floyd Mayweather challenging Manny Pacquiao to a showdown on May 5 -- but will it happen ? Hopes of the much-anticipated bout dimmed in December when Mayweather , the WBC welterweight champion , was sentenced to a 90-day prison term after being found guilty of domestic violence . However , a Nevada judge ruled last week that the American , who has won all 42 of his professional fights  26 by knockout  , could delay reporting to jail until June because he had already lined up a fight in May . And now the 34-year-old has revealed he wants his opponent to be the Philippines ' WBO champion -- his longtime rival for the title of best pound-for-pound boxer , and a man he failed to agree a deal with in 2010 after insisting on Olympic-style pre-bout blood testing . Mayweather chose micro-blogging website Twitter to issue his challenge . "  Manny Pacquiao I 'm calling you out let 's fight May 5th and give the world what they want to see , " he wrote on Tuesday . "  My jail sentence was pushed back because the date was locked in . Step up punk . " However , Pacquiao -- who retained his WBO title in his third meeting with Juan Manuel Marquez in November -- issued a statement via his website saying he does not want to fight on that date . "  Manny Pacquiao wants to make it clear the fight can happen at the end of May -- Manny wants Floyd to release his grip on May 5th , so the fight can happen for the fans , " Wednesday 's statement read . Pacquiao has an impressive record , with 54 wins from 59 bouts -- 38 by knockout -- plus three losses and two draws . He is the first man in the sport 's history to have won world titles in eight weight divisions . The 33-year-old is rated by Ring Magazine as the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world , with Mayweather second on the 10-man list following September 's knockout win over compatriot Victor Ortiz in Las Vegas . Pacquiao has also launched a successful political career and was elected into the Philippine House of Representatives in June 2010 .	Floyd Mayweather has challenged Manny Pacquiao to a fight on May 5 Mayweather was sentenced to three months in jail for domestic violence in December The American received permission to delay reporting to jail in order to fight in May But Pacquiao says he would prefer to finally face his rival at the end of the month
CNN  -- The pictures of Tokuyoshi Takahashi 's fish processing factory in northeastern Japan taken after March 11 , 2011 illustrate just how destructive the tsunami was . A ship was swept on to land by the giant wave and left stranded against the front of the factory , while entire sections of wall collapsed , leaving twisted metal and debris protruding from inside . Takahashi estimated the catastrophe caused US$ 19 million worth of damage to his business , Takatoku , which processes fish for major supermarket chains across Japan . He was forced to lay off all of his 120 employees . "  I set a goal right after the quake , " he said . "  All the staff would be back by January 1 . " iReport : Share your stories about last year 's disaster Three months after that deadline and he 's almost there . Seventy are now back at work and he expects that number to rise to 100 by March . Though he 's found many of his old employees , some have left the city all together to find work elsewhere . Takahashi is one of a small group of businessman determined to rebuild Ishinomaki , a city of around 150,000 on the coast of northeastern Japan . The tsunami caused widespread damage here , knocking down homes and wiping out the fishing port and processing factories that account for 30 % of the jobs in the city . With no jobs and no homes , many have left for bigger cities like Sendai or Tokyo . The survival of the fishing industry here is deeply intertwined with that of the city itself . A year on and progress has been slow . Kunio Suno , president of the Ishinomaki Fish Market is one of city 's most determined champions , spearheading the effort to create a newer and better port . He says fishing volumes are still at just a fifth of what they were before March 11 , and fisherman have nowhere to sell their catch without the processing plants . His biggest frustration is with the pace of the recovery . The national government insists on following the normal -- but lengthy -- approval process for the rebuilding plans , rather than fast-tracking proposals as an emergency case . "  There is a huge gap between our feelings and those of Tokyo , " he said . Only two weeks ago Ishinomaki 's local government announced plans to rebuild the fishing industry at a cost US$ 1.5 billion , including support for small and medium fish processing plants . It will take three year to complete . Suno 's vision for the fish market is even more ambitious . He wants to expand beyond the commercial auction and add restaurants to attract tourists , like similar sites in Sydney and Seattle . As for the processing plants , Takahashi believes only two of his competitors are back in full operation . He says others have struggled to raise capital or to rebuild the land under their factories , which sunk a meter in the disaster . His hope is that Ishinomaki can attract investors to the rebuilding process so that people can be convinced to move back . For Suno , convincing people to stay and work in Ishinomaki is about more than saving the city he 's lived in for twenty years . It is less about money and more about saving a way of life . "  If this industry is gone , people will have to go to Tokyo and they will be without a true home , " he said .	Ishinomaki was just one of many Japanese towns hit hard by last year 's earthquake and tsunami Tokuyoshi Takahashi was forced to lay off the 120 staff at his fish processing factory But Takahashi is one of a small group of businessman determined to rebuild the city of 150,000 They are trying to attract investment in rebuilding to lure back residents who left the town
CNN  In an audio message purportedly from an ISIS spokesman , the group announced that a pledge of allegiance from Nigerian-based Boko Haram has been accepted by ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . The 28-minute message , which can not be independently authenticated by CNN , was posted online by ISIS supporters . The message says that the caliphate , or Islamic State , has expanded to western Africa and congratulated "  our jihadi brothers " there . The spokesman , Abu Mohammed al Adnani , encourages people to join fighters in Africa if they can not make it to Iraq or Syria . Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , announced in an audio message last week that the Islamist terror group was going to ally with ISIS . Jacob Zenn , a terror expert who lives in Nigeria , told CNN on Saturday the alliance would make sense for both groups . "  Boko Haram will get legitimacy , which will help its recruiting , funding and logistics as it expands , " Zenn said . "  It will also get guidance from ISIS in media warfare and propaganda . Previously Boko Haram was a sort of outcast in the global Jihadi community . Now it is perhaps ISIS 's biggest affiliate . "  ISIS gets more international legitimacy as a global caliphate . " Boko Haram , whose name translates as "  Western education is sin , " has been waging a yearslong campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of Sharia law . Boko Haram 's tactics have intensified in recent years , from battling Nigerian government soldiers to acts disproportionately affecting civilians -- such as raids on villages , mass kidnappings , assassinations , market bombings and attacks on churches and unaffiliated mosques . Much of this violence has taken place in Nigeria . But neighboring countries , such as Cameroon and Chad , have also been hit increasingly hard . What Boko Haram 's pledge of allegiance to ISIS means CNN 's Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	Spokesman encourages potential fighters to go to Africa if they can not get to Iraq or Syria Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's spokesman congratulated "  our jihadi brothers " in western Africa Boko Haram 's leader had extended his pledge to be an ally in an audio message last week
Windsor , England  CNN  -- The remains of a swan have been found barbecued near Queen Elizabeth II 's castle in Windsor , police said . By law , all unmarked mute swans in England and Wales belong to the queen . The swan had been killed and burned over the weekend , Thames Valley Police said . Its remains were found Sunday by a local council officer , who contacted police . The incident is being investigated as a theft , a police statement said . Anyone with information is urged to get in touch . Wendy Hermon , of the charity Swan Lifeline , told CNN of her disgust and puzzlement at the crime . "  It 's an act of vandalism which should n't happen , " she said . "  The most sickening thing about all this is the swans will go to people because they think they are going to feed them . ... I always say they are semidomestic because they trust us , so it 's going into a trap . " The majestic white birds are a fairly common sight on the River Thames , which flows past Windsor and on to London . According to the official website of the British monarchy , all mute swans have belonged to the Crown since the 12th century , when they were regarded as a delicacy and eaten at banquets . "  Today , the Crown retains the right to ownership of all unmarked mute swans in open water , but the queen only exercises her ownership on certain stretches of the Thames and its surrounding tributaries , " it says . Each year , a census is carried out of the swans on stretches of the Thames in the counties of Middlesex , Surrey , Buckinghamshire , Berkshire and Oxfordshire , it says . This practice is known as swan upping . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne reported from Windsor , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Police say a swan was found killed and burned over the weekend All mute swans in England and Wales belong to Queen Elizabeth II "  It 's an act of vandalism which should n't happen , " says swan charity worker
CNN  -- President Barack Obama defended his proposed education spending increases Friday , telling an audience of students and teachers in Florida that such investments are necessary to spur future economic growth . "  If we want more good news on the jobs front , then we need to make more investments in education , " Obama said . "  I am not willing to give up on any child in America . ... I do not accept failure . " Obama 's proposed budget for fiscal year 2012 includes an 11 % hike in federal education spending , to more than $ 77 billion . Republican congressional leaders are seeking to reduce federal spending on education , with many arguing it should be primarily a state and local concern . Among other things , the administration has made a pledge to prepare an additional 100,000 science , technology , math and engineering teachers by the end of the decade . The White House also is pushing to make permanent the American Opportunity Tax Credit , which is worth up to $ 10,000 for four years of college . Seeking a political middle ground , Obama has also stressed the need for reform and , more specifically , the need to remove poorly performing teachers and school administrators . He continued to do so Friday , calling the status quo "  unacceptable . " At the same time , however , the president also appeared to criticize at Republicans such as Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who is trying to strip teachers and other public sector workers of the bulk of their collective bargaining rights . Teachers are "  feeling beat up " right now , Obama said . "  I want to be very clear here . We are proud of what  teachers  do each and every day . We need to honor teachers . " The president appeared with Education Secretary Arne Duncan and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , a Republican , at Miami Central Senior High School -- a previously underperforming school which has improved in recent years . The turnaround , Obama stressed , was done by implementing a reform plan in cooperation with the local teachers union . White House officials noted that the school was awarded nearly $ 785,000 in federal School Improvement Grant funds to help finance its turnaround plan . Obama has asked Congress for $ 900 million for a new round in the Race to the Top competition , which rewards states and localities that meet the administration 's standards for educational innovation and outcomes .	Obama says more education spending is needed to spur future economic growth Obama reiterates his call for reform , but also praises teachers The president appeared with former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush at a high school in Miami
CNN  -- William Adolfo Cortez -- the man suspected in four homicides in Panama , including the death of one American -- and his wife were arrested in Nicaragua on Monday , a Costa Rican official told CNN . The arrest was the conclusion of an international manhunt for the couple , whose nationality remained unconfirmed by authorities . Cortez and his wife , Jane , were on the run since the body of Cher Hughes , a native of suburban St. Louis , Missouri , was found last week on his property in Panama . The couple fled Panama to the north , traversed through Costa Rica , and were caught as they crossed the San Juan River , which acts as the boundary between Nicaragua and Costa Rica , Costa Rican Vice Minister of Public Security Jorge Chavarria said . Cortez and his wife boarded a boat and then threw the boat 's driver overboard , commandeering the vessel for themselves , Chavarria said . The Nicaraguan army stopped them as they tried to enter the country . The couple was in Nicaraguan custody and was transported to a facility known as El Castillo , the vice minister said . The pair face charges of stealing a boat , but an international murder warrant out for the couple is expected to result in extradition to Panama , Chavarria said . Cortez could be American or Dutch , according to local reports , but his true nation of origin remained unconfirmed . Hughes , who was in her early 50s , was found in a shallow grave . A second body -- which has not yet been officially identified -- was found near Hughes . Panama police said they believed that Cortez 's motive was to take his alleged victims ' property . Hughes had lived in St. Petersburg , Florida , where she owned a neon sign business , before moving to Panama . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	William Cortez is wanted on murder charges in Panama He and his wife were caught on the border between Nicaragua and Costa Rica Cortez commandeered a boat to try to make it to Nicaragua The Nicaraguan army made the arrest
A Florida A&M University drum major who died after enduring a school hazing ritual aboard a bus decided to go through with the rite in order to earn respect , band members said in court documents released Wednesday . "  It 's like a respect thing , " said defendant Jonathan Boyce , who noted that Robert Champion "  was wanting to do it all season . " Champion , 26 , died last year because of "  hemorrhagic shock due to soft tissue hemorrhage , due to blunt force trauma , " the Orange County medical examiner said . More than 2,000 pages of police interviews with witnesses and defendants who were aboard the bus on the day of Champion 's death paint a picture of a darkened bus where three band members , including Champion , were hazed . Multiple witnesses say that Champion was forced to walk , shirtless , from the front of the bus to the back while being beaten with drum sticks , bass drum mallets , punches and kicks . Champion is thought to have died after taking part in a rite of passage called "  Crossing Bus C , " in which students "  walk from the front of the bus to the back of the bus backward while the bus is full of other band members . " Florida A&M band fraternity charter revoked after hazing investigation "  You get beaten until you get to the back , " one band member said on the condition of anonymity . But Champion 's parents said Wednesday that their son had advocated against hazing . "  It does n't sound like my son at all , " Pam Champion told reporters at a news conference in Atlanta . "  He was a stickler for the rules . " Boyce and other defendants are only trying to "  save themselves , " she said , by claiming that Champion wanted to participate in the ritual . "  It certainly was n't  just  hazing , " she added , describing the incident as a "  brutal assault . " As for the future of FAMU 's Marching 100 , Pam Champion said , "  Until you clean house , you ca n't ... consider putting that band back on the field . " After the incident , Boyce said he asked Champion if he was alright . Initially , he said "  yeah I 'm OK , " according to Boyce . But later , he said Champion began panicking . "  He was having trouble breathing , " noted Boyce , who carried the drum major shortly before he lost consciousness . "  He could n't see , but his eyes were like wide open . " Boyce 's attorney could not be immediately reached for comment and CNN can not independently verify his account . Band member Harold Finley , who has been charged in connection with Champion 's death , and Evan Calhoun , then a second-year percussion student who has not been charged , noted that the hazing ritual was n't obligatory . "  If you want to be there , you 're there ; if you 're not , you 're not , " Calhoun said in the deposition . "  Nobody forces you . " Band member Kerian Cox , who was a percussion section leader , told investigators that the more intense hazing can come when a student is identified for senior-level positions . "  I guess they know I was going to be like a  band  leader in the future , " Cox said , recalling his own earlier experience with the ritual . But he noted that the band 's trombone section had been "  cut in half " due to suspensions for alleged hazing prior to the November incident . On the day that Champion died , drum major Keon Hollis told investigators , he had endured the same ritual . "  I did it for the same reasons everybody else do it , " he said . "  Get the respect . " Hollis -- who went before Champion -- said they had to fight their way through a fury of punches and slaps , while other band members swung with sticks and straps . "  Robert  really did n't want to do it , but he was kind of like , I 'm just going to do it , " said Hollis . "  You know , I told him , I said , if you do n't want to do it , do n't do it . " Hollis said Champion seemed fine immediately after the ritual . "  He was fine . ... He asked me , he 's like , ` man , I need something to drink . ' And I had a bottle of water and I gave it to him , " Hollis said in an audio interview with investigators released Wednesday . Soon afterward , Champion began having trouble breathing , according to witnesses and police reports . "  He was sitting on the bus at the steps . ... He said he ca n't breathe , so I checked him , " said band member Darryl Cearnel , who is not charged in the case . "  He was n't saying anything . He was n't responsive or anything . They was calling his name and  he  was n't saying anything . " Cearnel told investigators that he performed CPR until paramedics arrived . The medical examiner who conducted the autopsy ruled the death a homicide . The autopsy found "  extensive contusions of  Champion 's  chest , arms , shoulder and back , " as well as "  evidence of crushing of areas of subcutaneous fat , " the fatty tissue directly under the skin . He did not have any bone fractures or injuries to his internal organs . There was also no any evidence of "  natural disease except for a slightly enlarged heart , " nor did toxicology tests reveal signs of drugs or alcohol . Four students were expelled from the school , and another 30 were dismissed from the band soon after Champion 's death . Florida files charges in death of FAMU drum major , hazing of 2 others A law enforcement investigation resulted in charges being brought against 13 people . Eleven individuals each face one count of third-degree felony hazing resulting in death . Each one also is accused of two counts of first-degree misdemeanor hazing . State law provides a prison term of up to six years for those facing the more serious charges . Two people each face a single count of misdemeanor first-degree hazing . Sentences in such cases typically call for up to a year in jail . Champion 's death brought renewed public scrutiny to hazing , a practice that some say has gone on for years . Other band members had come forward previously with allegations of hazing and some had been hospitalized for injuries allegedly suffered in the practice . FAMU said it has taken steps to eradicate the problem , and after Champion died the university 's board of trustees approved an anti-hazing plan that includes an independent panel of experts to investigate hazing allegations .	Witnesses claim Robert Champion was forced to walk shirtless while he was beaten on the bus Champion seemed fine , then said he had trouble breathing , one witness says Champion 's parents say their son advocated against hazing Robert Champion died of "  shock due to soft tissue hemorrhage , due to blunt force trauma "
March 10 , 2015 We 're truly international in scope on Tuesday . We 're visiting Italy , Russia , the United Arab Emirates , and the Himalayan Mountains . Find out who 's attempting to circumnavigate the globe in a plane powered partially by the sun , and explore the mysterious appearance of craters in northern Asia . You 'll also get a view of Mount Everest that was previously reserved for climbers . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Every day , five U.S. soldiers try to kill themselves . Before the Iraq war began , that figure was less than one suicide attempt a day . A U.S. soldier patrols the streets of Baghdad in January . The dramatic increase is revealed in new U.S. Army figures , which show 2,100 soldiers tried to commit suicide in 2007 . "  Suicide attempts are rising and have risen over the last five years , " said Col. Elspeth Cameron-Ritchie , an Army psychiatrist . Concern over the rate of suicide attempts prompted Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , to introduce legislation Thursday to improve the military 's suicide-prevention programs . "  Our troops and their families are under unprecedented levels of stress due to the pace and frequency of more than five years of deployments , " Webb said in a written statement . Watch CNN Senior Pentagon Correspondent Jamie McIntyre on the reasons for the increase in suicides " Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , took to the Senate floor Thursday , urging more help for military members , especially for those returning from war . "  Our brave service members who face deployment after deployment without the rest , recovery and treatment they need are at the breaking point , " Murray said . She said Congress has given "  hundreds of millions of dollars " to the military to improve its ability to provide mental health treatment , but said it will take more than money to resolve the problem . "  It takes leadership and it takes a change in the culture of war , " she said . She said some soldiers had reported receiving nothing more than an 800 number to call for help . "  Many soldiers need a real person to talk to , " she said . "  And they need psychiatrists and they need psychologists . " According to Army statistics , the incidence of U.S. Army soldiers attempting suicide or inflicting injuries on themselves has skyrocketed in the nearly five years since the start of the Iraq war . Last year 's 2,100 attempted suicides -- an average of more than 5 per day -- compares with about 350 suicide attempts in 2002 , the year before the war in Iraq began , according to the Army . The figures also show the number of suicides by active-duty troops in 2007 may reach an all-time high when the statistics are finalized in March , Army officials said . The Army lists 89 soldier deaths in 2007 as suicides and is investigating 32 more as possible suicides . Suicide rates already were up in 2006 with 102 deaths , compared with 87 in 2005 . Cameron-Ritchie , the Army psychiatrist , said suicide attempts are usually related to problems with intimate relationships , but they are also related to problems with work , finances and the law . "  The really tough area here is stigma . We know that soldiers do n't want to go seek care . They 're tough , they 're strong , they do n't want to go see a behavioral health-care provider , " Cameron-Ritchie said . Multiple deployments and long deployments appear to exact a toll on relationships , thereby boosting the number of suicide attempts , she said . Traditionally , the suicide rate among military members has been lower than age - and gender-matched civilians . But in recent years the rate has crept up from 12 per 100,000 among the military to 17.5 per 100,000 in 2006 , she said . That 's still less than the civilian figure of about 20 per 100,000 , she said . The "  typical " soldier who commits suicide is a member of an infantry unit who uses a firearm to carry out the act , according to the Army . Post-traumatic stress disorder also may be a factor in suicide attempts , Cameron-Ritchie said , because it can result in broken relationships and often leads to drug and alcohol abuse . "  The real central issue is relationships . Relationships , relationships , relationships , " said U.S. Army Chaplain Lt. Col. Ran Dolinger . "  People look at PTSD , they look at length of deployments ... but it 's that broken relationship that really makes the difference . " To reduce suicides , the Army said it is targeting soldiers who are or have been in Iraq for long periods and teaching them to notice signs that can lead to suicide . That training came too late for Army Specialist Tim Bowman . The 23-year-old killed himself in 2005 after returning from Iraq . "  As my family was preparing for a 2005 Thanksgiving meal , our son Timothy was lying on the floor , slowly bleeding to death from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , " said his father , Mike Bowman , in testimony to a House Veterans ' Affairs committee hearing in December . "  His war was now over . " He said veterans return home to find an "  understaffed , under-funded , under-equipped " Veterans Affairs mental health system . "  Many just give up trying , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Average of 5 soldiers per day tried to commit suicide in 2007 , Army figures show Sen. Jim Webb introduces legislation to improve care for soldiers Army psychiatrist says soldiers must overcome stigma of treatment Psychiatrist : "  We know that soldiers do n't want to go seek care "
CNN  -- U.S. inspectors are investigating a possible leak at the Hanford nuclear site after an elevated contamination reading was found in a leak detection pit , Washington Gov. Jay Inslee said Friday . The elevated reading , however , does n't pose an immediate public health threat , Inslee said . "  This is most disturbing news for Washington , " the governor said in a statement . "  The discovery was made during a routine pumping outside the tank when pumps are also surveyed for radioactivity . " The leak detection pit is located outside and adjacent to a double-shell tank identified as AY-102 , the governor said . "  It is not clear yet whether that contamination is coming directly from the outer shell of the AY-102 but it must be treated with the utmost seriousness , " Inslee said . In February : 6 tanks leaking radioactive waste at Washington nuclear site The U.S. Department of Energy has assigned engineers to analyze the source of contamination through sampling and video inspection , a process that could take several days , the governor said . The Hanford site , which once produced plutonium for atomic weapons , borders the Columbia River . "  Given the relatively early detection of this potential leak , the river is not at immediate risk of contamination should it be determined that a leak has occurred outside the tank , " Inslee said . Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz just paid his first visit to the Hanford site on Wednesday . Even before learning of a possible leak , Inslee told Moniz he has "  serious concerns regarding the pace of addressing the leaking tanks , " Inslee said . "  We will be insisting on an acceleration of remediation of all the tanks , not just AY-102 . USDOE has a legal obligation to clean up Hanford and remove or treat that waste , and we ensure that legal obligation is fulfilled , " the governor said .	An elevated contamination reading is found in a Hanford leak detection pit The reading does n't pose an immediate public health threat , governor says But the news is "  disturbing , " he says Hanford formerly made plutonium for atomic weapons
CNN  -- If you think school starts too early , you are n't the only one . A new policy statement published by the American Academy of Pediatrics is on the side of groggy students falling asleep at their desks and their parents who are tired of nagging them to get out of bed in the morning . They say that lack of sleep in adolescents causes poor academic performance and poses a serious public health concern . Traffic accidents , depression and obesity can result , with schools that start too early contributing to the problem . The technical report released with the policy statement says that sleep-deprived teens tend to eat more carbohydrates and fats , with every hour of sleep that is lost increasing the odds of obesity by 80 % . Adolescents that go to sleep at midnight or later are also more likely to suffer from depression and have suicidal thoughts . On the other hand , middle and high schools that start later in the day tend to have students with less daytime sleepiness , less tardiness , fewer attention difficulties and better academic performance than early-starting schools . Sleep deprivation linked to depression in teens Even if you do n't have children in school , you might still be impacted if you drive to work . One community in Lexington , Kentucky , decreased the average crash rate for teenaged drivers by 16.5 % after delaying high school start times by one hour , according to a study published in the Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine . And a two-year study of two high schools in Virginia found that the school with the later start time had significantly fewer students in accidents . Fatal wrecks underscore risks for young drivers To reduce these public health concerns , the American Academy of Pediatrics policy statement recommends that schools start no earlier than 8:30 a.m. Only 14 % of public high schools currently meet this guideline , according to the National Center for Education Statistics . "  I 'm hoping that the visibility of the sleep deprivation issue and research can help spark more discussion , " said Jennifer Davis , co-founder and president of the National Center on Time & Learning and former U.S. Department of Education deputy assistant secretary . When the topic of later school start times arises , parents and school administrators often express concerns over work conflicts -- How can I drop my kid off at 9 if I have to be at the office at 8:30 ? -- and after-school activities . Administrators say the school day needs to end early enough in the afternoon that sports team can share fields and practice before it gets dark . "  It 's one more example of how are schools need to be student centered , " Davis argued . "  There are thousands of children , bus schedules , lunch schedules , parent needs . But we have to focus on how we are going to help our children succeed . And making sure they have enough sleep is one of those things . " The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that adolescents get 8.5 to 9.5 hours of sleep per night , which parents can help enforce by setting bedtimes and limiting their child 's use of electronic devices and social media in bed . "  Avoid keeping screens such as computers or TVs in your child 's bedroom , and keep portable ones  phones , tablets , handheld games  out as much as possible , " said Dr. Jennifer Shu , a board-certified pediatrician in Atlanta . "  It can be helpful to have a central charging station where all of the family 's electronics spend the night . " She adds that parents can also encourage sleep routines such as reading before bed and avoid scheduling music lessons , sports and social events that might delay bedtime . Are your kids getting enough sleep ? "  Setting the stage for good sleep now is an important habit that can make a difference in your child 's future health , " Shu said . If you have concerns , talk to a pediatrician or check out the National Institutes of Health 's guide to healthy sleep . "	Sleep-deprived teens are at risk for obesity , depression and accidents The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends schools start no earlier than 8:30 a.m. Parents can help by enforcing bedtimes that provide 8.5 to 9.5 hours of sleep
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Novak Djokovic retained his Rogers Cup title in Toronto by defeating French 14th seed Richard Gasquet 6-3 6-2 . The Serb , who lost his position at the top of the world rankings following Roger Federer 's Wimbledon triumph , did not drop a set during the defense of the championship he won during his dominant 2011 season . The five-time major winner took advantage of all three break points he earned during the match to wrap up victory in just over an hour . Djokovic was pleased to have bounced back after a disappointing loss to Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro in the recent bronze medal match at the London 2012 Olympic Games . "  It 's a big tournament , one of the biggest we have in tennis , " Djokovic told the ATP Tour 's official website after securing his 31st career title . "  I 'm very happy to be in this position . "  I truly did not expect myself to win this tournament after the emotional losses in the Olympic Games . I really took it hard . I tried to bounce back and recover ; I 've done great , I have to say . " Federer considering Rio Olympic bid Having also won the Rogers Cup title in 2007 , Djokovic became only the third Open era player to win the event at least three times , following in the footsteps of Ivan Lendl and Andre Agassi . "  I 'm not one of the biggest servers in the game , that 's for sure , but I always try to focus on the second shot after the serve , " said the 25-year-old Serb , who has won seven of the eight matches he has played against Gasquet . "  I 've been working on the efficiency of my first and second serve , but also trying to be aggressive in the first ball . It 's been working exceptionally well throughout the whole week . " Azarenka and Sharapova both in doubt for start of U.S. Open In the women 's draw , Li Na ensured she will return to the top 10 of the world rankings by coming back from 5-1 down in the final set to beat Lucie Safarova 3-6 6-3 7-5 . China 's 2011 French Open champion will play Safarova 's compatriot Petra Kvitova in Monday 's final , after last year 's Wimbledon winner defeated former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki . "  In the beginning I was trying to shoot as hard as I could , and I was making a lot of mistakes -- so I knew I had to start putting the ball back in the court more , " Li told the WTA Tour 's official website . "  This is tennis . You have to put the ball over the net and back in the court . It looks easy , but sometimes it can be hard to do . "  When I was 5-1 down , I thought if I shot hard four in a row , I 'd lose the match . So I had to change a little bit . I was just trying to take it point by point . "  When I got back to 5-4 , my serve game , I think it was more exciting for the fans . They were supporting me a lot . I 'm happy I could win the match . "	Novak Djokovic retains his Rogers Cup title in Toronto The five-time grand slam winner beat Richard Gasquet in straight sets China 's Li Na is back in the top 10 after reaching the semifinal in the women 's draw The 2011 French Open champion will play Petra Kvitova in Monday 's final
Health.com  -- Sitting in her trailer between filming scenes for "  Parenthood , " Lauren Graham is still in hair and makeup , but dressed in what could be considered her casual uniform : a pair of stretchy jeans tucked into boots , a tank top , and a Current/Elliott denim shirt . She 's nearly cornered the market on playing young , cool single moms , and it 's no accident : The 43-year-old is warm , naturally pretty , and self-deprecatingly funny . But her devotion to living healthy is no joke . Today , as she eats a lean lunch of brown rice and tuna , Lauren talks to Health about staying body-confident in Hollywood , and just how she earned herself the nickname "  Bootsy . " Q : What does being healthy mean to you ? Balance , and I think that is something you 're always aspiring to have . Sometimes I 'll think , "  That was a really nice day . I ate well , I exercised , I called some friends , was n't working too hard , " but I rarely have one of those . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- They 're more often , "  I 'm too tired , I did n't run as far as I wanted . " And so that 's something I 've gained peace with . I expect now for the day to be imperfect in some way . Health.com : 25 shocking celebrity weight changes Q : What 's your go-to power meal ? I guess it 's protein and vegetables . I 've pretty much always been on a diet since I was born . And the women in my family struggle , so I find the less I think about food , in a way , the happier I am . In general , I think I eat less the less I think about it . Q : In what areas of your life are you most and least healthy ? I 'm probably most healthy in exercise . I 've always really liked being active . I do Spinning classes , I run , I have a trainer , I do Pilates with my sister Shade . And I think work has been an area , historically , where I 've way overworked myself . Not on this job . But -LSB- in the past -RSB- I 've definitely spent a lot of time worrying about work , taking jobs when I maybe could have taken some time off - really pushing myself . Although I 've gotten way way way better . Q : What 's your favorite healthy-life advice ? Just keep moving . Someone said this to me a long time ago . It 's a Buddhist saying , I think : "  There is no wasted effort . " It applies to so many things . It applies to being physical , like , "  Let 's take a walk outside . " And I never go take a walk outside , but it 's such a good idea ! No , you did n't burn 1,000 calories , but you got up after dinner , you walked outside , had fresh air . Q : Do you have a go-to way to lose a quick few pounds ? One thing I think is underrated is eating soup . I did this movie with Jeff Bridges , and I do n't know if he was trying to lose weight or not , but he would carry around this thermos of soup . Also , the best investment I made in the last year was a Vitamix . You can put raw kale in the Vitamix , and you do n't even taste it when you put some fruit and ice in . It comes with all these insane recipes . You can make your own peanut butter . You can grind your own flour . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- Q : Wow , have you done that ? No . Are you kidding ? But I gave one to Oliver Platt for his 50th birthday , and he was like , "  You 've made the peanut butter , right ? " And I was like , "  Nooo . " I make juice . Q : Are there any ways you stay fit that are more surprising than regular workouts ? I just had a vacation , and we went skiing . It was such a cool vacation because the whole day is around something active . And occasionally we 'd go to the gym at night . Health.com : Celebrity-inspired workout tips Q : You really worked out after skiing ? Yeah . That 's my boyfriend -LSB- co-star Peter Krause -RSB- who works out like crazy . You would go to the gym at night because you 're tired , but you 've worked the strangest muscles , so you do n't feel like you 've worked out . Q : If you 're ever feeling down about your looks , how do you get the body confidence you need ? Well , part of my job is pretending . And I 've honestly never led with my looks . I 've always thought my strengths were I 'm smart , and I have a good sense of humor . I definitely struggle with feeling confident . We went to a party last night , and I always still feel like I 'm in high school : "  Did I wear the right thing ? Do I look OK ? Did I walk funny ? " Like , I never feel comfortable , but I 've done this for so long that I just know I 'm not going to feel comfortable . That 's not the real me , you know ? Health.com : Christina Hendricks : curvy , confident , gorgeous Q : Any embarrassing fashion moments that tested your confidence ? I wore something this year that I got criticized for , and -LSB- laughs -RSB- it killed me ! And I was like , "  But why did n't they like it ? " You want people to feel you made the right choice . But , I am who I am . I mean , honestly , I was such a tomboy as a kid . People were taking from their mothers ' closets -- I was taking from my dad 's closet . It was the '80s , so it was n't terrible , but I was wearing my dad 's dress shirts over jeans from the Gap . And not the Gap now , but the Gap when it was jeans and flannel shirts . That , to me , was a really good outfit . I have more access to beautiful clothes and help , but everybody makes mistakes ; that 's why there are worst-dressed lists . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- Q : What 's your go-to style now ? I think it 's D.C. meets California . Growing up -LSB- in D.C. -RSB- , I can remember a girl coming to me and saying , "  Do you want to be preppy with me ? " And I was like , "  Yes . " Back then , you were disco or preppy . But then you come to California , and it 's a little more laid back and Bohemian . My boyfriend has a friend who calls me Bootsy because I wear jeans tucked into boots 9 times out of 10 ! I have way too many jeans . But I never seem to have a top to wear . Q : How do you feel about plastic surgery ? I do n't ever plan to do it , but I do n't know how I would feel . Like , if you have worked with and hung out with , as I have , Diane Keaton . She 's in such good shape , you know ? She , to my knowledge , has never had anything done . And why would you ? She looks great , and she does n't look fake . The standards have changed , and people do much more in that world than they used to . It 's not a fair playing field , in a way . I have an interest in looking good , but I have a fear of not looking like myself . I 've had much more success than I ever thought not being iconic in the beauty sense , so maybe I 'll just continue to rest on my personality . -LSB- Laughs . -RSB- Q : Is there a celebrity whose body and looks inspire you ? Sandra Bullock . She looks really great and not fake . And I think she has dignity and has handled her public life really well . Q : Do you have any beauty tricks that do n't come from a bottle ? I really think if you 're trying to look good , do something athletic . I have a little mini tramp , and sometimes I 'll just try to jump for 20 minutes . It gets your blood circulating and that always looks really pretty . Q : What 's your ideal Saturday night ? Cooking for friends at my house -- although I always break that rule about not trying to cook something new when you are entertaining , so the results can be mixed . Someday I will learn ! Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Lauren Graham does Spinning classes and Pilates Graham eats soup as a way to lose a quick few pounds "  Just keep moving , " is Graham 's favorite healthy-life advice
Michael Sam , an All-American defensive lineman from the University of Missouri , publicly revealed that he 's gay Sunday , creating the possibility he 'll be the first openly gay player drafted by the National Football League . "  I came to tell the world I 'm an openly proud gay man , " he said in an interview with ESPN . He said he told his Missouri teammates in August and suffered no repercussions . He said he was surprised to discover many people in the media already knew he was gay . "  I understand how big this is , " Sam said in the ESPN interview . "  It 's a big deal . No one has done this before . And it 's kind of a nervous process , but I know what I want to be ... I want to be a football player in the NFL . " Sam also spoke about his sexual orientation Sunday to The New York Times , saying : "  I just want to make sure I could tell my story the way I want to tell it . I just want to own my truth . " Sam , at 6-foot-2 and 260 pounds , starred in college football last season . Besides being first team All-American , he was named the top defensive player in the Southeastern Conference , considered the nation 's best league . Teammates named him the team 's most valuable player . With those credentials , he 's expected to be picked in the NFL draft in May . The Bleacher Report mock draft projected him to go in the late rounds because "  athletic limitations including a lack of flexibility and a lack of optimal size are concerning . " His agent said Monday that he does not think Sam 's decision to acknowledge his sexual orientation will hurt his draft prospects . "  I think , if anything , teams will look at it and see a guy who was honest and upfront instead of waiting until after the draft to potentially make his announcement , " Joe Barkett told CNN . "  Mike was forward , and he wants the team who drafts him to accept him for who he is . " The NFL issued a statement on Twitter on Sunday : "  We admire Michael Sam 's honesty and courage . Michael is a football player . Any player with ability and determination can succeed in the NFL . We look forward to welcoming and supporting Michael Sam in 2014 . " However , the NFL has made headlines on the issue of sexual orientation in the past . Last year , a University of Colorado player said an NFL team asked him if he liked girls and had a girlfriend . The NFL quickly said , "  Any team or employee that inquires about impermissible subjects or makes an employment decision based on such factors is subject to league discipline . " Sam issued his own Tweet : "  I want to thank everybody for their support and encouragement , especially @espn , @nytimes and @nfl . I am proud to tell my story to the world ! " Sam 's announcement comes as the federal government expands its recognition of same-sex marriages . Attorney General Eric Holder said the Justice Department will issue a memo Monday that extends the federal government 's recognition of same-sex marriages , even in the 34 states that do n't consider it legal . Other athletes have come out as gay , but they did n't have Sam 's profile . GLAAD , a lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender media advocacy group , said Sam is "  the latest high-profile athlete to come out as LGBT . Others include the NBA 's Jason Collins , the WNBA 's Brittney Griner , WWE 's Darren Young , UFC 's Liz Carmouche , MMA 's Fallon Fox and Major League Soccer 's Robbie Rogers . " Of those athletes , Collins made the biggest media splash . He 's not playing in the NBA this season . Praise poured in for Sam , who overcame a rough childhood in which one of his brothers was killed and others ended up in prison . Sam 's head football coach at Missouri , Gary Pinkel , said : "  We 're really happy for Michael that he 's made the decision to announce this , and we 're proud of him and how he represents Mizzou . Michael is a great example of just how important it is to be respectful of others , he 's taught a lot of people here first-hand that it does n't matter what your background is , or your personal orientation , we 're all on the same team and we all support each other . " GLAAD President Sarah Kate Ellis said in a prepared statement : "  By rewriting the script for countless young athletes , Michael has demonstrated the leadership that , along with his impressive skills on the field , makes him a natural fit for the NFL . With acceptance of LGBT people rising across our coasts -- in our schools , churches , and workplaces -- it 's clear that America is ready for an openly gay football star . "	His agent says Sam 's revelation will not hurt his draft prospects Michael Sam was an All-American lineman at the University of Missouri With his skills , he could be drafted by the NFL in May He 'd be the first openly gay draftee in pro football
CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's high commissioner to Britain has blamed criticism of his country 's human rights record on a "  proxy propaganda war " being carried out by those who funded the nation 's "  terrorist conflict . " The prime ministers of Canada , Mauritius and India have withdrawn from the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting , or CHOGM , beginning in Colombo on Friday , amid concerns about the rights situation in Sri Lanka after its 26-year civil war with separatist Tamil rebels . Speaking to CNN 's Fred Pleitgen for the "  Amanpour " show on the eve of the summit , Chris Nonis said he was unsurprised by the criticism . "  One has to understand that there 's a tremendous influence from those who funded the terrorist conflict who are now carrying out , really , a proxy propaganda war . "  What we realize is that over the years -- as people realize the wonderful reconciliation , rehabilitation and reconstruction program that we are carrying out in Sri Lanka -- that gradually that proxy propaganda war will lose its currency and , in that context , I think it 's entirely right and fitting that we should host the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting , " he said . "  There 's a huge dichotomy of disjuncture between what is said abroad in terms of criticism and lack of rights and the freedom and the justice and equality that people are experiencing here . " The Commonwealth is a voluntary association of 53 nations that initially formed out of what had been the British Empire . Its charter focuses on developing "  free and democratic societies and the promotion of peace and prosperity to improve the lives of all peoples of the Commonwealth . " Heads of member governments meet every two years . International investigation Asked about calls for an independent , international investigation into alleged war crimes -- a call repeated by British Foreign Secretary William Hague when he met his Sri Lankan counterpart on the sidelines of the meeting this week -- Nonis responded : "  We do n't need an international investigation when we have had a vibrant civilization for 2,500 years . We have perfectly educated people and I think we 're perfectly capable of carrying out our own domestic inquiry . " Nonis said the leaders not attending the conference represent three of the five countries that are home to Sri Lanka 's largest , wealthiest and strongest diaspora communities . "  Each country , each leader has their domestic political considerations . We understand that . After all , they 're politicians , " he said . He described UK opposition leader Ed Miliband 's call for Sri Lanka to be stripped of its chairmanship of the Commonwealth as "  extremely silly " and uninformed , saying his country had made "  enormous progress " since its war ended in May 2009 . "  We cherish the principles of democracy and development -- the twin pillars of the Commonwealth , " Nonis said . "  We are a very decent , very human group of people . We 've had a terrible conflict with the terrorists -- finally the people of Sri Lanka are free . " Civilian deaths As many as 70,000 people were killed in Sri Lanka 's war and in its final stage , which lasted from September 2008 to May 2009 , the Sri Lankan army advanced into an area of the north where about 330,000 people were trapped by fighting . A U.N. report in 2011 said the government used "  large-scale and widespread shelling " that left a large number of civilians dead . The number of civilian deaths and injuries are unknown to this day , and U.N. figures greatly differ from those in reports from Sri Lanka 's government and various nongovernmental organizations . Sri Lankan President Mahinda Mahinda Rajapaksa told media Thursday he would "  not hesitate to take action against any human rights violations , adding that he has nothing to hide and is very open , " according to a Sri Lankan government website . "  He said that Sri Lanka has a strong legal system , a Human Rights Commission , and now the Commonwealth is ready to strengthen it , " it said . On October 7 , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced that he would not go to this week 's meeting and that Deepak Obhrai -- the parliamentary secretary to the minister of foreign affairs and for international human rights -- would attend in his place . Canada is "  deeply concerned " about the situation in Sri Lanka and believes that the government has failed to uphold the Commonwealth 's core values , he said . "  The absence of accountability for the serious violations of human rights and international humanitarian standards during and after the civil war is unacceptable , " Harper said . "  Canada noted with concern the impeachment of the Sri Lankan chief justice earlier this year and we remain disturbed by ongoing reports of intimidation and incarceration of political leaders and journalists , harassment of minorities , reported disappearances , and allegations of extra judicial killings . " On November 12 , the Prime Minister of Mauritius , Navinchandra Ramgoolam , told lawmakers that he would not be attending the summit , sending his minister of foreign affairs instead . A government statement said Ramgoolam told the country 's parliament that he had been monitoring human rights in Sri Lanka and was gravely concerned about violations there . "  Mauritius has never been and will never be indifferent to the human rights violation anywhere in the world , including Sri Lanka , " he said . India 's foreign minister The prime minister of India , which has a large Tamil population , had faced domestic pressure to also withdraw from the conference . On November 10 , India 's Ministry of External Affairs said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had written to President Rajapaksa , saying that he too would not attend . External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid was chosen to represent India instead . Khurshid told CNN 's Pleitgen on "  Amanpour " Thursday that a number of factors may have influenced the decision to stay away , including coming elections and economic issues . "  And of course there were competing sentiments in the country about some outstanding issues with Sri Lanka , particularly on the rehabilitation and reconstruction that 's imperative after the end of the war , " he said . "  We have urged the government of Sri Lanka to take steps forward towards real and meaningful devolution and accountability . " He said India continues to urge speedier action but said : "  We ca n't see an alternative to engagement , particularly if it 's a matter that concerns a friendly country in the neighborhood of India . " The Sri Lankan website says that Rajapaksa "  expressed satisfaction over Indian External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid attending the CHOGM summit . When an Indian reporter stated that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has skipped the conference in acceding to demands made by Tamil Nadu , the President said that he has not informed this to him and pointed out that the Indian Prime Minister did not even attend the previous summit in Perth two years ago . " ` Must be accountability ' British Prime Minister David Cameron , who is attending the summit , issued a statement Thursday saying he sees it as "  an opportunity to raise our concerns clearly and directly , and to focus the eyes of the world on Sri Lanka . " "  Together we must say clearly to the government of Sri Lanka -- our hosts -- that there must be accountability for the past and respect for human rights today , " he said . "  Four years on from the end of the civil war and defeat of the ` Tamil Tigers , ' a brutal terrorist organization , there has been nowhere near enough improvement . We need to see more progress : genuine freedom of expression and the media , an end to the intimidation of journalists and human rights defenders , action to stamp out torture , demilitarization of the north and reconciliation between communities . "  And of course we need to see a thorough investigation into alleged war crimes . "	Sri Lanka is hosting the biannual Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting  CHOGM The prime ministers of Canada , India and Mauritius have said they will not attend It follows criticism of Sri Lanka 's human rights record after its 26-year war with Tamil rebels Sri Lanka 's high commissioner to the UK blames the criticism on a "  proxy propaganda war "
CNN  Halfway through a recent first date , my latest Tinder suitor -- let 's call him Heath -- interrupted the conversation , apologizing . "  I should have told you this when you walked in , " he said . My stomach tightened , anticipating what a man might preamble with those words . "  You look really nice tonight . " "  Oh , that 's so nice of you to say , " I said , smiling . "  Thank you . " "  I was really excited to go out with you , " he continued . "  You seemed so interesting and smart . I feel like it 's so rare for me to think a girl 's smart . " I grabbed my drink and nodded stiffly , unsure what to say . "  I guess what I mean is , I just do n't find that many girls as intelligent as you , " he barreled ahead . "  It 's really nice to talk to someone as ... well , someone as smart as me . " I shifted in my seat . Is it just me , or was that really sexist ? Does he not realize that ? What am I supposed to say ? I thought to myself . I know I 'm smart , so why does him saying that make me uncomfortable ? How can I agree or even accept the compliment without insulting the rest of womankind ? I did n't know what to say , so I said nothing , and ordered another drink . But Heath 's comment got me thinking about what to do when a likely well-intentioned compliment falls flat , leaving me speechless , or maybe even a little insulted . If a compliment lands on me in a truly uncomfortable way , is that my problem or his ? How am I supposed to deal with it ? "  It does n't matter whose problem it is , because it 's a problem you 're now both dealing with , and you have to decide how you 're going to react , " said Lizzie Post , author and etiquette expert for the Emily Post Institute . "  Sometimes it 's as easy as letting the person know he 's not having the right effect but you 're willing to let them try again , " Post said . "  It 's OK to just call them out on it and give them the benefit of the doubt . You 're letting them know that they can keep talking , and we 'll try again . " What dating app is right for you ? Great advice , but perhaps easier said than done , especially for an apologetic , good-natured Midwesterner like me . Besides , it 's not that I do n't like being complimented . I love compliments ! Please compliment me , especially if you are trying to win me over . But , is it possible to avoid saying nice things in a smug , heroic tone that simultaneously insults other women ? And , if I 'm not asking too much , maybe give a compliment that does n't belittle me ? Granted , the line between a compliment and an insult is different for everyone . For me , I 've got to draw it at accidental jabs at my appearance , and insults to other women . So how should confident women deal with backhanded comments and the men who lob them ? Feeling defeated The dilemma came up again a few days later , when Heath texted to ask if I 'd like to go out again . Aside from his backhanded compliments , I liked him . I said yes , but it would have to wait . I 'd come down with the flu . "  I 'll make you feel better , " he wrote . "  You looked fantastic last week . " Enough ! I thought . You saying I 'm pretty wo n't cure the flu ! But I did n't say that to Heath . "  Thank you  smiley face  , " I wrote , feeling a little defeated . Dating in the digital age You might be thinking I 'm some demanding millennial with an exaggerated ego . Judging from conversations with friends , it seems that I am not the first woman to struggle with these social quandaries . And , thanks to the Internet and social media , I know we are not alone . Earlier this month , author Roxane Gay tweeted a series of observations from her own experience : "  Man on the street just told me I have a pretty face and I should n't let anyone tell me I 'm fat . Ummmm . " "  Thanks for that unsolicited feedback . " The Internet also reveals the potential pitfalls of expressing some of these things aloud . In a recent experiment , several women responded on Tinder and Tumblr to messages from men that ranged from generic to slimy . The women simply agreed with the compliments paid to them , leading to some hostile responses , which completely negated the nice things the men had just said . These , of course , are the extremes : the Internet trolls . But they show how these exchanges can start out benign and escalate into something closer to harassment , which is what most women fear . Call to mind last year 's viral video showing street harassment in New York . It 's not that all the men are saying inappropriate or offensive things . It 's that they 've inserted themselves into that woman 's day without invitation . Hey baby ! Women speak out against street harassment It 's important to note that the women above -- who did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment -- conducted their experiment online . Could and should someone like me ever be emboldened to express these frustrations in a face-to-face interaction with a potential match ? If I did , the potential real-life social risk is high . The Internet disinhibits people because the "  perception of anonymity is higher , " said psychologist Patricia Wallace , author of "  The Psychology of the Internet . " It 's easier to depart from social norms online with strangers "  because if they form a bad impression of me , who cares ? " Wallace said . "  You 'll never see them again . " But , "  impression formation " matters in real life , where you have a chance of meeting someone again , whether it 's a co-worker or a suitor you do n't care for , she said . The benefit of the doubt Even when it comes to the canned opening lines pervasive in the online dating sphere , some experts advise that unless it 's so crude as to offend your sensibilities , try to take it for what it is : a compliment . "  His aim is not to inform you , belittle you , or treat you like you 're stupid , " said Sharon Andrea , dating coach and founder of Modern Dating Mastery . "  He 's not sharing news . On the simplest level , he 's saying , ' I want to connect . ' " How should men approach women ? Which brings me back to Heath . Our second date was unremarkable . He filled the time with nervous chatter , and I left relieved that I did n't have to field more bizarrely insulting praise . We did n't go out again . But Heath was not the first and he wo n't be the last to give me a compliment that went wayward , leaving me wondering how I could have handled other situations differently . To the man who told me he was relieved I was n't "  a fatty , " perhaps I 'd say that while I appreciate that he finds me attractive , that 's a nasty word I 'd rather he did n't use to describe anyone . To the acquaintance who told me he 'd ask me out if I just gained the oddly specific figure of "  12 pounds , " I 'd want to clarify : Was that supposed to make me feel good ? Because it did n't make me feel good , and it might be better to avoid criticizing a woman 's appearance , no matter where she stands on the spectrum . And to the next well-meaning Heath , I think I 'd take Post 's advice and say : That did n't land quite right with me , but I appreciate that you find me engaging . I 'll give you the benefit of the doubt , and we can try that again .	Ann Colwell found an online date went south when her suitor lobbed a compliment that landed flat She commiserated with other women who also were n't sure how to answer backhanded compliments Etiquette expert Lizzie Post says explaining that a comment rubs you the wrong way is OK
CNN  -- The Iraqi Prime Minister 's coalition has won the most seats in Parliament , despite the cancellation of ballots from 300 polling stations , election officials said Monday . Votes in those stations were nullified because of attempted tampering and inconsistencies , the nation 's Independent High Electoral Commission said . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's State of Law coalition won 92 out of 328 parliamentary seats in last month 's election , far more than any other political bloc , according to the commission . His main rivals finished with fewer than 30 seats , putting the Shiite Prime Minister far ahead of his competition but short of a majority . Though the win improves his chances of a third term , his coalition must reach out to other blocs to gain enough support . Al-Maliki faced fierce opposition amid the worst sectarian violence in more than five years . "  As the people of Iraq have now spoken , I call upon all elected representatives to work together for the future of Iraq , " said Nickolay Mladenov , the top United Nations official in Iraq . Last year was the deadliest in Iraq since 2008 , with more than 8,800 people killed , most of them civilians , according to the United Nations . Tensions are fueled by widespread discontent among Sunnis , who say they are marginalized by the Shiite-led government and unfairly targeted by brutal security tactics . Some 277 political entities across Iraq contested for 328 seats of the Iraqi Council of Representatives , the country 's parliament . There were 9,032 candidates . "  Today 's announcement is a testament to the courage and resilience of the Iraqi people , and another milestone in the democratic development of Iraq , " the United States Embassy said after the results were announced . "  As the process moves toward government formation , we encourage all political entities to conduct talks in a spirit of cooperation and respect for the will of the voters . " Iraqis voted April 30 in their first nationwide polls since the 2011 withdrawal of U.S. forces . "  Given the challenges confronting Iraq , it is essential that a new government and its leaders seek to unite the country through the formation of a new government that is supported by all Iraqi communities and that is prepared to advance tangible and implementable programs , " said Bernadette Meehan , spokeswoman for the National Security Council . Opinion : Why Iraq elections ca n't fix chaos left behind by U.S. CNN 's Matthew Hoye and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	It was Iraq 's first nationwide vote since the 2011 withdrawal of U.S. forces Iraq has battled sectarian violence for months Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's party wins but falls short of majority
CNN  -- Just like some U.S. officials looking into the mystery , the man who captured video of an apparent fireball plunging from the sky over Texas on Sunday is perplexed about what it was . Video captured in Austin , Texas , shows a meteor-like object in the sky Sunday morning . "  I do n't know what I saw in the sky . It was something burning and falling really fast , " Eddie Garcia , a videographer for News 8 Austin , told CNN Monday . "  I 'm looking in the viewfinder and I see , just , something flying through the sky . And it kind of looks like it could be dust , it could be something , and then I look up and , no , it was something burning in the sky , " he said . "  And you know , this is something that you see at night clearly during a meteor shower or something like that , but you do n't see something like that during the day . " Authorities in Texas said there were reports of sonic booms in the area Sunday as well . Watch video of meteor-like fireball " Early speculation was that it might have been debris from two satellites -- one American , one Russian -- that rammed into each other in space a week ago . But the U.S. Strategic Command , which tracks satellite debris , said it was not . "  There is no correlation between those reports and any of that debris from the collision , " command spokeswoman Maj. Regina Winchester told CNN Monday . So what was it ? "  I do n't know , " she responded . "  It 's possible it was some kind of natural phenomenon , maybe a meteor . " Meteor fireballs bright enough to be seen in the daytime are rare but not unheard of . Two of the most recent fell in October in the Alice Springs region of Australia and last June just west of Salt Lake City , Utah . The one over Australia was unique because the asteroid that caused it was discovered and tracked before it reached Earth 's atmosphere , according to the Sydney Observatory 's Web site . It says the asteroid was about 6.5 feet wide . A sonic boom also was heard in connection with that event , the Australian observatory says . On Friday , the National Weather Service reported that its office in Jackson , Kentucky , had received calls about "  possible explosions " or "  earthquakes " in that area . "  The Federal Aviation Administration has reported to local law enforcement that these events are being caused by falling satellite debris , " the service said Friday . "  These pieces of debris have been causing sonic booms , resulting in the vibrations being felt by some residents , as well as flashes of light across the sky . The cloud of debris is likely the result of the recent in-orbit collision of two satellites on Tuesday February 10 , when Kosmos 2251 crashed into Iridium 33 . " CNN 's call Monday to NASA to get its take on the fireball over Texas was not immediately returned . Garcia said he had been told NASA may have called him . The FAA had asked pilots Saturday to keep an eye out for "  falling space debris , " warning that "  a potential hazard may occur due to re-entry of satellite debris into the Earth 's atmosphere . " FAA spokesman Roland Herwig said Sunday there had been no reports of ground strikes or interference with aircraft in flight . He said the FAA had received no reports from pilots in the air of any sightings , but had gotten "  numerous " calls from people on the ground in Texas , from Dallas south to Austin . As of Monday morning , Herwig said his agency had no information about what the fireball was . iReport.com : Did you see the fireball ? Send photos , video He also said the FAA had rescinded its warning to pilots to look out for space debris . Garcia , the videographer , was out covering a marathon race Sunday morning when he caught a glimpse of the blaze . In the video , it appear as a meteor-like white fireball blazing across the clear sky . "  I remember shooting it and wondering what I shot , and then looking around and seeing if anyone saw it with me , and everyone was just focused on that marathon that we were shooting at the time , " he told CNN Newsroom . Whatever it was , Garcia said he 's "  just grateful I got a shot of it . And , hopefully , that 'll help " people figure out what it was .	Video shot in Austin , Texas , shows meteor-like object in sky Sunday morning Fireball sightings , reports of sonic booms come days after satellite collision in space FAA told U.S. pilots to watch for "  falling space debris "
U.S. aircraft have concluded a third round of strikes against an al Qaeda cell inside Syria , two U.S. officials with direct knowledge of the just-completed mission told CNN on Thursday . The officials said it was a small number of strikes and that the targets included at least one top operative of what 's known as the Khorasan Group . The sources would not say who was targeted . They said it is too early to have an assessment of the strikes ' results . Khorasan is a group of hard-core al Qaeda operatives , many of whom moved to Syria from Pakistan in the last few years . The U.S. government has expressed concern about the group 's ability to make bombs that can get past security screening in airports and elsewhere . It targeted the Khorasan Group with a series of strikes in Syria in September . Those attacks came amid intelligence that suggested the group was plotting against a target in the U.S. homeland , as well as other Western targets , a senior U.S. official told CNN at the time . The group has "  suffered " setbacks as a result of the strikes , which have killed a number of fighters and forced it to spread out , one law enforcement official who has seen the intelligence assessments said Thursday . Another U.S. official said "  some have been killed . They 're being hunted down and they have to think about what they do and that 's disruptive . " At the same time , some of the Khorasan leadership is still believed to be alive and the group continues to pose a threat , according to the officials , who say some are still in Syria , actively plotting against the United States .	Strikes target what 's known as the Khorasan Group , officials say It is too early to have an assessment of the results Khorasan is a group of hard-core al Qaeda operatives
Mexico City  CNN  -- A suspected leader of the Juarez drug cartel told authorities he had ordered the deaths of about 1,500 people , a Mexican federal police official said Sunday . Federal police detailed accusations against Jose Antonio Acosta Hernandez , known as "  El Diego , " a day after authorities announced his capture . He was one of the country 's most wanted criminals , with officials offering a reward of 15 million pesos  $ 1.3 million  for his arrest . Collaboration with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration led to Acosta 's detention , said Eduardo Pequeno , head of the Mexican federal police anti-drug unit . Acosta is accused of being a leader of the drug gang known as La Linea , the enforcement arm of the Juarez cartel , Mexican authorities have said . Pequeno told reporters that Acosta "  said he ordered the killings of about 1,500 people , mostly in Ciudad Juarez and Chihuahua 's capital . " An investigation points to Acosta as the mastermind behind the March 2010 killing of three people connected with the U.S. Consulate in Juarez , Pequeno said . More recently , Acosta ordered operatives to hang banners with threatening messages directed at the DEA and other U.S. authorities , Pequeno said . Juarez , Mexico 's most violent city , shares a border with El Paso , Texas . Pequeno also accused Acosta of having connections with some of the border city 's most notorious violence over the past two years , including the 2010 killing of a state prosecutor , a car bombing outside a police station and a massacre at a house party that killed 15 people -- most of them students with no ties to organized crime . Acosta told authorities the targets of his criminal organization included police , government officials , rival drug gangs and civilians , Pequeno told reporters . Earlier this month , the U.S. consulate in Juarez issued a statement warning "  American citizens to remain vigilant " based on information it had received that cartels may target the consulate or entry points on the U.S.-Mexico border . The northwestern Mexican state of Chihuahua , which contains the namesake capital city as well as Juarez , has been a hotbed for drug-related violence . The federal government has been targeting cartels ' operations , and especially its leaders , in an ongoing battle . Mexican authorities have arrested several others they accuse of being connected to the slayings of three people connected with the consulate last year . The shootings occurred March 13 , 2010 , when consulate employee Lesley Enriquez and her husband , Arthur Redelfs , were gunned down as they left a birthday party in their white SUV . Jorge Alberto Salcido Ceniceros , the husband of another consulate employee , was killed in a separate vehicle .	Police : Jose Antonio Acosta Hernandez says he targeted police , officials , rivals Acosta has been a reputed top leader in La Linea , the armed branch of the Juarez drug cartel Mexican authorities say they worked with the DEA to capture him Federal police link him to some of the most notorious violence in Juarez
Wanda Butts dropped the phone and screamed when she heard the news that her son was dead . Josh had drowned while rafting on a lake with friends . The 16-year-old did n't know how to swim , and he was n't wearing a life jacket . "  I could n't believe it , I did n't want to believe it : that just like that , my son had drowned and he was gone , " she said , recalling the 2006 tragedy . Butts had worried about her son 's safety when it came to street violence or driving , and she said she had always warned him of those dangers . But water accidents never crossed her mind . "  It did not occur to me that my son would drown because he did n't know water safety , " she said . "  Josh was never taught the basic life skill of learning how to swim . " Josh was not alone in the black community . According to USA Swimming , 70 % of African-American children can not swim , compared with nearly 60 % for Hispanic children and 42 % for white children . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , African-American children between the ages of 5 and 14 are three times more likely to drown than white children in the same age range . As Butts tried to make sense of her son 's tragedy , she realized she had passed her own inexperience to her son . Her father had witnessed a drowning when he was young and instilled in her a fear of water . "  So as a child , I never went around water , " said Butts , 58 . "  I never went swimming . I did n't know anything about water or life jackets and water safety . " Because of this fear , Butts raised Josh without any exposure to water . But today , she is determined to prevent other mothers from doing the same . In 2007 , she started the Josh Project , a nonprofit that provides low-cost swimming lessons for children in Toledo , Ohio . "  After losing my son , I wanted to do something to help other people , to help another mother not have to suffer the way I do every day from the loss of a child drowning , " she said . To date , the Josh Project has helped more than 1,000 children learn how to swim . "  All children are at risk of drowning , but the majority of the children that the Josh Project serves are minority children , who we have found are more at risk , " Butts said . Several cultural and historical factors can help explain why that is . One is the segregation of swimming pools during the 20th century , according to Jeff Wiltse , author of "  Contested Waters : A Social History of Swimming Pools in America . " Relatively few swimming pools were built to serve the black community back then , so much of a generation was denied the opportunity to swim , Wiltse told the BBC . Also , if parents ca n't swim , their children are far less likely to learn how , according to a recent study conducted by the University of Memphis . The study , sponsored by USA Swimming , found that a fear of drowning and a fear of injury prevent many African-American parents from putting their children in swimming lessons . It also found that many avoid swimming for cosmetic reasons , such as the effect chlorinated water has on their hair . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes For some families today , it 's still tough to find an accessible pool . "  The public pools near our home have been closed in the past , and other places were not affordable , " said Lisa Haynes , whose 14-year-old son , Joshua , is one of 60-plus students in the Josh Project this season . The swimming lessons take place at a local high school over four Saturdays for a total cost of $ 10 . "  I am less worried if  Joshua  is near water because he has the basics of how to swim , " Haynes said . "  And we 're thankful for that . " Butts is doing much more , however , than just providing swimming lessons . "  She ups the awareness , and that is half the battle , " said Shaun Anderson , a swimming coach who was so inspired by her story that he created a Josh Project swimming program at Norfolk State University in Virginia . "  Once these communities learn how to swim , they will pass it down , which results in future generations that know how to swim . " Butts said she has two goals for the future : One is to change the drowning statistics of minority children , and the other is to have an aquatic center where the children can swim daily instead of just once a week . "  The joy on the faces of those children -- when they see that they can learn , once they get it -- they are so happy with themselves , " she said . "  And it 's like all of them are my children . It 's like I did n't lose my son . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Josh Project website at www.joshproject.org and see how to help .	The Josh Project has helped more than 1,000 children in Ohio learn to swim Most of them are minorities , according to Wanda Butts , whose son drowned in 2006 Statistics show that minority children are less likely than white children to know how to swim Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Imagine a warm brew of lager so heady you had to plunge a straw through the thick surface scum to get to the fermented liquor below . Welcome to the favored brew of ancient Egypt 's New Kingdom ; a 3,200-year-old barley beer that a new archaeological find this month is shedding new light on . A Japanese team headed by Jiro Kondo of Waseda University stumbled on the tomb of ancient beer-maker Khonso Em Heb while cleaning the courtyard of another tomb at the Thebes necropolis in the Egyptian city of Luxor . The tomb , replete with highly colored frescoes , is being hailed as one of the most significant finds of recent times . Egypt 's antiquities minister Mohamed Ibrahim described Khonso Em Heb as the chief "  maker of beer for gods of the dead " adding that the tomb 's chambers contain "  fabulous designs and colors , reflecting details of daily life ... along with their religious rituals . " One fresco shows Khonso Em Heb -- who apart from being a brewer , headed the royal storehouses during the pharaonic Ramesside period  1,292 -- 1,069 BC  -- making offerings to the gods along with his wife and daughter . The newly discovered tomb is to be placed under tight security until the excavation work is completed , the ministry said in a press statement . Read more : How not to do a desert adventure According to Professor Poo Mun Chou , a leading Egyptologist at Hong Kong 's Chinese University , the discovery is not only significant in terms of what it tells archaeologists about life during the New Kingdom period of Ancient Egypt , but marks a new direction for Egypt 's beleaguered antiquities ministry . Still reeling from a disastrous break-in at the Cairo Museum in 2011 -- when looters smashed two mummies and made off with more than 50 artifacts -- Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities had slapped stringent restrictions on archaeological digs . For Professor Poo , the latest discovery is a sign that archeology in Egypt may be returning to normal . "  The significance in this find is that for quite some time archaeologists have n't been able to excavate an intact tomb , " he said . "  An intact tomb will give us a more complete view of the funerary customs which can be compared with other tomb paintings . " He said the frescoes were well preserved . "  The Supreme Council of Antiquities has for some time had a policy of not excavating new tombs but preserving those tombs that have already been excavated . "  This is a new find and is quite unexpected . " Apart from the recent political turmoil in Egypt , which has led to a surge in the number of illegal digs and antiquities damaged by looters , Professor Poo said the sheer speed with which new discoveries were being made had meant the government was having difficulty keeping up with logging and preserving the finds . Read more : Razing the dead in Bahrain Add to this the problem of protecting ancient tombs , which begin to degrade the moment they are opened , and Egypt 's antiquities authorities have their work cut out for them . "  In Egypt , of course , the dry weather means the danger of this is less , but still after some time the color of the painting begins to fade away . "  That is why Egypt now has a stricter policy . " While foreign archaeological teams are still operating in Egypt , the political climate has made it more difficult for them to do their work . Even the International Association of Egyptologists  IAE  was told late last year that Egypt -- because of the political situation -- was unable to host the 2014 International Congress of Egyptologists . The IAE is currently seeking bids for a second country to host the prestigious congress . Meanwhile , historians and archaeologists are making use of the latest find while it is still available to be studied . "  Alcohol in ancient Egypt was very important -- not just in terms of daily consumption but also as an offering to deities . Beer , in particular was very important , " said Poo . "  Beer during the New Kingdom period was probably one-fifth or even one-tenth the price of wine making it a very popular drink for people of all social strata . " Read more : Graffiti transforms Cairo 's streets While the appeal of beer across all social classes remains to this day , Professor Poo says the modern drinker might struggle to recognize the barley or millet-based beverage of ancient times . "  While it 's a close cousin to modern beer , it 's manufacture was more primitive and they had to use a tube to extract the liquid from below which would have had a fermented layer of substance floating on the top of the jar , " he said . "  It would have had bubbles , " he added .	Japanese archeologists unearth tomb of pharaonic beer brewer in Luxor Hailed as one of the most significant finds of its time Tomb of Khonso Em Heb painted with frescoes ; beer would have been very different from today 's Egypt has struggled to keep tabs on its antiquities since 2011 revolution
CNN  -- For the first time in two years there will be a winner of a Masters 1000 event who is not ranked in the "  Big Four " after Andy Murray suffered a shock defeat in Paris on Thursday . World No. 3 Murray , who was the highest ranked player remaining in the draw , squandered a match point before going on to lose to Poland 's Jerzy Janowicz . Halloween horror for ` Darth ' Djokovic Murray had been expected to lift the trophy in the French capital after Novak Djokovic 's defeat and the withdrawals of Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal . But he somehow contrived to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory after allowing Janowicz , ranked 69 in the world , to emerge triumphant . The hard-hitting Pole looked to be heading out of the tournament when Murray served for the match in the second set . But the Olympic and U.S. Open champion fluffed his lines and from serving for the match at 7-5 5-4 and 40-30 , he capitulated in dramatic circumstances to lose the second set 7-6 . The Briton was then swept aside 6-2 in the final set and will now head to the end of season finals in London which begins on Monday . It is the third consecutive tournament where Murray has lost after holding match points . Djokovic beats Murray in classic Shanghai final Murray was beaten by Canada 's Milos Raonic in the last four at the Japan Open in Tokyo after holding two chances to win , while he also went down to Djokovic in Shanghai after failing to convert five opportunities . "  I did n't play a particularly good game and missed a couple of shots that I would have hoped to have made , " Murray said on the ATP website . "  He probably gained some confidence from that and started playing better . He played a good tie-break , played aggressive . "  I have to make sure I tighten that up next week , if I get that opportunity in the matches . Make sure I do n't let it happen at The O2 . " Janowicz , who had already beaten Philipp Kohlschreiber and Marin Cilic before defeating Murray , has enjoyed a stellar year and will now hope to make the semifinals when he faces Janko Tipsarevic -- who clinched the eighth and final place for the season-ending championships . "  In the beginning of this year , I had many changes in my life , " Janowicz said . "  I changed the racquet . This racquet which I 'm using right now is helping me a lot . Even if I have some weak days , this racquet is actually helping me . So this is one change . "  The second one is , I have a new fitness coach this year , and he 's helping me a lot . I 'm doing a lot of fitness . When I 'm at home I 'm actually doing more fitness than tennis . "  So there is this other change . My behavior on the court is also a little bit different . I decided not to give up , whatever the situation is . I 'm fighting right now for every single ball . " Federer to surrender world No. 1 ranking after pulling out of Paris Masters There was also another shock as home favorite Michael Llodra overcame seventh seed Juan Martin Del Potro of Argentina . Former U.S. Open champion Del Potro , who has already booked his place at next week 's end of season finals in London , went down 6-4 6-3 to the 32-year-old left-hander . Tipsarevic , who played in London last year as an alternate when Murray pulled out with an injury , ensured his second appearance by defeating Juan Monaco 6-3 3-6 6-3 . "  The World Tour Finals last year was one of my best experiences ever on the tennis court . "  I was always dreaming of playing the World Tour Finals and I 'm excited to be back there , " the Serbian said . Elsewhere , the 2005 Paris champion Tomas Berdych overcame big-serving South African Kevin Anderson 1-6 6-3 6-4 to secure his place in the quarterfinals . Berdych , who will also play in London next week , will now face France 's Gilles Simon after his opponent , Japan 's Kei Nishikori , withdrew with an injury . World No. 8 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga guaranteed his place in London after defeating Spain 's 11th-ranked Nicolas Almagro 7-6  7-4  7-6  7-3  . "  It 's really important for me to have qualified , " said the Frenchman , who will next face world No. 5 David Ferrer following the Spaniard 's three-set win over Stanislas Wawrinka . "  With the big four at the moment , it 's not easy to get rewards in tennis , so for me this is one of my rewards . It feels good to be a part of it . "  I have some great memories from last year where I played the final against Roger . It was huge for me , one of the big moments of my career . " Canada 's world No. 13 Milos Raonic was dumped out at the third-round stage after going down 6-3 7-6  7-1  to Djokovic 's conqueror , American Sam Querrey -- who will play Llodra in the last eight .	Andy Murray beaten by Poland 's Jerzy Janowicz.in third round of Paris Masters First time in past two years that a Masters 1000 winner will come from outside the top four Argentina 's Martin Del Potro suffers shock defeat by France 's Michael Llodra Janko Tipsarevic keeps London dreams alive by defeating Juan Monaco in three sets
CNN  -- Tony Stewart says he took the last three weekends off to respect the family of the driver that his race car struck and killed this month , and to deal with his own emotions . Returning to NASCAR racing this weekend , he says , will help him cope . Stewart , who opted out of three races after his car hit Kevin Ward Jr. during a dirt track race on August 9 , spoke briefly to reporters Friday about his decision to race in Sunday 's Oral-B USA 500 at the Atlanta Motor Speedway . "  This has been one of the toughest tragedies I 've ever had to deal with , both professionally and personally . And this is something that will definitely affect my life forever , " Stewart said at the speedway in his first public appearance since Ward 's death . While the incident hit him hard , Stewart said he knows "  that the pain and the mourning that Kevin Ward 's family and friends are experiencing is something that I ca n't possibly imagine . " "  The time off  has given me the time to think about life and how easy it is to take it for granted , " Stewart said . "  I miss my team , my teammates , and I miss being back in the race car . I think that being back in the car this week with my racing family will help me get through this difficult time . " He declined to take reporters ' questions , saying he needed to respect the investigation into Ward 's death . New York authorities continue to investigate the incident , which happened after Ward crashed and then exited his race car during an Empire Super Sprints series race in New York . Spectator video from that night at the Canandaigua Motorsports Park race shows two cars coming out of a turn , with Stewart 's No. 14 car sliding up the track toward Ward 's No. 13 car . The two cars get close and appear to make contact before Ward 's car hits the wall and spins out . Ward gets out of his crashed car and walks determinedly on the track toward the race cars , which had slowed for a yellow flag . Ward points a finger and appears to be yelling . One car swerves to avoid Ward on the half-mile dirt track . Stewart 's car passes close to Ward , and it appears that its right rear tire hits him . Authorities said that the 20-year-old Ward , a New York sprint car driver , died of "  massive blunt trauma . " Stewart withdrew from the NASCAR race in New York 's Watkins Glen the day after Ward died . He also missed races in Michigan and Tennessee . Ontario County Sheriff Philip C. Povero said at the time that there was no evidence that a crime had been committed . Stewart said that he wants Ward 's parents and sisters "  to know that every day I 'm thinking about them and praying for them . " Ward , from Port Leyden , New York , was in his fifth season in the Empire Super Sprints series . He began racing when he was 4 , running go-kart events . When he was 12 , he moved to the faster sprint cars . His father blames Stewart for hitting his son . "  Apparently , Tony Stewart was the only one driving out there who did n't see him , " the father said , according to Syracuse.com . Brett Frood , executive vice president of Stewart 's racing team , Stewart-Hass , said Friday that Stewart sent the Ward family flowers and a card , and that eventually he will want to spend time with them "  I do believe that will happen at the appropriate time , " Frood said . Meanwhile , Stewart will be eligible for this year 's "  Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup " playoff system if he wins either in Atlanta or next week in Richmond -- the last two races of the regular season -- NASCAR President Mike Helton said . There had been speculation that Stewart would have been ineligible because he missed the last three races . NASCAR had said previously that to qualify , a driver must attempt to qualify for all 26 races leading up to the Chase . But Helton said Friday that NASCAR was waiving that requirement because of the "  unique set of circumstances " in this case . CNN 's Wayne Sterling contributed to this report .	Racer was driving in a dirt-track race when he hit a competitor who was walking Kevin Ward Jr. died of his injuries received at NY track "  This has been one of the toughest tragedies I 've ever had to deal with , " Stewart says NASCAR will allow Stewart to stay in championship chase
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is back on the grid after more than a month without making a public appearance . The President suggested that reports of her demise had been greatly exaggerated by political opponents . And she said she was n't happy about the way the media covered her absence . "  I was reading in the newspapers this morning headlines that said , ` Cristina reappears . ' And I said , ` What is the opposite of reappears ? Disappears . ... They wanted to give it a touch of Hollywood , ' " Fernandez said during a national television broadcast as she announced a new program targeting the South America country 's youth . Fernandez went on medical leave in October so doctors could perform emergency surgery to remove a blood clot on the surface of her brain . She officially returned to work in November and appeared at a series of events in December . Her temporary exit from the public stage sparked widespread speculation about her health and questions from critics about who was running the country . "  If we had n't had the President 's illness just a few months ago , one would discard it . But the problem is the rumor has been established , and the sense of uncertainty of not knowing why , " Orlando D'Adamo , director of the Center of Public Opinion at the University of Belgrano in Buenos Aires , told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol last week . "  Is it a political strategy ? Is she making room for a new candidate for 2015 ? Is it because she does not want to face difficult situations for the government ? We do not know . " CNN 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez reported from Buenos Aires . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNNMexico contributed to this report .	Argentina 's President appears in public for the first time in more than a month President Cristina Fernandez suggests critics fueled rumors of her demise Her absence from the public stage sparked widespread speculation
CNN  -- Five males armed with guns and sledgehammers robbed a jewelry store at a Memphis , Tennessee , mall Saturday night , prompting shoppers and workers to hide amid the chaos , police said . The robbers targeted Reeds Jewelers in Wolfchase Galleria around 7:30 p.m.  8:30 p.m. ET  , Memphis police spokeswoman Alyssa Macon-Moore said . The suspects were wearing black clothing -- including hooded sweatshirts -- as they carried guns and sledgehamers into the store . "  There are no reported injuries at this time , " Macon-Moore said about an hour later . "  The scene is active . " She said that there were reports of gunshots , and Twitter contained various posts indicating that might have happened . But the mall 's general manager , A.J. Coffee , said , "  There were no shots fired . " After the incident , police received "  numerous calls from people in the mall hiding and inside other businesses , " according to Macon-Moore . It was not immediately known what , if anything , the alleged assailants stole , where they went or whether any had been taken into custody .	Armed robbery is reported at a jewelry store in Memphis Suspects were dressed all in black , police say Many hide in the mall and elsewhere following the incident Mall 's general manager says no shots were fired
OPRAH.com  -- It 's the story that has brought dating violence into the national spotlight . Police responded to a 911 call alleging domestic violence between singers Chris Brown and Rihanna last month . Tyra Banks tells Oprah Winfrey about how abuse affected her . Later that day , both pulled out of planned appearances at the Grammy Awards , and Brown turned himself into police . He was arrested on the suspicion of making criminal threats and was released on bail . Weeks later , rumors of their reconciliation were reported . On March 5 , 2009 , Brown appeared in court , charged with two counts of felony assault . His arraignment has been postponed until April 2009 while he remains free on bail . Statistics say about one in three high school students have been -- or will be -- involved in an abusive relationship . "  The message this story sends to teen girls and boys everywhere is disturbing , and it is also dangerous , " Oprah Winfrey says . "  We need to try to evolve from this moment ... use this as a moment to allow our society to begin to grow . " Oprah believes this story can be a teaching moment for every teen and parent . "  Love does n't hurt , " she says . "  And if a man hits you once , he will hit you again . " Oprah.com : 10 questions to ask your teens Over the past few years , talk show host Tyra Banks has interviewed both Brown and Rihanna . "  Rihanna told me her parents used to argue so intensely , she used to get these headaches , these migraines that were almost not even treatable with medicine , " Banks says . "  The moment her parents separated , her migraines went away . " In his appearance on The Tyra Banks Show , Brown said he watched his mother suffer abuse from the time he was 7 years old until he was 13 . The abuser was not his biological father . "  I treat -LSB- women -RSB- differently because I know I never want to go through the same thing or put a woman through the same thing that the person put my mom through , " Brown told Banks . When Banks first heard about the alleged incident , she says she did n't believe it -- until the police report was released . "  I went back to that interview and I said , ` Oh my God , he 's repeating -LSB- the cycle of abuse -RSB- . ' " Tyra cautions against judging Rihanna for going back to Brown . "  Sometimes we hold these celebrities up to a higher standard , but we have to look at her as a human being and understand that she is no better or no different than any other girl , " Banks says . "  She is just as easily pulled into the cycle of abuse of going back . " "  I think we need to send love to both of them , " Oprah says . "  For him to be healed , and for her to be healed also . " Oprah.com : 4 ways to heal after a tragedy Banks says she knows the cycle of abuse all too well . While in her 20s , Banks says she was emotionally abused . "  He never hit me , but I would say there were blows to my spirit , blows to my emotional well-being every day , " she says . On the outside , Banks says no one could see the signs . But behind closed doors , she says he was jealous and blamed her for his bad moods . "  He was a master at being able to be happy and nice to everybody else but whispering these negative things to me , " she says . "  I 'd start complaining to my friends , and they 're like : ` Well , he 's fine , girl . He 's fine with us . Everything 's fine . ' " Although she was one of the top 10 models in the world at the time , she says her self-esteem sunk lower and lower . "  I stayed because I felt like if I left and he did n't change and did n't treat me how I felt I deserved to be treated , I was a failure , " she says . One day , Banks says she finally confronted herself . "  I walked to the mirror in his bathroom . He was n't there , " she says . "  Out loud I looked in that mirror and I said : ` Tyra , who are you ? What the hell are you doing ? Get out of here . ' " Although Banks says she tried to leave her boyfriend many times , she managed to get sucked back into the relationship . At one point , she says she turned to her mother for help . "  I said : ` Mama , please , just take me . Pull me out of this relationship . Tell me to leave him . Hole me up in your house . Unplug the phones . Protect me from him . ' " Her mother refused . " -LSB- She said :] ` You have to do this on your own . I will be here as somebody to support you in this . But I will not tell you to leave , and I will not cut you off from him , because you 'll just run out in the middle of the night and go straight back . ' " Oprah.com : How to make an exit plan Dating violence does n't just happen in Hollywood . It can take place in any neighborhood -- including yours . Friends say high school senior and cheerleader Charney Watt was one-of-a-kind . "  She was very intelligent . She made good grades . She had a spunky attitude and was very energetic , " says Charli , a friend . "  She was also a leader in her community , and being a cheerleader , you have to influence other people . She influenced people at school and also in her neighborhood . You know , if she -LSB- had -RSB- seen you looking sad , she would come ask you what 's wrong and make sure you 're okay . " On March 1 , 2009 , police say the 18-year-old from Charlotte , North Carolina , was gunned down by her ex-boyfriend . Charney 's ex-boyfriend Gary Daniel has been charged with her murder and has not yet entered a plea . Her friends say they saw no signs that she was in an abusive relationship . "  When she came to -LSB- cheerleading -RSB- practice , her personality overcame all of that , " Charli says . "  She was just herself . " Keisha , Watt " s friend since the eighth grade , says Watt 's boyfriend used to come to all of her games . "  He used to come and see her cheer and come with her mom , " she says . "  We always thought he was a supporter , and he was a sweet person to her . " Now that they 've had to bury their close friend , Keisha and her friends hope others will learn from Charney 's experience . "  We 're hoping that Charney , what happened to her , people will look at it and realize that this type of situation is n't for you , " Keisha says.Oprah.com : Meet more women who are struggling with dating violence From The Oprah Winfrey Show Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Oprah Winfrey : Rihanna abuse allegations can be used to help other teens Tyra Banks : Chris Brown says he watched his mother suffer years of abuse Banks : Do n't judge Rihanna harshly for going back to Brown Banks says she was emotionally abused , begged mother to make her break up
CNN  -- Hurt . Devastated . Crushed . Those are words an African-American couple used to describe how they felt when they were forced to change the venue of their wedding because of their race . "  Because of the fact that we were black , some of the members of the congregation had got upset and decided that no black couple would ever be married at that church , " Charles Wilson told CNN on Sunday night . "  All we wanted to do in the eyes of God was to be man and wife in a church that we thought we felt loved . What was wrong with that ? " Charles and Te'Andrea Wilson had planned to marry this month at the First Baptist Church of Crystal Springs in Mississippi , but were asked at the last minute to move . Southern Baptists elect first black president Their pastor , Stan Weatherford , made the request on behalf of some congregants who did n't want to see the couple married there , according to CNN affiliate WLBT . He performed the ceremony at a nearby church . "  This was , had not , had never been done here before so it was setting a new  precedent  and there were those who reacted to that , " Weatherford told WLBT . "  I did n't want to have a controversy within the church , and I did n't want a controversy to affect the wedding of Charles and Te ' Andrea . I wanted to make sure their wedding day was a special day , " he reportedly said . On Sunday , some church members reacted to news of the wedding with surprise , many had n't known what happened to the Wilsons until they heard about it on the news , and offered apologies . "  I would say I 'm sorry this happened and would you forgive the people who caused it ? Because we 're gon na try to , " Bob Mack told WLBT . Talking about the group that opposed the wedding he said : "  We hope we can straighten them out , you know , get them to understand what Christianity is all about because they have some misconceptions about it . " But for Charles and Te'Andrea Wilson , support from the church now might be too little , too late . "  I had dreams of having my wedding the way I wanted it , and I also dreamed of having it at the church and unfortunately , it did n't happen , " Te'Andrea Wilson told CNN . Her husband said if there was a time to "  step up and be Christ-like , " it was before their wedding . Hindsight is 20/20 . "  If it was such a minority of people , why did n't the majority stand up and say , ` in God 's house we do n't do this ? ' " said Charles Wilson . North Dakota paper reviews ban on same-sex wedding announcements Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WLBT .	Charles and Te'Andrea Wilson say they were asked to change venues at the last minute The pastor was approached by some congregants who did n't want the wedding to take place Husband : "  All we wanted . . was to be man and wife in a church that we thought we felt loved "
CNN  -- Their stay in Parvin State Park in southwestern New Jersey was supposed to be a getaway , a chance to enjoy the wilderness and quality time with family . But when the line of strong storms came through shortly after midnight Saturday , two related families from nearby Millville decided to huddle together in a single tent hoping to ride out the strong winds and lightning together . Then , after a particularly violent gust , a pine tree snapped -- and fell right on top of them . Lives in danger as many seek refuge from extreme heat By the time help made it to the scene , past downed trees and power lines , a 2-year-old boy was already dead , said Larry Ragonese , a spokesman for the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection . His 7-year-old cousin later died on the way to a hospital , the spokesman added . "  The rest of the family members miraculously were virtually unscathed -- a couple of scratches , but nothing to them , " Ragonese told CNN . "  What they have is the horror of what happened to the two boys . " The families were n't the only ones to experience tragedy when an extreme heat spell helped spawn a powerful line of thunderstorms that swept east from Indiana to New Jersey . Millions were without power Saturday as a result , at a dangerous time given temperatures that soared past 100 degrees Fahrenheit in many of the hardest-hit locales . The combination of no electricity and extreme heat contributed to a host of unique challenges , leading officials to urge residents to do whatever they can to keep cool . Scores of cooling stations were opened up and down the East Coast . At one , in Atlanta , workers unloaded bottles of water while a resident offered advice for the city 's senior citizens . "  A lot of them do n't realize that they are suffering from dehydration . And so to come to a place that is cool , come to a place where there 's water provided , come to a place where they do n't have to worry for about 7-8 hours in 106 degree temperature , it 's really wonderful , " said Savannah Potter . Including the two boys from South Jersey , a total of 13 people died as a result of downed trees and power lines , officials said . The millions lucky enough to survive the storms are hardly out of trouble , though , especially given the widespread power outages . 5 tips to survive extreme heat The strong winds , heavy rains and continued heat made it feel tropical , and certainly dangerous , in inland states like Ohio . "  It looked like a hurricane you would see on television -- the rain was falling horizontally , the patio furniture was moving , " said CNN iReporter Louis Zur Muhlen from suburbs just north of Columbus , where he spotted burning power lines in the road . "  We have pretty severe weather with thunderstorms and such , but I have never seen winds like that , and I have n't seen this kind of damage . " Hospitals in Prince George 's County in Maryland were buzzing Saturday as people came into emergency department waiting rooms trying to get cool , said Fran Phillips , deputy secretary for the state 's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . Water was running out in Lowell , in southeastern West Virginia , because , without electricity , the town 's water tanks could n't be refilled , water and sewer operator Matt McLeish told CNN affiliate WTAP . Residents in the town use about 50,000 gallons of water a day -- yet the main storage tank only has about 80,000 gallons left in it -- prompting officials there to urge people to conserve water . In Rockville , Maryland , a mother and daughter were dealing with more ordinary , but still disappointing concerns . They were forced to cancel the young girl 's birthday party Saturday at an ice skating rink after it lost power . The family does n't have electricity at its home . "  We 're going to the mall . Montgomery Mall we hear has air conditioning so that 's where we 're off too now , " said mom Alicia Lucero . Photos : Extreme heat strikes East and Midwest Will 2012 be the hottest summer on record ? CNN 's Nick Valencia , Jareen Imam , Athena Jones , Dana Ford , Maggie Schneider and Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	NEW : An Ohio man says he has never seen such winds and damage Two boys , ages 7 and 2 , are killed while camping at a park in New Jersey They 're among 13 killed in storms that left millions without power Cooling stations open up and down the East Coast due to extreme heat
CNN  Today , Katie Meyler might be meeting with Google executives or maybe giving a talk at the United Nations about girls ' education , poverty or Ebola . But just a few months ago , she was on the front lines fighting the Ebola epidemic in Liberia . "  I think anybody that has any feelings for the countries in West Africa that were hit was feeling helpless , " Meyler said . Meyler had spent the last nine years of her life in Liberia setting up the More Than Me Academy , a tuition-free school for at-risk Liberian girls . While she was on summer break last year , visiting her family in the United States , her mind kept going back to Liberia and the Ebola outbreak . She could n't sit idle as her neighbors , friends and students were fighting for their lives . Meyler , who is not a medical professional , flew back to the front lines of a global epidemic , the last place most Americans wanted to be during the outbreak . Back in Liberia , Meyler quickly realized that fighting Ebola would be more complicated than administering medical care . With dozens of aid organizations descending on the country , few of them had a history or relationship with it . Meyler saw an opportunity to leverage her relationship with the community of West Point , the slum in which her school is located . Her ability to speak the Liberian-English dialect facilitated logistics . "  The people knew what was needed , " Meyler said . "  They knew what to do . They just did n't have the resources . " Her organization met with community leaders and they decided more ambulances were needed . In some instances , it took up to four days for an ambulance to show up . Meyler was able to bring in four ambulances and coordinate with the fathers of her students , who responded to calls by driving the ambulances . Meyler and community leaders identified what was most needed and then came up with steps to meet those needs , said Meyler . Next , they formed a group of active case finders , people who would go door to door in the poorest parts of West Point , looking for anyone that had fallen ill . Once a sick person was identified , a nursing team was dispatched to determine the next steps and treatment . The hardest part for Meyler , who often describes herself as a "  big kid , " was seeing children abandoned and orphaned by Ebola . According to UNICEF , 16,600 children have lost one or both parents to Ebola in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Meyler 's school turned one of its guesthouses into Hope 21 , a place to quarantine children suspected of having the Ebola virus . During the good times and the bad , Meyler took to Instagram to post photos and her thoughts . For nearly 100,000 of her followers , her Instagram became a window into the battle against Ebola . Social media have played a major role in the success of Meyler 's organization since its inception nine years ago . To launch More Than Me , she did everything from fund-raising on MySpace to participating in clinical research studies . In 2012 , the group was awarded a $ 1 million grant from JPMorgan Chase 's American Giving Awards , after Facebook users voted for the organization . Long before Meyler became an Ebola fighter , she grew up in a working-class family from New Jersey . She always felt underprivileged , until she became involved in community service . That 's when she decided to dedicate her life to helping people . Meyler has since won a number of awards and has been recognized for her work in Liberia . She was one of the Ebola fighters honored as Time 's Person of the Year in 2014 . "  I 'm not the same person that I was before Ebola hit , " said Meyler . Reflecting on the months she spent fighting Ebola , she said , "  The people on the front lines that were risking their lives were the people who were fighting for their own lives , who were fighting for their children 's lives . " Now it is about learning to live with Ebola , said Meyler , whose school has dozens of students who are Ebola orphans and survivors . Meyler continues to focus on girls and education in Liberia , meeting with tech giants and innovative education labs to come up with ways to better serve her students at More Than Me .	Meyler worked with the community in Liberian slum to develop Ebola response Dozens of Ebola orphans now attend More Than Me Academy
Toronto , Ontario  CNN  -- Police fired tear gas outside a prisoner processing center Sunday in Toronto where groups of people gathered to protest the arrest of G-20 demonstrators , a security spokeswoman said . A total of 604 people have been arrested since the protests broke out June 18 , said Constable Tim Garland of the Ontario Provincial Police . At least 253 of those arrests came on Sunday , he said . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper had harsh words for demonstrators who set at least four police cars ablaze and shattered several windows around the city during the weekend 's protests . "  We obviously deplore the actions of a few thugs , " Harper said at the conclusion of the G-20 summit . Some of the detained protesters were released Sunday from the prisoner processing center -- an old film studio converted to a makeshift jail amid the protests -- while others were being held for bail , Ontario Provincial Police Constable Rodney Petroski said . Some of those released emerged in their stocking feet , carrying a bag of their belongings and speaking about the conditions inside the center . Several detainees who had been arrested for "  breach of peace " told CNN that they were n't given access to legal counsel and were denied blankets and frequent trips to the bathroom outside what they described as 6-foot by 9-foot makeshift cells . Elsewhere , mobs scuffled with police in multiple locations , according to Neda Snyder , a spokeswoman for the Integrated Security Unit . Of the Sunday arrests , 70 took place on one thoroughfare , Bancroft Avenue , she said . There were no reports of serious injuries to either protesters or police , according to the ISU , which said the safety of summit participants was never compromised . "  I do not believe that the individuals bent on vandalism and violence in our city have finished with their intent , so we will remain vigilant , " Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair said Saturday night . Blair told reporters that packs of disruptive demonstrators infiltrated peaceful protests in order to cause chaos and distract police . "  These criminals rely on the anonymity of hiding in a larger group of the curious and the naive , " he said . At least four police cars went up in flames and smoke during hours of confrontation , authorities said . Protesters left behind broken windows and graffiti . Blair said police used tear gas after warning a group of protesters "  engaged in acts of destruction " Saturday . Not all encounters between police and protesters were hostile . At one intersection the crowd danced and chanted , "  You 're sexy , you 're cute , take off your riot suit ! " More aggressive groups of demonstrators moved from intersection to intersection , trying to circumvent police and get to the security fence protecting the summit meeting . "  The fence is a symbol that they can build a fence and spend a billion dollars on their agenda . The fence is a symbol of what 's wrong with this country , " protester Rolf Gerstenberger said . Authorities said the fence was not breached Saturday . Behind it , world leaders met for an economic summit focusing on recovery from the global financial crisis . Participants agreed on ambitious targets for getting deficits under control , pledging to cut them in half by 2013 , according to a final statement made at the conclusion of the conference . This weekend 's meetings come on the heels of the two-day G8 summit outside Toronto , where the leaders of the United States , Canada , France , Germany , Britain , Italy , Japan and Russia also focused on recovery from the global economic crisis . The group also made note of other thorny issues in their final statement issued Saturday , singling out Iran and North Korea for criticism . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Ali Velshi , Rachel Streitfeld and Leslie Perrot contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 253 people arrested Sunday NEW : Canadian PM : We deplore actions of thugs Protests erupt in Toronto as G-20 leaders meet Police have arrested more than 600 protesters since mid-June
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- In February 2009 , Sam Bassett got called to Gov. Rick Perry 's office . Bassett was then chairman of the Texas Forensic Science Commission , an agency set up in 2005 to regulate state crime labs after a series of embarrassing scandals . The first matter on its plate involved the 2004 execution of Cameron Todd Willingham , whose murder conviction rested largely on testimony that many arson experts now call outdated and incorrect . Aides to Perry , who allowed Willingham 's execution to go forward , started off with general questions about how things were going at the commission , a relatively new agency , Bassett said . But then they started asking about Willingham , questioning whether the commission 's review of the evidence in his case was beyond its legal powers . "  As soon as we started discussing the Willingham investigation , the meeting got more confrontational and more difficult , " Bassett said . About six months later , Bassett 's term on the commission was up -- and despite letters from members urging his reappointment , Perry replaced him and three other appointees . The move came at what Bassett calls a "  critical point , " two days before the commission was to hear from an expert who had delivered a scathing report on the Willingham case . The governor 's new pick for chairman soon put the brakes on the investigation , raising some of the same questions about the commission 's authority that Bassett said Perry 's aides had . And in July , with Perry gearing up for a run for president , the state 's attorney general delivered an opinion that appears to sharply limit the commission 's authority . The Forensic Science Commission is meeting Thursday to decide what it can still do in light of that opinion . For Bassett , an Austin defense lawyer , it 's the culmination of what he now calls a methodical campaign to shut down an investigation that might embarrass Perry . "  At first , when I was replaced , I gave the governor the benefit of the doubt , " he said . "  But now that time has passed , I 've seen this kind of endless drumbeat of strategies and actions to stop this investigation , and it 's been terribly disappointing . " Perry 's campaign dismissed Bassett 's accusations Wednesday , repeating the governor 's characterization of Willingham as a "  monster " who had sent his three young daughters to a fiery death . "  The case has been scrutinized and reviewed by a jury , state and federal courts , the news media , anti-death penalty activists and the Forensic Science Commission , " Perry spokesman Mark Miner told CNN in an e-mail . "  Willingham was guilty of murdering his children . " The statement did not directly address Bassett 's accusations . Bassett 's role in the matter ended in October 2009 . He said Perry 's office called him just days before the commission was slated to hear from the expert it hired to review the evidence in the Willingham case . He said a Perry aide thanked him for his service , but told him Perry "  wants to take the commission in a different direction . " Though the shakeup was controversial at the time , it was barely mentioned in Perry 's 2010 re-election campaign . Perry is now seeking the Republican nomination for president , and Bassett says the Willingham case is a window into Perry 's leadership . "  He 's not always open to any contradictory viewpoints that could actually be helpful , " said Bassett , who describes himself as a Democratic-leaning supporter of capital punishment in some cases . When the Willingham last-minute plea for a stay came before him , "  There was nobody at the helm to raise a flag and tell him , ` This is serious ... this guy may have been convicted on faulty science , ' " Bassett said . Bassett said July 's opinion from Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott "  provides Governor Perry with the cover he probably needs to totally squash the investigation . " Representatives of the attorney general 's office raised no concerns about the Forensic Science Commission 's jurisdiction when the panel voted unanimously to take on the Willingham investigation , he said . The Corsicana man was put to death in February 2004 . It was one of 234 executions Perry has overseen as the longest-serving U.S. governor and the head of the most death-penalty-friendly state . Authorities in Corsicana say they remain convinced of Willingham 's guilt , arguing that other evidence beyond the now-challenged arson testimony supported his conviction . The state fire marshal 's office has told the Forensic Science Commission it stands by the findings in his case . Bassett said the commission was never looking into whether Willingham was innocent -- but he said much of the evidence cited in his trial is now considered "  junk science . " Perry 's campaign also noted that Willingham 's ex-wife now believes in his guilt . And his state office told CNN that Willingham "  had full access to every level of the appeals process , and his conviction was consistently upheld . " "  His conviction was reviewed and upheld by multiple levels of state and federal courts , including nine federal courts -- four times by the U.S. Supreme Court alone over the course of more than a decade , " deputy press secretary Lucy Nashed said in a written response to questions by CNN . In Willingham 's case , Perry 's office says the governor was briefed on a last-minute filing by Austin-based fire science expert Gerald Hurst that found the deadly blaze was likely not arson , but he refused to grant a stay of execution for further investigation . Nashed told CNN that Hurst 's review of investigators ' findings in the Willingham fire was also reviewed by appeals courts and the state Board of Pardons and Paroles , which rebuffed a plea for clemency . State and federal appeals courts "  agreed that the new opinion by Gerald Hurst was simply an opinion and did not merit reopening the case , " she wrote . Two subsequent reviews have backed up Hurst 's conclusions , finding that advances in the science of arson investigation since Willingham 's trial rendered obsolete most of the signs that fire marshals pointed to as evidence of arson in the case . In the 1990s , researchers determined that several of the things cited in Willingham 's trial were likely to be produced in fully involved accidental fires . The appearance of spider web-like cracks in panes of glass , once believed to have been the result of fires started with flammable liquids , turned out to be caused by the rapid cooling of windows sprayed with water . Experiments conducted during that period showed burn patterns once thought to show multiple points of origin -- another possible indicator of arson -- also appear when the intense heat of even an accidental blaze radiates downward and sets items like furniture and carpet afire . The most recent review was conducted by Maryland arson expert Craig Beyler at the request of the Forensic Science Commission . Beyler , then chairman of the International Association of Fire Safety Science , sharply criticized the testimony against Willingham and questioned whether it met even the standards of the day . Beyler ultimately appeared before the commission in January 2011 , 15 months after he had been scheduled to answer questions about his report . The commission began looking into Willingham 's conviction at the request of Willingham 's family and The Innocence Project , which works on behalf of inmates it believes are wrongly convicted . The group has blasted Perry over his role in the issue , accusing him of trying to shut down the probe . Stephen Saloom , the group 's policy director , told CNN that the investigation should go forward for the sake of hundreds of other prisoners now serving time for arson , some of whom also may have been convicted based on outdated fire science . "  The Willingham case really demonstrates how severe the consequences can be when you use bad forensic evidence , " Saloom said .	The former chairman of a state commission criticizes Gov. Rick Perry Bassett says the case is a window into Rick Perry 's leadership Perry signed off on Cameron Todd Willingham 's execution in 2004 Arson experts say conviction was partly based on "  junk science "
CNN  -- Fallujah and Ramadi may have been sites of heavy bloodshed in recent days , but the Sunni Muslims of Iraq 's Anbar Province , where the two cities are located , have long held a contemptuous attitude towards the embattled government of Prime Minister  and Shia Muslim  Nuri al-Maliki . Iraqi politics and many aspects of economic and social affairs have come to be dominated by antagonistic relationships between the country 's Sunni and Shia populations . Nowhere is that more evident than in Anbar . For all intents and purposes , Fallujah and Ramadi are now out of the control of the central government and are now ruled under the authority , to differing degrees , of Sunni militiamen , local  tribally influenced  police , and extremist militants from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . READ MORE : Maliki demands Fallujah expel "  terrorists " Having already launched a substantial military offensive targeting ISIS in Anbar 's desert terrain on December 23 , the Iraqi Army has now shifted much of its attention towards securing the province 's key towns and cities . Arresting Ahmed al-Alwani , a powerful Sunni MP from Ramadi -- and killing his brother Ali -- on December 28 enraged the people of Anbar . But the coordinated military operation to shut down the city 's expansive anti-government protest camp two days later was simply one move too far . Most tribes issued calls to arms and demanded the withdrawal of all federal armed forces from the province . Heavy fighting soon followed , the army withdrew personnel from all cities , and the convoys of heavily armed ISIS militants streamed into Ramadi and Fallujah , where security resistance was quickly subdued . As things stand today , the army stands poised to launch a major assault on Fallujah , where ISIS militants and local tribesmen are now the predominant force . Meanwhile in Ramadi , Sunni tribesmen -- particularly from the Albu Bali and the Al-Ghanim tribes -- have taken a more pragmatic approach and cooperated with local security forces in limited operations against ISIS militants . READ MORE : 5 things to know about Iraq crisis Iraqi security was in dire straits well before the outbreak of deadly violence in Anbar . 2013 has been the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 . Much of this can be attributed to ISIS ' rapid escalation of operations in Iraq , which has undoubtedly been aided by its expansion into Syria 's civil conflict in April 2013 . And with Iraqi elections scheduled to take place in April , Prime Minister Maliki is likely feeling pressure to present a strongman image , particularly to his core Shia constituents . At times in recent months , Maliki has adopted sharply sectarian rhetoric when referring to Sunni elements opposed to his government and has often presented the Sunni protest movement  including the Ramadi camp  as inherently connected to al Qaeda . With no substantive evidence to back these claims , it increasingly appeared that "  al Qaeda " was being used as a political tool . This is not in any way to suggest ISIS  a structure that in fact ceased to officially be "  al Qaeda " in 2007  does not pose a threat ; quite the contrary . But tribes wield great influence in Anbar , and their dominant position within local security forces -- particularly the police -- meant ISIS had previously been restricted to an existence in the desert . Ironically , it was probably Maliki 's crackdown on the Ramadi protest camp and the botched arrest of Ahmed al-Alwani that created the conditions for ISIS militants to move into the cities . But they 're not the only force on the ground . In Fallujah , defected local police personnel and armed tribesmen opposed to the federal government arguably represent the superior force . For Maliki , neutralizing the protest movement before the elections was of paramount importance . Exploiting the threat of ISIS in order to exert military authority over the heavily tribal Sunni heartland of Anbar was a bold move . And the deployment of large numbers of army personnel from the predominantly Shia provinces of Maysan , Dhi Qar and Basra underlines the need to bring fiercely loyal forces into what will inevitably become a bloody fight . READ MORE : Tribesmen join in fight against al Qaeda Fallujah now looks set to be the major flashpoint . While the military assault on the city has been temporarily suspended to allow for tribal negotiations to take place , at least some measure of military assault appears inevitable . It is likely the army will employ air strikes , artillery and mortar fire in preparation for a ground assault . Unfortunately , such tactics tend to incur heavy civilian casualties , which will only fuel greater anti-government sentiment and encourage tribal hostility . As U.S. and coalition forces discovered to their grave dismay in 2004 , a siege of Fallujah wo n't end in days or weeks . Given the inherently social-level aspect of the tribal opposition to Maliki 's government and the complexity of defeating any insurgent group in an urban environment , army forces will likely be deployed in and around Anbar 's urban centers for some time to come -- risking prolonging tensions even further in the process . Considering the overwhelming attention given to the role of ISIS role in this grim state of affairs , it is unsurprising that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has pledged to support Maliki 's offensive in Anbar -- albeit not with troops on the ground . The U.S. sent 75 Hellfire air-to-ground missiles to the Iraqi military in December and has pledged to accelerate the sale of a further 100 this spring . U.S. ScanEagle and Raven reconnaissance drones are also set to bolster the army 's capability to combat terrorism . This may be a reasonable policy on paper , but when placed within recent geopolitical dynamics in the region it risks bolstering the widespread perception within the Middle East 's Sunni communities that the U.S. has recently undertaken a fundamental policy shift -- now aligning with Shia powers at the expense of Sunni ones . The September 14 deal agreed between the U.S. and Russia on Syria 's chemical weapons -- not to mention the interim nuclear deal the U.S. signed with Iran two months later -- has damaged U.S. relations with Gulf states and weakened U.S. relations with all sectors of Syria 's opposition . The provision of sophisticated military equipment to the ultimately Shia-commanded Iraqi military , which is deploying Shia loyalist forces into a hostile Sunni tribal environment , risks further consolidating this emerging interpretation of international geopolitics . Maliki may be heartened by an Iranian offer to provide military equipment and advisory support in Anbar -- a politically astute move by Iran -- but it certainly wo n't help the U.S. dispel the perception that it has to some degree switched sides . For Maliki and Iraq , ISIS remains an extremely concerning problem . ISIS has now established an urban presence in Anbar -- particularly in Fallujah and , to a lesser extent , in Ramadi -- that must be overthrown . In this situation , and indeed in many in the Middle East , the tribes will play the role of kingmakers , and for those who have not already pragmatically sided with federal authorities , Maliki must change the perception in Anbar that he -- and not ISIS -- is their bigger enemy . Crucially , local -- and not federal -- security forces enjoy productive structural links with the tribes , and should form the backbone of any urban fighting force in Anbar -- as already appears to be case in areas of Ramadi . If the army launches an all-out offensive on Fallujah , ISIS will likely be the main benefactor . Ten years ago , the U.S. military led two major offensives on militants in Fallujah . While the actors may have changed or evolved since , history appears to be repeating itself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Lister .	Recent fighting in Anbar province poses serious challenge to Iraqi government Al Qaeda-linked militants reportedly fighting alongside tribal leaders in Fallujah 2013 was deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 U.S. and coalition forces suffered some of worst losses during Iraq War in Anbar province
CNN  -- Ten years ago , the adjective "  Tarantinoesque " was an integral tool in any critic 's arsenal . It seemed like every other young filmmaker was tramping the bloody , funny trail blazed by "  Reservoir Dogs " and "  Pulp Fiction " ; rueful hitmen lurked around every corner . Brendan Gleeson and Colin Farrell star as hitman waiting in picturesque Belgium in "  In Bruges . " The fad faded , and the shine has gone off the Tarantino brand name , but his influence is right back with a vengeance in playwright Martin McDonagh 's first feature , "  In Bruges . " The film is more Tarantinoesque than anything Quentin Tarantino himself has made in years . The trouble is , that 's not so much a compliment now . It 's more of a mixed blessing . Colin Farrell plays a slow-witted , volatile Irish hitman , Ray , exiled to the medieval city of Bruges along with his partner-in-crime , Ken  Brendan Gleeson  , after their latest job has gone awry . Why Bruges ? That 's what Ray wants to know . Belgium is not high on his list of places to see , and the charms of this "  fairy-tale " city are lost on him , to put it mildly : "  If I 'd grown up on a farm and was retarded , Bruges might impress me . But I did n't , so it does n't , " he explains . Ken , on the other hand , is enchanted . Older and wiser , he burrows into his guidebook and laps up the ancient churches , the canals and cobbled streets . In any case , he reasons , the boss would n't have sent them here just to lie low ; there must be a fresh assignment in the offing . "  Shoot first . Sightsee later , " is a neat marketing line , but it 's the reverse of McDonagh 's agenda . Prettily photographed by Eigil Bryld , "  In Bruges " should do wonders for the Belgian tourist biz . For half an hour or so the movie ambles along on the strength of its quirky odd couple pairing , taking in the sites : the twitchy , stir-crazy Ray reluctantly bowing to Ken 's sit-back-and-wait strategy . Farrell -- who always seems more energized when he 's acting in his native Irish accent -- plays the none-too-bright Ray as a big kid , roiling between hedonism and despondency . Gleeson is more than an effective foil . His somber decency is practically beatific ; all the grace notes are Ken 's . McDonagh already has an Academy Award under his belt for the short "  Six Shooter , " but he 's better known for savage , provocative plays like "  A Skull in Connemara " and "  The Lieutenant of Inishmore . " His first feature has spurts of cavalier violence and great gales of unfettered bile and profanity -- most of it played for shock and laughter . A racist monologue by an inebriated dwarf , for instance , or a couple of comically virulent anti-American diatribes seem designed purely to raise hackles and the stakes , as if the script had been written on a whim and a dare . The writer 's bravado can be exhilarating , but frequently the excess is all there is to hang on to : McDonagh 's self-conscious , clumsy direction does n't smooth over some ramshackle plotting . Still , he also wants to land a few kicks where it hurts . Ray has more blood on his hands than he can bear . If Bruges is "  a hellhole , " it 's a hell of his own making -- he stares intently on Bosch 's "  Last Judgment " to hammer home the point . There 's an Irish stew of Catholic guilt and expiation bubbling away in the background , and McDonagh ladles it on thick in a climax that plunges headlong into surrealism and allegory , with even the worst of the gangsters harping on an antiquated chivalric code .  The top dog is played by Ralph Fiennes , seemingly intent on out-mugging Ben Kingsley 's fearsome Don Logan from "  Sexy Beast . " It has to be said , none of these men are remotely plausible professional killers , and little that they say or do would make sense in the real world . In Bruges -- well , maybe . For a spell , at least , McDonagh allows us to entertain that fancy . But for all his movie 's tough talk , it 's a sometimes slipshod construction . "  In Bruges " is rated R and runs 101 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here . E-mail to a friend	"  In Bruges " about two hitmen cooling heels in Bruges , Belgium Colin Farrell , Brendan Gleeson star as main characters Reviewer : Film has clever moments , but often excessive without point
Nick Wilkins was diagnosed with leukemia when he was 4 years old , and when the cancer kept bouncing back , impervious to all the different treatments the doctors tried , his father sat him down for a talk . John Wilkins explained to Nick , who was by then 14 , that doctors had tried chemotherapy , radiation , even a bone marrow transplant from his sister . "  I explained to him that we 're running out of options , " Wilkins remembers telling his son . There was one possible treatment they could try : an experimental therapy at the University of Pennsylvania . He asked his son if he understood what it would mean if this treatment did n't work . "  He understood he could die , " Wilkins says . "  He was very stoic . " A few months later , Nick traveled from his home in Virginia to Philadelphia to become a part of the experiment . This new therapy was decidedly different from the treatments he 'd received before : Instead of attacking his cancer with poisons like chemotherapy and radiation , the Philadelphia doctors taught Nick 's own immune cells to become more adept at killing the cancer . Two months later , he emerged cancer-free . It 's been six months since Nick , now 15 , received the personalized cell therapy , and doctors still can find no trace of leukemia in his system . Trusting her intuition led to two cancer diagnoses Twenty-one other young people received the same treatment at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , and 18 of them , like Nick , went into complete remission -- one of them has been disease-free for 20 months . The Penn doctors released their findings this weekend at the annual meeting of the American Society of Hematology . "  It gives us hope that this is a cure , " Nick 's father says . "  They 're really close . I think they 're really onto something . " ' A whole new realm of medicine ' At the conference , two other cancer centers -- Memorial Sloan-Kettering in New York and the National Cancer Institute -- will be announcing results with immunotherapies like the one Nick received . The results are promising , especially considering that the patients had no success with practically every other therapy . "  This is absolutely one of the more exciting advances I 've seen in cancer therapy in the last 20 years , " said Dr. David Porter , a hematologist and oncologist at Penn. "  We 've entered into a whole new realm of medicine . " In the therapy , doctors first remove the patient 's T-cells , which play a crucial role in the immune system . They then reprogram the cells by transferring in new genes . Once infused back into the body , each modified cell multiplies to 10,000 cells . These "  hunter " cells then track down and kill the cancer in a patient 's body . Essentially , researchers are trying to train Nick 's body to fight off cancer in much the same way our bodies fight off the common cold . Tumor Paint : Changing the way surgeons fight cancer In addition to the pediatric patients , Penn scientists tried the therapy out in 37 adults with leukemia , and 12 went into complete remission . Eight more patients went into partial remission and saw some improvements in their disease . The treatment does make patients have flulike symptoms for a short period of time -- Nick got so sick he ended up in the intensive care unit for a day -- but patients are spared some of the more severe and long-lasting side effects of extensive chemotherapy . Penn will now work with other medical centers to test the therapy in more patients , and they plan to try the therapy out in other types of blood cancers and later in solid tumors . A university press release says it has a licensing relationship with the pharmaceutical company Novartis and "  received significant financial benefit " from the trial , and Porter and other inventors of the technology "  have benefited financially and/or may benefit financially in the future . " Searching for one-in-a-million cancer cells The big question is whether Nick 's leukemia will come back . Doctors are cautiously optimistic . The studies have only been going on since 2010 , but so far relapse rates have been relatively low : of the 18 other pediatric patients who went into complete remission , only five have relapsed and of the 12 adults who went into complete remission , only one relapsed . Some of the adult patients have been cancer-free and without a relapse for more than three years and counting . Relapses after this personalized cell therapy may be more promising than relapses after chemotherapy or a bone marrow transplant , Porter explained . First , doctors have been delighted to find the reengineered T-cells -- the ones that know how to hunt down and attack cancer -- are still alive in the patients ' bodies after more than three years . Stigma lingers for deadliest cancer "  The genetically modified T-cells have survived , " Porter said . "  They 're still present and functional and have the ability to protect against recurrence . " Second , before declaring patients in remission , Penn doctors scoured especially hard for errant leukemia cells . Traditionally , for the kind of leukemia Nick has , doctors can find one in 1,000 to one in 10,000 cancer cells . But Penn 's technology could find one in 100,000 to one in a million cancer cells , and did n't find any in Nick or any of the patients who went into complete remission . ` It 's not a fluke ' One of the best aspects of this new treatment is that it wo n't be terribly difficult to reproduce at other medical centers , Porter said , and one day , instead of being used only experimentally , it could be available to anyone who needed it . "  Our hope is that this can progress really quite quickly , " he said . "  It wo n't be available to everyone next year , but I do n't think it would take a decade , either . " Right now patients can only get this therapy if they 're in a study , but Dr. Renier Brentjens , director for cellular therapeutics at Memorial Sloan-Kettering , says he thinks it could become available to all patients in just three to five years . "  When you have three centers all with a substantial number of patients seeing the same thing -- that these cells work in this disease - you know it 's not a fluke , " he said . Two days ago , Brentjens became the co-founder of Juno Therapeutics , a for-profit biotech start-up company that 's working on immunotherapies . "  Fifteen years ago I was in the lab looking at these cells kill tumor cells in a petri dish and then I saw them kill tumor cells in mice , and then finally in humans , " Brentjens said . He says he 'll never forget the first patient he treated , who initially had an enormous amount of cancer cells in his bone marrow . Then after the therapy , Brentjens looked under the microscope and , in awe , realized he could n't find a single cancer cell . "  I ca n't describe what that 's like , " he said . "  It 's fantastic . "	Nick Wilkins was out of options for battling leukemia He is now cancer free after an experimental treatment Doctors taught Nick 's immune cells to become adept at killing cancer Experts hope the treatment will quickly become more widely available
CNN  -- Not too long ago , students had to craft an essay if they wanted to win a scholarship . Now , they just can craft a tweet . The Kentucky Fried Chicken Foundation is asking eligible high school seniors to tweet a photo that illustrates their commitment to education and enriching their communities . The KFC Colonel 's Scholars winner , announced December 15 , will receive up to $ 5,000 per year to pursue a bachelor 's degree at a public university in his or her home state . KFC started the Twitter contest last year as a way of reinvigorating its scholarship program for the social media age . The competition saw over 2,800 applicants , with the winning tweet coming from California high school senior Amanda Russell : " #KFCScholar Hey Colonel ! Your scholarship 's the secret ingredient missing from my recipe for success ! Got the grades , drive , just need cash ! " Other organizations , perhaps weary of wading through applicants ' lengthy essays , also are offering eager students ways to turn a 140-character message into money for college . Last summer Scholarships.com awarded a "  Short and Tweet " $ 1,000 cash prize and Amazon Kindle e-readers to three students who tweeted winning answers to questions like , "  What would an extra $ 1,000 for college mean to you ? " "  No lengthy essay , no pile of paperwork -- just your thoughts , in real time , " promised the contest 's website . "  To enter , simply log on to Twitter ... " In place of an essay , the University of Iowa 's Tippie College of Business offered a full $ 38,000 scholarship to its MBA program for the best tweet from a prospective student . "  That 's right , it 's a 140-character application that pays $ 271 per letter , " said the school 's website . Why a tweet ? Jodi Schafer , the University of Iowa 's director of MBA admissions and financial aid , told USA Today that application essays were "  becoming unoriginal . " She said "  we 're hoping that incorporating social media in the process will help bring back some of that creativity . " Applicants were encouraged to include in their tweet links to blogs , videos or Facebook accounts . The college plans to bring back the tweeting scholarship next year to international applicants . Competitions like these are done more for marketing purposes than finding qualified candidates , said Sree Sreenivasan , a digital-media professor who teaches classes on Twitter at Columbia Journalism School . He cited a scholarship sponsored by Dr. Pepper that was awarded to a girl who threw the most football passes into a giant Dr. Pepper can at the SEC Championship game . "  How is that better or worse than Twitter ? " he asked . Sreenivasan believes these scholarships get buzz because they are "  marketing to the extreme . " He said he would not be surprised to see more competitions like this in the future , because marketers are very imitative . This year 's KFC scholarship competition explores students ' creativity in a different way by asking them to tweet a picture instead of just a snippet of text . The ideal image should capture their high school experiences and collegiate dreams . KFC Public Relations Manager Rick Maynard says snapping pictures and sharing them online comes naturally to this generation of students , and the scholarship is a new way to connect with social-networking teens . "  The Colonel was a lifelong learner , reinventing himself at the age of 65 when he turned a $ 105 Social Security check into what would become a global chicken chain . He would have been thrilled to see how KFC continues to adapt to fit the changing consumer landscape , " Maynard said . Maynard said KFC is watching for new technological trends to help the company decide what to do for next year 's competition . In the meantime , students may submit photos until December 13 , and the winner will be named around December 15 .	KFC offers a $ 20,000 scholarship for the student who tweets the best picture In a sign of the times , tweets have replaced essays for some scholarship contests University of Iowa gave $ 38,000 scholarship for best tweet from prospective MBA student
EW.com  -- When "  American Idol " season 12 premiered lower in the ratings than last year , that was to be expected -- returning weaker has been the show 's trend for several years . When "  Idol " numbers dipped after the show moved from auditions to the Hollywood rounds , that was also to be expected too -- the reality veteran 's ratings tend to sag during the middle portion of its run every year . But "  Idol " is dropping nearly every week and last night was down 50 percent from its Thursday night premiere this season ... and that 's scary . EW : ` Girl Meets World ' Mr. Feeny on set ! Thursday 's "  Idol " fell another 7 percent down to 11.7 million viewers and a 2.8 rating among adults 18-49 . Again : a 2.8 rating . For the first time ever , ABC 's "  Grey 's Anatomy " topped "  Idol " in these early numbers . Hell , "  Scandal " nearly tied "  Idol ! " Here 's "  Idol 's " Wednesday night track in the demo since its debut this season : 6.0 , 5.5 , 5.5 , 4.6 , 4.3 , 4.1 , 3.9 , 3.8 , 3.8 , 3.6 . While Thursday 's trend has been : 5.6 , 5.2 , 4.5 , 4.1 , 3.7 , 3.9 , 3.8 , 3.6 , 3.1 and then last night 's preliminary 2.8 , down 33 percent from last year 's airing this week . The only time the show 's ratings have gone up this season was the week after Valentine 's Day  which is a traditionally soft night for TV viewing  . EW : NBC 's ` Leno ' plan , some ask why Elsewhere on the grid : ABC 's regular-folks version of "  Wife Swap " was up from its last season premiere . "  Grey 's " was up 12 percent . A special "  1600 Penn " at 8:30 was softer than "  Parks and Recreation " in the slot . CW 's "  Vampire Diaries " perked up a tenth for last night 's punk rock episode . Full Chart : ADULT DEMO RANK ADULTS 18-49 RATING TOTAL VIEWERS  +000 FOX 8-9P AMERICAN IDOL # 2 2.8 11,652 9-10P GLEE # 4 2.0 5,893 ABC 8-9P WIFE SWAP P # 6 1.7 5,004 9-10P GREY ANATOMY # 1 2.9 9,107 10-11P SCANDAL # 3 2.7 8,570 CBS 8-930P NCAA S # 5 1.9 5,757 9:30 P NCAA S # 7 1.5 4,345 10-11P NCAA S # 8t 1.2 3,299 NBC 8:00 P COMMUNITY # 10t 1.1 3,025 8:30 P 1600 PENN S # 12t 0.9 2,541 9:00 P OFFICE R # 12t 0.9 2,314 9:30 P 1600 PENN # 14 0.8 2,289 10-11P LAW&SVU R # 10t 1.1 4,216 CW 8-9P VAMPIRE DIARIES # 8t 1.2 2,554 9-10P BEAUTY&BEAST # 15 0.7 1,773 See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	` Idol 's ' return ratings have dropped in the past few years It is now dropping nearly every week Thursday night 's episode fell another 7 percent
EW.com  -- For the first time since Cory Monteith 's untimely death in July , the fallen actor 's on - and off-screen girlfriend Lea Michele has addressed her loss in an interview -- with TV Week Australia . "  I feel like , for me personally , I 've lost two people : Cory and Finn , " Michele told the magazine . But even though Monteith 's death was devastating , Michele added that she never really considered quitting the show : "  Everyone is asking , ` Is it hard to do this ? Is it hard to be back at work ? ' But the truth is , it 's no harder at work than it is in life -- so we might as well all be together as a family supporting each other to get through this together . " EW : Hear all the Cory Monteith tribute songs from ` Glee ' ; which one is the saddest ? That support came early and often , as when the show held a private memorial for Monteith on set : "  We had a beautiful memorial for Cory in the auditorium and some of the cast members sang and people spoke about him , " Michele remembered . "  It only felt right that we would do the same thing for Finn , so I felt it was very therapeutic . " She describes the show 's on-screen tribute -- which airs on Fox this Thursday -- as "  perfect , " though Michele has n't watched the episode itself : "  I have n't seen it yet , but we did it because it was something we all needed to do together . " EW : ` Glee ' debuts trailer for Cory Monteith memorial episode Michele 's costars Matthew Morrison and Jane Lynch , as well as Glee creator Ryan Murphy , joined her for the interview -- and clearly , they 've been impressed by the strength and leadership she showed in the weeks following Monteith 's passing . "  She had one of the first songs we filmed for the -LSB- tribute -RSB- episode , and she did it so beautifully . And after , she said something like , ` It ca n't be harder for anyone else than it was for me , ' " Morrison told TV Week . "  So , we knew we had to show up because our leader stepped forward and kind of gave permission to all of us to do it . I do n't think we could have done it without her . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lea Michele is talking about the death of boyfriend Cory Monteith Says she feels like she lost two people : Monteith and his character The series will have a memorial episode in his honor
CNN  -- The distraught family of a university student allegedly killed and dismembered by a Canadian porn actor have journeyed from their village in China to Montreal , where the grisly act took place . The family of Jun Lin , 33 , met with investigators Wednesday , Montreal police told CNN affiliate CTV . Yan Shi , the head of the Chinese student association at Concordia University , where Lin was studying , told CTV that Lin 's mother was extremely emotional and could not get through her words without constant tears . "  We come to take you home now , " she said . In the grisliest Montreal crime in years , police believe porn actor Luka Rocco Magnotta killed and dismembered Lin and posted a 10-minute video of it online . Montreal police Cmdr. Ian Lafreniere said the video shows Magnotta engaged in sexual acts involving body parts and also included evidence of cannibalism . The sick fascination with a death video Police believe Magnotta sent Lin 's body parts by mail to Ottawa and Vancouver . Magnotta then fled Montreal for Europe . Police arrested Magnotta in Berlin on Monday after he was spotted in an Internet cafe . He will be extradited to Canada to face first-degree murder charges . Suspect and victim knew each other , though has not defined the nature of their relationship . Lin 's family hailed from a village in China and did not have much money , Lafreniere said . Montrealers have stepped up to help them in their days of absolute grief . "  I am proud of that , " Lafreniere said . Magnotta described himself as ' a people person ' At a corner convenience store where Lin worked , a makeshift memorial went up with notes of condolences . Kankan Huang , Lin 's boss at the store , said he felt terrible for the family . "  If they need anything , I can do my best , " he told CTV . All along , as gruesome details of this case have surfaced , Lafreniere has taken care with reporters to be mindful of the family 's feelings and to show respect . Parts of Lin 's body are still missing , including his head . "  We have been working extremely hard to find all the body parts with respect to the family , " Lafreniere said . Lin 's left hand and foot were mailed to the headquarters of Canada 's Conservative and Liberal parties in Ottawa . His right hand and foot showed up this week at two Vancouver schools . Lafreniere told Vancouver radio station CKNW that Magnotta had spent time in Vancounver . "  Was it just passing by , or been there for a long time . We do n't know , " he said . "  But we know he used to be in Vancouver , at least . " Montreal police are investigating a website that hosted Magnotta 's chilling 10-minute video of Lin 's murder . The site could face criminal charges for publishing obscene material . Magnotta 's name made headlines last week but he had already left disturbing trail in cyberspace . Lafreniere said investigators plan to look into accusations by online animal rights activists that Magnotta killed kittens by suffocation or drowning and videotaped himself doing it . There are also rumored links between the suspect and notorious killer Karla Homolka , arrested in 1993 for the rapes and murders of three Ontario girls , including her own sister . As part of a plea bargain , Homolka served 12 years in prison and was released a few years ago . So far , Lafreniere said investigators have no evidence linking Magnotta to other crimes . But he remains the sole suspect in Lin 's killing . "  Right now , we got no reason to believe there could be someone else involved in this horrible crime , " Lafreniere said . CNN 's Moni Basu and Paula Newton contributed to this report .	` We come to take you home now , ' Jun Lin 's mother says Police believe porn actor Luka Rocco Magnotta killed Lin and dismembered him Lin 's family made the painful journey from China to Montreal Magnotta was arrested in Berlin and will be extradited to Canada
Washington  CNN  -- Late last week , the leaders and finance ministers of the 20 biggest economies , the G-20 , met in Cannes for their annual media extravaganza . Surprise , surprise , the G-20 summit failed to allay anxieties about Greece -- and has left the whole world anxious that Italy might be the next Euro country to plunge into crisis . As usual , it 's very hard to see what could possibly be accomplished in an unwieldy format like this . Taxpayers confronting the enormous cost must wonder : How on earth did this event ever come into being anyway ? A bit of history : Thirty-five years ago , a president of France had a very good idea : In the mid-1970s , the Western world faced the first serious economic crisis since World War II : a spike in the price of oil that had sparked record unemployment and unusual inflation . Cooperation between the big economies was necessary . Unfortunately , the new leaders of the Western world did not know each other as well personally as had the great postwar generation of Eisenhower , DeGaulle , Adenauer and so on . Yes , the leaders encountered each other at the U.N. General Assembly and other big useless crushes . And yes , sometimes they scheduled bilateral meetings to discuss particular pieces of business . But would n't it be nice if the leaders could just regularly sit down for a sequence of informal talk , no particular agenda , just get-to-know-you , hear what 's on your mind ? Accordingly , President Valery Giscard D'Estaing proposed a new kind of summit for the leaders of the world 's six largest economies : two days at a location outside a capital city , to be followed by a bland communique that sent the message : "  If we told you what we discussed at our confidential talks , then they would not be confidential talks , would they ? " The first meeting was held at Rambouillet , some 25 miles outside of Paris . By all accounts , the meeting was a great success . No , the leaders did not overcome their economic challenges . But they built new relationships , so much so that four leaders in particular remained close friends for the rest of their lives : D'Estaing , U.S. President Gerald Ford , German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt , and British Prime Minister James Callaghan . The small summit was recognized as so useful that it quickly evolved into a permanent institution . Yet almost as soon as the institution was created , it began -- as international institutions so often do -- to bloat from useful innovation into useless behemoth . The Rambouillet meeting in November 1975 was followed by a meeting in Dorado , Puerto Rico , in June 1976 . At the behest of the United States , Canada was added to the group , which thus became known as the G-7 .  The other six countries , by the way , were the United States , Japan , West Germany , Britain , France and Italy . The Canadian addition was an excellent innovation . Not so what happened the next year . In retaliation for the addition of Canada -- opposed by France , which was then engaged in a grudge match with Canada over independence for the French-speaking province of Quebec -- the French demanded and got the addition of the president of the EU Commission at the third meeting , in London in 1978 . As the meetings became a fixture on the annual calendar , the agenda for the meetings began to fill . The number of aides in attendance grew . The press coverage escalated : hundreds of journalists converged on the 1988 meeting in Toronto . With so many TV cameras eager for video , political entrepreneurs inevitably materialized to provide the video the cameras needed : counter-summits , political demonstrations , and so on . Three thousand protesters convened in Toronto . Security costs escalated correspondingly : to a then-astounding $ 30 million . Toronto 1988 was noteworthy as the last of the Cold War summits . As the world moved into a new political era , the G-7 summit elephantized in earnest . In 1996 , the leaders of the UN , World Bank , International Monetary Fund and World Trade Organization were added . In 1997 , Russia joined the group , now renamed the G-8 - despite the awkward fact that the Russian economy had shrunk to approximately the size of that of the Netherlands . The Russian addition raised the question : If Russia , why not China ? And what 's with the whole "  largest economies " thing anyway ? Is n't that kind of ... stuck-up ? To respond to that concern , a new forum was created in 1999 : a meeting of the finance ministers of the 20 largest economies , called  you guessed it  the G-20 . During the financial crisis of 2008 , the US urged a summit of the heads of government of the G-20 . What was intended as an emergency summit instantly congealed into a recurring gathering , held in the late fall after the G-8 meetings of mid-summer . If the G-20 was intended to thwart demands for ever huger expansion of the G-8 - it failed . Beginning with the Okinawa summit hosted by Japan in 2000 , five poor countries were added to the G-8 guest list : South Africa was included as a permanent invitee , along with four rotating slots for countries like Senegal and Algeria . And if you were already adding poor countries , should n't we add agencies that address poor country concerns ? In 2000 , the World Health Organization gained attendance rights too . The 2001 meeting in Genoa , Italy , was stage-managed by Italy 's showman prime minister Silvio Berlusconi . He accommodated most of the leaders on luxury cruise ships in Genoa harbor to isolate them from the violent protesters on the mainland . Total costs for the summit were now soaring toward and then past the quarter-billion mark . In 2003 , China and India were added as temporary members : the group was now being called the G-8 +5 . The G-8 +5 format quickly broke down however . At the 2004 meeting in Sea Island , Georgia , the United States invited 13 additional countries  plus of course all those international organizations  . Over successive years , additional international organizations would be added to the roster : the African Union , UNESCO , the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , and the League of Arab States . In 2010 , Canada hosted the G-8 summit of world leaders  in the rural setting of Huntsville , Ontario  , at the same time as the G-20 finance ministers met in downtown Toronto . For the first time , costs pass the $ 1 billion mark mostly due to higher security expenses . But this experiment in folding the G-8  plus 5 !  into the G-20 failed . The two massive entities retained their distinctness , each separately growing bigger , costlier , and progressively more useless . At the 2010 G-8 meeting , France proposed junking the G-8 +5 format for a permanent G-14 format : the core seven , plus Russia , plus China , India , Brazil , Mexico , South Africa and 1 Muslim country , so nobody will feel left out . That idea looks likely to be adopted in time for the 2013 meeting in the United Kingdom . By which point of course the original purpose of the meeting will have been lost under the layers of accreted uselessness . So sources close to David Cameron are reporting that the young British prime minister has had a brainwave : Now that the G-8 has swelled into a grandiose nightmare mobile U.N. General Assembly -- now that the G-8 is evolving into a group very nearly identical to the G-20 -- why not just junk the G-14 or merge it with the U.N. General Assembly  which would amount to the same thing as junking it  ? Then the leaders of Britain and other major countries could organize amongst themselves some informal talks , no particular agenda , just get-to-know-you , hear what 's on your mind ... Coming up soon : the new G-30 ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	In mid-1970s , French president proposed informal meeting of leaders from six nations In past three decades , David Frum writes , the meeting has grown larger and larger Last week 's g20 did nothing to allay anxieties about Euro crisis With more countries added , costs rose , results vanished
Steps taken to thwart a public marijuana smoking event Friday at the University of Colorado appear to have worked . Protesters who gathered at a quad on the campus for the customary 4:20 light-up time dispersed without an apparent toke . In past years the Norlin Quad on the campus of the University of Colorado at Boulder had drawn 10,000 to 12,000 people for the event , which falls on April 20  4/20  . Marijuana smokers traditionally wait until 4:20 in the afternoon to light up as a celebration of marijuana culture and a protest against drug policy . This year , the school closed the campus to outsiders and spread an unpleasant-smelling , fish-based fertilizer on the quad before enclosing it in yellow police tape and stationing police officers around the perimeter . Hours before the planned event , three students who crossed police lines and went onto the field were led away in plastic handcuffs . Several hundred students gathered around the quad as the time approached . A man began shouting into the crowd , becoming its de facto leader . When asked his name he replied , "  It does n't matter . " "  Alright , it 's 4:20 who is ready to get weird ? " he shouted . The crowd cheered . "  Who is with me ? " he called out . Another cheer . The crowd seemed to expect him light up a joint , but instead he dashed under the police tape and ran across the quad as police gave chase on foot . None of his encouragers followed . Police ultimately nabbed him and carted him off in plastic handcuffs . Their leader gone , no one in the crowd seemed to know quite what to do . No one could be seen smoking marijuana and by the less legendary time of 4:30 the crowd had gone on their way . The number 420 has become synonymous with all things marijuana , but exactly why is less clear . Whatever the number 's origin , "  420 " events across the country have become opportunities to advocate the legalization of marijuana . The expansion of medical marijuana in California , Colorado and other states is making efforts to legalize marijuana more mainstream and making more people comfortable coming out and smoking pot in public , according to Chris Conrad , curator of the Oaksterdam Cannabis Museum in Oakland , California . Boulder 's is one of the biggest pro-pot rallies , and attendance had grown from year to year , according to university spokesman Bronson Hilliard . "  People fly in from around the country to participate , " Hilliard explained . "  We do n't understand why they have to come to  this  campus . " Celebs and the pot culture Prior to the Colorado event , university police spokesman Ryan Huff said the smoke-ins have become too dangerous . "  It 's hard to keep track of that many people high on marijuana , " he said . Why these marijuana advocates congregate each year on April 20 is a bit of a mystery steeped in the hazy lore of the American pot culture . Some have said 420 is a local police code for someone smoking marijuana . Others have said it refers to the number of active chemicals in marijuana . Another theory holds that 420 is a nod to Bob Dylan and his 1966 song "  Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35 " which contains the lyric , "  Everybody must get stoned . " Multiply 12 by 35 and you get 420 . Conrad said the leading theory traces the beginning of 420 to the early 1970s when a group of students at San Rafael High School in California would meet at 4:20 each afternoon to smoke marijuana . "  It  was  the time between when classes were over and their parents came home , " he said . "  The number 420 signifies that somebody is smoking marijuana right now and it becomes a clarion call for others to join . " Eatocracy : When celeb chefs get the munchies According to Conrad , the story goes that the San Rafael teens named themselves "  the Waldos " and would meet very day at 4:20 p.m. near a statue of Louis Pasteur to smoke joints . A website that claims to be associated with the Waldos declares them to be "  The Founding Fathers of 420 , " although it does n't appear to be current . Attempts to reach the owners of the site were unsuccessful . No matter what the origin , the number now signifies the pro-marijuana culture : Craiglist ads for roommates , or for even so-called "  casual encounters , " often note "  420 Friendly . " An episode of the animated TV show Family Guy called "  420 " involves a plot in which marijuana becomes legalized and 420 Magazine is devoted to marijuana culture . The 2003 California State Senate bill that became the law that established medical marijuana in the state was called SB420 . What began is a secret code word between stoners has gone mainstream . "  It 's a form of shorthand essentially . As far as being a secret code , it 's one of the least secret , " explained Conrad with a laugh .	Arrests , foul fertilizer dampen "  420 " enthusiasm Crowds turned out , but no one lit up ; few crossed police tape One man pumps up crowd , enters quad alone , is taken away Boulder 's is one of the biggest pro-pot rallies on cryptic date
