Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- U.S. drone strikes in Yemen on Friday killed six militants , including two senior leaders of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , four local security sources said . Qaed al-Thahab , the top AQAP leader in the country 's Baitha province and described as a "  high-profile target , " was among those killed , the sources said . They said eight missiles were launched by two unmanned drone planes targeting vehicles . The strikes are believed to have been undertaken by the United States , which has been conducting drone strikes in the fight against terrorism . There was no immediate comment about the attack from the United States . Offensives by the nation 's army and drone attacks by the United States have reduced the terror organization 's effectiveness in recent years . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is the al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen . The Long War Journal , a website that tracks , reports and analyzes the U.S. fight against terrorists , said the drone strike was the first in Yemen since August 10 , when the United States targeted AQAP operatives traveling in Lahj province . Drone strikes against militants in Yemen intensified a few weeks ago as the U.S. Embassy there and in other Middle Eastern and African countries closed amid terrorism fears . After the Lahj strike , a Yemeni Defense Ministry official said that 34 people had been killed in 12 drone strikes since July 28 .	Two of the six militants were senior leaders for Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula Eight missiles were launched by two unmanned drone planes There had been a flurry of drone strikes a few weeks ago
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- I 've spoken to doctors in Baghdad before , but never one this optimistic . Solar panels similar to these are bringing renewable and regular power to two clinics in Iraq . When I interviewed Dr. Thamer Al-Musawi , he told me his clinic is offering new hope to their patients . Not because of any new medicines housed inside . But because of the high tech equipment placed on the outside -- 64 solar panels to be precise . About 4 months ago , they were installed on the roof of the Al-Dakhil Medical Center , where Dr. Thamer works , as part of a project being underwritten by the U.S. Military and supported by Iraq 's Health Ministry . Only two other clinics in all of Iraq have been given access to the same technology . Dr. Thamer excitedly explained its significance . "  It means we can give our patients the care and medical aid they need , " he said , "  and we can do it 24 hours a day . " Round the clock medical care may not sound like anything special , but in Iraq , where the power grid is unreliable and blackouts are frequent , most clinics can open only a few hours a day . And that 's not the worst of it . Without dependable electricity , Dr. Thamer explained , certain medications ca n't be kept at the right temperatures . At one point , Al-Dakhil even had to cancel their children 's vaccine program because the vaccinations could n't be stored properly . That all changed with the arrival of the panels -- for a few months at least . The clinic recently suffered a setback . Before we visited , someone tampered with a key circuit board and that 's preventing the clinic from using electricity still being stored in the batteries . Until it 's fixed , Al-Dakhil is back to using what most other clinics must use , expensive and polluting diesel generators . But that has n't dampened Dr. Thamer 's enthusiasm . He fully expects the solar panels will be powering the clinic again within a few days . As a doctor in Baghdad , he 's faced far worse , and he 's determined to overcome this challenge . More than anything , he simply wants to make sure his patients can get access to the best care possible .	CNN visited one of only three solar-powered clinics in whole of Iraq Despite setbacks , clinic doctor is optimistic clinic will benefit from solar Grid is unreliable , medicines can not be stored ; hopes solar will eliminate problems
CNN  -- A heat wave blamed for as many as two dozen deaths settled over portions of the East Coast as the National Weather Service issued an extreme heat warning for much of the Mid-Atlantic , saying Friday would be the hottest day in the region . The highest heat index values -- how hot it feels -- could reach 115 degrees in some locations , the weather service said . "  These triple-digit temperatures are forecast to remain in place across the eastern U.S. through Saturday , " it said . How hot is it where you live ? Share your photos , videos and stories The weather was expected to cool slightly to the mid-90s by Sunday , according to the National Weather Service . The warnings came as the heat wave set 55 record highs and tied 60 more records in portions of the Midwest and the Ohio Valley , forecasters said . Millions were also being warned to avoid strenuous activity and exercise outdoors after the National Weather Service issued a number of code red air quality alerts -- meaning air pollution levels are considered unhealthy for the general population -- in a handful of cities , including Baltimore and Washington . Beat-the-heat advice from a pro The heat has affected many outdoor activities , prompting one Minneapolis movie theater marquee to read , "  We have AC . Who cares what 's playing , " and one Canadian couple to forgo their original plans while visiting the Twin Cities . Scott Hoffort and his wife , Colleen , of Saskatchewan arrived in Minneapolis on Sunday with their camping gear , planning for a vacation spent mostly outdoors at a campground . Instead they 're now doing "  more touristy " things . "  We went from camping in a tent to staying in hotels so that we could get air conditioning , " Hoffort said . "  We spent a fair amount of time in the Mall of America yesterday because of the heat . " Heat hurts your insides too About 100 people , primarily teenagers , were overcome Thursday by the heat at the Vans Warped Tour in Camden , New Jersey , where more than 12,000 people gathered at the outdoor concert , authorities said . "  I just , I guess got overheated and I got really dizzy , " 17-year-old Maureen Meckly , who attended the concert , told CNN affiliate KYW . "  I had to grab onto her  friends '  shoulder to tell her I was passing out . " In Wildwood , New Jersey , tourists and residents beat the heat by heading to the ocean . What a heatstroke feels like But for some working hot food concession stands at Morey 's Piers in Wildwood there was little relief . "  Sometimes it 's so hot , I ca n't even breathe , " Erik Perez , who works at Curley 's Fries , told KYW . In Newark , New Jersey , Mayor Cory Booker announced that facilities were available in every ward to help keep citizens cool . "  It is imperative that our residents drink plenty of fluids , stay indoors in a cool climate , and avoid strenuous activity , " Booker said in a statement . "  I urge our senior citizens and Newark residents who lack air conditioning to come to one of our cooling centers . " In New York , Con Edison called on customers to stay cool and not waste energy . "  Store owners who leave doors open with the A/C running could be subject to fines from the city , " ConEd said . The first confirmed heat-related death in Kansas City was declared Thursday , but it stemmed from a death last month . A 57-year-old man was found dead in his home June 5 , according to Dan Ferguson , who works for Jackson County . In addition to the man 's death , there are 13 other possible heat-related deaths in Missouri : the youngest was a woman in her mid-30s and the oldest were two women in their mid-70s , said Jeff Hershberger , spokesman for the Kansas City Health Department . It may take six weeks to several months for officials to process toxicology tests to determine whether all 13 died of heat-related causes , Hershberger said . In Wisconsin , a 65-year-old man from Fountain Prairie was confirmed by health officials to have died from heat-related causes Thursday , according to CNN affiliate WKOW . Columbia County Medical Examiner Angela Hinze said the man had underlying medical conditions that were made worse when he was helping a family member outside with housework . In Oklahoma , four heat-related deaths have been confirmed since May , said Cherokee Ballard , a spokeswoman for the state medical examiner . Three of those occurred in the past 30 days , including a 3-year-old boy in a car in Norman and a 69-year-old man from Blackwell , she said . An additional eight Oklahoma deaths may be related to the heat , she said , with most occurring in July . CNN affiliate WPXI reported Thursday that a child accidentally locked in a hot car was rescued in Spring Hill , Pennsylvania . The girl 's mother locked her keys in the car and immediately called for help , the report said . The girl was not hurt . The high heat is also taking its toll on animals . In South Dakota , 1,500 head of livestock have been lost to the heat , Larry Olsen of the Farm Service Agency told CNN affiliate KSFY . Dozens of cattle died south of Harmony , Minnesota , CNN affiliate KTTC reported . And on a cattle farm just across the border in northern Iowa , an estimated 100 cattle died , the report said . At the Brookfield Zoo just outside Chicago , staff kept water misters in exhibits and gave some animals huge blocks of ice filled with meat and fruit . CNN 's Chris Welch , Sean Morris , Jacqui Jeras , Dave Alsup , Phil Gast , Chelsea J. Carter and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Weather service : Triple-digit temperatures to remain across the eastern U.S. Weather expected to cool off slightly beginning Sunday , forecasters say About 100 concert-goers overcome by heat at Vans Warped Tour One says she got "  overheated and I got really dizzy "
CNN  -- When mixed martial arts fighters Ronda Rousey and Liz Carmouche stepped into the octagon Saturday night , they made history for women 's sports . When Rousey stepped out , she was the champion in the first women 's match in the Ultimate Fighting Championship . Rousey and Carmouche met in the headline fight for the UFC 157 pay-per-view event in the Honda Center in Anaheim , California . Rousey used her signature armbar move to force Carmouche to submit late in the first round . "  The place was going nuts , " Rousey said , "  and I 'm glad it was a full house and I 'm just honored to be a part of it . " Meet the UFC 's first female superstar Just having two women in the ring was a historic first for the UFC , which has been around since 1993 . In 2011 , UFC President Dana White said there would never be a women 's MMA match in the UFC . At the time , he was n't convinced people would pay to watch women fight . But then Rousey came along , and White changed his mind . "  I know I was the one talking smack about women 's MMA , " White said Saturday night . "  But I believed in this fight , and I believed in it enough to make it the main event . " Before becoming an MMA fighter , Rousey competed in judo . She took bronze at the 2008 Olympics , becoming the first American to win a women 's judo medal since it became an Olympic sport in 1992 . On Saturday , Rousey found herself in early trouble for the first time as an MMA fighter . Carmouche , a former U.S. Marine , mounted Rousey 's back and tried a neck crank for several seconds before Rousey escaped . "  I was n't worried , but I was very aware of the situation , " Rousey said . Rousey recovered , responded with a series of strikes and eventually got Carmouche in an armbar . Carmouche quickly tapped out . "  It was a great fight , " Carmouche said afterward . "  I thought I had it . " The armbar has been a reliable weapon for Rousey . She had won by armbar in all six of her previous MMA matches before joining UFC . And like Saturday , all six of those came in the first round . Rousey improved to 7-0 in her MMA career and made history by winning the first women 's match in the UFC . Now , she just might become a household name . "  This is something really special and it might take a little to really sink in , " she said . CNN 's Jason Moon contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I 'm glad it was a full house , " Rousey said Ronda Rousey beats Liz Carmouche in the first round Rousey used her signature armbar move to force Carmouche to submit "  I thought I had it , " Carmouche said
CNN  -- Two of South America 's most famous clubs reached the semifinals of the Copa Libertadores after late drama in their last-eight matches on Wednesday . Argentina 's Boca Juniors , six-time winners of the continent 's premier club competition , snatched a 2-1 aggregate win over Brazil 's Fluminense thanks to a 90th-minute goal from Uruguayan Santiago Silva . Having lost the first leg 1-0 in Buenos Aires , Fluminense leveled the tie in front of their own fans when Thiago Carleta 's deflected shot found its way past Boca goalkeeper Agustin Orion . But Silva 's late strike sealed a 2-1 aggregate win for Boca and Julio Cesar Falconi 's team will play Chile 's Universidad de Chile or Paraguay 's Libertad in the semifinals . That tie is level at 1-1 ahead of Thursday 's second leg at Universidad 's Estadio Nacional in Santiago . Who are European football 's "  Most Valuable Players ? " Fluminense 's coach Abel Braga was disappointed to see his team eliminated after dominating the second leg . "  It was incredible . Our keeper had a very quiet night , they only attacked one time and it was a goal , " Braga was quoted as saying on FIFA 's official website . In an all-Brazilian tie , Corinthians defeated Vasco da Gama 1-0 on aggregate as the Sao Paulo club continued their bid for a first Libertadores crown . Vasco , based in Rio de Janeiro , went close on several occasions before Corinthians -- one of Brazil 's most successful clubs -- delighted home supporters with Paulinho 's match-winning header after 87 minutes . "  This qualification was the merit of the entire team , and I think it was well deserved , " said midfielder Paulinho . "  Now , we have to rest and start thinking of our next rivals . " Corinthians will play defending champions Santos of Brazil or Argentina 's 1994 winners Velez Sarsfield for a place in the final . Velez hold a slim 1-0 lead heading into the second leg in Sao Paulo .	Boca Juniors reach Copa Libertadores final after beating Fluminense of Brazil Six-time champions advance 2-1 on aggregate through Santiago Silva 's late goal Corinthians of Brazil reach the last four with a defeat of Vasco da Gama Rio de Janeiro side trying to win the competition for the first time
CNN  -- Last summer an EF3 tornado ripped through my town , Monson , Massachusetts . There is a very particular feeling of vulnerability you experience in such a violent storm . You crouch in a dark basement , the windows explode inwards , and you have no idea if the groaning beams will hold . We had no directly storm-related deaths in Monson , despite the rarity of a tornado in our region . We were prepared , whether through federal programs or memory of the movie Twister , to shelter and ride out the storm . The tornado took its toll -- more than 270 homes in Monson sustained damage . My own was rendered unlivable , our family displaced for a year . We were n't ready for recovery , however . During a painful period , our community learned how to manage volunteers and donations , track data , apply for grants and request aid through official channels . We bumbled through the early days , doing things wrong and wasting time . Eventually a system emerged , coordinated largely by the First Church of Monson and a few dedicated local volunteers . But why did we have to build that system on our own ? Though we were prepared to survive the storm , why had n't someone prepared us for recovery ? Baffled by the acute lack of community recovery tools , my sister and I decided to build them . We put together a team and built an in-kind resource management system for untrained local organizers . We have been working with communities and emergency managers across the country to deploy the system through our company , Recovers.org . TED.com : The oil spill 's unseen culprits , victims Most disaster preparedness programs concentrate on preparing residents to take care of themselves and their families for the first 72 hours following a disaster . A less frequent focus is how to prepare local residents to take care of their communities during the months and years of recovery that will follow . Organizing at the local level does not require a membership card -- there are things each of us can do locally to speed recovery . In the first few days post-disaster , scores of organizations will sweep in and out of an affected area , assessing damage , providing emergency aid , mobilizing teams of volunteers . In most areas , however , there is an often-overlooked community response working alongside these organizations . These folks are usually poorly equipped and hastily organized . Their qualifications ? They live here . They were here before the aid . They will be here meeting needs when everyone else goes home . Disaster recovery is changing in the United States . While large aid organizations like the Red Cross and Salvation Army can mobilize massive amounts of crucial resources , they often do not manage spontaneous donations , track local volunteer hours , or stay long term . It is the local church , or library , or the city manager that ends up matching those with needs with aid long term . They do it on Post-It notes , or Facebook , but they get it done . Ordinary people  read : you  are realizing that they are both allowed and are needed to respond . TED.com : Reporting crisis via texting Community-powered recovery is simple , and it happens everywhere . I point to tornado recovery in Joplin , Missouri ; the Broadmoor neighborhood in New Orleans following Katrina ; and the small town of Forney , Texas , after an EF3 tornado . In each area , local efforts were instrumental to overall recovery . The problem here is one of planning : Each of these community efforts was seat-of-the-pants , as they 'll readily admit . If community in each case was such an integral part of the recovery , why were n't they written into the plan ? Beyond local labor , the most neglected facet of disaster recovery is local data . Outside aid organizations usually activate their own resources and trained volunteers . They will often turn away spontaneous untrained volunteers or unsolicited donation items . Unfortunately , this also means that unless local organizers are efficiently using these resources , they go to waste . After a disaster , you normally have roughly seven days  fewer in small disasters  of media interest in which you can collect aid . If you do n't have a system for recording the names and contact information of people who would like to donate or volunteer until Week 2 , you 've missed out on perhaps 50 % of all resources that will ever be reported . To aid your community , you have to plan ahead , not just for the first 72 hours , but for the next few years of needs . TED.com : What 's left to explore ? As we begin to respond to the damage from Hurricane Isaac , these are things to keep in mind . New Orleans has seen this before , and has systems in place to accept volunteers and donations . Recovery from Isaac will not be easy , but it will be much faster because they are "  prepared " to handle resources . Here are a few tips for getting involved at the community level : Community Organizers : • Get smart : It is not as simple as setting up a shade tent , or just directing people where to go . Sending a 17-year-old into the woods with a chainsaw is asking for a lawsuit . If you are going to get involved with recovery , you have to do so responsibly , with the safety and well-being of both survivors and volunteers as your priority . • Get a system : Speak to your area 's emergency manager about what kind of information they will need you to collect . If they need to know how many hours were worked on Carpenter Street , you need to be tracking that information ! • Use the web : But do n't expect everyone to . You may be a Twitter whiz , but you need to be prepared to spread information on a regular web page , paper , or by word of mouth . You can help your emergency manager by spreading their information through your social media stream . Affected Households : • Document everything : from photos of the damage , to the names of the caseworkers you speak to in different organizations -- and keep records of what is going on . • Look for help proactively : Many homeowners spend out insurance money on things like toiletries , while boxes of donated goods sit unused in local churches . Volunteers : • Do n't be a hero : Your intentions are good , but no one on the ground in the affected community is ready for you in the first 72 hours post-disaster . If you show up too early , you could even be endangering yourself . • Stand and be counted : The dollar value of hours you work can count toward the amount of aid FEMA grants the community . If you want to volunteer , make sure you are working with an organizer that tracks your hours . Donors : • Listen before you bring : Are you trying to donate a refrigerator ? Does the church you 're bringing it to really have space to store it until it is needed ? Call ahead and ask what is needed , or check out local information pages . • Protect yourself : If you post what you would like to donate publicly , everyone sees it . For example , you may have just informed the world that you have an extra big screen TV and fine china lying around in your basement . Find a local organization that needs the items and donate through them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Caitria O'Neill .	Caitria O'Neill got involved in disaster recovery when a tornado badly damaged her town She says communities need help organizing disaster relief in early stages of recovery She says volunteers , donations need to be coordinated , directed to community 's long-term recovery O'Neill : It 's vital to involve local residents and to capture local data
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia 's government , already beset by a killer earthquake and tsunami , moved Wednesday to help tens of thousands of residents displaced by a volcanic eruption that also claimed 29 lives . Thirty-eight people were injured and 42,000 were evacuated around Mount Merapi on Java , according to the country 's National Disaster Agency . The volcano erupted at least three times Tuesday , forcing residents to flee . Merapi , which looms on the horizon north of the major city of Yogyakarta , is one of Indonesia 's most active volcanoes and lies in one of the world 's most densely populated areas . The volcano has a summit elevation of nearly 10,000 feet  3,000 meters  . Because no new lava dome has formed , Merapi remains dangerous , a government assessment team leader told the official news agency Antara . Hundreds of displaced residents crammed a small government building in Yogyakarta . Many had fled with only the clothes on their backs . Slamet Riady , 64 , has lived through Merapi 's many eruptions . "  This was bigger than the past eruptions , " he said . "  They rang the siren , and we had no time to bring anything . The most important thing was to save ourselves . " Nearby , volunteers led a group of young children in song and dance . Yoppy Riskiadi said many of the children are going through a stressful situation and need a sense of normalcy . "  We 're here to cheer them up so they can be happy and be children , " he said . "  It 's simple . We sing , dance and act crazy . They 're children and they should be carefree . " Merapi 's volcanic activities have decreased significantly , Indonesian chief volcanologist Surono told CNN . "  An explosive eruption will not happen again in the near future , " Surono said . Merapi spewed more ash this time than in previous eruptions , he said . CNN iReporter Prasakti Ramadhana told CNN the volcanic ash produced heat in the area . Ramadhana , who lives about 12 miles from Merapi , said rain Wednesday night was limiting the spread of ash . The volcano and the recent Indonesian earthquake and tsunami forced President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono to cut short a visit to Vietnam , Antara reported . Medical and food donations for volcano victims were coming in , Antara said . CNN 's Brian Walker and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Volcano has not formed new lava dome Volcanologist does not expect another eruption soon Indonesian president cuts short trip to Vietnam , returns home The volcano erupted at least three times Tuesday
CNN  -- For the second time in five months , a U.S. soldier from a Washington military base is accused of committing atrocities against civilians in Afghanistan . The unidentified soldier , an Army staff sergeant , is accused of firing on civilians , killing 16 , in a house-to-house shooting rampage in two villages on Sunday , according to officials from NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . Shooting could affect U.S. military mission He had been stationed at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , a sprawling military installation between Tacoma and Olympia , Washington . A handful of soldiers from the base have been involved in violent incidents in the past few years , including four soldiers convicted of killing Afghan civilians in 2010 as part of a "  kill squad . " Also in 2010 , three other soldiers "  suffered dangerous public mental breakdowns " after returning from Afghanistan , with two of them shot to death by police , according to the Stars and Stripes military newspaper . This year , a former soldier from the base is believed to have shot a Washington park ranger to death on New Year 's Day . Twelve soldiers on the base committed suicide in 2010 , according to the base 's Northwest Guardian newspaper . Last month , Army officials said the forensic psychiatric review process at the base 's Madigan Army Medical Center was itself being reviewed . "  This was not just a rogue soldier , " said Jorge Gonzalez , executive director of G.I. Voice , a veteran-run nonprofit organization that operates a soldiers ' resource center near the base called Coffee Strong . The base is "  a rogue base , with a severe leadership problem , " he said . "  If Fort Lewis was a college campus , it would have been closed down years ago , " Gonzalez said . In the wake of Sunday 's shootings , he called for a congressional investigation and hearings "  into the multiple crises " at the base . Taliban vow revenge for shooting rampage Others have expressed alarm as well . In December 2010 , the Stars and Stripes military newspaper said the facility had gained a reputation as "  the most troubled base in the military . " It also reported that year that multiple investigations were under way into the conduct of troops at the base and the adequacy of the mental health and medical care soldiers were receiving upon their return home . Attempts to contact the base 's public affairs office were not immediately successful Monday . In January , the body of Benjamin Colton Barnes , 24 , was found face-down in a creek in Washington 's Mount Rainier National Park after a manhunt . Barnes , who was assigned to Joint Base Lewis-McChord before his 2009 discharge , is believed to have fatally shot park ranger Margaret Anderson on New Year 's Day . Police said Barnes was also wanted in connection with a shooting during a fight at a party in a Seattle suburb . That shooting took place before Anderson 's death . While investigators said they had little insight into Barnes ' mindset or motive , the woman with whom he was in a custody dispute said in court documents filed last year she was frightened to be in the same state with him . She wrote in other documents , reported by CNN affiliate KIRO , that Barnes might have been suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder after a deployment to Iraq . In November , Army Staff Sgt. Calvin Gibbs , also assigned to the base , was sentenced to life in military prison after a court-martial convicted him of murdering three Afghan civilians , cutting off pieces of their corpses to keep as "  souvenirs " and planting weapons on the bodies to make the men appear to be Taliban fighters killed in battle . Gibbs , who will be eligible for parole in 10 years , was the highest-ranking of five soldiers charged with being part of a rogue "  kill squad " targeting civilians in 2010 . Another seven were charged with lesser crimes , including abusing drugs , keeping "  off the books " weapons and intimidating a fellow soldier against speaking out against the killings . Murder and assault charges against one of those five soldiers were dropped last month , according to the Tacoma News-Tribune newspaper . Gibbs led the 3rd Platoon of the Army 's 5th Stryker Brigade in Afghanistan 's Kandahar province . The platoon was tasked with patrolling small villages in the area to build relationships with Afghans , who were wary of the U.S. presence in their country . Instead , prosecutors said , Gibbs and a small group of rogue soldiers plotted to murder civilians . "  The plan was to kill people , " Army Spc. Jeremy Morlock , who was among those charged in the deaths , said in court in March 2011 after his guilty plea . "  There was a group of soldiers in the 5th Brigade numbering in the single digits who did not behave with honor , " Col. Barry Huggins of the 2nd Brigade , 2nd Infantry Division , who supervised the courts-martial , said last month in his first public remarks about the case , according to the News-Tribune . "  Justice was served in a timely manner . We should not make the mistake of assuming those soldiers represent all soldiers . " The 5th Brigade has been renamed the 2nd Brigade , according to the News-Tribune . Last month , two doctors at Madigan Army Medical Center were removed from clinical duties and assigned to administrative work , the Seattle Times newspaper reported , citing Army Medical Command officials . U.S. Sen. Patty Murray told the Times that the two included Dr. William Keppler , a retired Army officer who leads a forensic psychiatric team responsible for assessing the post-traumatic stress disorder diagnoses of soldiers under consideration for medical retirement . Army Medical Command told the Times it has "  initiated a top-to-bottom review of the process associated with the forensic psychiatric reviews conducted at Madigan Army Medical Center . " A diagnosis of PTSD qualifies a soldier for medical retirement and benefits . The investigation was triggered in part by concerns that Madigan doctors involved in the screening process were "  unduly influenced by worries about the escalating costs of paying benefits , " the Seattle Times reported last week . Complaints from soldiers previously diagnosed with PTSD but later accused of exaggerating their symptoms also prompted the probe , according to the newspaper . Some 285 soldiers who were evaluated at Madigan since 2007 will be asked to undergo a second evaluation , Western Regional Medical Command , which oversees the medical center , said in a statement last week . Joint Base Lewis-McChord was formed in 2010 by the merger of Fort Lewis , an Army post , and McChord Air Force Base . At 415,000 acres , it is the largest on the U.S. West Coast , according to its website , with tens of thousands of military and civilian personnel and their families . The primary unit on Fort Lewis is the Army 's I Corps , according to the website , and the primary unit on McChord Air Force Base is the U.S. Air Force 's 62nd Airlift Wing . In addition , the joint base houses "  more than 30 different units from the Army , Air Force , Navy , Marine Corps , Reserve and National Guard and Department of Defense agencies , " the site says . The suspect in Sunday 's shootings acted alone and turned himself in after the incident , according to ISAF officials . A U.S. military official , who asked not to be named because of the pending investigation , said the suspect is in his mid-30s and has served several tours in Iraq , although this was his first deployment to Afghanistan . The incident shocked U.S. officials and prompted outrage in Afghanistan and has fueled fears of intensified anger against U.S. troops in Afghanistan that erupted in deadly riots last month over the inadvertent burning of Qurans by American troops . The soldier accused in Sunday 's deaths remained in U.S. custody on Monday as investigators try to determine his motive , including examining his mental stability and medical history .	Joint Base Lewis-McChord soldiers have been involved in several violent incidents Four soldiers from the base are convicted of killing Afghan civilians in 2010 One veterans ' group calls it "  a rogue base with a severe leadership problem "
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Earlier this year , as Frank Guinta was driving his children to school , he turned on a local radio station and heard Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul talking about Guinta 's failed attempt to win re-election to Congress just a few months earlier . Paul was discussing the future of the Republican Party and the need for the GOP to maintain its traditional political base while also welcoming more libertarian-minded conservatives . The Kentucky senator then started citing specific data from the 2012 general election , including Guinta 's race . "  Your two Republicans up there lost recently for Congress , " Paul said to New Hampshire political reporter James Pindell in the telephone interview on WGIR . "  They lost by four percentage points , and the libertarian in each race got 4 1/2 percent , so really we do have to figure out a way to attract some of those voters who are voting libertarian if we want to have enough of a majority to win . " Guinta , who served just one term in the House , said he was intrigued to hear Paul talk about his race , let alone in so much detail . "  This was not his political adviser , " the New Hampshire Republican said during a recent interview over breakfast . "  It was him . " But Guinta , who is considering running for office in 2014 , said he was not shocked by the moment . After all , this is New Hampshire , which holds the first-in-the-nation primary . And Republicans with designs on the White House are always keeping close tabs on what happens in the Granite State . It would just be a few months later , in May , when Paul would actually visit the state to headline a New Hampshire GOP fundraiser and convene a listening session with local activists . It was not lost on anyone that Paul dug into his own political pocket and donated $ 10,000 to the state GOP . Despite smug dismissals of early campaign coverage by press critics , media elites and some of the potential candidates themselves , there are signs everywhere -- including Paul 's intricate recitation of New Hampshire congressional contests -- that the 2016 race for president is starting to take shape , at least among Republicans . Take , for instance : • This week 's Faith and Freedom Coalition conference , which has been widely described as the first 2016 GOP presidential cattle call . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , Texas Gov. Rick Perry , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and Paul are all participating . Cruz invited to key early presidential state • New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's willingness to play along with a 2016 joke on Wednesday 's "  Late Night with Jimmy Fallon . " • Paul 's visits already to Iowa and New Hampshire , and upcoming trips to South Carolina and Iowa  again  . • Cruz 's appearance last month at a South Carolina GOP fundraiser and an upcoming visit to Iowa . • Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal headlining a New Hampshire Republican fundraiser last month . • Ohio Sen. Rob Portman headlining a fundraiser this week for the New Hampshire Republican Party . • Rubio 's use of his political action committee to finance a television commercial that defended New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte against critics of her position on gun rights . • Santorum 's visit to South Carolina in March to campaign for a Republican candidate in a special congressional election , and his planned visit to Iowa this summer . • Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker 's appearance at a county Republican fundraiser in Iowa last month . Walker trip fuels 2016 speculation To dismiss all this political activity would be naïve . Beyond the obvious -- control of the White House and the direction of the country for four or eight years -- these potential candidates are already exerting influence over the national dialogue and the direction of their political party . • On immigration : Rubio is the key player at the moment , while Cruz may have an influential role as the legislation is being debated . • On the surveillance controversy : Paul has become a chief spokesman opposing this collection of information . • On the state of the GOP : Jindal has admonished fellow Republicans to "  stop being the stupid party . " • On where to find solutions : Perry and Walker emphasizing the need for national Republicans to look to the states for answers . While New Hampshire Republicans acknowledge that it 's too early for candidates to engage in a full-blown campaign , there are steps potential presidential candidates can take now that are being welcomed , if not embraced . "  What Paul and Jindal are doing is very smart , " Rich Killion , a GOP strategist based in Concord , said of the fundraising for the state party and air cover provided to Ayotte . "  They are trying to do well for others and by doing so are helping themselves . It 's never too early when you come on behalf of others . " But when is too early ? It 's fair to say that Mitt Romney never stopped running for president after he lost the GOP nomination in 2008 , and Tim Pawlenty was very active early on in building a campaign structure for the 2012 election , only to become the first candidate to drop out of the race in August 2011 . What a candidate ca n't do is suddenly decide to run for president a year before the primary without having done any spade work and expect strong results . "  You ca n't do it in 12 months , " said New Hampshire Republican Party Chair Jennifer Horn , who noted that a campaign needs to begin sooner rather than later . And when the candidates arrive , Horn said , "  The issues that push New Hampshire voters are jobs , the economy , and individual freedoms . " While social conservatives play an influential role in the Iowa and South Carolina primaries , New Hampshire Republicans tend to be more focused on economic issues , which could provide a springboard for more a centrist Republican eyeing the White House -- someone like Christie . "  New Hampshire voters focus on the issues that directly affect them , primarily the economy , " said Alicia Preston , a Republican consultant based in Hampton Beach . "  Social issues tend to be second-tier for most New Hampshire voters and they are willing to accept a social moderate as long as they have a fiscal conservative badge . " Christie passes on conservative gathering for Clinton conference If there is a contested primary-within-a-primary among social conservative candidates who spend their time , money and effort attacking one another in Iowa and South Carolina , that could further add to the already outsized influence New Hampshire has on the process of choosing the GOP nominee . The winner of the New Hampshire primary might not suffer the same political wounds as the candidates who battled for support in the Iowa caucuses and prepared for , perhaps , a last stand in South Carolina . Still , as early GOP maneuvering is on full public display , Democrats are largely in a holding pattern waiting to see if the 800-pound donkey in the room makes a move : former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . It 's Clinton 's for the having -- at least that 's the conventional wisdom at this point -- if she wants the Democratic presidential nomination . Should Clinton decide not to run , then Vice President Joe Biden rolling out the red carpet for Iowa and New Hampshire Democrats during the inauguration and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley inviting New Hampshire Democrats down for a St. Patrick 's Day party at the governor 's residence will surely be remembered by those who hold an incredible amount of influence in choosing presidents .	Potential 2016 presidential candidates already influencing national dialogue While it 's too early to mount a campaign , there are steps potential candidates are taking Social conservatives have large say in later primaries but centrist could do well in N.H.
CNN  -- Serena Williams once again battled through the pain barrier to advance at the Australian Open on Thursday , but this time the American third seed 's injury was entirely self-inflicted . After rolling an ankle during her first round win the 15-time grand slam champion hit herself in the face with her racket as she brushed aside Spanish teenager Garbine Muguruza 6-2 6-0 . It left her anxiously checking her mouth for damage . "  I think it happens to everyone , but I have never busted it wide open like that , " the five-time Melbourne winner told reporters after setting up a third-round meeting with Japan 's Ayumi Morita . "  So , yeah , I was like , ` Oh , no . I ca n't have a tooth fall out . ' That would be horrible . " Williams allayed any fears her ankle would hinder her progress at the tournament , saying she felt no discomfort -- although she did take painkillers . "  I did n't feel anything today , " the 31-year-old added . "  Obviously when you go out to play you 're heavy on adrenaline and you 're really pumped up . "  Usually I feel injuries after the match , but so far , so good . I felt pretty , much better than I ever dreamed of expecting to feel . "  I feel everybody in the tournament probably is on some sort of pain relief ... I do n't do injections . Just tablets . " Williams remains on course for a semifinal showdown with world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka after the Belorussian took just 55 minutes to beat Greece 's Eleni Daniilidou 6-1 6-0 . If the top seed seemed like she was a woman in a hurry , it was because she was trying to avoid getting sunburned in the scorching Australian heat . "  I was trying to play fast , " said the 23-year-old , who will play American Jamie Hampton in the third round . "  The first match I got a little bit sunburned . You do n't want to make that mistake again . "  I was prepared for it , you know . I think everybody knew few days before that that it 's going to be really hot . Even at 11 a.m. you could really feel it . I was n't sure if we were playing with closed roof or open roof . "  Right before the match I saw it was closed . I thought , ` Wow , good . ' It would n't be so hot . It was n't a problem . " Eighth seed Petra Kvitova was stunned by world No. 53 Laura Robson , going down 2-6 6-3 11-9 in a match which lasted three hours at finished at 00:30 local time . Britain 's Robson recovered from 0-3 down in the final set to reach the third round of the event for the first time , and she will next meet American 29th seed Sloane Stephens . Former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki continued her bid for a maiden grand slam title with a 6-1 6-4 defeat of Croatia 's Donna Vekic . The Danish 10th seed 's next opponent will be unseeded Ukrainian Lesia Tsurenko . Roberta Vinci has never been beyond the third round in Melbourne but the No. 16 from Italy will have a chance to address that against Russia 's Elena Vesnina after recording a 6-3 6-2 victory over Akgul Amanmuradova of Uzbekistan . In the men 's draw , second seed Roger Federer and world No. 3 Andy Murray both continued their strong starts to the tournament with emphatic victories . Switzerland 's Federer , looking for an Open era-record fifth Melbourne triumph , was rarely troubled as he beat experienced Russian Nikolay Davydenko 6-3 6-4 6-4 . Next up for the 17-time grand slam winner is Australian rising star Bernard Tomic , who Federer beat in the fourth round of last year 's tournament . "  I think there 's always excitement about Aussies playing here , " Federer , 31 , told reporters . "  I played him here last year . The crowd was great . I played him in Davis Cup . Crowds were fair there , too . I expect something similar . "  Hopefully we 're going to live up to the expectations and live up to the match . Hopefully it 's not going to be a bad match . I do n't want that to happen . " Murray was beaten by Federer in the 2010 final , but having clinched his first grand slam title at last year 's U.S. Open the Briton will be hoping to win in Melbourne having twice been a runner-up . He set up a third round encounter with Lithuania 's Ricardas Berankis after a comfortable 6-2 6-2 6-4 win against Portugal 's Joao Sousa . Sixth seed Juan Martin del Potro eased past German Benjamin Becker 6-2 6-4 6-2 , while French seventh seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga battled to a straight-sets win over Japan 's Go Soeda . Meanwhile , former world No. 1 Rafael Nadal will make his long-awaited return to action at the Chile Open in Vina del Mar early next month . Spain 's 11-time grand slam winner has not played since injuring his knee at Wimbledon last June , and had to delay his planned comeback in Melbourne after suffering an illness in December . Nadal will also play in another South American clay-court tournament , the Brazil Open starting on February 11 , as he seeks to regain fitness ahead of his French Open title defense .	Third seed Serena Williams wins despite hitting herself in the face with her racket Defending champion Victoria Azarenka also into Australian Open third round World No. 2 Roger Federer and third seed Andy Murray ease to wins Rafael Nadal to make his return to action at tournament in Chile next month
Washington  CNN  -- The partisan impasse over potential contempt proceedings against Attorney General Eric Holder continues following a lengthy letter from the deputy attorney general , and a blunt response from the House Oversight Committee chairman . The latest volley started with a 13-page letter from Holder 's deputy , James Cole , to committee Chairman Darrell Issa , R-California , arguing against contempt . "  A contempt proceeding would be unwarranted given the information the Justice Department has disclosed to the Committee to date , " Cole wrote . He also called such an action "  unprecedented " given the law enforcement issues , and "  ill-advised " given the damage it would cause to relations between the executive and legislative branches of the government . In the letter , Cole repeated Holder 's previous admissions that "  Operation Fast and Furious " was fundamentally flawed as a solution to gun trafficking at the Mexican border . After months of congressional investigations , the Justice Department had acknowledged that its agency , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , made a serious tactical error in allowing guns to be purchased by straw buyers and then smuggled across the border to drug cartels . What was supposed to be a sting operation turned into a nightmare when about 1,000 firearms went missing during the operation and ended up in the hands of drug lords . The fiasco reached crisis proportions when a U.S. Border Patrol agent was slain in Arizona near the border in December 2010 , and two of the missing weapons were discovered at the scene of the killing . Republicans in Congress have been demanding answers . Issa wants any document that could shed light on the operation . Cole says DOJ has sent tens of thousands of pages of documents , answered all the questions at hearing , and given the committee most of what it wants . But Issa says that 's not enough . "  While the Committee has subpoenaed documents that address what senior officials were told about controversial gunwalking tactics during Operation Fast and Furious , the Justice Department pointedly refuses to provide them or to deny senior officials were given information in the course of the Operation indicating the existence of reckless tactics , " a spokesman for Issa said Wedneday . Republican House members are expected to reach a decision on voting a contempt citation by the end of May , GOP officials say .	GOP House members are expected to decide on a contempt citation this month At issue are documents concerning the ill-fated "  Operation Fast and Furious " The operation focused on gun trafficking along the Mexican-U.S. border About a thousand firearms went missing during the operation
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The news on the housing market continues to be bleak as bleak can be . In just one example , the January numbers from the Case-Shiller index -- a popular collection of data about repeat sales of single-family homes -- show that home values in Phoenix are down almost 50 percent from their peak in July 2006 . Clark Howard has bought several foreclosures over the years and has his eye on another . There are similarly dismal numbers in Las Vegas and Miami  both down more than 40 percent  and San Francisco and San Diego  both down 40 percent  . But you 've got to realize that housing stats are skewed by bubble markets such as these , where people were trying to get rich quick on someone else 's money . Yet still , sometimes you can be left feeling like there 's no good news in all of this . Well , I have some for you . Half of all home purchases in February were by first-time homebuyers , according to The Financial Times of London . Those buyers were taking advantage of incredible interest rates and low housing prices , not to mention new tax incentives for first-time homebuyers . How about you ? If you want to get in the game , you 've got to look REO -- and I 'm not talking about the classic rock band REO Speedwagon ! REO stands for real-estate owned property . It 's where you buy directly from the bank after they foreclose on a property . Banks are notoriously bad property managers . It 's not uncommon for them to let a property go unloved and neglected for several months . Before long , the property starts looking like a haunted house on Halloween . The grass is unkempt , the shutters are falling off and windows may be broken . That 's when you can really swoop in and steal a deal . I 've bought a number of foreclosures over the years . My most recent purchase was last year , but I 'm thinking about buying another foreclosure I saw while filming with my HLN show crew . Watch Clark finding a bank-owned bargain " I 'm particularly a fan of houses that smell ! The odors can usually be eliminated very easily . But buyers are quickly turned off by a stinky house , and that means I can really underbid on my offer . If you want to start looking for REOs in a specific part of town , try finding a real estate agent who farms that area . You can also try searching the web by visiting sites such as HUD.gov , HomeSales.gov , EmailForeclosures.com and Trulia.com . When searching for foreclosures or distressed property in the single-family home market , be on the lookout for several things : an established neighborhood that 's 10 years or older ; a neighborhood that is mostly owner-occupied ; and a house that is structurally sound with cosmetic damage only . My rule of thumb has always been that you want to buy 20 percent below fair market value for homes and 30 percent below fair market value for condos . Speaking of condos , the condo market in particular has a lot of hazards . When you buy a condo , you 're buying an obligation and a commitment in a condo association . Do not buy in a building that has been recently constructed . You want to look for established condo buildings that have been there six years or longer . With established buildings , you know that most people are paying their condo fees . And finally , remember that foreclosures and REOs are just part of a larger category of "  people problem " houses . These are the kinds of houses that sit on the market as wounded ducks because the owners endured job loss , divorce , relocation or any other of a host of troubling scenarios . The real key to finding a deal is to know the local market conditions where you 're buying . Go after the properties that are REOs for 45 days or longer . Lenders are usually unrealistic about the pricing of properties on their books for about the first 6 weeks . Remember , out of adversity comes great opportunity .	Half of all home purchases in February were by first-time homebuyers In REO , real-estate owned , you buy directly from bank after they foreclose on property Clark is a fan of houses that smell , since he can really underbid his offer The key to finding a deal is to know local market conditions
COLUMBIA , South Carolina  CNN  -- Democratic Sen. Barack Obama kicked off a series of local outreach gospel concerts Friday in Charleston , South Carolina , that unexpectedly came back to bite his campaign . Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama is competing for the black vote with Hillary Clinton . The concerts were meant to boost black voters ' support for his presidential nominee bid -- the kind of events that would normally fly under the national radar . The ensuing controversy highlighted that Obama 's desire to unite disparate voting blocs -- especially religious voters -- under his umbrella of "  change " is not without some serious pitfalls . When the campaign announced the lineups for the three-city "  Embrace the Change ! " gospel tour last week , one name stood out to gay bloggers : Donnie McClurkin . The Grammy-award winning singer is on record as saying homosexuality is a choice , and that he was "  once involved with those desires and those thoughts " but was able to get past them through prayer . To say the least , neither of those arguments is very popular in the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender community . John Aravosis , a prominent gay blogger and co-founder of the Web site AmericaBlog , led the charge against the Obama campaign , writing that the Illinois Democrat was "  sucking up to anti-gay bigots " and "  giving them a stage . " When the story bubbled up into the mainstream media , it took the Obama campaign by surprise . Obama 's efforts in the Palmetto State have overwhelmingly targeted African-American churchgoers in a bid to win over black voters in South Carolina from rival Sen. Hillary Clinton . The campaign has vigorously promoted the candidate 's faith , launching "  40 Days of Faith and Family " in September , which used Bible study groups to tap into the black electorate . Campaigners have run three radio ads , one of which called Obama a "  Christian family man , " that aired on gospel stations across the state . Earlier this month , Obama spoke at an evangelical church in the traditionally conservative city of Greenville , where he demonstrated a casual familiarity with Christian vocabulary , telling the crowd , to much applause , that "  I am confident that we can create a kingdom right here on Earth . " After that appearance , the Obama campaign told CNN that Republicans no longer had a choke hold on issues of faith and values . "  I think that what you 're seeing is a breaking down of the sharp divisions that existed maybe during the '90s , " Obama said . "  At least in politics , the perception was that the Democrats were fearful of talking about faith , and on the other hand you had the Republicans who had a particular brand of faith that oftentimes seemed intolerant or pushed people away . " But on Tuesday , Obama was forced to confront the uncomfortable truth that some Christians and gays are a little more than just strange bedfellows , especially among blacks . Obama issued a statement saying , "  I strongly disagree with Reverend -LSB- Donnie -RSB- McClurkin 's views and will continue to fight for these rights as president of the United States , " and argued that it is important to confront homophobia among religious African Americans . A September poll of African Americans in South Carolina by Winthrop University and ETV showed that 62 percent of those surveyed said that "  sex between two adults of the same sex " is "  strongly unacceptable . " Obama held a conference call Wednesday with Joe Solomonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign , and announced that the Rev. Andy Sidden , an openly gay South Carolina pastor , will appear at the same event as McClurkin on Sunday in Columbia . Solomonese was not completely assuaged . "  I spoke with Senator Barack Obama today and expressed to him our community 's disappointment for his decision to continue to remain associated with Reverend McClurkin , an anti-gay preacher who states the need to ` break the curse of homosexuality , ' " he said in a statement . "  There is no gospel in Donnie McClurkin 's message for gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender people and their allies . That 's a message that certainly does n't belong on any presidential candidate 's stage . " The State newspaper in Columbia reported Friday that Obama organized a conference call Thursday night with gay and lesbian leaders . After the call , the South Carolina Gay and Lesbian Pride Movement announced it will hold a protest vigil outside Sunday 's concert in Columbia . Privately , Obama aides say they believe Obama is a candidate of real , transformational change , and that uproars like the McClurkin controversy are necessary speed bumps on the road to bringing people with opposing viewpoints together to air their differences . Will Obama 's refusal to kick McClurkin off the concert bill hurt him ? Like many political squabbles , despite the national story , it depends how much the controversy resonates with voters in those crucial early states : Iowa , New Hampshire , Nevada and South Carolina . And in South Carolina , where African Americans make up about half of Democratic primary-goers , voters might not have a problem with McClurkin at all . E-mail to a friend	Obama holding concerts to win over African-American Christians in S. Carolina But lineup offends homosexuals , angered by appearance of anti-gay singer Obama disavows preacher-singer 's views , asks gay pastor to appear too
Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist Flea just gave it away , confirming what everyone already suspected . The rock group 's halftime performance at Super Bowl XLVIII was pre-recorded . The band 's guitars were not plugged in . The Red Hot Chili Peppers performed Sunday night alongside Bruno Mars . "  When we were asked by the NFL and Bruno to play our song Give It Away at the Super Bowl , it was made clear to us that the vocals would be live , but the bass , drums , and guitar would be pre-recorded . "  I understand the NFL 's stance on this , given they only have a few minutes to set up the stage , there a zillion things that could go wrong and ruin the sound for the folks watching in the stadium and the t.v. viewers . There was not any room for argument on this , the NFL does not want to risk their show being botched by bad sound , period , " Flea wrote Tuesday on the band 's website . He said that he and his bandmates -- Anthony Kiedis , Josh Klinghoffer and Chad Smith -- thought long and hard about doing the show given those conditions . "  We decided that , with Anthony singing live , that we could still bring the spirit and freedom of what we do into the performance , and of course we played every note in the recording specially for the gig . I met and spoke with Bruno , who was a beautiful dude , a real talented musician , and we worked out something that seemed like it would be fun , " Flea wrote . He said the band was not trying to trick anyone . The bassist continued : "  For the actual performance , Josh , Chad , and I were playing along with the pre recorded track so there was no need to plug in our guitars , so we did not . "  Could we have plugged them in and avoided bumming people out who have expressed disappointment that the instrumental track was pre recorded ? Of course easily we could have and this would be a non-issue . We thought it better to not pretend . It seemed like the realest thing to do in the circumstance . "  I am grateful to the NFL for having us . And I am grateful to Bruno , who is a super talented young man for inviting us to be a part of his gig . I would do it all the same way again . " 10 best social media moments of Super Bowl XLVIII	Bassist Flea says he "  would do it all the same way again " He insists the band was not trying to trick anyone but was honoring NFL 's stance The group 's guitars were not plugged in during its Super Bowl XLVIII performance
CNN  -- Illegal sales practices by CVS Pharmacy Inc. allowed criminals to make mass purchases of a component used in the manufacturer of methamphetamine , said federal prosecutors , who announced a settlement Thursday that will cost the company $ 77.6 million and bring new controls . The company 's improper sales of pseudoephedrine , an ingredient found in cold and sinus medicines , led directly to an increase in methamphetamine production in California , said the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles , California . CVS is the biggest operator of retail pharmacies in the United States . As part of the agreement , CVS -- which blamed the sales on "  the flawed implementation of an electronic monitoring system " -- has agreed to pay $ 75 million in civil penalties and to forfeit the $ 2.6 million in profits the company earned from the sales , prosecutors said in a news release . "  This case shows what happens when companies fail to follow their ethical and legal responsibilities , " said U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. "  CVS knew it had a duty to prevent methamphetamine trafficking , but it failed to take steps to control the sale of a regulated drug used by methamphetamine cooks as an essential ingredient for their poisonous stew . " The company will not face criminal charges ; instead it will implement a compliance and ethics program over the next three years , prosecutors said . CVS changed its sales practices only after it became aware of the government 's investigation , officials said . Authorities found thousands of violations of a 2005 act which , among other things , limits the amount of pseudoephedrine a customer can purchase in a single day . Prosecutors said the violations occurred in California , Nevada and "  likely " 23 other states where "  CVS failed to implement appropriate safeguards . " In 2007 , after Mexico banned the sale of pseudoephedrine , Los Angeles County experienced an epidemic of "  smurfing " , a practice in which individuals make multiple purchases of items containing pseudoephedrine with the aim of getting large amounts for use in meth production , the statement said . CVS , unlike other retailers , failed to prevent the practice , prosecutors allege . "  Smurfers inundated CVS stores in Los Angeles and Orange County , and later stores in the Las Vegas -LSB- Nevada -RSB- area , to purchase cough and cold remedies , sometimes cleaning out store shelves , " authorities said . CVS pledged to prevent such sales in the future . "  While this lapse occurred in 2007 and 2008 and has been addressed , it was an unacceptable breach of the company 's policies and was totally inconsistent with our values , " said Thomas M. Ryan , chairman and CEO of CVS Caremark . "  CVS/pharmacy is unwavering in its support of the measures taken by the federal government and the states to prevent drug abuse . " CVS has strengthened internal controls and compliance measures , Ryan said in a written statement .	NEW : Company says it will institute new controls CVS agrees to pay $ 77.6 million to resolve investigation Pseudoephedrine is used in methamphetamine production
The "  jelly doughnut " rock that seemed to appear out of nowhere on Mars last month did not fall out of an extraterrestrial pastry box . The rock had been mysterious to scientists because Mars rover Opportunity photographed it in a spot where the rock had not been present just four days earlier . Steve Squyres , lead scientist of the Mars Exploration Rover mission , described it as a white rock with a dark red low spot in the middle . The rock , more than 1.5 inches wide , was named Pinnacle Island . So where did it come from , then ? Drumroll please : Researchers now say Pinnacle Island is a piece of a larger rock , which Opportunity broke and moved with its wheel in early January . Further images from the rover reveal the original rock that the rover 's wheel must have struck . "  Once we moved Opportunity a short distance , after inspecting Pinnacle Island , we could see directly uphill an overturned rock that has the same unusual appearance , " said Ray Arvidson of Washington University in St. Louis , deputy principal directory of Opportunity , in a statement . "  We drove over it . We can see the track . That 's where Pinnacle Island came from . " No , that 's not as exciting as if the rock had crawled into view on its own or been dropped there by aliens . But now that this puzzle has been solved , the rover team plans to drive Opportunity south and uphill to look at exposed rock layers on a slope . The rock has high levels of manganese and sulfur , which may have been concentrated in the rock because of water , researchers say . "  This may have happened just beneath the surface relatively recently , " Arvidson said , "  or it may have happened deeper below ground longer ago and then , by serendipity , erosion stripped away material above it and made it accessible to our wheels . " Opportunity weighs 384 pounds and measures about 5 feet in both length and height . It recently celebrated 10 years since its January 25 , 2004 , landing . Opportunity 's twin , Spirit , landed on January 4 , 2004 . Spirit stopped communicating in 2010 , but Opportunity continues to reveal details about the Red Planet 's former habitable conditions . NASA : 2 places on Mars could have been habitable Opportunity is the older , less technologically advanced of the two NASA rovers currently exploring Mars . The car-sized Curiosity rover , representing a $ 2.5 billion mission , is now on its way to Mount Sharp , a sedimentary formation that will allow the rover to explore Mars ' history by driving up the peak 's slope and exploring rock chemical composition layer by layer . NASA is planning to launch another Curiosity-sized rover in 2020 , which could collect samples that later missions might return to Earth .	Researchers : Mars Opportunity rover 's wheel broke off a piece of rock That piece is the ` mystery rock ' that looks like a doughnut The rock has high levels of manganese and sulfur
CNN  -- International credit rating agency Moody 's announced Monday it has once again downgraded Greek 's sovereign debt rating - just four days after European leaders agreed on a second bailout for the debt-strapped nation . A default on Greek debt instruments was near to certain , Moody 's said in an announcement published to its website Monday . But EU bailouts to Greece will likely help the country to stabilize down the road and prevent a default domino effect in the Eurozone , Moody 's added . "  Moody 's Investors Service has today downgraded Greece 's local - and foreign-currency bond ratings to Ca from Caa1 , " Moody 's said , calling the probability of a default on Greek government bonds "  virtually 100 % . " The agency based the default assessment on the "  announced EU program " and a statement on debt reassignment by the Institute of International Finance  IFF  , which represents financial institutions . The IFF has indicated that private creditors holding Greek debt instruments would likely take losses over 20 % , Moody 's said . Under debt reassignment , holders of current bonds would receive new ones in their place . The lower market value of the replacement bonds would account for the investor losses . The EU bailout to Greece protected all countries holding Europe 's common currency the euro , Moody 's said , by "  containing the severe near-term contagion risk that would likely have followed a disorderly payment default or large haircut on existing Greek debt . " A "  haircut " is slang for repaying bondholders less than they were promised when they bought the bonds . European leaders agreed on Thursday to provide a second bailout package for Greece and drastically expand rescue funds to prevent financial crisis spreading through the eurozone . European Council president Herman Van Rompuy said the rescue deal would be financed by both the EU and the International Monetary Fund . European governments and the IMF will contribute a total of 109 billion euros  about $ 157 billion  . The private sector 's share will amount to 49.6 billion euros  about $ 71 billion  . But other weaker European economies such as Italy and Spain -- seen as too big to bail out -- could falter , tearing apart the eurozone , and hurting other nations exposed to the debt take . Greece has been forced to impose harsh austerity measures , provoking violent scenes of protest , in an attempt to cut its debts . Taxes have been raised and public sector jobs cut . It is also selling off numerous assets . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and CNNMoney 's Ben Rooney contributed to this report .	Moody 's downgrades Greek government bonds from Ca to Caa1 The probability of bond default is "  virtually 100 % , " the ratings agency says Creditor losses will likely top 20 % , it anticipates Bailouts help protect the Eurozone from contagion and give Greece a chance to stabilize
CNN  -- One in 50 children is homeless in the United States every year , according to a report released Tuesday . The National Center on Family Homelessness estimates more than 1.5 million children are without a home . The report , by the National Center on Family Homelessness , analyzed data from 2005-06 and found that more than 1.5 million children were without a home . "  These numbers will grow as home foreclosures continue to rise , " Ellen Bassuk , president of the center , said in a statement . The study ranked states on their performance in four areas : the extent of child homelessness , the risk for it , child well-being and the state 's policy and planning efforts . The states that fared the poorest were Texas , Georgia , Arkansas , New Mexico and Louisiana . Connecticut , New Hampshire , Hawaii , Rhode Island and North Dakota performed the best . Homeless children have poor health , emotional problems and low graduation rates , the study found . "  The consequences to our society will play out for decades , " Bassuk said . "  As we bail out the rest of our nation , it is also time to come to their aid . " The report offers recommendations such as improved support to ensure that children 's schooling is not interrupted when they lose their homes , and services to address the trauma of homelessness . Other highlights in the report , "  America 's Youngest Outcasts : State Report Card on Child Homelessness : " • 42 percent of homeless children are younger than 6 . • African-American and Native American children are disproportionately represented . • More than 1 in 7 homeless children have moderate to severe health conditions , such as asthma . • Approximately 1.16 million of homeless children today will not graduate from high school .	The National Center on Family Homelessness analyzed data from 2005-06 Study says 42 percent of homeless children are younger than 6 States that fared poorly were Texas , Georgia , Arkansas , New Mexico and Louisiana
Washington  CNN  -- They are the numbers we 've all been waiting for and House Republicans have unsuccessfully tried to get out of the Obama administration . This week , the Department of Health and Human Services will reveal how many people purchased policies on the federal Obamacare exchange website . Technical failures have plagued HealthCare.gov since its October 1 launch , although officials say it 's slowly getting better . White House spokesman Jay Carney says enrollment numbers "  will be lower than we hoped and we anticipated . " Democrats losing patience with Obamacare Just how low and what effect all of those online roadblocks had on enrollment remain to be seen . But what will the numbers mean about the health of Obamacare ? Q : How many people need to enroll ? The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that 24 million people will purchase insurance through an exchange by 2023 , but just seven million will enroll during the initial sign-up window ending March 31 . CBO 's estimate includes customers on both state-based and federally run insurance exchanges , but not individuals who enroll in Medicaid . If that number is spread evenly over the course of the open enrollment period , 1.16 million people would need to purchase insurance each month in order for the administration to be on pace to reach the seven million figure in six months . But officials both in and out of government are quick to point out that enrollment is unlikely to occur at an even pace . Pro-Obamacare group raises $ 27 million for outreach To make that case , President Barack Obama recently traveled to Massachusetts where then-Gov . Mitt Romney enacted similar health care reforms in 2006 . "  Enrollment was extremely slow , within a month only about a hundred people had signed up , " the President told a crowd in Boston in late October , recounting data from the state 's first open-enrollment period . "  But then , 2,000 had signed up , and then a few more thousand after that . And by the end of the year , 36,000 people had signed up . " On CNN the day after the President 's trip , MIT economist Jon Gruber , a former health care adviser to both Romney and Obama , argued that the first month 's numbers are n't that useful in estimating the pace of enrollment . "  The key deadline here is March 31 , that 's when people have to have insurance to avoid the individual mandate , " Gruber said of the deadline for avoiding a financial penalty for not having any health coverage . "  That 's still months away . " A consumer behavior expert said the slow pace of enrollment early could be attributed to buying habits . Michael McCall , consumer psychology professor at Ithaca College , compared it to paying rent or a mortgage when it 's due , rather than before a bill is received . Until payment is submitted , the door remains open to back out or make changes . "  Once I pay , I 've kind of made that commitment , " McCall added . Arguably more important than the overall enrollment number is the diversity of the new customer pool . The administration is working to ensure that 40 % of those on the new exchanges are relatively healthy between 18 and 35 . "  Part of the challenge is to make sure that the exchanges are able to attract a broad cross section of people , sick people and healthier young people so that the coverage is affordable , " said Drew Altman , president and CEO of the Kaiser Family Foundation . An unbalanced insurance pool could cause insurers to increase monthly premiums or pull out of the exchanges altogether in future years . Clinton : Obama should honor commitments on keeping health plans What about Medicaid enrollees ? Customers whose income falls below a certain threshold are automatically referred to their state 's Medicaid program . The Affordable Care Act offers subsidies to states to increase Medicaid qualification to 138 % of the federal poverty level , and 25 states and the District of Columbia have taken up the federal offer so far . If your state has opted to expand Medicaid , you 'll likely be referred to your state 's welfare agency if you make less than $ 15,800 and are seeking coverage as an individual , or $ 32,500 if you 're seeking it for a family of four . The CBO estimates that nine million people will enroll in Medicaid and its partner initiative for children , the Children 's Health Insurance Program , by 2014 . According to this estimate , that number will increase to 13 million by 2023 . Media report : Fewer than 50,000 signed up for Obamacare What if my state did n't expand Medicaid ? The authors of the ACA intended Medicaid expansion to be mandatory , but a Supreme Court decision in 2010 ruled the federal government could n't require expansion of a state-run program . This decision led 25 states to opt out . If you make less than the federal poverty level , you will be referred to your state Medicaid agency to see if you qualify for benefits under the current law , regardless of whether your state has expanded Medicaid or not . According to a study by the Kaiser Foundation , only four states that did n't expand Medicaid offer benefits to parents with incomes up to the federal poverty level , and only Wisconsin offers benefits to adults without children . If your state chose not to expand its Medicaid program , you can still purchase insurance on the exchange , but you might not qualify for a premium subsidy . Federal subsidies kick in for those with income above 100 % of the federal poverty level . Due to the Supreme Court decision and the structure of the law , a large group of low-income Americans wo n't qualify for Medicaid in their state , but will earn less than the federal poverty level , meaning they wo n't qualify for any federal subsidies . According to the Kaiser Family Foundation , roughly five million people will fall into this Medicaid coverage gap . What does "  enroll " mean , anyway ? Regardless of whether you 're signing up on HealthCare.gov or one of the state-run exchanges , there are several steps in the enrollment process . You must first create an account and enter in some personal information , including your Social Security number and an estimate of your annual income . This information is then verified through the federal data hub with various government agencies , such as the Social Security Administration and the Internal Revenue Service . Then you 'll either be presented with the plans available in your coverage area and an estimate for what those plans will cost after any federal subsidy is factored in , or you 'll be told you qualify for Medicaid and referred to your state 's Medicaid agency . If you 're eligible to purchase a plan on the exchange , you can compare the plans available to find one that best fits your budget and coverage needs . Many insurance companies and state-based exchanges do n't classify customers as officially enrolled until they 've paid their first premium . Others will count people as enrolled once they 've selected a plan . A spokeswoman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services confirmed Tuesday that the numbers the government plans to announce will reveal how many consumers have completed an application and selected a plan , not necessarily how many have paid . Consumers have until December 15 to pay if they want coverage beginning on January 1 , or until March 31 if they simply want to avoid paying the penalty for not having insurance . According to CNN 's tally , at least 54,700 people have paid for insurance on the state-based exchanges , but many more have made it partially through the process , completing an application and selecting a plan . Various news outlets have reported that fewer than 50,000 people have signed up and paid for new private insurance plans through the federal marketplace , HealthCare.gov . Neither the Department of Health and Human Services nor officials at CMS would confirm those numbers .	An unbalanced insurance pool could lead to higher premiums , insurers pulling out CBO estimates nine million people will enroll in Medicaid or partner program for children 2010 Supreme Court decision overturned mandatory plan for states to expand Medicaid Many insurers and state-based exchanges do n't consider customers enrolled until they pay first
Washington  CNN  -- Illinois teenager Hannah Perryman lived in fear for years until the young stalker who tormented and threatened her was finally convicted . Hannah was on hand at the Justice Department on Tuesday to tell her painful story as Attorney General Eric Holder and other top officials headlined an event designed to call attention to the growing problem of stalking . Hannah is now a 17-year-old junior at Elgin High School near Chicago . She says the stalking started when she was in elementary school and continued for so many years she believed living a life in constant fear was normal . Then , a few years ago , she decided to openly declare her fears and take up a public fight against stalking . With the help of her mother , who taught school , a determined policeman and a caring social worker , Hannah 's case opened the eyes of students and adults alike and led to a tough new anti-stalking law in Illinois . "  They just could n't believe that I was afraid every day , every night , every moment of my life , " Hannah told the audience in the ornate Great Hall of the Justice Department . "  That 's been happening to me since I was in fifth grade , so that was pretty normal to me , you know ? " The tormenter in Hannah 's case was a girl from the neighborhood who at first hung out for hours and days outside Hannah 's house . But after the intimidation escalated to verbal threats to kill Hannah , the courts finally intervened . The offender pleaded guilty and was ordered to stay away . Because the case was adjudicated in juvenile court , many of the specifics remain under seal , and Illinois officials and Hannah 's family and supporters wo n't talk about many details . Attorney General Holder paid tribute to Hannah for "  the courage to come forward and share her heartbreaking story with the world . " Holder said Hannah and her family had "  provided a model for how a potential tragedy can be turned into an opportunity " to pass a law strengthening protection of stalking victims . There are millions of victims , and many of them are n't even certain they are being stalked , officials said . Cindy Southworth , director of the Safety Net Project , says much of the abuse and torment has moved online . She says virtually every technology program and social networking site is being abused and users are being harassed or stalked . In extreme cases , victims are killed . In most cases , they are scared or intimidated . The government defines stalking as a course of conduct directed at a specific person that would cause a reasonable person to feel fear . The latest Justice Department statistics are nearly five years old , but they show about 3.4 million people age 18 or older were victims of stalking in 2006 . Southworth says the number is surely much higher now . There are no available figures on juvenile stalking victims . Officials urge individuals to report repeated unwanted phone calls , letters or e-mails . They also want authorities called if there are repeated incidents in which offenders leave flowers or gifts , show up at places waiting for the potential victim , or spread rumors about that person on the internet . Authorities stressed the individual acts may not be criminal , but collectively if they cause real fear they can violate the law , and courts can order protections for victims of any age . Victims come in all demographic groups , but officials say at least three of every four stalking victims are women .	Hannah Perryman says she was stalked for years , beginning in elementary school She spoke at a Justice Department event spotlighting the stalking problem There are millions of victims , officials say
CNN  -- Slovenia edged out 10-man Algeria 1-0 in Sunday 's World Cup Group C match at the Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane . A strike from Slovenian captain Robert Koren in the 79th minute found the net after the Algerian goalkeeper Faouzi Chaouchi made a clumsy attempt at parrying the ball away . The result put Slovenia top of Group C with three points , ahead of England and the U.S. who shared a point on Saturday . Algeria are bottom . Who 's creating a World Cup Twitter Buzz ? Algeria were forced to play the last 20 minutes with 10 men after substitute Abdelkader Ghezzal was sent off for a second bookable offence on 72 minutes . Ghezzal , a striker , had replaced Rafik Djebbour after 59 minutes and almost immediately received his first booking for tugging on Slovenian defender Marco Suler 's shirt . Follow the World Cup on CNNArabic Barely 10 minutes later , Ghezzal deliberately hand-balled trying to reach a ball knocked forward from midfield , leaving the referee no option but to show him a red card . Until Ghezzal 's sending-off , Algeria looked the better of the two teams , showing more initiative going forward than the more defensively-minded Slovenian team . The first half produced little quality and even fewer chances as both teams struggled to make an impact . Algeria came close in the 36th minute when defender Rafik Halliche narrowly headed wide from a corner . CNN 's World Sport blog Slovenia 's only chance of the half came moments before interval when midfielder Valter Bisra fired a fierce shot on target , but it was easily tipped over by Chaouchi . Slovenia 's next match is against the United States on Friday in Ellis Park , Johannesburg , while Algeria will face England the same day at the Green Point Stadium in Cape Town .	Slovenia go top of Group C after 1-0 victory against Algeria Captain Robert Koren scores winner thanks to Algerian goalkeeper mistake Algeria reduced to 10 men when substitute Abdelkader Ghezzal sent off for two bookings
CNN  -- Nearly one in four people worldwide is Muslim -- and they are not necessarily where you might think , according to an extensive new study that aims to map the global Muslim population . Nearly two out of three of the world 's Muslims are in Asia , stretching from Turkey to Indonesia . India , a majority-Hindu country , has more Muslims than any country except for Indonesia and Pakistan , and more than twice as many as Egypt . China has more Muslims than Syria . Germany has more Muslims than Lebanon . And Russia has more Muslims than Jordan and Libya put together . Nearly two out of three of the world 's Muslims are in Asia , stretching from Turkey to Indonesia . The Middle East and north Africa , which together are home to about one in five of the world 's Muslims , trail a very distant second . There are about 1.57 billion Muslims in the world , according to the report , "  Mapping the Global Muslim Population , " by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . That represents about 23 percent of the total global population of 6.8 billion . There are about 2.25 billion Christians , based on projections from the 2005 World Religions Database . Brian Grim , the senior researcher on the Pew Forum project , was slightly surprised at the number of Muslims in the world , he told CNN . "  Overall , the number is higher than I expected , " he said , noting that earlier estimates of the global Muslim population have ranged from 1 billion to 1.8 billion . The report can -- and should -- have implications for United States policy , said Reza Aslan , the best-selling Iranian-American author of "  No God but God . " "  Increasingly , the people of the Middle East are making up a smaller and smaller percentage of the worldwide Muslim community , " he told CNN by phone . "  When it comes to issues of outreach to the Muslim world , these numbers will indicate that outreach can not be focused so narrowly on the Middle East , " he said . "  If the goal is to create better understanding between the United States and the Muslim world , our focus should be on south and southeast Asia , not the Middle East , " he said . He spoke to CNN before the report was published and without having seen its contents , but was familiar with the general trends the report identified . The team at the Pew Forum spent nearly three years analyzing "  the best available data " from 232 countries and territories , Grim said . Their aim was to get the most comprehensive snapshot ever assembled of the world 's Muslim population at a given moment in time . So they took the data they gathered from national censuses and surveys , and projected it forward based on what they knew about population growth in each country . They describe the resulting report as "  the largest project of its kind to date . " It 's full of details that even the researchers found surprising . "  There are these countries that we do n't think of as Muslim at all , and yet they have very sizable numbers of Muslims , " said Alan Cooperman , the associate director of research for the Pew Forum , naming India , Russia and China . One in five of the world 's Muslims lives in a country where Muslims are a minority . And while most people think of the Muslim population of Europe is being composed of immigrants , that 's only true in western Europe , Cooperman said . "  In the rest of Europe -- Russia , Albania , Kosovo , those places -- Muslims are an indigenous population , " he said . "  More than half of the Muslims in Europe are indigenous . " The researchers also were surprised to find the Muslim population of sub-Saharan Africa to be as low as they concluded , Cooperman said . It has only about 240 million Muslims -- about 15 percent of all the world 's Muslims . Islam is thought to be growing fast in the region , with countries such as Nigeria , which has large populations of both Christians and Muslims , seeing violence between the two groups . The Pew researchers concluded that Nigeria is just over half Muslim , making it the sixth most populous Muslim country in the world . Roughly nine out of 10 Muslims worldwide are Sunni , and about one in 10 is Shiite , they estimated . They warned they were less confident of those numbers than of the general population figures because sectarian data is harder to come by . "  Only one or two censuses in the world ... have ever asked the sectarian question , " said Grim . "  Among Muslims it 's a very sensitive question . If asked , large numbers will say I am just a Muslim -- not that they do n't know , but it is a sensitive question in many places , " he said . One in three of the world 's Shiite Muslims lives in Iran , which is one of only four countries with a Shiite majority , he said . The others are Iraq , Azerbaijan , and Bahrain . Huge as the project of mapping the world 's Muslim population is , it is only the first step in a Pew Forum undertaking . Next year , the think tank intends to release a report projecting Muslim population growth into the future , and then the researchers intend to do the whole thing over again with Christians , followed by other faith groups . "  We do n't care only about Muslims , " Grim said . They 're also digging into what people believe and practice , since the current analysis does n't analyze that . "  This is no way reflects the religiosity of people , only their self-identification , " Grim said . "  We 're trying to get the overall picture of religion in the world . "	There are about 1.57 billion Muslims in the world , according to the report Report by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life Nearly 2 out of 3 of world 's Muslims are in Asia , report says Roughly 9 of 10 Muslims worldwide are Sunni , report says
CNN  -- It is the case that seems to have no end . U.S. student Amanda Knox and her former Italian boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito are waiting -- once again -- for a verdict from an Italian court . Knox has been back home in Seattle ever since an appeal court acquitted her and Sollecito in 2011 of the 2007 murder of British student Meredith Kercher . The 21-year old was found partially naked in a pool of blood in the house she shared with Knox in the picturesque town of Perugia , where both women were exchange students . Knox says she is afraid to return to Italy , where she spent four years behind bars . "  I will become ... a fugitive , " she told Italian daily La Repubblica this month , when asked what she would do if she was found guilty . Italy 's Supreme Court in March overturned the pair 's acquittals , saying that the jury did not consider all the evidence and that discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered . The case was sent to a retrial in Florence , where a verdict is expected Thursday . Sollecito made it to the tribunal . Dressed in a purple jumper , sunglasses nestled on his collar , he waited for the start of a session that was going to be beamed around the world . Ruling unclear The retrial began last September , refocusing international attention on the case that grabbed headlines in Italy , Britain and the United States -- but neither Knox or Sollecito were present in court . Prosecutor Alessandro Crini has said both Knox and Sollecito should be convicted and handed a 26-year sentence for homicide , with an additional four years for Knox for slander . Both have maintained their innocence . With little change in the case details over the years , it is not clear how presiding judge Alessandro Nencini will rule . Regardless of the decision ... both sides will have the opportunity to appeal that verdict to Italy 's Supreme Court . That process could take months . If Knox is ultimately found guilty , Italy could request her extradition from the United States ` Fugitive ' Knox , 26 , and Sollecito , 29 , were convicted in 2009 of killing Kercher , who was found with more than 40 stab wounds and a deep gash in her throat . Knox has always denied murdering Kercher and again maintained her innocence in a written statement to the Florence court . "  I must repeat to you . I 'm innocent . I did not rape , I did not steal ... I did not kill Meredith , " Knox said a lengthy e-mail , which was presented by her lawyer . Sollecito was in the Dominican Republic at the start of the retrial but returned to Italy . In November he took to the stand to make a spontaneous declaration , saying the charges against him were "  absurd . " "  For me , it 's a nightmare that goes beyond imagination , " he said of what he 's been through . ` No one remembers Meredith ' A lawyer for the Kercher family said the victim 's brother and sister , Lyle and Stephanie , would attend court to hear the decision . The Kercher family welcomed the retrial ruling , their lawyer , Francesco Maresca said in March , adding they believed the ruling that acquitted Knox and Sollecito was "  superficial and unbalanced . " The Kercher family believes more than one person was in the room when Kercher was killed , he said . "  No one remembers Meredith , while the two defendants write books , speak to the media and earn money , " Maresca told the court in closing remarks last month . Ferguson advocates for Knox One person who has been advocating for Knox is Ryan Ferguson -- the Missouri man who walked free last November after being imprisoned for nearly a decade for murdering a newspaper editor . A state appeals court overturned his conviction . "  We kind of had this connection in the sense that we 've been through this justice system ... It 's relatively the same . We 've been through this , and there 's not a whole lot of people " who 've had the same experience , he told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  So it 's cool and we can kind of just talk to each other . She wanted to reach out and say if you need to talk to anybody , if you need any help , I 'm here for you . If not , I completely understand . So that 's how we began communicating . " Asked about Knox ' current state of mind , he said she 's staying positive . "  She seems to be doing very well . I 'm impressed with her . It 's so daunting at this time , " he said . "  Within 48 hours she should know her fate . You ca n't start living life until they actually clear you and until you 're free essentially . So I 'm amazed how she 's doing . She 's working hard on school and continuing life the best she can . She believes the courts are going to do the right thing based on the facts . I agree . " Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Florence court to rule at Knox , former boyfriend retrial Thursday Both were convicted of British student Meredith Kercher 's murder , later acquitted Knox has opted not to travel to Italy for the trial after spending four years in jail If found guilty , Knox said she would become "  a fugitive "
Parenting.com  -- Revising its policy on circumcision for the first time in 13 years , the American Academy of Pediatrics now says that the preventative health benefits of infant circumcision clearly outweigh the risks . The AAP is also emphasizing that the procedure should be covered by third party payers , including Medicaid , so more families have access to it . However , the organization stopped short of recommending circumcision routinely for all infant boys , saying it 's still up to parents to weigh the health , cultural , and religious implications to make the best decision for their child . Circumcision is the surgical removal of the foreskin , a small flap of skin that covers the tip of the penis , generally performed in the days after birth . Many Jews and Muslims circumcise their sons because of their religious beliefs . Other parents choose to snip for hygiene reasons , believing it 's easier to keep a circumcised penis clean , or cosmetic ones , wanting junior to "  look like dad . " The AAP 's previous policy statement , published in 1999 and affirmed in 2005 , took a more neutral stance on circumcision , noting "  potential medical benefits , " but saying it 's "  not essential to the child 's current well-being . " However , an AAP task force formed in 2007 examined scientific studies conducted between 1995 through 2010 to evaluate if a revision was needed . The new , stronger language is a result of emerging evidence that found links between circumcision and decreased risk of urinary tract infections , some kinds of cancer , HPV , HIV , and other sexually transmitted diseases . Parenting.com : Why one mom decided to circumcise "  The evidence was becoming clearer , and it 's now obvious there 's a preventative effect , " says Dr. Michael Brady , chairman of the department of pediatrics at Nationwide Children 's Hospital in Columbus , Ohio , and a member of the AAP task force . The circumcision controversy Once routine , circumcision rates have been declining since the 1980s . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that a little more than half of all infant males are circumcised now , although that figure is likely low since it only counts in-hospital circumcisions . Globally , about 30 % of men are circumcised , although rates range drastically from country to country . Passionate opponents of circumcision , who sometimes describe themselves as "  intactivists , " call the procedure barbaric and liken it to female genital cutting . The internet , and its increasing use as a resource for medical decisions , has helped anti-circumcision groups get their message out . "  We believe that circumcision of children violates numerous legal rights of the child and is highly unethical , if not unlawful , " said a public notice posted by Doctors Opposing Circumcision in anticipation of the AAP 's announcement . Some groups have even tried to make the practice illegal . Activists in San Francisco proposed a measure to ban circumcision , but it was struck down by California Governor Jerry Brown . Courts in Germany recently called circumcision "  grievous bodily harm , " and ruled that the "  fundamental right of the child to bodily integrity outweighed the fundamental rights of the parents . " Because circumcision is such a sensitive issue , moral or religious concerns might be more important than medical studies to many parents . "  It 's a reduction of risk , not an elimination , " says Brady . "  We recognize some people have very strong personal feelings about this issue , and those should be used in any decision-making . " What the research revealed Many studies on the benefits of circumcision have been performed in Africa , where , because of the prevalence of HIV and other STDs , the effect can be seen more quickly . The task force found evidence that circumcision has a preventative effect on : HIV : Studies in Africa and a CDC math model study found that circumcision reduces HIV infection among heterosexual men . Parenting.com : Dad decides not to circumcise his sons HPV : Another African study found that circumcision reduces the spread of human papillomavirus , some strains of which can cause cervical cancer in women . Other sexually transmitted diseases : A variety of studies suggest that circumcision is linked with decreased risk of contracting syphilis and genital herpes . Urinary Tract Infections : Although still uncommon for boys , UTIs are more common among uncircumcised males in the first year of life . Treatment at this age can be painful and require hospitalization . Penile cancer : An association was found between circumcision and decreased risk of this rare type of cancer . Prostate cancer : A new study suggests that circumcision could be tied to a slightly lower rate of prostate cancer . While critics say circumcision decreases sexual pleasure , there are currently no scientific studies to support this claim . In fact , study participants in Africa who had been circumcised as adults reported either no effect or increased pleasure . Insurance implications One major impetus for new policy , according to Brady , was to send a message to state lawmakers that circumcision should be an option for all families . Currently , Medicaid programs in 18 states in the U.S. do not provide coverage for routine circumcision of infant boys , and so "  families who could not afford it were having the decision made for them , " says Brady . In fact , over time , a higher circumcision rate might actually save money . A new study from researchers at Johns Hopkins found that not circumcising would result in an average of $ 313 per person in related health costs over a lifetime -- an extra $ 2 billion at current circumcision rates . However , opponents of circumcision may take issue with taxpayer dollars being used to pay for a procedure they find immoral . Despite the AAP 's recommendation , universal coverage is unlikely to be a reality any time soon , as states look for ways to cut back . "  I 'm concerned 2012 is not the best environment for getting state lawmakers add additional health care costs to Medicaid , " says Brady . Parenting.com : Our complete guide to circumcision What to ask your doctor For many new parents , this is the first medical decision they are making for their child , and it 's a tough one . The new policy states that parents should get clear , unbiased information from their OB/GYN or pediatrician during pregnancy , which is when the decision on whether to circumcise is usually made . Brady suggests discussing with your doctor the health benefits and risks , and doing your homework to make sure that if you 're considering circumcision , whoever is performing it has been properly trained . It should be performed in a sterile environment with analgesia for pain relief . Parents should be clear on how to care for their newborn 's penis , cut or uncut . Then , after talking to your doctor , it 's up to you . "  Parents need to make the decision they feel is the best for their child , " says Brady . "  We do n't want to put anyone in a position where they are being told what they have to do . " The new policy statement will be published in the September issue of Pediatrics . It is also endorsed by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists . This article was originally published on Parenting.com : AAP : Health benefits of circumcision outweigh the risks Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	American Academy of Pediatrics says circumcision should be covered by insurance Many parents choose the procedure for religious , hygiene or cosmetic reasons AAP 's previous policy took a more neutral stance on circumcision
Tunis  CNN  Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi confirmed that a third person took part in last week 's Bardo museum terror attack in an interview Sunday with French TV Station iTele . "  There were for certain three terrorists , " Essebsi said . "  There is one on the run . He will not get far . " Previously two suspects had been identified -- Yassine Labidi and Saber Khachnaou -- though it was n't immediately clear if they were the pair killed at the museum by Tunisian security forces . He said Yassine was "  known to the security services , he was flagged and monitored , " but not known or being followed for anything special . Authorities have arrested nine people in connection with the attack , including four directly linked to it , according to Essebsi . The development came a day after the bodies of four Italian tourists slain in the attack arrived back in Italy , an official with the Tunis Crisis Center told CNN , but 14 victims ' remains still lie in the morgue . Most of the 23 victims were foreigners , making the process of identification more complicated . Nineteen of them were tourists who 'd been on two cruise ships that docked in Tunis . French , Spanish , Italian , British , Japanese , Russian and Colombian citizens are among those to have been formally identified so far . The bodies of the Italians were met in Rome by Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi , who paid his respects to the victims and their families in a brief ceremony . Eleven people who were injured in the attack remained in the hospital in Tunisia on Saturday , the official at the Tunis Crisis Center said . An uncle of Yassine Labidi , Abeld Malik Labidi , told CNN on Friday that no one he knew had seen any signs of extremism in his 26-year-old nephew . But he said Yassine Labidi was one of the two gunmen killed at the museum . "  It 's true that Yassine carried out this terrorist attack , he was killed ; his head , his body , we do n't have it back , " he said . But , he said , he believed Yassine and other young Tunisians like him were also victims of terrorism -- of the recruiters who paid them money , organized the logistics and took them to places like Syria and Libya to train as fighters . He had known his nephew well , he said . "  After the revolution of 2011 he started to pray , before he would drink beers from time to time , like a young Tunisian . He was n't extreme in any way . " The only thing that raised questions was that Yassine had disappeared for about a month , he said . Although his nephew said he 'd gone to the Tunisian city of Sfax to work , his family now suspected he had been in Libya because of the phone numbers he called from . "  When he came back his behavior was the same : he was still himself , calm , serious . Nobody noticed anything , even the neighbors I spoke to , " said Abeld Malik Labidi . "  He said hello to everyone , he prayed , he took his coffee , even on the day of the attack he took his coffee with his family and went to work . " Abeld Malik Labidi said Yassine 's father , sister and brother had undergone lengthy interrogations by anti-terror police since the attack . Officers had seized his nephew 's computer and phone , as well as taking samples of his fingerprints , he said . A cousin of Yassine , who asked not to be named , told CNN that the family was shocked by what had happened . "  We are all shocked , we lost someone even if what he did was wrong , may God forgive him . Those he killed were innocent , why would you go and harm Australians or Japanese ... our Islam does n't mention about killing people , Islam has never been this , " he said . He also said he had no idea how his cousin had been radicalized , saying he was "  a normal Tunisian guy ... but not an extremist . " Security Minister Rafik Chelly said on Friday that the two extremists who attacked the museum got weapons training at camps in Libya . The suspects were activated from sleeper cells in Tunisia , he said . He did not say which group activated them , or with whom they trained . "  They left the country illegally last December for Libya , and they were able to train with weapons there , " he told private broadcaster AlHiwar Ettounsi TV . Like Tunisia , Libya saw its longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi ousted during the regional wave of revolutions known as the Arab Spring . But unlike its neighbor to the west , Libya has been fraught with more instability and violence -- much of it perpetrated by Islamist militants . In an audio message posted online Thursday , ISIS claimed responsibility for Wednesday 's attack , which it said targeted "  crusaders and apostates " with "  automatic weapons and hand grenades . " CNN can not independently verify the legitimacy of the audio statement . That bloodshed is "  just the start , " the ISIS message warned -- a threat that may or may not be hollow , but nonetheless adds extra urgency for Tunisian investigators . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza reported from Tunis and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Radina Gigova and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Tunisian President says third person who took part in museum attack is on the run The bodies of four Italian tourists killed in Tunis are returned to Italy
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida  CNN  -- Space shuttle Discovery was scheduled to launch early Tuesday morning for a mission to deliver equipment to the international space station . Discovery rests on launch pad 39A at Cape Canaveral on Monday evening . The seven-member crew was boarding the orbiter Monday night on Cape Canaveral 's launch pad 39A . Commander Rick Sturckow and Pilot Kevin Ford will guide Discovery to the space station after launch , scheduled for 1:36 a.m. ET Tuesday , NASA said . Forecasters gave the Cape an 80 percent chance of acceptable weather conditions at launch time . One of Discovery 's seven astronauts , Nicole Stott , will remain on the space station as a flight engineer , replacing astronaut Timothy Kopra , who will return home aboard Discovery as a mission specialist , according to the NASA Web page for the mission . Also on board : The Leonardo logistics module , science experiments and the Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill  COLBERT  , named for Stephen Colbert of Comedy Central 's "  The Colbert Report . " Earlier this year , NASA conducted an online poll to name the space station 's newest compartment , asking voters to choose one of four given options or offer their own suggestion . Colbert urged his viewers to suggest "  Colbert , " which won . But Colbert and the space agency compromised to give the moniker to the treadmill instead . The new module was given the name Tranquility . "  I 'm so proud my treadmill will be going into space to help trim down those famously fat astronauts . Lay off the Tang , Chubby ! " Colbert said in a statement last week . The mission will be Discovery 's 37th to space , and the 30th shuttle mission dedicated to international space station assembly and maintenance , NASA says .	Discovery scheduled to launch at 1:36 a.m. ET Tuesday Cape Canaveral has 80 percent chance of acceptable weather for launch Shuttle to deliver equipment to international space station Astronaut Nicole Stott will remain on the space station as a flight engineer
Notch this up to Swedes and another ridiculously cool , innovative design . This latest effort can be found off an African island and straightaway is placed high on that list of ` amazing hotels I wish i could get to ' many travelers have . Just off the coast of Tanzania , The Manta Resort on Pemba Island has added a beautiful , other-worldly underwater bedroom to their original 16-room offering . The new ` digs ' opened for business this month , designed by Swedish company Genberg Underwater Hotels . They are the brains behind the The Utter Inn , an underwater room in the middle of a Swedish lake which was also one of our 15 unusual places to spend the night . Lying approximately 250 meters offshore , the latest underwater structure is a three-story affair , with a rooftop deck , a bathroom and a lounge area at sea level and finally the bedroom downstairs , with the fish . At night , spotlights under the windows attract and illuminate squid and octopus -- a more reclusive crowd than the daytime sea life . The resort is popular with divers owing to the coral reef around the island . Underwater Room , The Manta Resort , Pemba Island , Tanzania ; +255 776 718 852 ; $ 1500 per night for a two-person stay , $ 900 per night for singles	New underwater room opened on Pemba Island , Tanzania Floating three-level structure was designed by Swedish company
CNN  -- Can mounting radar sensors or cameras on cars help prevent some traffic jams ? New research suggests so . When a car slows quickly and unexpectedly , it can trigger a chain reaction in the cars behind it and create traffic slowdowns . It does n't take construction or a fender-bender to disrupt traffic on a highway , just one driver hastily hitting his brakes . But Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor Berthold Horn has developed an algorithm he thinks can be used by cars to better reduce these kinds of "  phantom " traffic jams : slowdowns not caused by obvious culprits like accidents or road repairs . Using Horn 's system , multiple cars would detect the velocity and distance of the cars in front and behind them and then regulate their speed to avoid sudden braking and maintain a more consistent speed . Horn told the MIT News Office that one driver braking suddenly can have a ripple effect , increasing in amplitude , on the line of cars behind them , even if the driver just hit the brakes for a moment . Completely autonomous car technology is under development at universities , car companies and even Google . But Horn 's system is n't just for cars in the far-off future . He believes that it could be used by existing vehicles that have a feature called adaptive cruise control , which is found on some high-end cars . Cars with adaptive cruise control are outfitted with radar sensors or digital cameras on the front of the vehicle . They detect nearby cars and gauge how far away they are and how fast they 're going . In addition to keeping a preset speed , a car with adaptive cruise control automatically adjusts the brakes and throttle to stay a safe distance from the cars ahead of it . The system is great for people who often hit stop-and-go traffic during their commutes . It can slow down when necessary to avoid accidents and rev back up to the maximum desired cruising speed . But Horn 's system would take this a step further by adding sensors on the back of the car as well . A car that stays roughly halfway between those in front of it and behind it would be less likely to pass on any disruptions in speed to the car behind it . Horn describes his system as "  bilateral control , " and it works best when a lot of cars on the road are using it . The algorithm takes into account other human factors , like drivers ' reaction time and typical behaviors such as speeding up to close gaps between cars . Horn , who researches computer vision , came up with the idea to create a computer simulation of these types of traffic issues after dealing with backups on interstates in Massachusetts . Mounting cameras or sensors on cars is still a new and expensive technology , but it is a key part of automated driving advancements . In the future , cars could communicate with each other and share information about speed and traffic to better address issues that individual drivers ca n't fix on their own . Horn presented his findings this month at a transportation conference .	Many traffic slowdowns are just chain reactions started by cars hastily slowing down An MIT professor has developed a system for preventing these types of jams Cars with mounted cameras or sensors can track cars around them and better regulate speed
CNN  -- Private pools , flat-screen TVs , mega liquor bottles . Been there , seen it , drunk that . Hotel amenities these days are as much a ploy to get you to gush about them to your friends back home as they are to make your stay comfortable . This list of over-the-top hotel amenities is worth bringing up because each is a rare one-off , not available in all sizes . 1 . Choice of 20 Fender guitars Who needs an in-room iPod , when one of 20 Fender guitars is available for free at Chicago 's Hard Rock Hotel ? Although guests do have to put down a credit card  in case they start to channel Pete Townshend 's guitar-smashing antics  , they can keep their chosen ax bedside until such time as they either take their band on the road or check out . Choices range from a $ 1,600 Stratocaster to classic Telecasters and bass guitars . Also available are floor amps and Nixon headphones that will vprevent renditions of "  Freebird " from rocking out other guests . Those that do n't know a "  G " chord from a "  C , " can tune into a streamed 70-minute lesson from guitar instructor Rico Monaco . The hotel now offers a similar program for DJ mixers in addition to guitars . Hard Rock Hotel , 230 N. Michigan Ave. , Chicago , Ill. , 60601 , United States ; +1 312 345 1000 2 . Royal chariot Taking inspiration from the historic British concession where it 's located , The Ritz-Carlton , Tianjin is built to resemble an ancient British palace . And what European palace is complete without a horse-drawn carriage and uniformed horseman ? Branding itself as a wedding hotel , the Ritz offers an extravagant "  royal wedding package " that includes a Rolls Royce grand entrance , free-flowing Champagne tower , royal-themed cake and a ride on the carriage . Non wedding guests can enjoy a 30-minute ride on the carriage around the former British concession too - for the princely sum of RMB50 ,000  $ 8100  . The Ritz-Carlton , Tianjin , 167 Dagubei Road , Heping District , Tianjin , China ; +86 22 5857 8888 3 . Pet psychologist They 're said to be mankind 's best friend -- and do n't we treat them like it . Hotel deLuxe offers guests ' dogs acupuncture and even Reiki treatments , and has an in-house pet psychologist for guests to connect with their pets better . Dog expert Stanley Coren can answer questions about canine emotions and intelligence . The service is available at these Provenance hotels : Hotel Max  Seattle  , Hotel deLuxe  Portland , Oregon  , Hotel Murano  Tacoma , Washington  , Hotel Lucia  Portland  and Hotel Preston  Nashville , Tennessee  . 4 . Wake-up calls from celebrities At Nashville 's Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center , a monster hotel with 2,882 rooms , waterfalls , indoor rivers , daily light shows and more tropical vegetation than Biosphere 3 , guests can opt for a rousing "  Rise and Shine " wake-up call from a Who 's Who of country music stars , including Vince Gill , Trace Adkins , Kellie Pickler and Wynonna Judd . Guests might even bump into them in the flesh at the adjoining Grand Ole Opry stage , a Nashville institution since 1925 . Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center , 2800 Opryland Drive , Nashville , Tennessee ; +1 615 889 1000 5 . Sleep concierge After paying all this money for essentially a place to sleep , why not get some guidance on how to do it right ? The Benjamin has been a pioneer in the trend with an in-house sleep consultant , Rebecca Robbins . The sleep team and Robbins , co-author of the book "  Sleep for Success ! , " provide advice to adults and children . Kid-size bathrobes and pillows , storybooks and dolls are available . Kids are then rewarded with a certificate for sleeping well . The hotel can also prepare the room for optimum napping , on request . The Benjamin , 125 East 50th St. , New York City ; +1 212 715 2500 6 . Recording studio In the basement of the Sunset Marquis Hotel in California is a professional recording studio that attracts some of the biggest names in showbiz , including Katy Perry , Tom Hanks , Christina Aguilera , Aerosmith and Clint Eastwood The Nightbird studio handles tracking , editing and mixing with state-of-the-art technology and a staff of engineers . Sunset Marquis Hotel , 1200 Alta Loma Road , West Hollywood , California ; +1 310 657 1333 7 . Kidnapping followed by a picnic Every couple that checks into Namale Resort and Spa on Fiji 's Vanua Levu island is "  kidnapped " at some point during their stay and taken to a surprise four-course picnic somewhere on the lush resort 's 212 hectares . Sometimes it 's next to a waterfall , sometimes in a cave , sometimes on a private deck overlooking a blowhole in the Koro Sea . Guests never know when they will be summoned . Namale Resort and Spa , Hibiscus Hawaii , Savusavu , Fiji , +1 858 381 5177 8 . Pet goldfish Forced to leave Rover behind ? No worries . At Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants , guests can request a stand-in pet . The Kimpton 's in-room goldfish ca n't sit or fetch , but they can , if scientific studies are to be believed , calm nerves , reduce anxiety and lower blood pressure . And if that does n't work , Kimpton also offers in-room yoga lessons . Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants , at various locations in the United States ; +1 800 546 7866 9 . Chocolate parlor Move over , Willy Wonka . Soneva Kiri 's over-the-top chocolate parlor serves non-stop free chocolate from mousses and fondues to candies , lattes and brioche . Who even knew there was such a thing as vinegar chocolate or citrus and thyme chocolate ? A team of sweet-toothed chefs oversees the handcrafted , Fair Trade chocolate that makes its way to this resort on the Thai island of Kood . Soneva Kiri , 110 Moo 4 , Koh Kood Sub district , Trat 23000 , Thailand ; +66 3961 9800 10 . Ring-delivering owls At Ireland 's Ashford Castle , a 141-hectare property on the shores of Lough Corrib and River Cong , a resident owl named Dingle is always available to swoop in with an engagement ring around his neck . Dingle has also been known to deliver notes and messages . This medieval castle , built in 1228 , also played a starring role in the John Wayne-Maureen O'Hara movie , "  The Quiet Man . " The castle is undergoing renovation until March 2015 . Ashford Castle , Cong , County Mayo , Ireland , +353 94 954 6003 11 . Sunshine butler If you spot a well-dressed person by the poolside , expressing eagerness to rub sun lotion on your back , do n't be alarmed . The Club Hotel & Spa in the Channel Islands has recently introduced their "  Sunshine Butlers " to guests at the terrace pool . The butlers offer poolside services like polishing your sunglasses , applying sun creams and providing cooling face and foot misters , iced towels and watermelon . The Club Hotel & Spa , Green Street , St. Helier , Jersey , Channel Islands ; +1 1534 876 500 12 . Manta ray phone Four Seasons Resort Landaa Giraavaru at Baa Atoll , Maldives -- a UNESCO World Biosphere -- provides guests with a direct line to any manta rays in the area . Well , almost . Guests signed up for the "  Manta-on-call " service during the manta ray peak season -- June to November -- will receive the latest sightings of manta rays in the area and be taken away on a speeding boat to the location . Four Seasons Resort Maldives at Landaa Giraavaru , Baa Atoll ; +960 66 00 888 13 . Porsche rides and others Not a fan of being chauffeured around ? At Rancho Valencia , all hotel guests have access to a fleet of Porsches . Guests at all 25hours Hotels can hire Mini Coopers during their stay . And for eco-conscious guests , the Hyatt Regency Jeju hotel on Jeju Island -- the "  Hawaii of Korea " -- offers free electric cars . Rancho Valencia Resort & Spa , 5921 Valencia Circle , Rancho Santa Fe , California ; +1 858 756 1123 25Hours Hotels at various locations Hyatt Regency Jeju , Â 114 Jungmungwangwang-ro 72 beon-gil , Seogwipo-si , Jeju Province , South Korea ; +82 64 733 1234 14 . Fragrance butler Take this , airport security enforcers . At Vancouver 's tiny Hotel Georgia and some other Rosewood 's city hotels , there 's no need to monitor perfume bottles to make sure they 're less than 100 milliliters because there 's no need to even pack them . A white-gloved fragrance butler bearing 10 fragrances  five for him and five for her  on a silver salver will knock on your door within minutes of you notifying the concierge your wrists need spritzing . Some selections can only be found in a specific hotel , for example Hermes Eau des Mervailles at The Carlyle in New York or Guerlain L'Instant de Guerlain at Rosewood Sand Hill in California . Participating hotels include The Carlyle  New York City  , Rosewood Crescent Hotel  Dallas , Texas  , Rosewood Mansion on Turtle Creek  Dallas , Texas  , Rosewood Sand Hill  Menlo Park , California  , Rosewood Hotel Georgia  Vancouver  , Al Faisaliah Hotel  Riyadh , Saudi Arabia  and Rosewood Corniche  Jeddah , Saudi Arabia	Transcending Wi-Fi , pillow menus and full minibars , these hotel amenities truly give you something to brag about back home Music fans may be interested in a Fender guitar at Hard Rock , Chicago , or a recording studio at Sunset Marquis Hotel , California Kimpton Hotels provide stand-in pet goldfish while Provenance hotels have a pet psychologist on call
EW.com  -- The bad news : Emmy-award winning comedian John Oliver is leaving "  The Daily Show , " where he 's been serving as a correspondent since 2006 . The good news : He 'll be moving to HBO for a brand-new topical comedy series , slated to launch in 2014 . The show will air weekly on Sunday nights . Oliver caught the cable giant 's eye this summer , when he spent two months filling in for "  Daily Show " host Jon Stewart . "  We were n't otherwise searching for another weekly talk show , but when we saw John Oliver handling host duties on The Daily Show , we knew that his singular perspective and distinct voice belonged on HBO , " said HBO Programming president Michael Lombardo said in a statement . "  We are extremely excited that John has agreed to make HBO his home . " "  I 'm incredibly excited to be joining HBO , especially as I presume this means I get free HBO now , " Oliver added . "  I want to thank Comedy Central , and everyone at The Daily Show for the best seven and a half years of my life . But most of all , I 'd like to thank Jon Stewart . He taught me everything I know . In fact , if I fail in the future , it 's entirely his fault . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Oliver has been a correspondent on "  The Daily Show " since 2006 His new HBO comedy series is slated for 2014 This summer he filled in for "  Daily Show " host Jon Stewart
CNN Student News  -- February 18 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Middle East & North Africa • Egypt • Iran Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . JOYCE JOSEPH , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : You 're tuned in to CNN Student News , where Fridays are always awesome ! Hi , everyone . Carl Azuz is off today . I 'm Joyce Joseph . Let 's get to the headlines . First Up : Lessons To Be Learned ? JOSEPH : First up , political protests turn violent in some of the Middle Eastern nations we 've been talking about these past few weeks . The U.S. government says it 's "  deeply concerned " about the crackdown on anti-government protesters in Bahrain . Yesterday , several people were killed and hundreds more were injured in fighting between protesters and security forces . In Yemen , at least 20 people were hurt when groups that support and oppose that country 's government threw stones at each other yesterday . And in Libya , some web sites called for a "  Day of Rage " Thursday . That could be a sign that anti-government protests are picking up in the country . In all of these countries protesters are calling for change . That 's already happened in Egypt , where long-time President Hosni Mubarak has stepped down . Sandra Endo explains why Egypt should study history to see where things might go from here . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP SANDRA ENDO , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : A revolution in Iran 32 years ago . Months of bloodshed , protest , but success : the ouster of the Shah and his oppressive government . Three decades later , a similar fight , this time powered by Egyptians . The sweet taste of victory , forcing a dictator out of office . But what 's next ? For Iranians , more than thirty years later , the battle for freedom still remains . Mehdi Amini was 17 years old when he took part in the Iranian revolution . He says the honeymoon was short lived after the Shah 's regime was over and a repressive Islamic republic took charge . He wants Egyptians to learn from Iran 's history . MEHDI AMINI , IRANIAN PROTESTER : We have Iran as a good example of the hopes that people had and what it eventually ended up being . So , I 'm just hoping that they do n't have the same outcome and that they should be under watch . ENDO : A big warning for Egyptians . TRITA PARSI , PRESIDENT , NATIONAL IRANIAN AMERICAN COUNCIL : It 's very positive that there 's so much optimism , but it should not be translated into naivety . This is where the hard work begins , to ensure that getting rid of a dictatorial system actually translates into achieving democracy . And that 's a very , very hard path that the Egyptians will walk . But hopefully , they will be more successful than the Iranians were in 1979 . ENDO : For Iranians like Amini , their fight will continue . AMINI : I hope to see a day where I can go and vote freely for someone who I choose . I hope to see a day when women and men have the right to just , basically , walk with each other , not be fearful of the repercussions of what 's going to happen . And I hope to see , basically , a day when I can go back to my country . ENDO : Sandra Endo , CNN , Washington END VIDEO CLIP This Day In History JOSEPH : It 's February 18th , and on this day in history ... In 1861 , Jefferson Davis became the president of the Confederate States of America . The Confederacy ended with its loss in the U.S. Civil War . In 1930 , Pluto was discovered by an astronomer at an observatory in Arizona . It was once thought to be the solar system 's 9th planet , but Pluto was downgraded in 2006 . And in 2001 , NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt Sr. , "  The Intimidator , " was killed in a car crash during the last lap of the Daytona 500 . Stimulus : Two Years Later JOSEPH : It did n't happen on this day in history , but two years ago yesterday , President Obama signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act into law . Most of us know it better as the stimulus bill . This law , which had a final price tag of $ 814 billion , caused a huge controversy . It was designed to give the U.S. economy a jump start , but Democrats and Republicans disagreed about whether or not it would work . Two years later , they still disagree . President Obama 's administration says the stimulus has helped save more than 3 million jobs and kept the country from suffering another depression . Republicans say the stimulus has n't created the kind of recovery that the president promised it would . As part of their argument , Republicans point to the country 's unemployment rate . It 's gone down recently , but it 's higher now than when the stimulus bill was signed . Some experts say it 's hard to judge the success of the stimulus because more than a third of the money from it has n't even been spent yet . Shoutout JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Savannah 's social studies class at Heartland Academy in Radcliff , Kentucky ! What name was associated with U.S. laws that enforced racial segregation ? Was it : A  John Brown , B  Jim Crow , C  Dred Scott or D  Homer Plessy ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Jim Crow laws enforced racial segregation between the 1870s and 1950s . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! The Green Book JOSEPH : You might have learned about some of the Jim Crow laws in school : whites and blacks had to use separate water fountains , sit in different parts of the bus , go to different schools . While these laws were in effect , and even after they were overturned , African-Americans were n't welcome everywhere . Fredricka Whitfield shows us how a special book helped people travel safely around the country . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP FREDRICKA WHITFIELD , CNN ANCHOR , CNN NEWSROOM : The pictures on his wall are from 50 years ago , but Ernest Green remembers it like yesterday . Green was one of the Little Rock 9 , a group of African-American students who enrolled in Central High School in the Arkansas capital in 1957 . While Green was making history in the schools , his family navigated the segregated roads using a little-known guide for African-American families . ERNEST GREEN , LITTLE ROCK NINE : The Green Book was a , I think an institution in black life . It was one of those unknown survival tools for black people that had to move around the country . I was a teenager , so I knew that the Green Book was a necessity for us to have a place to stay . WHITFIELD : A place to stay , a place to eat , even a car repair shop that would be friendly to blacks , all pulled together in this directory . GREEN : I had had a personal experience with the Green Book . My aunt and mother mapping out a program for us to travel from Little Rock to Hampton , Virginia for my sister 's graduation . WHITFIELD : Personal tales like this inspired the playwright , and he learned about the travel guide 's 1936 genesis . CALVIN RAMSEY , PLAYWRIGHT , AUTHOR , "  RUTH AND THE GREEN BOOK " : Well , Victor Green , an African-American gentleman who had traveled himself and had hardships on the road , embarrassment , embarrassing situations that he did n't want to see his people continue to have . So he said , "  If I can do something about this , I will . " WHITFIELD : The idea took off . And year after year , the Green Book grew , providing resources for all 50 states . Today , Ramsey takes his children 's book , "  Ruth and the Green Book , " to elementary schools , bringing old tales to a new audience . And in the process , picking up on a dream that the creator of the Green Book held dearly . GREEN : Travel , exposure , knowledge , all of it is fatal to prejudice . It requires people to think broader to this idea about universality that begins to see people as people . WHITFIELD : Big lessons from the little guide that history almost forgot . Fredricka Whitfield , CNN , Atlanta . END VIDEO CLIP Pictures Do n't Lie JOSEPH : Teachers , we have a documentary we think you 'll want to check out . "  Pictures Do n't Lie " tells the story of civil rights photographer Ernest Withers , who may have also been an FBI informant ! The program airs at 8 p.m. Eastern this Sunday on CNN . And you can find our discussion guide in the Spotlight section at CNNStudentNews.com ! Blog Promo JOSEPH : And right underneath the Spotlight section you 'll see a link to our blog . Today 's question : Who are your Black History Month heroes ? They might have made significant achievements in the world of politics , entertainment , sports , business or civil rights . Head to our blog at CNNStudentNews.com . Tell us who you 're picking , and why . Before We Go JOSEPH : Before we go , I hope you guys are hungry , because somebody 's gon na have to finish all these fish tacos . 260 in all . Of course , before anyone eats them , Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia is hoping they measure up to a world record : the world 's longest taco line . That 's 80 pounds of fish , 45 pounds of veggies , four gallons of salsa . The stunt is helping promote a new menu item at the cafeteria . Goodbye JOSEPH : So , they may "  taco " good game about the world record , but it 's also possible they 're fishing for compliments . Either way , it 's food for thought . CNN Student News will cook up our next program on Tuesday . We 're off on Monday for Presidents ' Day . We hope you enjoy the long weekend . I 'm Joyce Joseph .	Find out why Egypt can learn about its potential future from Iran 's past Consider the impact of the stimulus bill two years after it became law Learn about a book that helped African-Americans travel safely around the U.S. Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- A former death row chef says he will pay for and cook every last meal for condemned inmates himself , after Texas announced it was stopping the tradition . "  We should not get rid of the last meal , " said Brian Price , an ex-convict who spent a decade in Texas preparing last meals for the condemned . "  Justice is going to be served when this person is executed , but can we not show our softer side ? Our compassionate side ? " Last week 's audacious last meal request by killer Russell Brewer was the last straw for some in Texas . Brewer was executed September 21 for his role in the infamous racially motivated 1998 dragging death of James Byrd Jr. . His last meal request was for two chicken-fried steaks smothered in gravy with sliced onions , a triple-meat bacon cheeseburger , a cheese omelet with other ingredients , a large bowl of fried okra with ketchup , three fajitas , a pint of Blue Bell ice cream and a pound of barbecue with a half-loaf of white bread . Just for good measure , Brewer added a slab of peanut butter fudge with crushed peanuts , a pizza and three root beers . Then he ate none of it . Not a bite . "  Enough is enough , " said Texas state Sen. John Whitmire , a day after the execution . "  It is extremely inappropriate to give a person sentenced to death such a privilege -- one which the perpetrator did not provide to their victim . " Texas prison officials agreed with Whitmire , immediately halting the tradition of letting an inmate about to be executed choose the menu for his or her last meal . "  Texas has always been coldhearted about these type of things , " said Price . "  Not to minimize these crimes , the majority of them have earned their place at that dinner table . But with my offer it would not cost Texas taxpayers anything . " Price said he knows all too well the angst some in Texas may feel about baking cakes or grilling steaks for the perpetrators of some of the most heinous crimes in the state . Price dealt with the same feelings years ago during a 14-year prison term for assault . His job in the facility included cooking meals to fill the sometimes extravagant requests of men who were about to be executed . "  I used to research the crimes and wonder , ` How could I prepare a meal for this guy ? ' " Price said . Price had little empathy for the convicts on death row until he had a conversation with Manny Lopez , an inmate who was tasked with cleaning the death chamber after executions . "  Manny told me that cleaning the blood off the gurney did not affect him , " Price said . "  He said what got to him was washing the handprints , smeared lipstick , tear stains off the windows of the witness room where the man 's family was watching him die . " Price said he began to imagine if the people on death row were his family members . "  I would just act like it was my brother who was going to be on that gurney , and then I would cook , " Price said . He wrote about his experiences and the almost 200 meals he prepared in a book titled "  Meals to Die For . " Since leaving prison he has opened a restaurant and married . He says he thinks about his conversation with Lopez often and he really wants to keep the tradition of a last meal alive . But it seems that Texas will not take Price up on his offer . "  While we appreciate Mr. Price 's offer , it 's not the cost but more the concept that we 're moving away from , " said Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokesman Jason Clark .	A recent large , uneaten death row meal pushed Texas officials to end the last meal tradition "  Can we not show our softer side ? " asks Brian Price , a former death row chef He spent 14 years in prison for assault He wrote a book about the nearly 200 meals he cooked for the condemned
CNN  -- Amanda Knox says she 's scared to return to Italy to face a new trial nearly six years after her study-abroad roommate 's slaying . But she 's considering it . "  I 'm afraid to go back there , " she told CNN 's Chris Cuomo . "  In Italy , " she added , "  people think it 's arrogant of me to sit here in the United States and have a book come out and defend myself . And first of all , I find that incredibly unfair , because I have the right to defend myself . And no one can ask me to just shut up because it 's convenient . But at the same time , I want to prove to them that I care about what 's going on . " Knox and her ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito are accused in the 2007 killing of 21-year-old Meredith Kercher in Perugia , Italy . In a wide-ranging interview set to air on CNN Tuesday night , Knox spoke to Cuomo about the case against her . "  I find it incredible that despite an absolute lack of evidence that connects me to this murder , I am still being judged based upon unrealistic and unreasonable expectations about how a young woman would react to a horrible situation , " she said . "  No one knows how they would react to a horrible situation until it happens to them . " Criticisms that she was cold and unfeeling about her roommate 's murder are unfair , she said . "  I have cried . I have been angry . I have been scared . And these were all things ... that I have shown , that have come out of me , " she said . Knox : I wanted to come back from Italy stronger and surer For years , the twists and turns of the case have drawn international attention . The case began in 2007 , when Knox , then 20 , was studying abroad and lived with Kercher . That November , Kercher 's semi-naked body was found at the home where they lived , her throat slashed . Police arrested Knox and Sollecito , who was her boyfriend at the time . Two years later they were convicted of murder . Another man , Ivorian drifter Rudy Guede , was convicted separately of Kercher 's killing . Guede admitted having sexual relations with Kercher but denied killing her . Case is complicated , confusing mess A jury overturned Knox 's conviction in 2011 , and she flew home to Seattle . An Italian appeals court overturned Knox 's acquittal earlier this year , but experts disagree over whether the U.S. State Department will extradite her to be retried . She told CNN she was shocked to learn that there would be a retrial . "  There 's no evidence against me , " she said . "  There is nothing that links me to this murder . I am not present at the crime scene . I am just not . " She said theories from Italian police and prosecutors that she was involved in a sex game gone horribly wrong are "  absurd . " Opinion : What Knox can and ca n't tell us "  I was not strapping on leather and bearing a whip . I have never done that . ... I have never taken part in an orgy . Ever , " she said . Prosecutors had no evidence to substantiate their claims , Knox said . "  No one has ever claimed that I was ever taking part in deviant sexual activity . None of my roommates , none of my friends , none of the people who knew me there , " she said . "  This is simply coming out of the prosecution . " Knox , now 25 , spoke to CNN on the heels of the publication of her memoir , "  Waiting to be Heard . " She reportedly was paid a $ 3.8 million advance for the book . Asked by Cuomo during the interview why it looked like she had injuries on her hands , Knox said she was going through self-defense training . "  I 've received death threats since I 've been home , " she said . "  And I do n't ever want to be caught in a situation that Meredith was caught in where someone is able to overpower me because I just do n't know what to do . " "  There are not normal people who are fixated on me , " she added . "  And I do n't know what they 're capable of . I do n't . " Timeline : Kercher murder case CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Hada Messia , Ben Wedeman and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Amanda Knox says she 's considering returning to Italy for a retrial Knox says she has been judged "  based upon unrealistic and unreasonable expectations " In a wide-ranging interview , she reveals she is studying self-defense after death threats An Italian court has overturned her acquittal ; Knox maintains her innocence
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- The FBI used a photograph of a Spanish lawmaker as part of a digitally enhanced Osama bin Laden wanted poster , and the U.S. Embassy here has apologized to the angry politician , a spokesman said . "  That was not normal procedure . It was completely unintentional and the FBI is looking into it to prevent it from happening again , " U.S. Embassy spokesman Will Ostick told CNN on Saturday . Ostick said he called the leftist politician , Gaspar Llamazares , to "  express regret " on behalf of the embassy after the lawmaker 's hair and forehead wrinkles , taken from a photo , were mixed into an FBI image showing the possible appearance of Bin Laden now . The embassy received various calls from the Spanish government earlier Saturday expressing concern about the use of Llamazares 's features in the FBI 's depiction , Ostick said . Spain 's Interior Minister Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba is meeting the new American ambassador to Madrid , Alan Solomont , on Monday , the ministry announced Sunday . The ministry did not say what they would be talking about , but the meeting appears to have been scheduled at short notice and is taking place on a U.S. federal holiday when the embassy is not expected to be open . The digitally enhanced images of Bin Laden appeared Friday on the U.S. government 's Rewards for Justice Web site . One depicts how an aging Bin Laden might look now , wearing his usual turban . But the other one , depicting him without the head covering , showed the hair and facial wrinkles that were taken from a photo of Llamazares . That photo is no longer on the U.S. government 's Web site . Ostick said he told Llamazares that the error occurred when an FBI "  technician who put together the digitally enhanced image found an image  of hairline and wrinkles  that suited his purposes , and used it . " Llamazares , an elected member of Spanish parliament from the small , Communist-led United Left coalition , said he wants to know which photo of him the FBI used , and he threatened possible legal action . Spanish newspaper El Pais reported that the Llamazares photo was from his 2004 election campaign . Llamazares told reporters that he hoped it was just a case of the "  low level and incompetence " of the FBI in the fight against Al Qaeda . He said he would not travel to the United States , for fear of problems at the border , CNN partner station CNN + reported .	FBI used photo of Spanish politician to depict older Osama bin Laden U.S. Embassy spokesman has apologized to Gaspar Llamazares for the "  completely unintentional " error Llamazares ' hairline and wrinkles were transposed onto an image of the Al Qaeda leader Politician says he hopes it was just a case of "  incompetence "
President Barack Obama apologized Thursday to those Americans whose insurance plans are being canceled due to the federal health law he championed even though he said repeatedly they could keep their coverage if they liked . "  I am sorry that they are finding themselves in this situation based on assurances they got from me , " he told NBC News in an exclusive interview . "  We 've got to work hard to make sure that they know we hear them and we are going to do everything we can to deal with folks who find themselves in a tough position as a consequence of this , " he added . Obama 's comments come days after he attempted to clarify what he meant when he assured Americans in previous years that they would be able to keep their plans under the Affordable Care Act , a controversy that is prompting legislation in Congress to address it . Obama further alters ` you can keep your plan ' pledge Republicans have hammered Obama over the promise since insurers began discontinuing coverage for some of the 12 million Americans who buy individual policies on the private market that do n't meet Obamacare requirements for more comprehensive care . GOP moves past troubled Obamacare website Insurance companies appear to be doing this for a variety of reasons ; some are pulling all their plans from certain states where they have fewer subscribers in order to save money . In many cases , affected policyholders are being squeezed . They either do n't qualify for subsidies to lower the cost of new premiums or they may have to pay more in the health care exchange marketplace . When Obama says he 's looking to fix it , he primarily means steps that can be taken administratively , senior administration officials said . Some experts suggest one possible approach would be to ask insurers to delay the cancellation of plans and extend them into the New Year so that people are not left without insurance . That has been done , for example , in the state of California . But House Speaker John Boehner said an Obama apology was in order and said the Republican-led House had its own plan in mind . "  What Americans want to hear is that the President is going to keep his promise . That 's why the House will vote next week to allow anyone with a health care plan they like to keep it , " Boehner said . "  If the President is sincerely sorry that he misled the American people , the very least he can do is support this bipartisan effort . Otherwise , this apology does n't amount to anything . " The administration eventually knew that many policies would be changed by the insurance carriers after Obamacare was introduced , and the associated political uproar since its October 1 online rollout has also angered Democrats and fueled Republican efforts to extend related controversies onto the campaign trail . Vulnerable Senate Democrats voice concerns In 2010 , the Health and Human Services Department estimated that 40 % to 67 % of individual plans would eventually lose their "  grandfathered " status , which only was conferred if a plan was purchased before the health care law was approved in 2010 . Although Obama said the "  buck stops " with him on Obamacare problems to date -- including the rocky rollout of the website -- he still was resolute that his initiative to provide coverage for the uninsured and better coverage for many others would be better for the country . "  Most of the folks who ... got these cancellation letters , they 'll be able to get better care at the same cost or cheaper in these new marketplaces , " Obama said , also noting that "  we have to make sure " people do not feel as if they 've been betrayed by an effort carried out with their best interests in mind . "  They 'll have more choice , they 'll have more competition . They 're part of a bigger pool . The insurance companies are going to be hungry for their business . So the majority of folks will end up being better off , " he said . Key elements of the health law prohibit discrimination for pre-existing conditions and require new plans cover maternity care , mental health and other areas . The program was developed to put comprehensive care within reach of millions of uninsured Americans . About 95 % of legal U.S. residents receive health insurance through private employers or the federal government , the Obama administration says . But more than 48 million Americans do n't have any coverage . Debunking 4 Obamacare myths : Both sides get it wrong Obama 's apology comes a week after similar refrains were made by Vice President Joe Biden and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius regarding the botched Obamacare online rollout . Five things we learned from Obamacare records WH : Chief tech officer too busy for congressional testimony Asked if he thinks Americans will be able to trust what he says in the future , Obama said he thinks he 'll ultimately be "  judged on whether " Obamacare is better for Americans overall . "  When you try to do something big like make our health care system better ... there are going to be problems along the way , even if ultimately what you 're doing is going to make a whole lot of people better off , and I hope that people will look at the end product and they 're going to be able to look back and say , you know what , we now have protections we did n't have before , " he said . In the NBC interview , Obama reiterated the administration 's line that he 's "  confident " a "  majority of people " will be able to use the website and apply for insurance by November 30 . But he did not say whether he would push back the March 31 deadline to enroll or the penalty for those who do not purchase insurance . Obamacare depends on younger , healthier Americans to buy into the program and pay premiums to offset costs for covering older people who need more health care . Those without insurance who do not sign up for a plan face a fine . What else could go wrong with Obamacare ? A Gallup poll conducted just over a week ago showed 36 % of Americans said they did n't think that in the long run the Affordable Care Act would make much of a difference to their family 's health care situation . Just over a third said the health care law would make matters worse , and one in four said that Obamacare would make things better . Opinion : Here 's the truth about Obamacare	Obama says in interview with NBC he 's sorry Some people are losing their health coverage due to Affordable Care Act Obama said previously Americans could keep their plans if they liked them House will vote next week on bill allowing Americans to keep their health plans
CNN  -- Of all the arguments swirling around the legality of same-sex marriage , it 's clear that a major concern is , as always , the kids . Supporters argue that same-sex parents need to provide their children with a stable and supportive family home , complete with the legal protections afforded heterosexual married couples . Opponents claim that children raised by same-sex parents are wounded in some fundamental way by being denied the "  normal " benefits of having both a mother and father at home . What is lost , remarkably , in both these arguments is the science that enabled families headed by same-sex couples to exist at all . Until recently , families had to consist , at least at the outset , of a mommy and a daddy , each biologically necessary to bring children into being . Even if the mother died in childbirth or the father disappeared shortly thereafter , the physiological basis of the nuclear family remained intact : one mother , one father , and a child conceived of their union . From this unvarying biological fact came millennia of social norms and structures . Mothers stayed with their children to provide nourishment and nurture in the early days of infancy ; fathers stayed , generally , to ensure that their genetic offspring had some chance of reaching adulthood and sustaining the family line . Love did n't count so much in marriage , historically speaking , nor was there a sense of purpose that extended beyond the creation of children . And because these children could only be born through heterosexual sex , no model of marriage outside these biologically driven norms existed . All this changed , however , with the advent of assisted reproduction technologies , commonly known as ART . As long ago as the 18th century , instances of artificial insemination with a husband 's sperm were reported . But the first case of insemination with donor sperm happened in the 19th century , when a doctor in Philadelphia used sperm from one of his best-looking medical students to impregnate a supposedly infertile woman . The technique worked , a child was born and the woman  who was told she was having an operation to cure her infertility  never knew of the switch . After that point , as word slowly spread , doctors began to quietly experiment with artificial insemination with donor sperm , working only with infertile heterosexual couples , turning to friends of the couple or -- once again -- their medical students . Over time , though , as the practice became more widespread and eventually commercial , single and lesbian women began availing themselves of the wares sold openly from sperm banks such as California Cryobank and Cryos International . For a few hundred dollars a vial , women began creating families that could not have been imagined before ; families created from the beginning without a father . Even more radical was the invention , in 1978 , of in-vitro fertilization , or IVF , the now-common technique in which egg and sperm meet in a laboratory petri dish and create an embryo that is then implanted in the would-be mother 's womb . Once again , the earliest users of IVF were infertile heterosexual couples ; and once again , the technology soon slipped into wider social circles , enabling people to become parents in a whole range of previously unimaginable ways . There was always adoption , but that avenue was largely closed to gay couples . Now , using IVF and a surrogate carrier , a gay man could contract for the creation of a child both legally and socially his . Using IVF , a surrogate and donated eggs , a gay couple could mix and match their sperm with the desired characteristics of an egg donor , creating children with , say , the actual genes of one partner and the mimicked characteristics of the other . Today , anecdotal data suggest that gay men are among the largest users of surrogacy services . Cryobank reports that in 2009 , one-third of its clients were lesbian couples . Ten years ago , it was 7 % . Technology has enabled what biology could not , creating millions of children for parents desperate to conceive them . Most of these formerly infertile parents are straight ; but many , and a rapidly growing number , are gay . They are the families created on the back of technological advance , families whose legal status has not yet caught up with their lives . Technology always moves faster than the law . But in these cases , the products of technological advances are not faster vehicles or better widgets . They are children , hundreds of thousands of them , growing up in families no longer constrained by nature 's original dictate . It is kids who are shaping different norms of parenting and different kinds of care . And it is kids who deserve the same rights afforded their friends and classmates -- the right to grow up in a legally sanctioned family , regardless of who their parents are and how they came into being . To treat them otherwise would be truly inconceivable . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Debora Spar .	Debora Spar : Historically , families could not begin without a mother and father Spar : But technology and surrogacy accomplish what biology could n't Spar : Gay couples using surrogacy more and more ; lesbians using sperm banks All these kids born in nontraditional homes deserve parents to be married , she says
CNN  -- Dozens of 911 calls released Wednesday by the Carson City , Nevada , Sheriff 's Office capture the horror of a mass shooting at an IHOP restaurant . In one call , a woman sobs as she tries to give the location of the shooter who fatally shot four others before he killed himself in the parking lot . Others seemed to be left almost speechless by the trauma as they give descriptions and accounts . "  Hurry send ambulances , " one woman pleads . "  There are people dead . " A total of 11 people were shot Tuesday , Carson City Sheriff Ken Furlong said . They included five uniformed Army National Guard members and six civilians . Three Guard members , a civilian woman and suspect Eduardo Sencion , 32 , were killed . Authorities were investigating the motive Wednesday . Family members told authorities that Sencion had a history of mental problems dating back to age 16 , a law enforcement official said . Sencion was carrying an assault rifle and a pistol when he went into the IHOP Tuesday morning , Furlong said . Ralph Swagler , owner of the nearby Locals Barbecue , told 911 that the shooter , who wore a red shirt and black pants , was carrying automatic weapons . "  Now he is coming back outside with a gun , " Swagler said . "  He is shooting people in the parking lot ! " At that point , the businessman yells for his son to get out of the way . A burst of gunfire is then heard outside the IHOP . "  He is shooting at us now , " said Swagler , who declined to speak Wednesday with CNN about the incident . "  Automatic weapons . He is shooting at everybody . " A second assault rifle was found in Sencion 's vehicle , according to authorities . Only the assault rifle he carried was fired , the sheriff said . An IHOP customer talked with 911 operators as he looked inside the restaurant 's window after the rampage . "  Oh my God , we 've got  expletive  people down . " Sencion , who had no prior criminal history , continued firing in the restaurant 's parking lot after shooting the IHOP patrons . Four nearby businesses were hit by gunfire , Furlong said . Emergency operators remained poised during the barrage of 911 calls . "  We 've got help on the way , " they assured eyewitnesses . "  It was crazy , " said one witness calling from IHOP . "  It was like a nightmare . " Furlong said he was the second person to arrive on the scene Tuesday morning . He held a woman shot in the head . "  The scene was horrific . It 's something that I 've never experienced before , " the sheriff said . "  It looked like a bloodbath , wall-to-wall carnage . " Investigators are trying to determine whether Sencion obtained the AK-47 used in the shooting lawfully . The released calls include conversations between law enforcement personnel , who are told they need to be on the lookout for possible additional shooters . Sencion acted alone , authorities learned . In one call , an officer is asked if more assistance is needed . "  At this point we have the scene under control , " was the reply . CNN 's Thelma Gutierrez contributed to this report .	911 callers describe chaotic scene inside , outside Carson City IHOP Shooter was found dead of self-inflicted wound in parking lot Four others were killed , including three members of Nevada National Guard
London  CNN  -- Reports that a Scottish teenager took his own life after becoming the victim of an alleged Internet blackmail scam have heightened concerns in Britain over online abuse . Daniel Perry , from Dunfermline , was reportedly the victim of blackmailers who recorded his interactions via Skype with a person he believed was an American girl his own age . They then threatened to show his family the footage unless he paid up , UK media reports say . Instead , the 17-year-old jumped from a bridge last month . News of his death comes on the heels of outrage over the suicide of 14-year-old Hannah Smith , from Leicestershire in England . Her family said she took her own life after she was bullied on the social networking website ask.fm , having gone there to seek advice on the skin condition eczema . Her funeral was held Friday at St. Mary 's Church in her hometown of Lutterworth . The mourners were asked by Hannah 's father to wear brightly colored clothes , not black , the church 's vicar , the Rev. Charlie Styles , said in an online statement beforehand . Styles said the informal service would "  provide a focal point for the community in a time of shock and great sadness . " Daniel was also taunted and urged to kill himself by trolls on the Ask.fm website , The Daily Telegraph newspaper said . The Telegraph quoted Daniel 's mother , Nicola , on Friday as saying the people behind the video scam he fell prey to are "  clever and dangerous " and had manipulated the footage . "  He was n't doing anything wrong , just what anyone his age might do , but this scam is all about exploiting young people , " she said . Police in Scotland told CNN they are investigating the circumstances of a teenage boy 's death . They declined to identify him or give further details . A leading UK children 's protection charity , the NSPCC , urged children and young people to find out how to protect themselves online -- and to seek help if they found themselves targeted by bullies or blackmailers . "  It 's absolutely heart-rending that a young person could be deceived in such a way , with such a tragic outcome and our thoughts are with this young man 's family , " said Elaine Chalmers , area manager for the NSPCC 's helpline in Scotland . "  If you 've only seen a static picture of someone online , they may not be who they say they are . It 's important not to send people pictures of yourself or take part in video calls if you are n't sure who you are speaking to . "  If you have been deceived online , you need to remember that you are n't to blame and you are not the only person that this has happened to . " Beatbullying , an international bullying prevention charity , has called for a boycott of ask.fm . Some companies pulled their advertising in protest over Hannah 's death . Ask.fm said it was ready to work with the police in that case . "  We would like to reassure all users and parents of users that we are committed to ensuring that our site is a safe environment , " the site said . "  We do not condone bullying of any kind , or any form of unacceptable use of our site . " News stream blog : How to fight online bullies	NEW : Funeral held for Hannah Smith , 14 ; family says her suicide followed online bullying Daniel Perry took his own life after he fell victim to a Web blackmail scam , UK reports say "  Heart-rending that a young person could be deceived in such a way , " charity says Police in Scotland say they are investigating a teenage boy 's suicide
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A 1965 Volkswagen van stolen 35 years ago in Spokane , Washington , was found by customs agents in a shipping container in the Los Angeles port last month , a U.S. Customs and Border Protection official said . The blue van , in pristine condition , was bound for Germany along with several vintage Volkswagens , Customs and Border Protection Port Director Todd Hoffman said . The Arizona company that was shipping the van had no idea the vehicle was stolen from a Spokane auto shop in 1974 , Hoffman said . Customs and Border Protection agents routinely run vehicle identification numbers through the National Insurance Crime Bureau database for all vehicles being loaded on ships for export , he said . They recover stolen vehicles about once a week , but they usually are high-end late-model luxury cars , he said . While it was likely worth just a few hundred dollars when it was stolen , the VW is now valued at about $ 27,000 , he said . Allstate Insurance Company , which paid the original owner for the loss decades ago , now owns the van , according to Allstate spokeswoman Megan Brunet . The insurance company has not decided if it will sell the van at auction -- which is the routine -- or put it to other use because of it 's history , she said .	Van stolen in Spokane found in Los Angeles shipping container Customs checks VIN , finds van was stolen from an auto shop in 1974 Van now worth about $ 27,000 ; insurance company is owner
CNN Student News  -- June 5 , 2014 Our penultimate program of the 2013-2014 school year includes reports on a controversial prisoner exchange , the damage caused by baseball-size hail , and a poll on whether the American dream is still alive . And with a nod to Coleridge , we 'll look at one facility 's plans to turn water , water everywhere into many drops to drink . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What questions might you want to ask about the results of a poll discussed in a news program ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . propaganda 2 . "  the American Dream " 3 . desalination Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the video , who was released in exchange for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl ? What is the Taliban ? What does a new Taliban video show about the release of Bergdahl ? How has the Taliban characterized the prisoner exchange ? Who has been critical of the exchange ? How has the Obama administration responded to this criticism ? 2 . According to the report : When have prisoner exchanges been conducted in the past ? What were the circumstances behind some of these exchanges ? How is this latest prisoner exchange different ? 3 . How long has it been since the Great Recession ended ? According to the report : Is it still having an impact ? Explain . What is "  the American Dream " ? According to participants in a recent CNN Money poll : Is the American Dream attainable ? Who is the most pessimistic ? What do participants think about the likelihood that young Americans will be better off than their parents ? Why are some experts critical of the poll 's findings ? 4 . What percentage of the Earth is covered with water ? What is desalination ? What are the challenges to conducting desalination on a large scale ? Where is the largest desalination plant in the Western Hemisphere being constructed ? What is the approximate cost of this plant ? How many customers could benefit from this plant ? What is brine ? What happens to the brine that is removed from the water ? How do company officials at the Carlsbad plant say its energy use will differ from the amount of energy typically used at other plants ? What do critics say about this plant ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What might be some reasons for publicizing video of a prisoner release ? 2 . How would you define "  the American Dream " ? In your opinion , is the American Dream attainable ? State your rationale . What are your expectations for your financial future ? Why ? 3 . Has your community ever experienced drought conditions ? If so , how did they impact daily life ? How did the community deal with the water shortage ? If not , what does your community do to assure that there is an ample water supply ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Vilified by the international community for his government 's attitude on gay rights , Russian president Vladimir Putin has found himself an ally in Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone . Putin 's government , whose recently-introduced anti-gay legislation -- which prohibits spreading so-called "  gay " propaganda to minors -- has been a focal point of critics . Opponents argue that the law enacted last year is in contravention to the spirit of the Olympic Games , with the Winter version being hosted this month by the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi . But in an exclusive interview with CNN , Ecclestone says he "  completely agrees " with Putin 's policy towards homosexuals . "  He has n't said he does n't agree  with homosexuality  just that he does n't want these things publicized to an audience under the age of 18 , " said Ecclestone , arguing critics had misrepresented Putin . "  I completely agree with those sentiments and if you took a world census you 'd find 90 % of the world agree with it as well , " added the 83-year-old , who oversees one of the world 's most lucrative sports . The F1 ringmaster last met with Putin in February 2013 , when he flew to Sochi to assess construction progress ahead of Russia 's debut grand prix . The Black Sea resort town will stage round 16 of this year 's world championship on a circuit that will run around the Olympic Park 's facilities . Ecclestone believes Russia has done a "  first-class job " in the new circuit 's preparation and a "  super job " hosting the Olympics and that more credit should be given to Putin . "  I 've great admiration for him and his courage to say what he says , " said the octogenarian . "  It may upset a few people but that 's how the world is . It 's how he sees  the world  and I think he 's completely right , " Ecclestone added . The controversial billionaire is due to face trial in Germany , which is scheduled to start in April , accused of making corrupt payments to a banker who worked on the sale of F1 in 2006 . Ecclestone denies the charges , along with those brought against him in a civil case in London , where he was accused of undervaluing the sport of F1 in the same deal . Ecclestone was cleared in the latter case Thursday , despite being labeled as "  not reliable or truthful " by the judge -- who ruled that German company Constantin Medien 's claim for compensation was without merit . Justice Newey said Ecclestone had entered into a "  corrupt agreement " with banker Gerhard Gribkowsky in 2005 , but the magistrate said no loss to Constantin had been proved , the UK Press Association reported . Succession planning With Ecclestone 's legal problems casting doubt over his future in F1 , the media has been speculating about his possible successors -- with Red Bull team principal Christian Horner and Justin King , chief executive of British supermarket Sainsbury 's top of the list . Ecclestone said it was hard to assess whether they had the right skills needed for the job . "  I 've no idea what attributes you 'd need , " he told CNN . "  It 's like saying we 'd need someone to replace Frank Sinatra , you know ? You never know what they 'd need to have until they start the role . "  For someone to hold a high position in China or Japan you have to be older than I am -- at least the good thing about that is you 're not going to have them for that long ! " F1 revamp This season F1 will see wide-scale changes . As well as Russia making its debut on the race calendar , the cars will be powered by smaller , V6 hybrid engines that promise greater fuel efficiency . However , the move away from the loud V8s is a development that concerns Ecclestone , who is worried the sport may lose some of its drama through the subsequent noise reduction . "  I 'm not at all happy with the sound of the new engines , to be honest , " he said . "  It does n't sound like F1 , but that 's my opinion , let 's wait and see what the public think . " The system for awarding points to drivers has also been revamped . The victor in the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix will now win 50 points compared to the 25 points on offer for each of the other 18 races , and Ecclestone is keen to extend that change to the last three events . "  The reason is simple -- with the calendar as it is the championship could be over by September and if there 's another three races to go and a car that looks like it could win easy now --  the rival cars  if they win two or three races at the end , could win the championship  instead  , " said Ecclestone . "  Why should it devalue six races before the end ? People will be following like hell to see who 's there at the end of the races . Win the last three and you can win the championship , it 's a whole different scenario . "	Bernie Ecclestone backs Russian President Vladimir Putin on gay rights issue "  I 've great admiration for his courage to say what he says , " Formula One chief tells CNN "  90 % of the world agree with him as well , " says Ecclestone ahead of Russia 's F1 debut Ecclestone is cleared by London court Thursday in compensation case
CNN  -- Protests in Egypt have dominated international headlines of late , but signs of unrest are prevalent in several countries throughout the Middle East and Africa . Emboldened by an uprising in Tunisia , which saw the nation 's president of almost a quarter century flee to Saudi Arabia , protesters have staged similar demonstrations from Lebanon to Yemen to Algeria . Here are the latest developments across the region : Egypt Protesting lawyers toppled barricades at Cairo 's Abdeen Palace , and petroleum , railway and telecommunications employees called strikes to stand in solidarity with the protesters . Thursday marked Day 17 of the protests . Despite promises of reforms and constitutional amendments to allow for free elections , demonstrators were angered by President Hosni Mubarak 's refusal to immediately step down . Protests were further fanned when Egypt 's Vice President Omar Suleiman said Egypt is not ready for democracy . Last week : Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq apologized for the violent attacks on protesters as the military took position between pro- and anti-President Hosni Mubarak supporters . It did not stop the two sides from clashing . Shafiq and Vice President Omar Suleiman were meeting with opposition groups , including protesters in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , state media reported , but some administration opponents have rejected the invitation . Jordan King Abdullah II swore in a new government Wednesday , which included several opposition figures , members of several political parties , an independent Islamist and the editor of a newspaper that is sometimes critical of the government . Officials close to Abdullah say the king is hoping to turn the regional upheaval into a genuine opportunity for reform , but the nation 's Muslim Brotherhood has refused to join the government , saying the prime minister should be chosen by parliament , not the king . On Wednesday , Jordanians gathered in front of of the Egyptian Embassy to demand that their loved ones jailed abroad be returned home . An iReporter captured some of the protesters on camera as they accused countries such as Saudi Arabia , Iraq , Syria and the United States of holding their loved ones without due process . Last week : Abdullah responded to protests by dismissing his entire government . Jordanians , who rely heavily on international aid , have been hit hard by rising wheat and oil prices in recent months , as well as high youth unemployment . The government recently restored subsidies and improved pay for civil servants , and the king directed new Prime Minister Marouf al-Bakhit , an ex-intelligence chief , to tackle corruption , enact political reform , spur development and strengthen democracy . Though some groups have backed out of planned protests , the Islamic Action Front said it plans to continue street demonstrations Friday in protest of al-Bakhit 's appointment . Yemen There has been a lot of political jockeying since pro- and anti-government demonstrators took to the streets last week . Many Yemenis say they do not believe the situation there will get to the point it has reached in Egypt or Tunisia , but they also expressed concerns about unemployment and their future . On Monday , Prime Minister Ali Mujawar said his country is democratic and accused opposition parties of "  trying to duplicate what happened in Tunisia and Egypt , and act as if it should be imposed on the people here in Yemen . " Last week : President Ali Abdullah Saleh had said he would not seek re-election and would not pass power to his son , but it was n't enough for thousands of anti-government protesters who gathered near Sanaa University in the nation 's capital . They spoke out against poverty and demanded that Saleh , whose term ends in 2013 , step down . Saleh said he has requested his party to freeze debate on a constitutional amendment to end term limits until a consensus is reached . Syria A Facebook page dubbed "  Syrian Revolution 2011 " attracted 15,000 friends in a week , Time magazine reported . Like other regimes in the region , Syria faces political alienation , economic dislocation and corruption , but because it has been the subject of international sanctions , it is beholden to no Western powers . This separates Syria from places such as Egypt and Tunisia , analysts told the magazine . According to Human Rights Watch , security services have beaten and detained protesters . A candlelight vigil in old Damascus for the Egyptian protesters was broken up by people in civilian clothing , and police nearby failed to intervene . When one of the vigil 's organizers went to police , she was slapped and called a "  germ , " the watchdog group said . Last week : After seeing unrest in the region , President Bashar al-Assad said he would push for political reforms in his own country because waiting for protests like those in Egypt and Tunisia might make it "  too late to do any reform . " Reform activists used Facebook to call for demonstrations in Damascus , Aleppo and other cities , but it was unclear how many people would turn out . By all accounts a police state , Syria has been ruled by President Bashar al-Assad for more than 10 years . Before him , his father , Hafez al-Assad ruled the country for almost three decades . Tunisia A transitional government is overseeing sweeping changes after massive demonstrations forced out the country 's longtime president . Internet filters have disappeared and there is unfettered access to websites . Journalists are learning how to create a free press and are transforming their newspapers , radio broadcasts and television stations . Reforms are taking place in every region of the country , and people are expressing their opinions openly in the streets , something that did n't happen under President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali . Still , small incidents disrupt daily activity . The incidents are widely believed to be perpetrated by people who once worked for Ben Ali 's secret police and are aiming to destabilize the transitional government . Last week : The north African nation charged Ben Ali , as well as his wife and several relatives , with maintaining and exporting foreign currency illegally , carrying weapons and ammunition without licenses and inciting armed violence among Tunisians . The ex-leader fled to Saudi Arabia last month after mass protests that left more than 100 people dead . Protests there began when demonstrators -- credited with starting the ripple effect of protests across North Africa and the Middle East -- lashed out at poor living conditions , high unemployment , government corruption and repression . Sudan Final results of last month 's referendum show that the southern Sudanese voted almost 99 to 1 to split from the north , leading to what will be the world 's newest nation in July . An election official said the vote was peaceful and transparent and "  not a single person showed up to appeal the results . " Despite the vote 's smoothness , violence erupted on the north-south border when Sudanese soldiers loyal to Gabriel Tang , a southern Sudanese militia leader who fought in a 22-year-old civil war alongside the Khartoum government , refused to turn in their weapons . Fifty people were killed in fighting . Last week : Already faced with the expected secession of its oil-rich south and charges of genocide against President Omar al-Bashir , Sudan 's government began seeing signs of unrest . Police clashed with students in the capital Khartoum on Sunday as the protesters chanted , "  Tunisia , Egypt , Sudan together as one . " About 100 students hurled rocks at police officers , who pushed them back . The human rights group Amnesty International said more than 20 people still being held by police "  are at risk of torture or other ill-treatment . " Lebanon Observers say that if the country does n't find a suitable end to its political turmoil , it could become a battleground between Iran and Syria on one side and pro-Western forces on the other . Attempts to form a new government have been complicated by a U.N. tribunal probing the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . The tribunal is expected to implicate members of Hezbollah in the killing , which led the group to drop out of the government last month . Hezbollah 's leader , Hassan Nasrallah , this week said Arab regimes have been confronted by popular protest because of their alliances with the United States and Israel . Last week : Protests erupted in January as President Michel Suleiman appointed Najib Mikati , a Hezbollah-backed politician , as prime minister . Supporters of former Prime Minister Saad Hariri saw the move as a power grab by the Shiite movement that enjoys Iranian support and is designated a terrorist group by the U.S. State Department . Hariri initially urged supporters to stage a "  day of rage " and show restraint in protesting the appointment , but the demonstrations quickly grew ugly as gunshots were fired and his supporters burned tires and garbage containers in various cities . Algeria In addition to a promise to lift a state of emergency , the government also cut taxes on sugar and cooking oil and increased the supply of wheat , Time magazine reports . The moves come after weeks of protests . The Algerian Press Service has reported that the government is also taking measures to bolster youth employment . Saad Djebbar , a London-based Algerian lawyer and political analyst , said he is skeptical . "  They want to produce some sort of trick that would show that reform is under way , like what Mubarak is doing in Egypt , who appears to be using all of the tricks in the book to avoid being removed , " he said . Last week : Responding to unrest in the region , President Abdelaziz Bouteflika said he would lift the state of emergency in effect for nearly 20 years , according to the Algerian Press Service . Last month , the country 's largest opposition party called for demonstrations demanding the release of detainees and the restoration of individual and collective freedoms . Opponents blame the government for a spike in food prices and say the regime has failed to use Algeria 's vast energy wealth to better the lives of ordinary people . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Steve Kastenbaum , Mohammed Jamjoom , Rima Maktabi , Josh Levs , Nic Robertson and Nada Husseini contributed to this report .	Jordan 's king swears in a new government , including opposition members , newspaper editor Analyst says Syria could be immune to protests because it is a pariah state In Lebanon , Hezbollah 's leader says Arab unrest stems from ties to U.S. , Israel Protests prompt Algerian government to tackle food taxes , youth unemployment
CNN  -- The United States ' top male tennis player John Isner will miss the Australian Open with a knee injury . Isner crashed out in the second round of the Sydney International warm-up event -- where he was top seed -- to fellow American Ryan Harrison and complained of a recurrence of the injury which kept him out the recent Hopman Cup tournament in Perth . "  I am extremely disappointed to announce that I have to withdraw from the Australian Open , " Isner , who had been seeded 13th for the year 's first grand slam , told the ATP Tour 's official website on Thursday . "  I have been feeling some discomfort in my knee and have recently learned that I have a bone bruise . "  My doctors have told me that continuing to play on the knee could result in a more serious injury , so I have regrettably decided not to compete in Melbourne and use the time to fully recover . " Isner , a winner of five titles since turning pro in 2007 , has never advanced beyond the fourth round of the Melbourne grand slam . He will be replaced in the draw by a lucky loser from one of the qualifying competitions . The 27-year-old 's best performance in one of tennis ' four marquee tournaments came in 2010 when he reached the quarterfinals of the U.S. Open . Harrison chalked up his first ever win over an opponent ranked inside the world 's top 15 with his 6-4 6-4 success against Isner on Wednesday , but he lost his quarterfinal match 6-4 6-2 to Frenchman Julien Benneteau . Benneteau , the 2012 Sydney runner-up , will now be seeded at the Australian Open following Isner 's withdrawal . He will play big-serving Kevin Anderson in the Sydney semifinals after the 36th-ranked South African beat Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin 6-4 6-3 . World No. 35 Benneteau holds a 2-0 winning career record over Anderson and he is confident of extending that in their last four contest . "  He 's playing good , " said the 31-year-old . "  He 's a dangerous player with a very big serve but I know I can beat him . " Australia 's Bernard Tomic also reached the last four , with the 20-year-old beating veteran Finn Jarkko Nieminen 6-7  6-8  6-4 6-2 . He will face either Italian third seed Andreas Seppi or Spanish No. 8 Marcel Granollers .	U.S. No. 1 John Isner will miss the Australian Open due to a bruised bone in knee World No. 13 complained of the injury after his loss to Ryan Harrison in Sydney Compatriot Harrison beaten in quarterfinals by Julien Benneteau on Thursday World No. 35 Benneteau will now be seeded for Melbourne grand slam in Isner 's absence
London  CNN  -- Rupert Murdoch admitted Thursday there had been a "  cover-up " of phone hacking at his flagship British tabloid newspaper and apologized for not paying more attention to a scandal that has convulsed his media empire and rocked the British political establishment . And he said that he had shut down the best-selling News of the World out of "  panic " in the face of public fury about the revelation that a murdered teenage girl had been a victim of phone hacking . Murdoch , who owns the Sun and the Times in London , as well as controlling the Wall Street Journal , New York Post and Fox News , said his News Corp. had been a victim of the cover-up , not the perpetrator . "  Someone took charge of a cover-up , which we were victim to and I regret , " he said at the Leveson Inquiry , an independent British probe prompted by charges of illegal eavesdropping by his newspaper . He blamed "  one or two very strong individuals " at the paper , but did not name them . "  I also have to say that I failed , " he said of the fact that he did not pay enough attention to the problem of phone hacking . He then paused a long time before finally continuing : "  And I am very sorry for it . " If he had known the depth of the problem in 2007 , when a private investigator and a Murdoch journalist were sent to prison for phone hacking , he "  would have torn the place apart and we would n't be here today . But that 's hindsight , " he said . The hacking scandal has led to dozens of arrests , two parliamentary investigations and the Leveson Inquiry , a judge-led independent probe set up by the British government . Murdoch suggested key parts of the scandal have been overblown . "  The hacking scandal was not a great national thing until the Milly Dowler disclosure , half of which has been somewhat disowned by the police , " Murdoch said . He was referring to the revelation that people working for him had hacked into the voice mail of a missing 13-year-old who later turned out to have been murdered . The Guardian newspaper originally reported that the hackers had also deleted some of her voice mails , leading to false hopes that she was still alive and deleting them herself . In fact , the messages may have expired automatically . Murdoch Thursday described the atmosphere when news of the Milly Dowler hacking became public in July 2011 . "  You could feel the blast coming in the window . I can say it succinctly . I panicked . And I am sorry I did , " he said of his decision to close the tabloid . He later said he should have closed it years earlier . "  This whole business is a serious blot on my reputation , " he said . Murdoch was also grilled over his media empire 's back-channel lobbying of the British government , and said he learned of the existence of one of the key lobbyists only "  a few months ago . " Murdoch said he was "  surprised " at the extent of the contact by the employee , Fred Michel , with the British government as it considered a bid by News Corp. to take full ownership of British Sky Broadcasting . That bid that collapsed because of the phone-hacking scandal . "  You call it lobbying , I call it seeking of information , " Murdoch told the Leveson Inquiry . "  I did n't see anything wrong with his activities . I was I surprised that it had gone on so long , that there were so many e-mails , yes . " A government aide quit Wednesday over the revelation of the extent of the contacts , and there have been calls for the resignation of Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt , who is named in the correspondence . Murdoch spent hours Wednesday downplaying his political influence , even as British Prime Minister David Cameron said politicians had been too close to Murdoch over the years and the government aide , Adam Smith , resigned over communications between the culture ministry and News Corp. . Murdoch insisted Wednesday that he had "  never asked a prime minister for anything " as he chronicled his personal relationships with prime ministers going back to Margaret Thatcher in the early 1980s . The media baron also denied using the power of his press for personal gain . At the same time , Cameron was saying politicians from across the political spectrum had been too close to Murdoch . "  I think we all , on both sides of this house , did a bit too much cozying up to Mr. Murdoch , " he told the House of Commons as his government was battered over testimony Murdoch 's son had given to the Leveson Inquiry the day before . James Murdoch testified Tuesday that before Cameron became prime minister , he had met the politician over drinks at a pub and told him the company 's Sun newspaper would support his Conservative party in the next election . The younger Murdoch insisted that he knew little about the scale of phone hacking by people working for the News of the World , as he continued his fight to limit the damage the scandal does to him and his family 's media empire . The scandal has forced News Corp. to pay hundreds of thousands of pounds in compensation to the victims of phone hacking . James and Rupert Murdoch have been hammered over the past year about what they knew about phone hacking by people working for them . They have always denied knowing about the scale of the practice , which police say could have affected thousands of people , ranging from celebrities and politicians to crime victims and war veterans . CNN 's Dan Rivers , Erin McLaughlin , Elaine Ly and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : Murdoch says he would have torn News of the World apart if he knew more in 2007 The media baron says he closed the tabloid out of "  panic " He denies responsibility for the cover-up of phone hacking Murdoch says the scandal has been "  a serious blot " on his reputation
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China on Friday denied accusations by Japan that a Chinese navy vessel had put a radar-lock on a Japanese warship near a group of disputed islands at the heart of a bitter feud between the two Asian nations . The Chinese Ministry of National Defense said in a statement , its first official response to the claims , that Japanese officials had given out "  false information " and "  hyped up " the threat from China . Opinion : Is Asia sleepwalking into war ? The Japanese allegations this week have put a fresh strain on relations between Tokyo and Beijing , which remain at loggerheads over who has sovereignty over the remote , rocky islands in the East China Sea . The tensions have resulted in maritime standoffs and the scrambling of fighter jets in recent months . Japan currently administers the islands , but China has been regularly sending its own vessels on patrols in the surrounding waters . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Wednesday described as "  dangerous " and "  regrettable " the actions of the Chinese frigate that Tokyo says used radar to gather information on the location of a Japanese destroyer in the East China Sea last week . That type of radar could be used to produce data needed to fire upon the Japanese vessel . Read more : How a remote rock split China and Japan But the Chinese defense ministry said Friday that its navy vessel 's radar maintained "  normal operations " and that it did n't use the fire-control radar . It also denied accusations that its navy put a radar-lock on a Japanese helicopter earlier in January , saying that Tokyo 's claims did n't match the facts . "  Japan unilaterally released false information to the public without confirming the facts with China , " the ministry said . Tokyo unimpressed But the Japanese government stuck by its account and expressed dissatisfaction with the Chinese statement on Friday . "  Japan can not accept the Chinese explanation and urged a sincere response from China on the matter , " Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida said . The Japanese foreign ministry summoned the Chinese ambassador to Tokyo over Beijing 's denial of the radar incident . The United States expressed concern earlier this week about the alleged radar-locking on the Japanese ship . Interactive : Asia 's disputed islands -- who claims what ? "  Actions such as this escalate tensions and increase the risk of an incident or a miscalculation , and they could undermine peace , stability and economic growth in this vital region , " Victoria Nuland , the spokeswoman for the State Department , said Tuesday . The United States has tried to avoid getting dragged into the island dispute , saying it does n't take sides on such competing claims of sovereignty . But U.S. officials have admitted that the islands fall under a mutual security treaty between Washington and Tokyo . The Japanese call the disputed islands Senkaku , and China refers to them as Diaoyu . Near them are important shipping lanes , rich fishing grounds and possible mineral deposits . Competing claims Disagreement over who owns the small , uninhabited islands has soured diplomatic and economic relations between Japan and China since September , when Japan announced it had bought several of the islands from private Japanese owners . China was outraged , as were protesters who marched through several Chinese cities calling for boycotts of Japanese products and asserting Beijing 's sovereignty over the islands . Some of the protests turned violent , and damage to Japanese offices and businesses was reported . In December , the dispute escalated when Japan scrambled fighter jets after a Chinese plane was seen near the islands . Chinese ships have repeatedly entered contested waters despite warnings from the Japanese Coast Guard . China says its claim extends back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . Tensions with Russia Japan was given an abrupt reminder of a separate territorial dispute on Wednesday when its defense ministry said two Russian fighter jets entered Japanese airspace near the tip of the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido . The Russian jets left Japanese airspace without incident after a little more than a minute , the ministry said . The incident occurred near a set of islands disputed by Tokyo and Moscow since the end of World War II . Russian officials denied their jets entered Japanese airspace , the Russian news agency Interfax reported . CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo . CNN 's Dayu Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	The Chinese defense ministry says Japanese accusations do n't match the facts It denies a Chinese frigate put a radar-lock on a Japanese destroyer Japan expresses dissatisfaction over the Chinese statement The alleged incident occurred near a group of disputed islands
CNN  -- Get your brain ready for a game show that requires no knowledge of trivia or prices -- just curiosity . National Geographic Channel is premiering Monday night a new series called "  Brain Games , " a fun , smart show that , in a nontraditional way , teaches you how your mind works . "  My hope is that people come out of it in awe of themselves , " said host Jason Silva , formerly a presenter on Current TV . Each episode zooms in on a different aspect of how our brains work , in areas such as focus , fear , motion and persuasion . During each half-hour program , viewers engage in several games that show how our brains might not be operating the way we expect . Experts in various fields of cognition join in to explain what 's going on . Through perceptual experiments , interactive games and illusions , the show is able to , in a sense , "  hack your brain , " Silva said . You might think that everything you see is like high-definition TV , that you perceive the world around you in perfect detail . But the truth is that the attentional spotlight of your brain is only about the size of your thumbnail ; about 1/1000th of your field of view . As Silva says on the show : It 's as if your attention is a spotlight , and you can only shine it on one thing at a time . This is your brain on music Your brain fills in the rest on its own , in order to save energy , so everything around you does n't immediately jump out and demand focus . Perhaps you have noticed , for instance , that while commuting to work you are thinking about all sorts of things that do n't involve being in the car , train or bus that you ride every day . Your brain has already stored a model of your environment , so you might not notice something unusual right next to you . That 's called inattentional blindness . "  The brain creates these mental models of the world so that you can function , but the consequence is that it makes you less present , so we do n't notice what 's around us on a regular basis , " Silva said . "  We 're blind to what surrounds us . " Apollo Robbins , a performer and expert in deception , takes advantage of that fact when playing card tricks and engaging in other trickery on the show . You might think of this as "  misdirection , " but Robbins says in a video on the show 's website that he likes to think of it as "  managing attention . " In one episode , he gets many volunteers to look through a deck of cards for the card they started with . Actually , the card is on Robbins ' head , but they 're so focused on the task that they do n't immediately notice . "  Even backstage , he 's able to weave my attention in any direction that he wants , " Silva said . Top brain scientist is ` philosopher at heart ' Another game makes use of the relatively poor peripheral vision that we all have . There 's a giant X in the middle of the screen and two cheerleaders on either side of it . If you keep your eyes focused on the X , can you tell which one of the cheerleaders is actually a man wearing a skirt and a wig ? It 's a lot harder than you might think . The show is particularly relevant now , given recent movements toward advancing brain science , Silva said . Earlier this month , President Barack Obama announced a $ 100 million initiative called Brain Research Through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies , or BRAIN . It "  aims to help researchers find new ways to treat , cure and even prevent brain disorders , such as Alzheimer 's disease , epilepsy and traumatic brain injury , " the White House said in a release . Another major brain research initiative is called the Human Brain Project , based in Europe . Scientists at the Human Brain Project are using supercomputers to simulate the way the brain works in order to understand it better . Henry Markram at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland is leading this effort . In January , the European Commission awarded this international effort about $ 1 billion  $ 1.3 billion  . The show 's executive producer , Jerry Kolber , said he wanted to make a game show where the viewer would also be contestants . He wanted it to be a "  science show without the 's - word . ' " Of course , the "  s-word " is "  science . " Kolber said he was personally amazed by the episode on fear , in which the show explores how the stress we feel in modern life about things like an overflowing e-mail inbox are derivative of fear . The fear response is something that evolved in humans , and dates back to when our primitive ancestors had to be on high alert in case of animal attacks . "  Our brain wants us to feel stress in situations that are uncomfortable , " Kolber said . "  That 's its way of putting you on alert . " What 's different now , of course , is that in modern life , the stress response is being triggered dozens of times a day , which is n't healthy , he said . "  Brain Games " premieres at 9 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. ET/PT Monday on the National Geographic Channel . You can learn more about "  Brain Games , " play games and watch additional videos on the show 's website .	"  Brain Games " incorporates optical illusions and perceptual tricks Your peripheral vision is probably weaker than you think Card tricks can take advantage of your small attentional spotlight
CNN  In July of 2013 , the oldest of Jesus relics stories rose again when Turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus ' cross . "  We have found a holy thing in a chest . It is a piece of a cross , " said excavation team leader Gülgün Köroğlu , an art historian and archaeologist . At the time , she thought the chest served as a symbolic coffin for a holy person 's relics -- ones connected to Jesus ' crucifixion . And then , silence . The latest relic of the cross on which Jesus had died stalled out because , as Köroğlu later said , the box that had contained allegedly holy objects was now -- mysteriously -- empty . The latest episode of the "  true cross , " a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people , is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics . To say something smacks of the "  true cross " can mean it 's a matter of divine certainty or of utter fraud . Could fragments of the true cross of Jesus really be among us today ? Could fragments of a tree survive millennia ? Or are they fragments of forgery that speak to our need to believe ? The true cross phenomenon begins with Emperor Constantine , the first Roman emperor to convert to Christianity . He sent his mother Saint Helena  c. 246-330 CE  to find Jesus objects in the Holy Land . When Helena traveled to Jerusalem in 326 CE the city was still suffering the destruction caused by the last Jewish War in 132-35 CE . After defeating Israel , Roman Emperor Hadrian built a pagan temple over Jesus 's tomb near Calvary -- a grave insult to the new religion . Helena ordered this pagan temple torn down and began to dig beneath it to find relics related to Jesus . Her workers found three different crosses -- a discovery directly relating to the Gospels , which tell us that Jesus was crucified along with two criminals . The historian Rufinus  c. 340-410  reveals that in order to discern which cross was Jesus ' , Helena had a dying local woman brought to the site . The ill woman touched two of the crosses , but nothing happened . Then she touched the third -- and she recovered . The true cross of Jesus had been revealed . Helena carved it up , leaving some of it in Jerusalem and transporting a chunk to Europe where it seemingly multiplied , so much so that Protestant reformer John Calvin said : " ... if all the pieces that could be found were collected together , they would make a big ship-load . Yet the Gospel testifies that a single man was able to carry it . " But was Calvin exaggerating to support his own reforms to Catholicism ? How could we ever know what the true cross was made of , or looked like , since neither the Gospels -- nor the Romans -- bothered to tell us ? Enter science . In 1870 , French architect Charles Rohault de Fleury catalogued all known fragments of the true cross . He determined the Jesus cross weighed 165 pounds , was three or four meters high , with a cross beam two meters wide . If all these bits of the cross were cobbled together , he reckoned , they would n't amount to a third of the cross on which Jesus died . And based on the fragments he was allowed to examine by microscope , de Fleury concluded the true cross was made of pine wood . Later , four cross particles were also microscopically examined -- part of ten pieces of the true cross , accompanied by documentary proofs from Byzantine emperors . These fragments came from grand European churches : Santa Croce in Rome , Notre Dame in Paris , and the Cathedrals of Pisa and Florence . But scientists discovered that they were all made of olive wood . So now the question became : Was the cross of Jesus made of olive wood or pine ? One of the perplexing realities for archaeologists is a lack of residual wood from the massive record of Roman crucifixion . Despite the fact the Romans killed tens of thousands of people through crucifixion -- and as many as 500 a day during the siege of Jerusalem from 66-70 CE -- the only piece of evidence connected to this terrible punishment was discovered in 1968 , when archaeologists found the heel bone of a crucified man with the nail still intact . In the Israel Museum in Jerusalem , Israel Hershkovitz , who teaches anatomy and archaeology at Tel Aviv University , said that the heel bone of the crucified man was found in a Jewish burial tomb in a northern suburb of Jerusalem , near Golgotha -- the hill where the Romans crucified people . The man , whose ossuary , or burial box , identified him as Yehohanan , was in his mid 20s when he died on the cross . His good teeth and lack of heavy musculature meant that he most likely came from a wealthy family , for most crucifixion victims were far too humble to wind up in tombs -- save for Jesus , who was put in one by the wealthy Joseph of Arimathea . Others buried in the same tomb as Yehohanan had connections to the Temple , so it 's possible that he was killed by the Romans for some political transgression . Yehohanan was cut down from the cross with a 4.5-inch nail still in his right heel bone , and with part of a board still attached to the head of the nail . Hershkovitz believes that the relative shortness of the length of the nail reveals much about Roman crucifixion methods . "  The nail was too short  to go through  two heel bones , so sure enough each foot was hammered separately to the cross . " Hershkovitz is convinced that crosses were not made from olive trees because the people depended on the olive tree for food and would n't be slashing them down to make crosses . More importantly , for the purpose at hand , they would n't be suitable because of the structure of the tree itself . Olive trees do n't grow tall and straight , it branches everywhere , and there are a lot of holes in the wood , making it difficult to support the nails against the weight of the victim . "  The olive tree is the least appropriate tree . We have different type of local oaks that better serve the purpose . " Today there are even more "  true cross " fragments on display around the world : on Mount Athos , in Rome , in Brussels , in Venice , in Ghent , in Paris , in Spain , in Serbia -- and even in Boalsburg , Pennsylvania , where a fragment of the true cross came along as part of the family chapel imported there and rebuilt by Theodore Boal for his French bride . If you want your own sliver of the cross on which Jesus died , eBay offers several choices -- with some having original wax seals preserving "  integrity " and some having documents attesting to their authenticity . Mark Goodacre , a professor at Duke University 's Department of Religion , says that this continued emphasis on the genuineness of true cross fragments is often at the expense of the cross 's meaning . "  The thing about the cross is you 've always got to remember that it 's about the person who hung there , the wood itself in the end is just the instrument of torture . " Michael McKinley is co-author , with David Gibson , of "  Finding Jesus : Faith . Fact . Forgery. : Six Holy Objects That Tell the Remarkable Story of the Gospels . "	The true cross phenomenon begins with Emperor Constantine , the first Roman emperor to convert to Christianity . Could fragments of a tree survive millennia ? Or are they fragments of forgery that speak to our need to believe ?
CNN  -- A tour bus transporting Willie Nelson 's band spun out of control in a storm and crashed into a Texas bridge pillar before dawn Saturday , injuring three of five band members , according to police and the band . Willie Nelson was n't on the bus , the musician 's website said . The three band members were hospitalized , and Willie Nelson and Family postponed the tour 's four remaining dates in November and will resume the tour as scheduled in December , the website said . "  No one suffered serious injuries . Paul English injured his ankle , Billy English suffered a bruised hip and crew member Tom Hawkins has a cracked rib . The other family members on the bus are sore but everyone is expected to recover fully , " Nelson 's website said . Authorities had earlier reported that English broke his hip . The crash occurred on Interstate 30 outside Sulphur Springs , and the bus driver was trying to negotiate heavy rains and winds , said Texas Department of Public Safety spokeswoman Sylvia Jennings . The crash occurred 80 miles east of Dallas . Nelson 's website said the band believes the accident occurred "  due to icy conditions on the road . " The bus was swept off the road and crashed into a bridge pillar , Jennings said . The bus was carrying five band members and the driver . Willie Nelson and Family was scheduled to perform in Robinsonville , Mississippi , on Saturday , and in Jackson , Mississippi , on Sunday , the band 's website said . Jason Aldean 's tour bus hits , kills man	NEW : One band member has ankle injury , another a bruised hip , a third a cracked rib NEW : Band postpones remaining November dates and will resume tour next month NEW : Band blames "  icy conditions on the road " for the accident 80 miles east of Dallas Willie Nelson was n't on tour bus when it crashes into a Texas bridge pillar
American warplanes pounded extremist Sunni fighters in northern Iraq on Saturday in what officials described as an effort to defend minority Yazidis "  being indiscriminately attacked , " strikes that came just as President Barack Obama warned of an extended air campaign against the terror group . The series of airstrikes began with a mix of fighter jets and drones that targeted militants firing on Yazidis near the town of Sinjar , where fighters with the Islamic State , formerly known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , forced tens of thousands into hiding on nearby Sinjar Mountain . The airstrikes were the first in the Sinjar area since Obama authorized targeted attacks to protect Americans and Iraqi minorities from an ISIS advance threatening the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil . News of the latest round of airstrikes came as Obama declined to provide a timetable for U.S. airstrikes and humanitarian aid drops in Iraq . "  I do n't think we 're going to solve this problem in weeks , " the President told reporters in televised remarks , while at the same time reiterating a vow that no U.S. combat troops will join the fight . Given that Iraqi security forces still need time to ramp up and Iraqi politicians need space to form to form a more inclusive government to whittle Sunni support for ISIS , "  this is going to be a long-term project , " Obama said from the White House South Lawn . The airstrikes on Saturday began at about 11:20 a.m. ET , with the targeting of two ISIS armored personnel carriers  APCs  firing on Yazidis , according to a statement released by the U.S. Central Command . Another two rounds of airstrikes were carried out about 20 minutes later after more ISIS vehicles , primarily APCs , moved into the area , the statement said . A fourth round of airstrikes was carried out more than three hours later when U.S. aircraft struck another ISIS armored vehicle , it said . At the same time , health and civil defense officials said U.S. warplanes targeted ISIS fighters near the town of Makhmur , where the group has been launching attacks on the outskirts of Irbil . The Pentagon declined to comment on the claims by Iraqi health and civil defense officials in Mosul , who told CNN the airstrikes killed at least 16 of the fighters . ` Running out of time ' Meanwhile , the UK and France has said it will join the United States in humanitarian airdrops for hundreds of thousands of Iraqis on the run ahead of a brutal ISIS advance . On Saturday , the United States carried out another round of airdrops . Three cargo aircraft -- supported by U.S. fighter jets -- dropped 3,804 gallons of fresh drinking water and 16,128 ready-to-eat meals , the military said . But a United Nations official said airstrikes and humanitarian airdrops are n't enough for the estimated 40,000 minority Yazidis , who are trapped on Mount Sinjar and hiding from ISIS fighters who have said they will kill the group . Only about 100 to 150 people a day have been able to be airlifted by Iraqi security forces off the mountain , said Marizio Babille of UNICEF . "  We are running out of time for thousands who can obviously not be reached by these airdrops , " he said , adding that UNICEF is appealing for the international support to open and secure "  a humanitarian corridor over land . " Dozens , including 60 children , according to UNICEF have died on the mountain where the Yazidis are battling extreme temperatures and a lack of food and water . American planes also have twice dropped food and other supplies to thousands of Yazidis , members of a minority group that fled to a northern Iraqi mountain after ISIS militants overran their town , Obama said Saturday . U.S. aircraft are poised to strike ISIS militants who have surrounded the mountain , Obama said . Any such strikes would support Kurdish forces ' efforts to free the Yazidis , he said . The airstrikes have ramped up America 's involvement in Iraq where ISIS is seizing control of towns and key infrastructure even as it celebrates its own slaughter along the way . The United States has hundreds of military personnel in Iraq , including advisers sent in recent weeks to coordinate with Iraqi and Kurdish military officials in response to the ISIS rampage . The USS George H.W. Bush and other Navy ships also are in the region . Obama indicated Saturday the United States ' interests in targeting ISIS went well beyond protecting U.S. personnel and Iraqi minorities . "  My team has been vigilant ... about foreign fighters and jihadists gathering in Syria and now Iraq , who might potentially launch attacks outside of the region against Western targets and U.S. targets , " he said . "  So there 's going to be a counterterrorism element that we are already preparing for and have been working diligently on for a long time now . " Obama : Iraq 's ethnic groups need to unite Asked Saturday if Obama felt ISIS had been underestimated , the President said the advance of the Sunni Islamic extremists has been "  more rapid " than intelligence officials and policymakers , both inside and outside Iraq , had predicted . But he said ISIS ' advance was made possible in part by the lack of an inclusive and functioning Iraqi government . The government forces , "  when they  were  far away from Baghdad , did not have the incentive or the capacity to hold ground against an aggressive adversary , " Obama said . To secure their country , Iraqis will need to build an inclusive government , Obama said , in an apparent dig at Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government . Iraq 's Sunni minority have bitterly complained of being marginalized and cut out of the political process by al-Maliki 's government . The height of that marginalization coincided with months of deadly sectarian fighting throughout the country , and preceded ISIS ' rout of Iraqi security forces in Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , earlier this year . Michael Rubin , a Middle East analyst with the conservative American Enterprise Institute , cautioned Saturday that even if al-Maliki 's government would have been more inclusive , ISIS still would have been a problem . "  No matter how magnanimous Maliki could have been in an ideal world , it would have meant nothing to ISIS , many of whose members are n't even Iraqi . Sometimes there 's no magic diplomatic formula , " Rubin , a Pentagon official under former President George W. Bush , told CNN . One unanswered question , according to James Jeffrey , the U.S. ambassador to Iraq from 2010 to 2012 , is what the United States would do if the Iraqi government and moderate elements ca n't muster the political and military capability to take on ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Map : Where is ISIS ? Militants using U.S.-made weapons Even as the airstrikes were under way , there was news that ISIS militants captured Iraq 's largest hydroelectric dam , just north of Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city . According to a senior Kurdish official , the militant fighters have been using U.S.-made weapons seized during fighting from the Iraqi army , including M1 Abrams tanks . There had been conflicting reports about who controlled the dam on the Tigris River , with heavy fighting under way between ISIS fighters and Kurdish forces , known as Peshmerga . U.S. officials have warned that a failure of the dam would be catastrophic , resulting in flooding all the way to Baghdad . In other fighting , an Iraqi airstrike killed 45 ISIS fighters and injured 60 Friday in the northern town of Sinjar , the country 's state-run National Media Center said . ISIS militants have executed people who do n't share their fanatical interpretation of Sunni Islam . The group posts videos of its savagery to the Internet . One shows a Christian man forced to his knees , surrounded by masked militants , identified in the video as members of ISIS . They force the man at gunpoint to "  convert " to Islam . Then , the group beheads him . Another shows ISIS militants placing severed heads on spikes to strike terror in the population .	U.S. cargo planes carrying out another airdrop of water and food , the military says A series of airstrikes targets ISIS fighters attacking Yazidis , officials say The airstrikes are the first in the Sinjar area since ISIS forced thousands to flee No timetable for U.S. airstrikes in Iraq , Obama says
CNN  -- The news broke on the eve of Grammy Awards , the music industry 's biggest night : The woman with the pitch-perfect voice who once reigned as the queen of pop at the awards show had died . Whitney Houston was found dead Saturday by her bodyguard on the fourth floor of an upscale Beverly Hills hotel where only hours later she was to attend a pre-Grammy bash hosted by her longtime mentor , Clive Davis . Her death , at age 48 , was the final chapter of a storied career that began with the nurturing by superstar cousin Dionne Warwick , soared in the 1980s and 1990s with one record-setting achievement after another , stalled as her drug use and marriage to Bobby Brown made for tabloid fodder and was on the rebound with a highly anticipated star turn . "  You 're going to remember where you were when you heard the news . It 's that significant . She was undoubtedly one of the greatest superstars of all time , " music producer Simon Cowell said . "  One of the greatest voices in our lifetime we 're likely ever to hear . And to hear this news , it really , really , really upset me . " Houston 's voice , once described by The New York Times as "  peerless , " influenced and inspired a new generation of singers , from Mariah Carey to Christina Aguilera , and garnered a legion of fans . "  Her notes soared to places most singers dream of reaching , " Aguilera said . Houston seemed destined for stardom almost from the very beginning . Born on August 9 , 1963 , in Newark , New Jersey , to gospel great Cissy Houston , cousin to both Dionne and Dee Dee Warwick and goddaughter to Aretha Franklin , Houston 's upbringing was the embodiment of musical greatness . Grief flows at hotel where Houston died She honed her vocal skills from a young age , singing in the church choir and taking the stage occasionally with her mother . As a teenager , she sang backup for Chaka Khan on "  I 'm Every Woman , " a song Houston would re-record in 1992 and that would go on to become one of her biggest hits . As the story goes , Clive Davis spotted Houston in 1983 in a New York nightclub performing and signed her on the spot . Houston released her debut album , "  Whitney Houston , " in February 1985 to wide acclaim . Rolling Stone magazine called her "  one of the most exciting new voices in years . " With the release of the album , her commanding voice combined with a natural beauty and a clean-cut image made her an instant star . Fans : Whitney Houston 's music spanned an era A generation danced their way through the 1980s to a string of her hits , including the poppy "  How Will I Know , " "  Saving All My Love For You , " "  I Wan na Dance With Somebody " and "  The Greatest Love Of All . " But it was in the 1990s that she shot into the superstar stratosphere with two songs that showcased her stunning octave range and her maturity . On January 27 , 1991 , while the United States was at war in the Persian Gulf , Houston performed "  The Star Spangled Banner " at Super Bowl XXV to a record 79 million viewers . During a time when the country seemed divided by the war , her searing , heartfelt performance seemed to unite a nation at least for a few minutes . Her rendition -- the gold standard by which all performances of the national anthem are judged -- was released as a single and reached the Top 20 on the U.S. Hot 100 Billboard . Houston 's version was re-released in 2001 following the September 11 terrorist attacks , and proceeds from the sales were donated to charity . That was followed up by her cover of Dolly Parton 's "  I Will Always Love You " recorded for the movie "  The Bodyguard , " in which she also made her acting debut . Stunned celebrities mourn Whitney Houston While the movie received mostly poor reviews , the song went onto to sell 10 million singles , winning Grammy 's record of the year and best female pop vocal . The soundtrack was named album of the year . "  I will always be grateful and in awe of the wonderful performance she did on my song and I can truly say from the bottom of my heart , ` Whitney , I will always love you . You will be missed , ' " Parton said . But by the time the movie opened , Houston 's clean-cut pop image had begun to tarnish with her marriage to R&B bad boy Bobby Brown . The two met in 1989 and married three years later . HLNtv.com : What about Bobbi Kristina Brown ? Their relationship became tabloid fodder , with every misstep chronicled and the couple 's relationship a subject of constant speculation . Brown 's notorious hard-partying led him to several run-ins with the law and stints in jail . While Houston managed to maintain a successful music and movie career through the end of the 1990s , starring in "  The Preacher 's Wife " and "  Waiting To Exhale , " her behavior turned increasingly erratic amid reports of heavy drug use . By the 2000s , her career was in free fall as her album sales dropped off and her voice began to show signs of wear . The rumors were further fueled by her gaunt appearance and crass behavior on the 2005 short-lived Bravo reality show "  Being Bobby Brown , " which she later said in an interview she only did to try to save her marriage . The couple , who had a daughter together , divorced in 2007 . Brown performed at a "  New Edition " concert Saturday night in South Haven , Mississippi . "  The atmosphere felt bittersweet , " said iReporter Moshiu Knox , who attended the concert with his wife . "  Bobby was crying during his performance and at one point had to walk off stage . ... The crowd was emotional and tears were flowing all over the arena . " Video of the concert shows Brown asking the audience to pray for the couple 's daughter . "  If you find the time , can you say a prayer for me because I 'm going to need it , " he says . In an infamous interview in 2002 with ABC 's Diane Sawyer , Houston admitted to using drugs but denied the use of crack . "  Crack is wack , " she said , quoting a line taken from Keith Haring mural painted in 1986 . It was during the same interview , she told Sawyer : "  The biggest devil is me . I 'm either my best friend or my worst enemy . " Houston bounced in and out of drug rehab twice , declaring herself drug-free during a 2009 interview with Oprah Winfrey , though an Australian tour that same year was fraught with reviews that she sounded "  croaky " and , at times , appeared disoriented . Recently , Houston was working to turn around her career -- and image -- with a star turn in the upcoming movie "  Sparkle , " the remake of a 1976 film that is said to be loosely inspired by the Supremes . The night Houston died she was to be a guest of honor at Davis ' annual pre-Grammy bash . "  She loved music and she loved this night that celebrated music , " Davis told party-goers . "  Her family asked that we carry on . " She would have loved that , too . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Whitney Houston 's death rocks the music industry on the eve of its biggest night Her death , at age 48 , was the final chapter of the storied career that began in the 1980s Houston 's career stalled as her drug use and marriage to Bobby Brown made for tabloid fodder She was working to turn her career around with a star turn in the upcoming film , "  Sparkle "
Editor 's note : The October Issue of Martha Stewart Living and the Martha Stewart Halloween Special Edition are currently available on newsstands . Martha Stewart Living  -- Host a gathering that kicks off Halloween with a movable feast , friends and family , and a riot of funny faces . Here 's your go-to guide for everything including pumpkin picking strategies , carving techniques , and printable templates . We 'll even show you what to do with the seeds ! Martha Stewart Living : 15 kitchen shortcuts that will change the way you cook Smashing pumpkin Halloween invitations Get your party started right with Halloween invitations adorned with a familiar grin . Choose a carving location If weather permits , consider having a daytime party outside on a picnic table , where it wo n't matter as much if you make a mess . Keep sharp instruments safely organized in buckets and on trays on the picnic table . Whether you 're inside or outdoors , cover your table  or tables  with newsprint or kraft paper for quick , easy cleanup . If inside , you may want to protect the floor , as spilled pumpkin flesh and seeds can be slippery . Martha Stewart Living : 19 tips for perfect laundry every time How to pick pumpkins Ask guests to bring their own pumpkins , or plan on providing them for the whole party . Be sure to choose ones that are smooth , firm , and symmetrical . They do n't need to be giant -- keep in mind that people will be taking their jack-o ' - lanterns home at the end of the party . Have a few extra pumpkins on hand for any late arrivals . What to ponder at the patch Design dictates shape : If you know what design you want to make , pick a pumpkin accordingly . Tall , oblong ones will work best for vertical designs , whereas short , squat ones are better for horizontals . Flat can be fine . Some pumpkins have a flatter side  where they rested against the ground as they grew  . Work it to your advantage , since carving on a flat surface is easier than carving on a rounded one . If you plan to group pumpkins , rotate them to see how your design will continue from one to the next . Also try rotating if you 're stacking pumpkins : Some nest better at certain angles .  Leave the bottom pumpkin 's stem intact , or just trim it -- cutting it off can invite premature rotting . Martha Stewart Living : 20 super-efficient , super-effective ways to clean all the things Nature 's canvas This year , try an upgrade on the usual toothy jack-o ' - lantern and carve something that looks like art . Find inspiration for a design in the fabric of a favorite dress or a beloved wallpaper pattern from your childhood home . The results are so sophisticated and eye-catching , sometimes they do n't even need the help of a candle to shine . Plan the design Consider how the pattern will fit on the pumpkin and how it will repeat . Tape it to the pumpkin .  You may need to cut slits into the perimeter of the template and overlap it so it conforms to the roundness .  Using an awl , a pushpin , or a T pin , prick every ⅛ to 1/4 inch along the outlines of the template . Then remove the template , but keep it for reference . Martha Stewart Living : No-mess one-bowl desserts : 12 recipes for lazy bakers Create the design Use linoleum cutters to scrape the pumpkin skin . Start with the outline of the design and work inward . For details , use a No. 1 or No. 2 blade . For larger areas , use a No. 3 or No. 5 blade . Scrape in the same direction in each section to keep the lines unified . Pumpkin-carving tools Look beyond the knife drawer to implements intended for other uses -- say , a melon baller or a keyhole saw . These pumpkin-carving tools will make carving an easy task for you and your guests . How to carve pumpkins with kids Try a new approach to pumpkin carving with smaller kids : Have children use their own drawings to create a template . First , sketch a design on a piece of paper and cut out the pieces of the face separately . Next , tape the parts to the hollowed-out pumpkin .  Note that as you 're going from paper to pumpkin , you may have to interpret the layout of the face a little differently .  Then trace the lines of the template by pokingholes with a needle tool . Guide your kids if they need help with sharp tools . Last , remove the template and carve along the dotted patterns with a miniature saw . Martha Stewart Living : Instant organization : Get it together in 15 minutes or less Party menu and favors When the crew starts feeling as hollow as their creations , let them break for fall fare , including sage popcorn in handheld portions . The trio of cheddar , Gruyere , and fontina gives mac and cheese layers of sophisticated flavor , but it 's still informal and delicious for all . The single servings make it easy to hold and carry . Grown-ups can warm up with a hot whiskey sour with Nocello , a walnut-flavored liqueur that adds a nutty twist . Sweet-potato soup gets its smoky essence from chipotle and a bit of crunch from a topping of salted pepitas ; served in a mug , it 's portable and hand-warming . Make sure to save room for dessert , a tasty sundae with an apple "  bowl " that 's been hollowed out to accommodate a scoop of vanilla ice cream , a drizzle of homemade caramel sauce , and toasted walnuts . Make a classic Bundt cake , baked with caramelized apples , walnuts , and spices , to await the partygoers ; the glaze is made with apple cider . For party favors or treats , fill crepe-paper pumpkin pouches with tiny toys and candy eggs . Keep your party treats somewhere special . Transform a few hollowed-out pumpkins into candy jar creatures by sawing open pumpkin tops and placing a bowl inside . Guests will love this witch who thinks she 's gourd-geous . The party does n't have to end once guests have finished carving their pumpkins . Browse our best pumpkin-seed crafts and recipes , including a pumpkin bird feeder , a pumpkin seed necklace , and more creative ideas to keep the gathering going . Martha Stewart Living : Curb your food cravings with yoga	Use these tips to carve out a pumpkin and a party for Halloween Choose smooth , firm and symmetrical pumpkins for carving Use the right tools : Melon ballers and linoleum cutters work !
CNN  -- The NATO-led command in Afghanistan is investigating a raid that led to the deaths of six Afghans and claims of civilian casualties . The incident occurred Wednesday in the eastern province of Khost in an operation launched by Afghan and coalition forces , and the probe highlights the coalition 's emphasis on avoiding civilian deaths . The force approached a building and "  was engaged with small arms fire . " "  Coalition forces take every allegation of civilian casualties seriously and will conduct a complete assessment of the engagement , " NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said in a statement on Thursday . President Hamid Karzai on Thursday ordered authorities to launch an investigation as well . Mubarez Zadran , a provincial government spokesman , told CNN that six civilians were killed in a residential area of Khost province 's Matoon district and he said two others were wounded . ISAF had said it killed six fighters from the Haqqani network , a militant group with Taliban ties that operates in Afghanistan and Pakistan . One female civilian sustained non-life-threatening injuries , ISAF said . "  The target of the operation was a Haqqani leader responsible for indirect fire attacks against the Afghan National Army and the transfer of weapons and explosives throughout the district , " ISAF said on Thursday . Mussa Majroh , a spokesman for the Khost education department , said a teacher and a student were among those killed in the night raid . Majroh said many people took to the streets to protest the killings . "  They were carrying the dead bodies with them too on the streets and to the front gate of governor 's office in the capital of Khost province , " Majroh said . Thie incident comes as the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan said on Thursday in a report that the use of powerful improvised explosive devices -- IEDs -- by militants in Afghanistan has caused a "  dramatic " hike in "  conflict-related civilian deaths " in the first half of the year . Afghanistan saw a 15 % mainly because of "  the use of landmine-like pressure plate improvised explosive devices by anti-government elements , " according to the UNAMA 's Mid-year Report on Protection of Civilians in Armed Conflict .	The incident occurs in Khost province Six Afghans are killed as ISAF targeted a Haqqani leader President Karzai orders authorities to probe the killings
CNN  -- Politicians are in plentiful supply this Memorial Day as the ramp-up to the 2012 presidential election begins in earnest . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who began a nationwide bus tour Sunday , generated plenty of buzz , visiting Fort McHenry in Baltimore and Mount Vernon in Virginia on Monday . She told CNN on Monday that she plans to take her "  One Nation " bus tour to Iowa , the state that votes first in the race for the Republican presidential nomination . "  I 'm sure at some point I will be going to Iowa , " Palin said . The 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee told reporters earlier on Monday she is "  still kind of contemplating " a White House run . "  I think any Republican candidate is very , very electable , " she said . "  I think Americans are ready for true change . " Palin 's Memorial Day schedule was also expected to take her to the battlefield at Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . As of 5 p.m. ET she had n't arrived yet , but more than 100 people were waiting , some for hours . Over the next few days , Palin 's "  One Nation " bus tour is also scheduled to make stops at historic sites in Massachusetts and New Hampshire , the latter home to the nation 's first primary . "  This is n't a campaign bus , " she said . "  This is a bus to be able to express to America how much we appreciate our foundation , and to invite more people to be interested in all that is good about America . " "  We do n't need to fundamentally transform America , " she added . "  We need to restore what 's good about America . " Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota , who would compete with Palin for Tea Party support should she run , was attending Memorial Day events in New Hampshire . She has already hired staff in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina -- all key states that hold early caucuses or primaries . Bachmann has promised to make a presidential announcement during June in Waterloo , Iowa , the town where she was born . Former Minnesota Gov. and Republican presidential candidate Tim Pawlenty , who announced his candidacy last week , was spending the day in Iowa , including a stop at a pancake breakfast in Waukee . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who is expected to announce his presidential bid on Thursday in New Hampshire , did not share his Memorial Day plans . He did release a statement , however , praising both veterans and current military service members . "  As we observe Memorial Day , we owe thanks to the many Americans who have fought and died to defend our country , " Romney said . "  Those patriots who are on the battlefields today or have gone to battlefields in the past , some never to return , have left us a stronger country , a great nation that , whatever its divisions , shines as a beacon of liberty before the peoples of the world . "	Sarah Palin plans to go to Iowa Mitt Romney releases a statement praising military veterans Many potential presidential candidates are out on Memorial Day Palin takes her "  One Nation " tour to Fort McHenry , Mount Vernon and Gettysburg
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Troops with the NATO-led force in Afghanistan have seized more than 6,000 pounds of illegal drugs , the force said . Troops found more than 5,300 pounds of processed opium , more than 1,000 pounds of wet opium paste , approximately 50 pounds of heroin , and multiple firearms with ammunition were found in the truck , the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said . Authorities arrested two people and destroyed most of the drugs , though they kept some narcotics to analyze . The confiscation took place Wednesday in southern Afghanistan -- in the Maiwand district of Kandahar province -- after troops stopped a "  suspicious " truck . Afghan opium kills 100,000 people a year worldwide -- more than any other drug -- and the opiate heroin kills five times as many people in NATO countries each year than the total number of NATO troops killed in combat in Afghanistan , a recent U.N. report said . About 15 million people around the world use heroin , opium or morphine , fueling a $ 65 billion market for the drug and also fueling terrorism and insurgencies . The Taliban raised $ 450 million to $ 600 million over the past four years by "  taxing " opium farmers and traffickers , Antonio Maria Costa , head of the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime , said in a report last autumn . Not all the money is going into the pockets of rebels or drug dealers , though . Some Afghan officials are making money off the trade as well , he said .	NATO-led troops in Afghanistan seized more than 6,000 pounds of illegal drugs Haul included more than 5,300 pounds of processed opium Troops stopped a "  suspicious " truck in the Maiwand district of Kandahar province Afghan opium kills 100,000 people a year worldwide -- more than any other drug
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania baseball team awarded a 64-year-old man free funeral services after he wrote a winning essay as part of a promotion . The Lehigh Valley IronPigs , a minor league baseball team from Allentown , promoted the essay contest . It asked fans to describe their perfect funeral in 200 words or less . After judges from the team 's staff and a participating funeral home reviewed the entries , Steve Paul , from Freemansburg , emerged as the winner . Paul will receive a funeral package valued at nearly $ 10,000 , courtesy of Reichel Funeral Home in Northampton . It includes a free casket , body removal and preparation , use of the funeral home for any viewings and ceremonies , a vehicle to transfer the remains , as well as the professional services of the funeral director and staff . It is the most valuable prize ever awarded to a fan in the team 's history . The idea for the promotion was thought up at an annual fall retreat that team general manager Kurt Landes and his staff take every year . They received about 50 entries , Landes said . "  Some were very jovial and lighthearted , some were very serious , and many were in-between , " he said . " A lot of people spoke about their love of baseball . " Among the entries , one man offered to wear an IronPigs T-shirt at his funeral . Another wanted his ashes sprinkled over the field by a hang-glider . Another essay detailed how he wanted his ashes placed behind home plate so that he could always second-guess the umpire , Landes said . Though many of the essays were humorous , Paul 's heartfelt essay won the judges over . It described his unexpected diagnosis with ALS , commonly known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . Sharing the burden of ALS "  The disease is racing , as my family must watch the strength , energy and life quickly drain from my body , " Paul wrote . "  No one was prepared , emotionally or financially , for the loss or to prepare a final memorial . " Paul 's perfect funeral will be an intimate affair with just his family and friends present to "  laugh , cry and tell anecdotal stories . " He hoped to win the funeral not for himself , but to help his relatives who "  must now deal with a very rapidly approaching time of loss . " "  My memorial should not be morbid or sad , but a gathering to enjoy and celebrate life and family I dearly loved , " Paul wrote . The contest ran throughout July . After the winning essay was read at Tuesday night 's game , and Paul arrived in his wheelchair to accept his award , the entire crowd roared in support . "  It really turned into a very heartwarming and really tear-jerking moment , " Landes said . The funeral contest was meant as a celebration of life , not a glamorization of death , Landes said . It 's one of many contests and fun promotions that the team sponsors every season . The IronPigs made headlines this year with the installation of a urinal gaming system . It was a promotion sponsored with the Lehigh Valley Health Network to remind men to get checked for prostate cancer . "  You actually play the game by directing your stream , " Landes said . "  We have about four or five games on rotation , but our most popular is one where you control a snowmobile with your stream and you try to hit penguins . The more penguins you hit , the higher your score . " When you walk by the men 's bathroom , you often see people high-fiving each other or joking about their high scores , he said . Before , during and after the game , videos remind men about the importance of checking for prostate cancer . The point of all of these promotions , Landes said , is to bring the community together and create an atmosphere of excitement around the team and the games . "  What 's most important for us is to promote that atmosphere of creativity and community . We always want our fans to be excited about what 's next , " Landes said .	Steve Paul to receive a funeral package valued at nearly $ 10,000 It includes a free casket , body removal and preparation , and use of a local funeral home Paul 's heartfelt essay addresses his struggle with Lou Gehrig 's disease
CNN  -- Ten years and 1.2 billion users into its existence , there 's no question that Facebook has changed our lives . Whether it was an inspired vision , deft execution , a bit of dumb luck or a combination of all three , Mark Zuckerberg 's social juggernaut has ingrained itself into the daily lives of digital-age users in a way that forebears like MySpace and contemporaries like Twitter could only imagine . Which is not to say it 's all "  likes " and "  shares " and happy kid pics . As with any new  or newly discovered  technology , the impact of the end product is largely in the hands of the user . We are , after all , only human -- with all the joy and sadness , decency and ugliness that that entails . So here , as Facebook turns 10 on Tuesday , is a look back at five ways the social network has changed us -- for better and for worse . Share ! Share ! Share ! The good : Wedding announcements ? Thing of the past . Birth announcement ? Just slap an Instagram shot of that bouncing baby boy or girl on your timeline . Dating ? Graduated ? Bought a house ? Got a puppy ? Same deal . We take it for granted now , but the ability to share major events with all the people closest to you with a single click of the mouse is unprecedented . There were the Myspaces of the world before Facebook . But mom , your second cousin and Aunt Jenny were n't on them . And it 's not just the good stuff , either . Changing that relationship status to "  single " can save you from those awkward "  How 's Joey doing ? You two are so cute together ! " conversations . The bad : Overshare ! Overshare ! Overshare ! Seriously . Ten years in , some folks have n't figured out what everyone on their friends list wants , or needs , to know . OK , sometimes those pictures of your dinner look delicious . Sometimes . But the detailed updates on your mundane day are mind-numbing and the play-by-play of your 3-year-old 's potty training is just -- too much . We all want to know you got a wedding ring . The fact that you just polished the one you 've had for 14 years ? Not so much . The past is not really past The good : When a site has 1.2 billion users  OK , we all know some of those are multiple or abandoned accounts , so let 's say at least a cool billion  it 's a pretty amazing database of the world 's Web-enabled population . That means your odds of finding just about anybody are a heck of a lot better than they were 10 years ago . There have been the remarkable tales , like the woman who -- after years of failed efforts -- reunited after 44 years with her birth mother . How long did it take on Facebook ? Two days . For most of us , it 's less dramatic than that . Childhood friends who moved long ago , college roommates who drifted away , even former teachers who served as inspirations are now but a quick search away . There 's no doubt we have friends because of Facebook that we would n't have otherwise . The bad : Sometimes , drifting apart is n't a bad thing . Yes , your old high-school classmates got annoying and your cousin 's politics disgust you . But we 're not talking about that . We 're talking about exes . And past flirtations . And cheating . Nostalgia is part of life . But , with Facebook , getting nostalgic about an old crush or flame could lead to a late-night Facebook message . Or , you know , a poke . "  I see Facebook issues breaking up marriages all the time , " Gary Traystman , a divorce attorney in New London , Connecticut , told the Wall Street Journal . More than 80 % of U.S. divorce attorneys say they 've seen an increase in cases involving social media , according to the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers , and one-third of all divorce filings last year contained the word Facebook , according to a survey by Divorce Online . Temptation is always out there . But with Facebook , it can be a little too convenient . It makes you happy The good : In 2009 , a survey of 2,600 college students by researchers at the University of Texas showed that those who were the heaviest users of Facebook were the most satisfied with their lives . They also were more likely to be engaged socially and politically . More recently , a University of Wisconsin study showed that , after five minutes of looking at their own shiny Facebook profiles , users experienced a significant boost in self-esteem . A 2011 Cornell University study delivered similar results . "  For many people , there 's an automatic assumption that the Internet is bad , " associate professor Jeffrey Hancock said at the time . "  This is one of the first studies to show that there 's a psychological benefit of Facebook . " The bad : Or maybe it makes you unhappy . Other studies have looked at aspects of Facebook use and the results have been less encouraging . Last year , a University of Michigan researcher found that looking at posts by Facebook friends -- you know , the photos of smiling kids on vacation in the Caribbean or announcements about promotions , engagements and awesome nights on the town -- can make us feel sadder about our own humdrum lives . "  On the surface , Facebook provides an invaluable resource for fulfilling the basic human need for social connection , " the study reads . "  Rather than enhancing well-being , however , these findings suggest that Facebook may undermine it . " As with many things , your mileage may very . But what 's clear is that Facebook has become such a part of our lives that it tweaks our emotions , for better or worse . Every day is a reunion The good : Reuniting with classmates from high school or college has never been easier . Pre-Facebook , a class reunion committee looking to celebrate five , 10 or 20 years post-diploma faced a thankless task . "  Where does Jennifer live these days ? " "  Who has Steven 's phone number ? " "  Do you know Wanda 's married name ? " Now ? One Facebook event invitation and you can focus on booking the best '80s cover band available . The bad : If every day is a reunion , why have a reunion ? Actually reuniting with old classmates is losing some of its appeal when we know the names of the former theater club president 's three kids and which character from "  The Hunger Games " she 'd be . Timothy Davis , co-founder of reunion website Classreport.com , told the Baltimore Sun that he has noticed a drop-off in the number of reunions in recent years , particularly among folks in their mid - to late 20s . "  People I have n't talked to in years will see my wedding pictures on Facebook , then I 'll see them in person and we wo n't say one word to each other ... , " Rebecca Miller , a 23-year-old whose five-year reunion fizzled to a small party at the class president 's house , told the paper . "  Why go to a high school reunion when you 're going to stand around and go , ` So , how did that doctor 's appointment go yesterday ? ' " Privacy The good : For those willing to find and use them , Facebook provides tools that let you select who sees what . So , while grandma is welcome to look at those pics of the kids playing in the snow , she might not need to be privy to your strongly worded rant about the cable guy who is two days late . You can direct that one instead to buddies with a proper appreciation for your expansive vocabulary . Rival Twitter is designed by default to be a public forum , where you broadcast your 140-character pearls of wisdom to the world . Facebook allows that , too , but is more geared toward limiting your thoughts to certain family and friends . The bad : Well , you know . Security breaches have been a reality of many websites ' growth . But as its user base grew dramatically , Facebook 's problems  like the time CEO and founder Mark Zuckerberg got his own page hacked  played out in front of a massive , and nervous , audience . While Facebook has privacy settings that let users protect information , some privacy advocates say the network does n't make them easy enough to find and use .  Facebook has worked to ease those concerns , especially for younger users  . At the end of the day , Facebook benefits when you decide to share more openly . The details about your life that you share on Facebook are rounded up and compiled into a profile of you that helps advertisers target you with things they think you 'll like . So , when you announced your pregnancy and were , soon after , bombarded with Facebook ads for a bunch of baby stuff ? That was no coincidence . To be clear , Facebook is not handing advertisers information about you personally . But , somewhere , there exists a nameless profile of a user with your hometown , gender , age and likes and dislikes , just waiting to be used for marketing purposes . That , in a nutshell , is the entry fee to use this remarkable social tool . Yes , Facebook has changed the way we communicate . Whether it is truly cost-free remains another question .	Facebook turns 10 next week and has undeniably changed how many of us live For many of those changes , there are positive and negative sides In the Facebook age , there 's rarely such thing as a long-lost friend But some folks still have n't figured out etiquette of social sharing
PICHER , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Wearing powder blue pants and a plaid fedora , 84-year-old Orval "  Hoppy " Ray arrived fashionably late to a celebration in Picher , Oklahoma , a vacated mining town at the center of one of the nation 's largest and most polluted toxic-waste sites . Hoppy Ray , 84 , was among the last people to leave the toxic town of Picher , Oklahoma . Former residents , bought out by the government because their town was deemed so dangerous , gathered in Picher 's elementary school to say farewell to a place where kids suffered lead poisoning , where homes built atop underground mines plunged into the Earth and where the local creek coughs up orange water , laced with heavy metals . A toothpick dangling out of the corner of his chapped mouth , Ray greeted several old friends as if he were in any other small town in America . "  Hello there , Hoppy ! How the hell are ya ? " one called out . Gray mountains of toxic gravel loomed behind the school , just out of sight , as Hoppy hobbled past a bundle of balloons and through the front doors , cane in hand . He tipped his hat as he entered . "  Looks like a good crowd , " he said . "  Everybody seems to be havin ' a good time . That 's the main thing . " In a town this tragic and for a person as stubborn as Hoppy , that 's a big statement . As his abandoned town fades to dust , Hoppy has gone into the business of memories . He wants to remind townspeople , and the world , that a person 's home should always be loved -- no matter how toxic . See Hoppy share memories of Picher " * * * * * Hoppy did n't understand what all of the fuss was about . It was 2006 , and the federal government announced it would pay people to leave Picher and the Tar Creek Superfund Site , which is part of the government 's toxic-waste cleanup program . A report had found that much of the area was at risk of collapsing into the extensive lead and zinc mines . Timeline : How Picher became toxic " The buyout plan was seen as a blessing by some scared families . But not Hoppy . Hoppy swore he would n't leave his hometown , that he would die before he 'd leave Picher , even if his electricity and water were turned off . He 'd grown up there , worked in the mines alongside his father -- and all three of his brothers . But Picher was more than a place to make money . It was a place of patriotism and purpose : The metals they dug out of caves deep in the ground were processed and turned into bullets that armed U.S. soldiers in both world wars . The wars ended , though , and so did the world 's interest in Picher . By 1970 , the last mine shut down . Hoppy 's family stayed . They could n't leave a place that had threaded itself into their lives so deeply . * * * * * After making a quick stop in the crowded school cafeteria , Hoppy found a more suitable post on the sidelines of the reunion , in a narrow hallway . He sat in a chair with a smirk on his face , using his cane to ping friends in the shins , or sometimes in the groin , to get their attention . "  This here 's the last man standing , " one man said , chuckling , as he stopped by Hoppy 's seat . Hoppy 's son and grandson arrived with several cardboard boxes of books , pulled from the bed of the old miner 's pickup . With the help of another local-history buff , Hoppy has self-published three books . The latest , "  Just Call Me Hoppy , " chronicles his memories of a pre-toxic Picher , a time he believes everyone else has forgotten . The book begins in 1925 , when the mines were at their peak -- and the year Hoppy was born . At 17 , he left Picher to fight in World War II . After he was injured when his Navy ship was hit by a suicide bomber , Hoppy returned home to finish high school and go to work in the mines . In those years , Picher was a bustling town with neon signs "  like Las Vegas , " Hoppy recalled . See photos of the town " When the mines slowed down and money was tight , Hoppy hustled billiard tables at a pool hall downtown . When the mines shut entirely , he bought the pool hall and hung on its walls some of his dad 's mining gear : a kerosene lamp , a helmet . The items puzzled kids who came into the Pastime Pool Hall . What were the mines like ? they asked Hoppy . What did they mine for , anyway ? Shocked by the younger generation 's ignorance , Hoppy became a collector . He asked the kids to bring in mining memorabilia . In exchange , he 'd let them shoot a few rounds of pool for free . "  I thought it was important that people ought to know what Picher 's role was in two world wars , " Hoppy said . "  Hell , to me , it was important . ... Without the mines here in Ottawa County -LSB- Oklahoma -RSB- , those wars would 've lasted a lot longer . " Hoppy 's book details Picher 's patriotic spirit , its sense of purpose during the wars . But it mentions the Superfund buyout only in passing and never explains that the town is toxic . It does n't say that four of Hoppy 's great-grandchildren tested for high levels of lead in their blood . They are among the victims of Picher 's toxic legacy . Hoppy figures the world hears plenty about all that . He 'd rather focus on the Picher he loves . The walls of his pool hall -- the sign in the window says "  Hoppy 's Museum " -- are now papered with photos and artifacts . Neighboring buildings are boarded up , their windows broken , the paint peeling . Tree-size weeds crack the sidewalks . Hoppy 's pool hall breathes life into this abandoned place , where only a few people still live . On Monday nights , he opens the doors to local musicians . When he goes home , he leaves a single bulb lit over the door . It 's the only light on the street . * * * * * One morning , about two weeks before Picher 's June 13 reunion , Hoppy 's son moved his dad out of town while Hoppy was at his favorite restaurant eating breakfast . Hoppy was furious . "  I unlocked the door ... and I did n't have a stick of furniture , " he said . He stood in the entryway in disbelief . David Ray showed up behind his dad , bearing the news that Picher had left him behind . It was time to go . He was moving to Miami , a town just 10 miles south . Hoppy remains bewildered by the situation . He lies awake at night in his new home . He tunes the television to a country-music station and blares familiar songs to try to lull himself to sleep . On the rare instances when that has worked , Hoppy has dreamed of a pre-toxic Picher . He sees packed movie theaters and bar fights . He sees the people from the photos on the walls of his pool hall , all of whom are gone . Some mornings , Hoppy leaves breakfast and drives to his old home instead of his new one in Miami , as if he 's on autopilot . His house in Picher , the one where he lived for nearly half a century , is tagged with yellow spray paint : TBCD . To be condemned . Why is moving just 10 miles away so devastating ? Outside Picher , the mining town 's former residents are branded "  lead heads " and "  chat rats . " People wonder whether living in the polluted area made them stupid . Like any downtrodden group , Picher residents once found strength in numbers , in their insulated community . Now they must find their way in a larger world -- a world they do n't fully understand , one that understands them only as the products of a toxic town . It 's no wonder they seek solace in memories . * * * * * From his post in the hallway at Picher 's wake , Hoppy sold $ 300 worth of books -- not enough to cover costs but enough to leave him satisfied . His night was cut short when the muscles in his chest seized up . He had two heart attacks in recent weeks , and doctors said the stress was getting to him . Hoppy 's son told his dad he was "  out of gas . " It was time to go . Hoppy 's family loaded his unsold books back into the bed of his pickup , and the old miner drove down empty streets to a still-unfamiliar home . He says he moved to Miami "  under protest . " But he 's easing to the idea a bit . "  They told me they were gon na move me to Miami , " he joked , "  and I said , ` Over my dead body , you will ! ' " He continued , changing tone : " ` Oh , well , ' I said , ` I 've been dead from the waist down now for 10 years anyway . ' " He has found purpose by resurrecting Picher 's untold story -- at the pool hall , at the reunion and through his books . He 's not happy about having to leave his home . But he 's no longer the stubborn man who could n't dream of the world beyond Picher . "  There 's not any point in thinking about it , " he said , "  because there ai n't a damn thing you can do about it -- just break out , go someplace else and start all over again . " The walls in his new living room are still bare . But he has ordered two 6-foot-long murals of Picher , photographs of the town in its heyday . The mountains of gravel waste were smaller then -- and growing . For Hoppy , the photos capture a town on the upswing . He went to Picher 's wake expecting it to feel like a funeral . He left with a sense of relief . And afterward , for the first time in weeks , he slept through the night .	Former residents of toxic lead-mining town gather to say farewell Picher , Oklahoma , is one of oldest , largest most polluted toxic-waste sites in U.S. A government program pays people to leave the dangerous area Mines leave the surface prone to collapse and stain a local creek orange
CNN  -- A city official in the remote Brazilian Amazon village of Envira told CNN that five members of the Kulina tribe are on the run after being accused of murdering , butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act of cannibalism . The village 's chief of staff , Maronilton da Silva Clementino , said Kulina tribesmen took the life of Ocelio Alves de Carvalho , 19 , last week on the outskirts of Envira , which is in the far western part of Brazil that bumps up against Peru . Portal Amazonia newspaper reported that the Indians escaped after being held for a few hours in the city 's police station . No arrest warrants were issued . Brazilian law does not allow the military or civil police to enter Indian lands , Portal Amazonia reported . It is still unknown how many people took part in the alleged cannibalistic ritual , although several Indians have fled into the jungle fearing prosecution , the newspaper Diario do Amazonas reported . Clementino said the victim was herding cattle when he met with a group of Indians who invited him back to their village . "  They knew each other and they sometimes helped one another . They invited him to their reservation three days ago and he was never seen again , " Clementino said . "  The family decided to go into the reservation and that 's when they saw his body quartered and his skull hanging on a tree . It was very tragic for the family , " he said . The news of the incident came from the Indians themselves , who apparently bragged about eating the man 's organs , Clementino said . Members of the tribe told residents of Envira -- where 190 Kulina families brush shoulders with non-tribal Brazilians -- that they held a cannibalistic ritual in which they cooked the victim 's organs , Clementino said . He said Kulina Indians began surrounding the police station where the suspects were briefly interrogated . Villagers told authorities they are incensed by the lack of response from FUNAI , Brazil 's National Indian Foundation . "  The family is very frustrated with the law here , which protects the Indians and does n't help protect us , " he said . "  They start drinking and local farmers here are afraid who could be next . " Clementino said groups Indians -- often outnumbering police -- pose a security threat to locals . He said the man 's family are upset that authorities did not arrive until three days later . But a FUNAI official told the newspaper Voz do Acre that access to Envira is very difficult , requiring long boat or helicopter rides . According to FUNAI , about 2,500 Kulina live in Brazil 's Acre state , which borders with Peru , where 450 Kulina live . This remote jungle corridor is known for its isolated tribes . The Kulina are classified as an "  isolated " tribe but some have contact with the non-indian population . The Kulina are also known for their complex language . FUNAI studies show that Kulina women speak a completely different language from the men . According to FUNAI , there are 460,000 Indians in Brazil and 1,300 indian languages . There are 55 groups considered to live in isolation .	Five members of the Kulina tribe on the run after being accused of cannibalism They are accused of murdering , butchering and eating a farmer in a ritual act Victim was herding cattle when he met Indians who invited him back to their village Suspected Indians escaped after being held for a few hours at a police station
CNN  -- "  The last couple of weeks I 've been at home have been murder with the traffic , " bemoans Monte Carlo resident Jenson Button . Like most Formula One protagonists , the McLaren man loves the thrill of racing in the Monaco Grand Prix -- it 's just that he is less keen on Monte Carlo 's traffic jams in the build-up to the race . "  It 's been a nightmare , " the English driver , who recently moved back to the principality from the British island of Guernsey , told CNN . "  Putting up the grandstands takes a long time so the city does change quite a bit . "  In the winter it 's pretty quiet . You see a lot of people that you know and I train with the same people . Monte Carlo is like a quiet , peaceful village really . There 's also a new Irish pub that I like -- there 's a good pint of Guinness there ! " Button , Ferrari 's Felipe Massa and Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton are just a handful of F1 racers who have mixed business with pleasure by calling Monaco their home . Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg , son of Finland 's 1982 world champion Keke Rosberg , can boast that he grew up there . It makes sense for wealthy drivers to live in Monaco -- after all , the independent state on the French Riviera has thrived on its reputation as a playground for the rich and famous since the late 1800s . Just as importantly its tax laws are favorable compared to its European neighbors . But for one weekend in May the streets of Monte Carlo are not just for the well-heeled -- they are for racing on . The precipitous , winding roads have evolved into a thrilling street circuit ready to host this weekend 's grand prix . The most famous race in Formula One -- a fixture on the calendar since 1950 -- brings a change of pace to Monaco 's Mediterranean idyll . The metamorphosis , overseen by the Automobile Club de Monaco  ACM  , takes two months to complete and calls on the expertise of 200 construction workers to build 1,100 tonnes of grandstands , 900 tonnes of pit garages and 21 miles of safety barriers . The street circuit has one of the smallest capacities on F1 's calendar , with a total of 200,000 fans expected to watch the cars from the grandstands , hotel balconies and terraces -- not forgetting the yachts moored in the harbor -- over the weekend . A crowd of 200,000 may sound small but when the pocketsize principality is less than two square kilometers -- half the size of New York 's Central Park -- that is quite a crowd to pack in . "  The place is a little quieter the rest of the year , " says Carol Olivié-Etiévant , deputy manager of the Hotel Hermitage , which overlooks the F1 circuit in the heart of Monte Carlo . "  During these four days people are living day and night . There are parties in the harbor , on every terrace , so as Monte Carlo is a tiny place , every place is crowded , " she told CNN . "  There are other busy weekends in Monaco such as the open tennis tournament , the boat show in September and the Red Cross Ball but for this weekend of the grand prix it is very unusual . "  Thousands of people come for the day to Monaco , all the hotels are full , the restaurants are packed and we have many yachts in the harbor . This is most definitely the busiest one . "  For the month of May , Monaco is completely dedicated to Formula One . We have stands in the streets , paddocks in the harbor , and the configuration of the city is different because we close the roads . Monte Carlo is a completely different place . " The locals , known as Monegasques , are prepared to put up with a month or two of disruption because the grand prix is very good for business -- and , perhaps more importantly , for Monaco 's global brand . "  The grand prix is one of the things that helps distinguish Monaco from other Mediterranean destinations and gives it an additional layer of glamor which its rivals lack , " Christian Sylt of Formula One Money told CNN . "  The race keeps the principality in the public eye , which in turn attracts tourists and business conventions . The race itself directly brings around $ 120 million into the principality , with the bordering towns , such as Menton in France and Ventimiglia in Italy , taking a total of $ 12 million annually . " Kissing the barriers For businesses like Olivié-Etiévant 's five-star hotel , the allure of the grand prix adds extra cache for its clients all-year-round -- and the race weekend enables it to raise its prices , with a four-day package starting at $ 10,400 . The Monaco GP -- the brainchild of local Anthony Noghes and first run in 1929 -- is also important to the global money-making juggernaut that is F1 . While other countries have spent millions and millions of dollars on new circuits in Abu Dhabi and Austin , Texas , for example , the Monaco race is so intrinsic to the image of F1 that race organizers the ACM have a special arrangement with the sport 's promoters . "  Monaco is the only race on the calendar that does n't pay a race hosting fee to the Formula One Group , " explained Sylt . "  With some rival circuits paying more than $ 60 million , it 's a big saving . Tech guru Lowe back in the fast lane "  Monaco 's history and glamor make it a very important part of the F1 calendar . The race is well-known around the world and is a magnet to the rich and famous . This is great publicity for F1 and also means that there are many potential sponsors and investors in attendance , making it a once-a-year opportunity for F1 and the teams . " Although money and glamor grease the wheels at the Monaco GP , it does not necessarily follow that the event is a profitable enterprise for Prince Albert II 's sovereign city-state . "  The total budget for the race is around $ 35 million and the state provides a subsidy of $ 7 million towards this , " Sylt added . "  However , the cost of preparing the circuit for the grand prix means that even without paying a hosting fee the race rarely makes a profit . " With so much as stake at this weekend 's GP -- including the small matter of the 2013 drivers ' championship -- it also helps that the quality of racing around the streets of Monte Carlo remains undiminished . Apart from modifications to improve safety , the two-mile loop through the narrow , winding streets , past the majestic Casino , through the tunnel and along the harbor brimming with boats has presented the world 's fastest racers with the same rollercoaster challenge for the last 70 years . It is the slowest and shortest race on F1 's calendar but for many drivers it is the most thrilling . Brazil 's late triple world champion Ayrton Senna -- winner of a record six Monaco grands prix -- said he entered a trance-like state when racing on the limit between Monte Carlo 's narrow barriers . "  Monaco is unlike any other racetrack in Formula One , " said Button , who triumphed there in 2009 on the way to winning the world title . "  A qualifying lap around here is an exhilarating experience for a driver ; you turn into corners on the limit and you kiss every barrier at the exit . It 's a great challenge . " For the month of May , Monaco hums with the rhythm of F1 , and the drivers , fans and Monegasques alike anticipate the high-octane pleasures to come at this race . "  I was born in Monaco and in my life I 've missed one grand prix , " recalled Olivié-Etiévant . "  I was very sad when I missed it . "  We are very proud . Very . This is a legendary event and is really very important . It 's an atmosphere that you feel , an incredible excitement . As a Monegasque I also enjoy it very much . "	It takes two months to transform Monte Carlo into a racetrack for the Formula One race Monaco residents like McLaren driver Jenson Button say the Principality is normally peaceful 200,000 fans will come to Monaco to watch the legendary Monaco Grand Prix Organizers of the race do not pay a race fee but the GP rarely makes a profit
CNN  -- Doctors are fighting to save the sight of the artistic director of Russia 's illustrious Bolshoi Ballet after a masked assailant threw acid in his face on a Moscow street , state media reported . Sergei Filin , 43 , was approaching his home around midnight Thursday when the unidentified attacker flung the concentrated acid at him , causing severe burns to his face , the state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported Friday . It could take Filin at least six months to recover from the third-degree burns to his face and eyes , RIA Novosti cited Yekaterina Novikova , a Bolshoi spokeswoman , as saying . Filin took up the key role at the world-renowned ballet company in 2011 , after three years directing Moscow 's Stanislavsky and Nemirovich-Danchenko Music Theater . There was "  fierce rivalry " for the Bolshoi position at the time , according to RIA Novosti . The agency reported that Filin had suffered months of intimidation , including threatening phone calls and the slashing of his car tires . Shortly before the acid attack , somebody attempted to hack his Facebook page , it said . "  We do n't know who would benefit from this , " Novikova told RIA Novosti . "  The police should investigate . "	Sergei Filin was attacked as he approached his home in Moscow on Thursday night The unidentified assailant threw concentrated acid in his face , causing severe burns Filin had suffered intimidation , including threatening phone calls , state media say
CNN  -- Trayvon Martin 's father , Tracy , said Thursday it was difficult to listen to testimony about his son , particularly the negative comments , during George Zimmerman 's trial . "  That was n't the Trayvon that we raised . That was n't the Trayvon that we knew , and that we love , " he said during a Thursday night interview on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Still , Trayvon Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton , said that she felt the need to sit through every day of Zimmerman 's trial because her son was "  not here to say anything for himself . " She said that she wanted to "  show a face " for her son . Martin 's parents spoke out Thursday for the first time since Zimmerman was acquitted in the death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin . Zimmerman could still be held responsible "  It came as a complete shock for me , " Fulton said about the verdict . "  And the reason I say that is because I just look at people as people , and I thought for sure that the jury looked at Trayvon as an average teenager that was minding his own business , that was n't committing any crime . " Martin 's parents opted not to be in the courtroom when the verdict was read . They thought they would not be able to control their emotions -- whichever way the jury decided . When they heard , they broke down . "  When I heard the verdict , I kind of understand the disconnect , " Fulton said . "  Maybe they  jurors  did n't see Trayvon as their son . They did n't see Trayvon as a teenager . They did n't see Trayvon as just a human being that was minding his own business . " ` Does the system work ? It did n't work for us ' Tracy Martin said he was n't concerned about the racial makeup of the jury before the start of the trial , which has become a forum for debate about gun laws and race in America . But , like Fulton , he believes jurors never saw the event from the perspective of his son . The jury had six women -- five white and one an unspecified minority . Tracy Martin said he believes Juror B37 had her mind made up before the trial began . The juror gave an exclusive interview to CNN 's Anderson Cooper this week and said the jury felt like it knew Zimmerman but did n't know enough about Martin . Trayvon 's dad : My heart is broken , my faith is not Martin 's mother said that despite that comment , jurors had sufficient information . "  They knew he was a teenager . They knew he was on his way home . They knew he ran , " she said . " ... How much do you need to know ? " Referring to Juror B37 's statement that she did not believe race was a factor in the shooting , Fulton said , "  I think that 's a joke . " Tracy Martin said that his children had grown up in a diverse community , so he had never felt feel a need to have a conversation about how his sons should deal with race . Rather , he said he talked with his children about "  how we prepare them to become teenagers , to become upstanding citizens , to conduct themselves in public . " But once his unarmed son was shot , he said that changed . "  What is it I can tell my child now ? " he asked . In spite of his son 's death , Tracy Martin said he has faith in the legal system . "  The state did all they could with what they had " given the poor quality of the investigation , he said . "  Does the system work ? It did n't work for us . We remain prayerful that through this injustice , we can close that gap and hopefully the system can start working for everyone equally . " ` Hopefully , we can find some positive ' Martin 's mother said that she hoped that a foundation started in her son 's name would allow for something good to come out of his death . "  The change that we hope to affect is with the law , " Fulton said . "  We want to make sure any teenager who is walking down the street wont ' be killed , that they will make it home safe . " "  Hopefully , we can find some positive , some bright side out of all of this , " she said . The parents did not say whether they may file a civil lawsuit . Benjamin Crump , an attorney for Martin 's family who also appeared on "  Anderson Cooper 360 , " said they are hoping for a federal civil rights investigation into the teenager 's death . He said they were pleased by the charges brought against Zimmerman because they felt it got to the heart of the allegations . But he said he did not believe the police were aggressive with the shooting investigation , appearing to take Zimmerman 's word for it . "  Not only did  Zimmerman  profile Trayvon Martin , the police profiled Trayvon Martin , " Crump said . ` Forgiveness takes time ' Earlier Thursday , in interviews on the three network TV morning news programs , Martin 's parents assailed the verdict and the Zimmerman defense team 's argument that the killing was in self-defense during an attack by the unarmed teenager . Fulton told "  CBS This Morning " she was "  in a bit of shock " after the verdict . "  I thought surely that he would be found guilty of second-degree murder , " she said . On NBC 's "  Today , " Fulton said the case is "  sending a terrible message to other little black and brown boys -- that you ca n't walk fast , you ca n't walk slow . So what do they do ? I mean , how do you get home without people knowing or either assuming that you 're doing something wrong ? Trayvon was n't doing anything wrong . " Speaking to ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " Martin added that he and Fulton did not find the verdict fair , "  and of course it 's devastating . " "  Today " asked them whether they may forgive Zimmerman , the 29-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer . "  Forgiveness is like a healing process . Forgiveness takes time , " Martin responded . "  The Bible says that you have to forgive and forget , but also the healing process is a long process and the forgiving process is a long process . " Martin 's friend ` upset , angry ' by verdict Opinion : Voices on the lessons of Zimmerman trial Juror pushes for new laws following Zimmerman trial CNN 's Josh Levs , Joe Sterling and Jason Hanna contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Verdict came as a "  complete shock , " Martin 's mother says She talks about a possible disconnect between jurors and her son "  Does the system work ? It did n't work for us , " says Martin 's father The parents did not say whether they may file a civil lawsuit
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A Georgia inmate , found dead in prison where she was serving a life sentence for killing her boyfriend and husband with antifreeze , apparently committed suicide , authorities said Wednesday . Autopsy results on Julia Lynn Womack Turner showed she died from the "  toxic effects of the prescription medication propranolol , a blood pressure medication that Ms. Turner had been prescribed , " according to Georgia 's chief medical examiner . Investigators found no evidence of injury or foul play and the prison death is being classified as a suicide , Dr. Kris Sperry said . "  Toxicology studies revealed that Ms. Turner had a lethal level of this drug in her blood indicating that she had ingested an amount well above the prescribed dosage , " Dr. Sperry said . Turner , who went by Lynn , was serving a sentence of life in prison without parole in the Metro State Prison for women in Atlanta . She was found unresponsive in her cell on the morning of August 30 , and medics could not revive her . Lynn Turner was convicted of murder in the deaths of her husband , police officer Glenn Turner , and her boyfriend , firefighter Randy Thompson . Both men were poisoned with antifreeze . Glenn Turner died March 3 , 1995 , from what was initially thought to be an irregular heartbeat . A week later , Lynn Turner moved in with Thompson , with whom she had begun an affair several months earlier . But it was not until Thompson died in 2001 under similar circumstances that authorities exhumed the body of Glenn Turner and performed another autopsy . In both cases , the men had exhibited flu-like symptoms before being taken to the emergency room . They both died less than 24 hours after they left the hospital , from what a coroner initially identified as heart failure . Further examination , however , revealed traces of ethylene glycol , a byproduct of antifreeze , in both of their bodies . Lynn Turner was convicted of killing her husband in 2004 , then convicted in 2007 of killing Thompson . Cobb County , Georgia , prosecutors labeled her a "  black widow " who murdered both men for financial gain . After her husband 's death , Lynn Turner received more than $ 150,000 in benefits and interest from his life insurance and pension . She received about $ 36,000 in benefits as a result of Thompson 's death . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	Medical examiner : Turner died from a blood pressure drug overdose Authorities say there were no signs of foul play in Lynn Turner 's death She was found unresponsive in her Georgia prison cell Turner was serving life terms for killing her boyfriend and husband
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pennsylvania landowners around the September 11 , 2001 , crash site of Flight 93 have reached an agreement with the federal government allowing construction of a permanent memorial there , the government announced Monday . Family members take part in a memorial service for Flight 93 on September 11 , 2008 , in Shanksville , Pennsylvania . U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said the National Park Service has "  reached agreements with all the landowners needed " to establish the permanent memorial for the 40 people killed in the terrorist hijacking nearly eight years ago . Salazar said the government will pay the landowners approximately $ 9.5 million . One of several airliners hijacked on September 11 , 2001 , by terrorists who intended to use them as flying bombs , United Airlines Flight 93 went down near Shanksville , in western Pennsylvania . Salazar described the negotiations as cordial , with landowners wanting "  to walk away saying we 've done it for the right reasons . " A National Park Service Web site says the permanent memorial will honor "  the 40 passengers and crew members whose actions thwarted an attack on our nation 's capital " as they fought to regain control of the hijacked jetliner . Authorities believe the hijackers meant to crash the plane into either the White House or the Capitol . Architects have already sketched out the design , whose features will be situated to take advantage of a natural basin in the terrain . A Park Service official expects construction to begin in November . The announcement of an agreement with property owners around the crash site will not immediately change the public 's ability to visit the location , according to Park Service site supervisor Joanne Hanley . "  Nobody has access to the crash site , " she told CNN , "  and although you will be able to see the construction , it will be from the temporary viewing area . " Soon after the crash in 2001 , local volunteers established an overlook from a hillside in cooperation with private property owners and the Park Service , which continues to provide support for visitors . Many of those who have come to pay respects have left memorial objects at the temporary site that are then cataloged and stored . Hanley told CNN Monday the Flight 93 National Memorial Collection now holds more than 25,000 objects . Lisa Linden , spokeswoman for the Families of Flight 93 , issued a statement welcoming the agreement and saying that "  we are on track for the dedication of a substantial permanent memorial to the heroes of Flight 93 on the tenth anniversary of the events of 9/11 . "	National Park Service plans memorial for 40 people killed in terrorist hijacking Fed gov ' t "  reached agreements with all the landowners needed " for memorial Government will pay the landowners approximately $ 9.5 million A Park Service official expects construction to begin in November
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- The head of China 's quality watchdog is reported to have resigned over the tainted baby milk scandal that has killed four children and sickened nearly 53,000 others . The official Xinhua News Agency said Li Changjiang had quit with the approval of China 's State Council . Li 's agency is responsible for ensuring that China 's food supply chain is safe . Monday 's resignation came hours after the World Health Organization said the scandal had highlighted flaws in the country 's entire food supply chain . The chemical melamine blamed for causing kidney stones and kidney failure has been detected in formula milk powder from 22 dairies across China . The crisis was initially thought to have been confined to baby milk powder , but tests have found melamine in samples of liquid milk taken from China 's two largest dairy producers , Mengniu Dairy Group and Yili Industrial Group , as well as Shanghai-based Bright Dairy . WHO China representative Hans Troedsson said on Monday quality issues could occur anywhere from the farm to the retail outlet . He said "  it 's clearly something that is not acceptable and needs to be rectified and corrected , " according to The Associated Press . Troedsson said the WHO was discussing with officials how to strengthen China 's food quality system . Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has called milk manufacturers "  heartless " and promised stricter laws to protect the public . China 's Health Ministry said Sunday that about 13,000 children were hospitalized , while another 40,000 had undergone outpatient treatment for illnesses related to suspected melamine-tainted milk products . The scandal has spread beyond the mainland with melamine being found in three Chinese-made dairy products in Singapore . The country 's Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority said tests on "  White Rabbit Creamy Candy " showed that it was contaminated with melamine and it ordered stores to remove the product from shelves . Taiwan announced Monday it was banning the importation of all dairy products from China because of melamine contamination in milk supplies on the mainland , Taiwan 's Health Ministry said Monday . And a second child in Hong Kong has been diagnosed with a kidney stones after drinking the tainted milk as worried parents continued to take their children for health checkups , the government said Monday , AP reported . The 4-year-old boy was in hospital in a stable condition , the Hong Kong government said in a statement . A three-year-old girl was sickened by a suspected melamine-tainted milk over the weekend -- the first known illness outside of mainland China . The Chinese premier visited Beijing hospitals and a supermarket Sunday to show his concern for the crisis . "  What we need to do now is to ensure that nothing like this happens in the future , not only in dairy products , but in all foods , " he said . "  Manufacturers and owners of dairy companies should show more morality and social responsibility in these cases . They are heartless , so we have to create strict law and legislation . I 'm sorry . " Investigators arrested two brothers who sold milk used to produce the contaminated baby milk powder last week . They could face death if convicted , according to China Daily , a state-run newspaper . The raw milk had been watered down and the chemical added to fool quality checks , the newspaper said . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Watch CNN visit the company at the center of the scandal " But anger has been directed not just at the producers accused of adulterating their milk to increase profits , but also at government regulators , Time magazine reported . "  Xinhua was quick to blame the dairy industry for their skewed rules , but what it did n't say was that the government also played a part in that ugly game , " the magazine quoted a blogger , identified as sadmoon109 , as saying . Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . It also robs infants of much-needed nutrition . Thousands of tons of the tainted milk powder have been recalled . Melamine is the same industrial contaminant from China that poisoned and killed thousands of U.S. dogs and cats last year . The chemical , a byproduct of plastic manufacturing , can be used to mimic high-protein additives . Learn more about the chemical melamine " A senior dairy analyst said Chinese farmers were cutting corners to cope with rising costs for feed and labor . "  Before the melamine incident , I know they could have been adding organic stuff , say animal urine or skin , " Chen Lianfang of Beijing Orient Agribusiness Consultant told Time . "  Basically , anything that can boost the protein reading . " Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Head of China 's quality watchdog resigns over tainted baby formula scandal WHO representative said scandal shows up flaws in China 's food supply chain Four infants in China dead , 53,000 reported ill from tainted milk powder
CNN  -- At least 75 people have been killed in clashes in the Somali capital of Mogadishu since fighting broke out earlier this week between government forces and Al-Shabaab rebels , medical sources and a witness said Saturday . At least 30 people died on Wednesday , and another 35 died on Thursday , the city 's ambulance service said . Another five died of their wounds while hospitalized , according to Duniyo Ali Mohamed , medical director of Mogadishu 's Medina Hospital . A local journalist whose identity is not being disclosed for security reasons said he saw five other bodies in the capital . Mohamed said at least 170 people , including 21 children , were admitted to the hospital with injuries from the fighting between government forces and the rebels . Ninety-six remain hospitalized . Mohamed said two children lost their mothers ; one of the children was only 3 months old . A spokesman with the Mogadishu ambulance service told CNN that the service has picked up 148 wounded people since Wednesday , when the fighting began . He said he was particularly affected by the death of two children -- brothers who succumbed to their wounds when they arrived at the hospital . It was not immediately clear whether the two were included in the five dead from Medina Hospital . "  There is widespread hopelessness and despair in the city , " said the ambulance spokesman , who is not being identified for security reason . He said the last remaining residents in the battle area are fleeing for their lives . Much of the fighting Thursday occurred north of Mogadishu , where a majority of militants allied with Al-Shabaab are believed to be in control , authorities said . The state defense minister claimed victory in Wednesday 's fighting and said Al-Shabaab suffered heavy loses . The United States considers Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda proxy in the country , a terrorist organization . The group is waging a war against Somalia 's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law , or sharia . Somalia has not had a stable government since 1991 , and fighting between the rebels and government troops has escalated the humanitarian crisis in the famine-ravaged country . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Government forces , Al-Shabaab rebels fighting in Mogadishu At least 170 people , including 21 children , admitted to the hospital , medical director says U.S. considers Al-Shabaab , the al Qaeda proxy in the country , a terrorist organization
CNN  -- An al Qaeda-linked militant movement has taken control of a radio station in Somalia 's capital , the government announced Saturday . The weak central government claims the group is spreading propaganda from at least two radio stations , including Mogadishu 's Holy Quran radio , a private FM station , which it took earlier this week . Al-Shabaab earlier this year looted private radio equipment to use in a station , the government said . "  We strongly condemn these acts . They want to silence the independent media with brutality and intolerance , " said Abdirahman Omar Osman , Somalia 's minister of information . Al-Shabaab , which has pledged allegiance to al Qaeda , controls much of southern Somalia and portions of Mogadishu . It follows the strict Saudi Arabian-inspired Wahabi interpretation of Islam , rather than the Sufi Islam of many Somalis . "  Somalis in remote areas are not educated in the detail of Islam , " the transitional government said in a statement . "  They are vulnerable to radicalization and Al-Shabaab is intent on using radio as a means to impose their views and extreme interpretation of our faith and to brainwash the young men , women and children , especially in rural areas , where the number of educated people is limited . "  This is a serious issue as we see that the recent forced recruitment of young men and boys is occurring outside the capital Mogadishu . " The National Union of Somali Journalists  NUSOJ  condemned the takeover of Holy Quran Radio as a "  blatant crime . " In a statement issued earlier this week , al-Shabaab said all radio equipment belonged to Somali Muslims and that listeners in the capital will enjoy religious programs and other coverage . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Militant Islamic group controls radio stations Government says al-Shabaab is spreading propaganda It also says militants are recruiting young men , boys
CNN  For 12 years Adelma Cifuentes felt worthless , frightened and alone , never knowing when her abusive husband would strike . But as a young mother in rural Guatemala with three children and barely a third grade education , she thought there was no way out . What began as psychological torment , name-calling and humiliation turned into beatings so severe Cifuentes feared for her life . One day , two men sent by her husband showed up at her house armed with a shotgun and orders to kill her . They probably would have succeeded , but after the first bullet was fired , Cifuentes ' two sons dragged her inside . Still , in her deeply conservative community , it took neighbors two hours to call for help and Cifuentes lost her arm . But the abuse did n't stop there . When she returned home , Cifuentes ' husband continued his attacks and threatened to rape their little girl unless she left . That 's when the nightmare finally ended and her search for justice began . Cifuentes ' case is dramatic , but in Guatemala , where nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed , it 's hardly unusual . A 2012 Small Arms Survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala and the country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide . According to the United Nations , two women are killed there every day . There are many reasons why , beginning with the legacy of violence left in place after the country 's 36-year-old civil war . During the conflict , atrocities were committed against women , who were used as a weapon of war . In 1996 , a ceasefire agreement was reached between insurgents and the government . But what followed and what remains is a climate of terror , due to a deeply entrenched culture of impunity and discrimination . Military and paramilitary groups that committed barbaric acts during the war were integrated back into society without any repercussions . Many remain in power , and they have not changed the way they view women . Some 200,000 people were either killed or disappeared during the decades-long conflict , most of them from indigenous Mayan populations . Nearly 20 years later , according to the Security Sector Reform Resource Centre , levels of violent crime are higher in Guatemala than they were during the war . But despite the high homicide rate , the United Nations estimates 98 % of cases never make it to court . Women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted gender bias and culture of misogyny . In many cases , femicide -- the killing of a woman simply because of her gender -- is carried out with shocking brutality with some of the same strategies used during the war , including rape , torture and mutilation . Mexican drug cartels , organized criminal groups and local gangs are contributing to the vicious cycle of violence and lawlessness . Authorities investigating drug-related killings are stretched thin , leaving fewer resources to investigate femicides . In many cases , crime is not reported because of fear of retaliation . Many consider the Guatamalen National Civil Police , or PNC , corrupt , under-resourced and ineffective . Even if a case does get prosecuted , according to Human Rights Watch , the country 's weak judicial system has proved incapable of handling the explosion in violence . Perhaps one of the biggest challenges facing women in Guatemala is the country 's deeply rooted patriarchal society . According to María Machicado Terán , the representative of U.N. women in Guatemala , "  80 % of men believe that women need permission to leave the house , and 70 % of women surveyed agreed . " This prevailing culture of machismo and an institutionalized acceptance of brutality against women leads to high rates of violence . Rights groups say machismo not only condones violence , it places the blame on the victim . The political will to address violence against women is slow to materialize . "  Politicians do n't think women are important , " says former Secretary General of the Presidential Secretariat for Women Elizabeth Quiroa . "  Political parties use women for elections . They give them a bag of food and people sell their dignity for this because they are poor . " Lack of education is a major contributor to this poverty . Many girls , especially in indigenous communities do n't go to school because the distance from their house to the classroom is too far . Quiroa says "  They are subject to rape , violence and forced participation in the drug trade . " Although the situation for girls and women in Guatemala is alarming , there are signs the culture of discrimination may be slowly changing . With the help of an organization known as CICAM , or Centro de Investigación , Cifuentes was finally able to escape her husband and get the justice she deserved . He is now spending 27 years behind bars . Cifuentes is using her painful past to provide hope and healing to others through art . Since 2008 , she and four other abuse survivors known as La Poderosas , or "  The Powerful , " have been appearing in a play based on their real life stories . The show not only empowers other women and discusses the problem of violence openly , but it also offers suggestions for change . And it 's having an impact . Women have started breaking their silence and asking where they can get support . Men are reacting , too . One of the main characters , Lesbia Téllez , says during one presentation , a man stood up and started crying when he realized how he had treated his wife and how his mother had been treated . He said he wanted to be different . The taboo topic of gender-based violence is also being acknowledged and recognized in a popular program targeting one of Guatemala 's most vulnerable groups , indigenous Mayan girls . In 2004 , with help from the United Nations and other organizations , the Population Council launched a community-based club known as Abriendo Oportunidades , or "  Opening Opportunities " . The goal is to provide girls with a safe place to learn about their rights and reach their full potential . Senior Program Coordinator Alejandra Colom says the issue of violence is discussed and girls are taught how to protect themselves . "  They then share this information with their mothers and for the first time , they realize they are entitled to certain rights . " Colom adds that mothers then become invested in sending their daughters to the clubs and this keeps them more visible and less prone to violence . The Guatemalan government is also moving in the right direction to address the problem of violence against women . In 2008 , the Congress passed a law against femicide . Two years later the attorney general 's office created a specialized court to try femicides and other violent crimes against women . In 2012 , the government established a joint task force for crimes against women , making it easier for women to access justice by making sure victims receive the assistance they need . The government has also established a special 24-hour court to attend to femicide cases . On the global front , the International Violence Against Women Act was introduced in the U.S. Congress in 2007 ; it has been pending ever since . But last week the act was reintroduced in both the House and Senate . If approved , it would make reducing levels of gender-based violence a U.S. foreign policy priority . Pehaps the most immediate and effective help is coming from International nongovernmental organizations , which are on the front lines of the fight against gender-based discrimination in Guatemala . Ben Weingrod , a senior policy advocate at the global poverty fighting group CARE , says , "  We work to identify and challenge harmful social norms that perpetuate violence . Our work includes engaging men and boys as champions of change and role models , and facilitating debates to change harmful norms and create space for more equitable relationships between men and women . " But the job is far from over . While there is tempered optimism and hope for change , the problem of gender-based violence in Guatemala is one that needs international attention and immediate action . Cifuentes is finding strength through the theater and the support of other abuse survivors , which has allowed her to move forward . But millions of other women trapped in a cycle of violence are facing dangerous and frightening futures . For them , it 's a race against time and help can not come soon enough .	Gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala According to the United Nations , two women are killed in Guatemala every day Five abuse survivors known as La Poderosas have been appearing in a play based on their real life stories
The top U.S. military commander in the fight against ISIS said airstrikes are working to erode the terror group 's capabilities and warned militants that the U.S. military is listening to them . Army Gen. Lloyd Austin , who heads the U.S. Central Command , made those remarks at an event Thursday with the Atlantic Council , which was moderated by CNN anchor and Chief Washington Correspondent Jake Tapper . "  I 'm confident we 're having the desired effects , " Austin said of airstrikes in Syria and Iraq aimed at ISIS . "  What we want to do is take away the enemies ' ability to command and control , his ability to sustain himself , his ability to project combat power and his ability to move forces back and forth across the Iraq/Syria border . " Latest strikes target Khorasan group Austin said coalition airstrikes on Wednesday were focused on the Khorasan group . Senior military officials told CNN one of the targets was French bomb-maker David Drugeon . Austin said the military was still assessing the impact of those strikes and would not say whether or not Drugeon was killed . But , he noted that "  any time we can take their leadership out that 's a good thing . " Austin said there is evidence that the U.S.-led coalition is gaining the upper hand against ISIS . "  They are afraid to congregate in any sizable formation . They know if we can see them , we 're going to engage them and we 're going to hit what we 're aiming at . " Children say ISIS captured , beat them on way home from exams We can hear you ... Austin also said the strikes have significantly degraded the group 's ability to communicate and added the coalition was able to listen in on ISIS communications . "  As we listen to them , we know that the impact of the precision strikes is demoralizing to them . " The general responded to questions about ISIS militants getting access to warplanes , after the militants were seen on their social media channels with a number of captured aircraft . "  I do n't think that 's currently a significant threat . I know I have some fighter pilots who are hopeful that happens , " he said , drawing chuckles from the crowd . ISIS still has the capability to continue in the fight , the general said , despite what he pointed to as successes from the coalition side . "  I think the question is how soon can we get the Iraqi military up to speed to do what they need to do to hold those gains . " Austin acknowledged the ISIS propaganda effort was having a major impact in recruitment for the group . "  They really understand the value of dominating the media space . I think they 're about as good as I 've seen . " He said their numbers of committed fighters was likely between 9,000-17 ,000 , a figure much lower than previous U.S. estimates . Austin echoed other comments from military leaders that the fight against ISIS will be years long but said , "  I do n't see it as decades . I see it as years . " ISIS kills 300 members of Sunni tribe ` Turkey has skin in the game ' One member of the coalition has caused a certain amount of controversy . Turkey has limited use of its airspace and military bases despite pledging to help in the effort . "  Turkey has skin in the game here , obviously . It 's got a set of concerns and we need to be mindful of that , " Austin said , adding that the coalition would "  get it done " with or without more support from the Turks . "  The more access and over-flight rights we can get , the better off we 'll be . " Tapper asked about speculation ISIS was receiving financing from U.S. ally Qatar , and how successful the coalition had been at stopping the outside funding of the group . "  I think some things have been done but I think most folks in U.S. government will tell you , there 's a lot more work that can be done and needs to be done , " Austin said . The event was open to the media but cameras were prohibited from filming the session and a previously scheduled live stream of the event by the Atlantic Council was canceled at the request of CENTCOM . CENTCOM said it agreed to the event under the auspices that it was a "  scholarly discussion . " CNN and other broadcast outlets protested the decision . Obama writes letter to Iran 's Ayatollah Khamenei about ISIS fight	Gen. Lloyd Austin heads the United States Central Command Austin said he has seen evidence the U.S.-led coalition is gaining upper hand against ISIS General wants Turkey to grant coalition more access , over-flight rights
CNN  -- Italy 's parliamentary elections kick off Sunday , with polls suggesting the center-left -- led by Pier Luigi Bersani -- is on track to defeat controversial three-time prime minister Silvio Berlusconi . But Berlusconi 's rise in the polls in recent weeks , combined with widespread public disillusionment , means that nothing about the race is a foregone conclusion . Who are the candidates ? The two-day election is a four-horse race between political coalitions led by Bersani , Berlusconi , outgoing premier Mario Monti , and the anti-establishment movement led by ex-comedian Beppe Grillo . Polls are banned within two weeks of the elections , but the most recent ones had Bersani holding onto a slender lead over Berlusconi . Grillo was a distant third . Italy 's political system encourages the forming of alliances . For example , the Democratic Party has teamed with the more left-wing Left Ecology Freedom party . The center-left alliance is dominated by the Democratic Party , led by Bersani . The 61-year-old Bersani comes across as "  bluff and homespun , and that 's part of his appeal -- or not , depending on your point of view , " said political analyst James Walston , department chair of international relations at the American University of Rome . He described Bersani , a former communist , as a "  revised apparatchik , " saying the reform-minded socialist was paradoxically "  far more of a free marketeer than even people on the right . " At second place in the polls is the center-right alliance led by Berlusconi 's PdL , in coalition with the right-wing , anti-immigration Northern League . Berlusconi has given conflicting signals as to whether he is running for the premiership , indicating that he would seek the job if his coalition won , but contradicting that on other occasions . The septuagenarian playboy billionaire nicknamed "  Il Cavaliere " has been campaigning as a Milan court weighs his appeal against a tax fraud conviction , for which he was sentenced to four years in jail last year . The verdict will be delivered after the elections ; however , under the Italian legal system , he is entitled to a further appeal in a higher court . Because the case dates to July 2006 , the statute of limitations will expire this year , meaning there is a good chance none of the defendants will serve any prison time . Why are elections taking place now ? Italian parliamentarians are elected for five-year terms , with the current one due to end in April . But in December , Berlusconi 's People of Freedom Party  PdL  withdrew its support from the reformist government led by Mario Monti , saying it was pursuing policies that "  were too German-centric . " Monti subsequently resigned , and the parliament was dissolved .	Bersani 's center-left alliance leads Berlusconi 's center-right alliance in polls But Berlusconi 's recent improvement could make for a tightly contested race Elections are early because the ex-prime minister resigned and parliament dissolved
Washington  CNN  -- Lawyers within the Obama administration disagreed with the president 's decision that U.S. participation in the NATO-led Libyan military mission does n't come under the War Powers Resolution , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday . President Barack Obama is in a stand-off with House Speaker John Boehner over the issue , and Congress might vote on measures to restrict funding for the mission this week to protest what Boehner says is Obama 's violation of the war powers law . The president disagrees , based on a legal analysis of the situation backed by his general counsel , the State Department and Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Carney said . "  This is not a unanimous legal decision within the administration , and it would be shocking if it were , " Carney said in reference to what he called constant debate over the war powers measure since it was passed in 1973 . " ... But the president makes the decision . Obviously , his White House  and  State Department lawyer also agree with his assessment , and we feel very confident that the legal reasoning is sound . " Carney also noted that Justice Department lawyers took part in the discussion , but he did n't include them among those he listed as supporting Obama . "  As the Justice Department has stated publicly , its views were heard , " Carney told reporters . House Republican sources told CNN on Monday that several options are under consideration for votes this week -- probably Thursday -- to exert some congressional control over the Libya mission . No decision will be made on how to proceed until GOP legislators return Tuesday from a long weekend in their districts . Cafferty : Should Congress cut off funding ? One idea is a vote to prohibit funding for any ground troops in Libya . Obama has pledged no ground forces will be sent to the mission , and the House Republican sources said the proposal would be intended to prevent any possible escalation in the mission and give legislators a chance to express their disapproval . "  Ultimately  the legislation  needs to have enough teeth for it to be to worth it , " said one senior House GOP aide . The House already was planning to take up the 2012 defense spending bill this week , and legislators including liberal Democratic Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio intend to propose an amendment to cut off funding for the Libya mission . According to the House GOP sources , separate votes on the Libya mission are likely before the defense bill comes up in order to allow legislators to signal their displeasure through legislation that does n't go as far as the proposal by Kucinich . In addition , House members were further angered by news of strong disagreement within the Obama administration over the president 's analysis of whether the Libya mission came under the War Powers Resolution . GPS : Debate over War Powers Resolution The New York Times reported Saturday that a lead attorney for the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel as well as counsel at the Pentagon argued internally that the president needs congressional authorization for the Libya mission , and the president overruled them . Carney 's comments Monday acknowledged the disagreements , but portrayed them as part of the normal discourse on the war powers legislation . "  For me to get up and tell you that by some miracle , every lawyer in this administration was in agreement on that issue , you would n't believe me , because it 's simply been too contentious for now 38 years , " Carney said . Even if the House passes measures intended to limit funding for the Libya mission , it is unlikely the Senate would do the same . On Sunday , two influential Republican senators said Congress should support the military campaign to send the proper message to allies and foes . "  The president 's done a lousy job of communicating and managing our involvement in Libya , but I will be no part of an effort to defund Libya or to try to cut off our efforts to bring  Libyan leader Moammar  Gadhafi down , " conservative Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina told NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " later adding that Obama "  needs to step up his game with Libya but Congress should sort of shut up and not empower Gadhafi . " Gates also backed the Libyan mission , saying Obama was right to limit the scope of U.S. involvement and that he believes the president has complied with the War Powers Resolution . "  What was going on in Libya was considered vital interest by some of our closest allies . Those are the same allies that have come to our support and assistance in Afghanistan , " Gates told CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  And so it seems to me the kind of limited measured role that the president decided on , in support of our allies who did consider it a vital interest , is a legitimate way to look at this problem . " One of the GOP sources noted that the Republican leadership is facing the same dilemma it did earlier this month , when Kucinich was pushing a resolution that would have withdrawn all U.S. forces from the Libya mission . To prevent that from passing , Boehner was forced to counter with a watered-down version that gave the president two weeks to send Congress information justifying the U.S. strategy in Libya . Obama responded with a report to Congress last week that argued the limited role of U.S. forces in the NATO-led Libya mission failed to constitute engaging in hostilities as defined by the War Power Resolution . On Friday , Boehner said he specifically asked if the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel agreed with the administration 's legal analysis , and that the White House 's failure to answer that question made cutting funds for the mission a possibility . "  The House of Representatives will not allow the White House to continue skirting its obligations to the American people , this Congress , and the laws of this nation , " Boehner said in a statement . "  Over the coming week , our members will review all options available to hold the administration to account . " Passed in 1973 , the War Powers Resolution gives the president 60 days to get congressional approval for sending U.S. forces to war , followed by a 30-day extension to end the hostilities . That 90-day period ended Sunday . In the Senate , Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Democratic Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts have drafted a resolution that supports the Libyan mission . If adopted by Congress , the resolution would serve as congressional authorization under the War Powers Resolution , they say . Congressional opponents of the Libya mission include liberals such as Kucinich who generally oppose any war effort , as well as some Republicans who complain its objective of civilian protection fails to match the stated U.S. goal of Gadhafi 's ouster . The opponents also say the Libya situation could become a stalemate that drains resources at a time of mounting federal deficits that must be addressed . The White House , however , says incremental progress is occurring through increasing diplomatic , political and military pressure on Gadhafi to step down . Carney has repeatedly emphasized that Obama had kept his word to the American people that the initial U.S. leadership role in the mission would get reduced to a supporting role , and no U.S. ground troops would take part . Even though the Senate in March unanimously passed a nonbinding resolution supporting a no-fly zone over Libya , some Republicans now express total opposition to the U.S. support for that effort . In its report on the mission , titled "  United States Activities in Libya , " the administration said the cost of military and humanitarian operations through June 3 was about $ 800 million . It estimated the total cost through September 30 would be $ 1.1 billion . CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Dan Lothian and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The dispute involves the U.S. role in the NATO-led Libya military mission President Obama decided he did n't need war powers authorization from Congress House Speaker Boehner warns Congress may try to cut mission funding over the issue
This has been a big week for food product recalls and the risk of food borne illness . Seven confirmed and three likely cases of E. coli infection linked to raw clover sprouts have been reported , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Thursday . The patients are all in either Idaho or Washington . Half the people who have fallen ill have been hospitalized . Preliminary investigations indicate the likely source of this outbreak are raw clover sprouts produced by Evergreen Fresh Sprouts LLC of Idaho , the CDC said . The state departments of health in Washington and Idaho are telling consumers not to eat raw clover sprouts produced by Evergreen Fresh Sprouts . Meanwhile , hummus and dip products totaling about 14,860 pounds are being voluntarily recalled by Lansal Inc. amid concerns about possible bacterial contamination . At the same time , Sherman Produce is recalling some bulk and packaged walnuts sold to retailers in Missouri and Illinois . These two recalls are precautionary measures against possible Listeria monocytogenes , which may cause serious and even fatal infections in people with weakened immune systems , such as the elderly . No illnesses have been reported in connection with either recall , the respective companies said . Both companies advise consumers who bought the recalled products to throw them out or return them for a full refund . The products should not be eaten . Also this week , the USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service said 1.8 million pounds of ground beef products were being recalled because they could be contaminated with a strain of E.coli . Consequences of food-borne bacteria Escherichia coli is a large group of bacteria ; most are harmless , while some can cause serious illness . The strain involved in the sprout-linked outbreak is Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli O121 . E. coli infection can lead to severe diarrhea , abdominal pain and vomiting , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . Most people recover within seven days , but some have severe complications , the CDC said . A type of kidney failure called hemolytic-uremic syndrome may result ; the elderly and children under 5 are most at risk . Most listeria infections may not be noticed because the symptoms are mild , according to the Mayo Clinic . Symptoms of a listeria infection in an otherwise healthy person include fever , muscle aches , stiff neck , headache , loss of balance and convulsions , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Diarrhea or other gastrointestinal problems may occur before these symptoms . Pregnant women infected with listeria may suffer miscarriages , premature delivery or stillbirths . The newborn may have a serious infection if the mother has been sick with it . Why sprouts ? Evergreen Fresh Sprouts was also involved in a 2011 salmonella outbreak . Consumers then were discouraged from eating the brand 's alfalfa sprouts and spicy sprouts . Sprouts have a history of being involved in bacterial infection outbreaks . According to a study commissioned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation , the warm , moist conditions that are conducive to growing bumper crops of sprouts are also an ideal breeding ground for bacteria . In the study , Kevin Allen , a microbiology professor at the University of British Columbia , tested 44 samples of prepackaged sprouts  as well as 48 samples of leafy greens and 58 samples of various herbs  and found , "  Over 78 % of sprouts had levels of microorganisms too numerous to count . " Why sprouts make you sick Hummus and dips In the case of Lansal , the Texas Department of Health identified the potential for listeria contamination while routinely testing a Target Archer Farms Traditional Hummus product . "  Lansal Inc. is voluntarily recalling all products manufactured at the same facility and distributed to both wholesalers and retailers during the same time , " the company said . See a list of recalled products Included in this recall are some Target Archer Farms hummus products nationwide . Certain Giant Eagle hummus products in Pennsylvania , West Virginia , Ohio and Maryland are also affected . Trader Joe 's 5 Layered Dip , both large and small , with a use-by date of April 15 is being recalled in Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , Ohio and Wisconsin . The 8-ounce container of Trader Joe 's Edamame Hummus is recalled in 17 states with use-by dates of April 28 , April 29 and May 9 . Some plastic containers of Tryst Yellow Lentil Hummus with Sunflower Seeds & Apricots are also affected . "  Lansal Inc. has contacted all impacted retail customers and distributors instructing them to remove all affected product from sale and is working with the appropriate agencies including state departments of health , the Food and Drug Administration and local authorities , " the company said . The Lansal consumer question line is 877-550-0694 . Walnuts Sherman Produce said it was recalling "  241 cases of bulk walnuts packaged in 25 lb bulk cardboard boxes and Schnucks brand 10 oz trays with UPC 00338390032 with best by dates 03/15 and 04/15 . " An FDA sampling detected Listeria monocytogenes in walnuts at the facility . Sherman Produce can be reached for questions at 314-231-2896 . Stores may have received tainted beef Food safety tips from a pro Summer food safety : Do n't get sick from your picnic	E. coli outbreak linked to sprouts with patients in Washington and Idaho Listeria monocytogenes , a bacterium , spurs recall of hummus , dip and walnuts Listeria infection symptoms can be mild but may be serious in vulnerable people
CNN  -- During the civil rights era , Alabama Gov. George Wallace was asked by a supporter why he was fixated on the politics of race . Wallace replied , "  You know , I tried to talk about good roads and good schools and all these things that have been part of my career , and nobody listened . And then I began talking about n * ggers , and they stomped the floor . " In the 1980s , during the rise of the gay rights movement , North Carolina Sen. Jesse Helms accused a political opponent for supporting "  f * ggots , perverts -LSB- and -RSB- sexual deviates of this nation . " Today , opponents of immigration reform attack undocumented immigrants as "  illegal immigrants . " Even worse , like anti-immigration extremists , some prominent elected officials use the term "  illegals . " Maine Gov. Paul LePage , a Republican , said , "  I urge all Mainers to tell your city councilors and selectmen to stop handing out your money to illegals . " Not the same thing ? Of course it is . Once upon a time , the n-word and f-word were utterly acceptable terminology in undermining not only the basic rights but basic humanity of black people and gay people . That those terms seem radically inappropriate and out of step with mainstream culture now is only because social movements and legal and political changes have shifted the landscape . But make no mistake about it , words matter , not only in reflecting certain dehumanizing attitudes toward historically marginalized groups but in actively perpetuating and rationalizing that dehumanization . Even now , as some people go to courts to suppress the ability of women to make decisions about their own bodies and contraceptive choices , women who stand up for reproductive freedom are being called "  sluts " and "  whores . " Recently , I watched the stunning film , "  Documented , " on CNN and posted my reactions on Twitter . The responses I got were mostly positive but some conservatives took issue with me . For instance , someone tweeted at me : "  How about you donate 100 % of your $ to help poor American children & not illegals " -- as though American kids are worthy and deserving and undocumented immigrant kids are not . ' I did n't know I was undocumented ' Another tweeted : "  Stop disease from coming into the US . Build the wall ! " -- again , not a humane reaction but an us-versus-them mindset that reduces immigrants to a public health threat . When I tweeted that I was "  consistently troubled by -LSB- the -RSB- number of people who seem to feel more compassion toward puppies on the Internet than undocumented humans , " among the many blistering replies I received was , "  Do the internet puppies have scabies ... ? " Other responses compared undocumented immigrants to "  invaders " and "  child abusers . " Come on , people . Is it not possible to oppose immigrant rights without resorting to attacking immigrants as human beings ? The intensity of the anti-immigrant rhetoric is stunning . Even if you do n't support a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants , ca n't you find some compassion for them as human beings who live on the same planet ? After all , whether you think our immigration laws are properly functioning or not , the forces of economic hardship and violence that push people to leave their home countries and the promise of a better future in America that pulls people here are the same forces that pushed and pulled on many of our ancestors . Protesters block buses carrying undocumented immigrants in California Plus we know that American industries that rely on low-wage workers and actively lure undocumented immigrants to our country sometimes offer promises of official paperwork that never materialize . The organization Race Forward has a campaign to get media organizations to "  Drop The I-Word " in their reporting about immigration . So far , the campaign has succeeded in getting the Associated Press , USA Today , the Los Angeles Times and many other outlets to stop using the word . But the pressure continues on The New York Times , The Washington Post and radio and television outlets . And the campaign around media usage is just one step toward influencing and ultimately ending the use of the word "  illegal " by everyone in America . Vargas : Undocumented and hiding in plain sight As the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. once said , "  The arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward justice . " The history of the United States that anti-immigration activists profess to defend is one perpetually defined by inclusion rather than exclusion . Our notion of our nation expanded over time to include black people and women and gay people and others who were most marginalized previously . As we celebrate the signing of the 1964 Civil Rights Act 50 years ago this month , we 're reminded of protests in the lead up to that moment in which black men carried signs that simply read , "  I AM A MAN . " And as we look back on the 45th anniversary of the landmark gay liberation protests set off at the Stonewall Bar in New York , we remember protests where gay men and lesbians carried signs that simply said , "  GAY IS GOOD . " Today , most people find the n-word and the f-word incredibly offensive . Let 's hope that most if not all people will feel the same way about the words "  illegals " and "  illegal immigrants " in the not too distant future .	The film "  Documented " airs 9 p.m. ET Saturday , July 5 , on CNN Sally Kohn : The n-word and f-word are considered bad , but what about "  illegals ? " Kohn : Some words reflect our dehumanizing attitude toward marginalized people She says despite heated debates over immigration , people should have compassion
Santa Monica , California  CNN  -- The alleged East Coast mobster and his girlfriend were known as Charlie and Carol Gasko , a May-December couple living in the heart of sunny Southern California , just two blocks from the beach and an upscale outdoor mall , in a town known for its unapologetic liberalism . But their real names were James "  Whitey " Bulger , 81 , and Catherine Elizabeth Greig , 60 . And recently , Greig had been telling friends that Bulger was showing signs of Alzheimer 's and was suffering depression , unable to sleep or to get out of bed , neighbor Catalina Schlank told CNN . One manager of a restaurant just down the street recalled how the alleged gangster and his girlfriend liked the privacy of a far corner table and once worked up a $ 192 bill , plus tip , for a steak and lobster dinner , accompanied by foie gras , vodka highballs and chardonnay . Until this week , Bulger had been on the lam for 16 years and was on the FBI 's Top 10 Most Wanted list , facing charges in 19 mob-related murders . Bulger was arrested Wednesday after he was lured out of his apartment by an FBI ruse : He received a phone call and was told that his lockbox had been broken into in the basement parking lot area of his apartment building . When Bulger went down to check it out , FBI agents arrested him , a source said Friday . His longtime girlfriend was arrested inside the apartment , where the FBI later found 30 firearms , authorities said . Bulger 's alleged barbarity as an Irish-American mobster in Boston inspired the Jack Nicholson character in Martin Scorsese 's 2006 film "  The Departed . " For the past several years , the couple hid in plain sight in this palm-tree-lined oceanside city by Los Angeles . They were largely quiet , polite neighbors who occasionally helped Schlank carry her groceries or newspaper , said Schlank , who lives in the same building as Bulger and Greig . Out of generosity , Bulger even gave her a flashlight for her first-floor apartment . They lived in a three-story building named Princess Eugenia , which features pine trees , a brick stoop and a rose bed . It was clear that the couple did n't want to be bothered : They did n't answer their phone , and an answering service would take messages , Schlank said Friday . "  He was a handsome , old man , " Schlank said . "  She was beautiful . " Bulger often wore a hat and pulled down the brim , said Schlank , who at age 88 is the most senior tenant in the building , having lived there since 1974 . "  She was a very nice person to me -- they both were , " she said . But the couple kept boundaries , Schlank said . "  They were kind of secretive . Even on the phone , you could n't call them , " Schlank said . "  Sometimes , I wanted to give them a tip of stuff on sale . " Schlank was put off by the answering service . "  After a while , I said forget about it , " she said . Another neighbor , Denise Walsh , who lives four doors down from apartment 303 , where Bulger and Greig lived for up to 15 years , said the couple often walked hand-in-hand and stopped to pet dogs , telling people they were canine lovers . "  He was very avuncular , she was very sweet . They were very kind people from my knowledge of them , " Walsh said . But when she learned of the allegations against Bulger this week , she felt frightened , Walsh said . "  I actually was really shaking because I was really saddened to know it was them , " Walsh said . "  It 's like finding out your grandparents are murderers . " The couple held a status address on Santa Monica 's Third Street . Just two blocks down is the city 's popular tourist and commercial strip , called the Third Street Promenade , a breezy , open-air corridor of stores , restaurants and street performers . Several blocks up the street is an intersection with Montana Avenue , a boutique and restaurant district catering to Santa Monica 's more affluent residents . Celebrities also frequent the blocks-long strip of one-story storefronts . In between those districts was Bulger 's and Greig 's apartment . Their fake name , Gasko , is still on the doorbell list of tenants . Their stucco building sits in a dense knot of apartments and million-dollar condos -- in which residents largely mind their own business unless someone strikes up a conversation , neighbors said . For an alleged gangster steeped in the baseball-bat brutality of Boston violence , Bulger and his girlfriend chose an unlikely destination to live , neighbors said . Santa Monica is known for its its left-leaning politics , with heavy restrictions on public smoking and a citywide emphasis on recycling and going green . Its nickname is "  The People 's Republic of Santa Monica . " It was amid this bustle of pedestrian-friendly and tourist-loving activity that mobster and moll avoided detection -- until the FBI began a publicity campaign focusing on the girlfriend this month . "  Was he even hiding ? " asked Frank Quinn , 45 , a copier salesman who works down the street from the Bulger apartment . Quinn made a visit to the apartment building Friday , because he 's from a suburb south of Boston , Dedham . As a youth , he knew well the name of Whitey Bulger in that city 's Irish-Catholic community , Quinn said . Bulger 's reputation was one of "  a guy you did n't mess with , " he said . "  He was all cash , " Quinn said , referring to the FBI 's reported discovery of more than $ 800,000 hidden in the apartment . One resident found Bulger 's ability to enjoy life just blocks from her alarming . She was surprised by how the couple enjoyed a rent-controlled unit , in which the city limits annual rent increases by landlords . "  It 's really mind-boggling , " said Madeline Davis Heller , an arbitrator who was walking her mixed-breed dog , Sallie , past the Bulger apartment Friday . "  Santa Monica is notorious for rent control and background checks . I do n't know how they got past . "  But they did have all this forgery stuff , " she added , referring to the FBI having found fake IDs for the couple in their apartment . Bulger and Greig sometimes did step out at local institutions and dined at Michael 's restaurant two blocks down the street . It 's a white-tablecloth establishment of 32 years , known for attracting Hollywood producers , said general manager Andrew Turner , 41 . The couple dined there a few times in recent years and made reservations under the name of "  Mr. Gasko " on the OpenTable Internet reservation service , Turner said . They kept to themselves and always sat at Table 23 in the corner of the garden patio , at the back of the restaurant , lush with trees and plants , Turner said . He said he shook hands with the couple , as he does with all diners . Owner and cookbook author Michael McCarty has created a cozy space that includes art in oils and pencil for his guests . "  They were pleasant , but they kind of kept to themselves and certainly did not have , as far as I can tell , any interaction with any other guests , " Turner said . In September 2009 , Bulger and Greig had two Grey Goose vodka cocktails , two chardonnays , and an appetizer of foie gras . For an entree , Bulger had a 10-ounce , 28-day aged New York strip steak , and Greig had lobster , Turner said . The tab : $ 192 plus tip . The couple paid cash , Turner said .	Neighbor : I actually was really shaking because I was really saddened to know it was them " Mobster James "  Whitey " Bulger , 81 , had signs of Alzheimer 's , his girlfriend told a neighbor He was also depressed and had trouble sleeping and getting out of bed , the neighbor says The mobster and moll hid in plain sight amid the bustle of coastal Santa Monica
CNN  -- Starting this week , United 's much-anticipated new 787 Dreamliner will be taking to the skies between Los Angeles and Tokyo , marking the carrier 's first regular international route using the new aircraft . Flight 32 is set to leave Los Angeles at 11:15 a.m. Thursday , arriving in Tokyo at 4:10 p.m. the next day . United made its domestic debut of the plane in November , carrying more than 200 passengers from Texas to Chicago . United says the Dreamliner "  will revolutionize the flying experience for United customers and crews while delivering unprecedented operating efficiency , comfort and lower emissions . " The Boeing aircraft was plagued by cost overruns and manufacturing delays for years before the first Dreamliner was delivered to Japan 's All Nippon Airways in 2011 . United was the first U.S. carrier to fly paying customers on the 787 . U.S. routes announced for ` sports car in the sky '	United puts Dreamliner on first regularly scheduled international route The Boeing 787 will be used in service between Los Angeles and Tokyo United debuted the Dreamliner for domestic service in November
CNN  -- A Spanish National Police investigation into two Madrid prostitution rings led to the rescue of a captive 19-year-old woman who was tattooed with a barcode on her wrist after she tried to escape the ring , authorities said Saturday . The bar code served as a form of identity for the woman and as certificate of "  ownership " by one prostitution ring , and beneath the bar code was also tattooed the amount of money she owed the ring , police said . Held hostage by a pimp , the woman had multiple lesions from being beaten and whipped , and her head and eyebrows were shaven because she tried to flee , police said . CNN Freedom Project In all , police disbanded two prostitution rings along Madrid 's Montera Street that were operated by two Romanian nationals -- an uncle and his nephew -- and authorities arrested a total of 22 people , including the two relatives , in Madrid and Getafe , police said . When the 19-year-old woman tried to escape , the uncle advised the nephew to tie the woman to a radiator and not feed her , police said . Among items seized by authorities were three illegal firearms , numerous swords and machetes , gold jewelry , five automobiles and $ 185,696 in Euros , more than half of which was hidden in a double roof of the home of one ring leader , police said . The ring leaders forced women , including underage girls , into prostitution , and members of the rings collected the money and controlled the rented floors of buildings where the women were forced into prostitution , police said . The prostitution ring members referred to the women as "  packages , " "  suitcases , " or "  bicycles , " police said .	A 19-year-old woman forced into prostitution tries to escape but fails Ring leader tattoos a bar code on her wrist to mark his "  ownership " Beneath the bar code is the tattooed amount of money she owes the ring Two arrested Romanian men -- an uncle and nephew -- are accused of being ring leaders
Barack Obama 's father was more abusive and violent than the president was aware of , according to his half-brother , who has written a memoir about their father . Mark Obama Ndesandjo , who is several years younger than the President , described their father as a brilliant man . But he was also an alcoholic , a "  social failure " and an abusive husband , he said . "  I remember the sounds of my mothers ' screams and I remember the sounds of breaking , things breaking , " he told CNN . "  And I remember that I could n't protect her . That 's something that no child ever forgets . " He said he especially remembered a violent episode when he was 6 or 7 . "  My father actually broke -- came in the door , against the restraining order , and held a knife to my mother 's throat , " he said . Barack Obama apparently met their father once because his parents got divorced soon after he was born . Ndesandjo and the president have the same father , but Obama 's mother was the second wife while Ndesandjo 's mother was his third wife . Unlike Obama , Ndesandjo grew up with his father . The president is lucky he never lived with his father , according to David Maraniss , author of "  Barack Obama : The Story . " "  It would have been a much more difficult upbringing , " he said . Divergent views of family history have caused some strain among Obama relatives , according to Ndesandjo . "  Barack I do n't think accepts -- or at least does not want to know -- the details of the beatings that occurred in our family , " he said . "  I love my brother . He 's a great president . Sometimes he 's a lousy brother . " The White House did not respond to e-mails and phone calls Thursday about the president 's half-brother 's book . But in a 2009 interview with CNN , the president said he was not blind to the flaws of his father . "  It 's no secret that my father was a troubled person . Anybody who has read my first book , "  Dreams from My Father , " knows that , you know , he had an alcoholism problem , that he did n't treat his families very well , " he said . "  Obviously it 's a sad part of my history and my background . But it 's not something that I spend a lot of time brooding over . " Ndesandjo and Obama have several things in common : similar good looks , biracial ethnicity , the same father and each had an American mother . Despite their similarities , this is not the first time the two have been at odds . When they first met in Kenya in the 1980s , Ndesandjo was growing up there and trying to connect with his American roots , he said . At the time , Obama came from America and was "  really looking for that African side of him , and was trying to find more about himself and his identity . And I respect that . But I also felt that there was a rejection of a lot of Western culture , " Ndesandjo said . "  I felt that my brother -- at that time - felt that I was too white , " he said . "  And I thought he was too black . " When they first met , Ndesandjo said , his half-brother came on strong . "  That imposing voice , and also that commanding presence -- he was almost like a barracuda with his questions , " Ndesandjo said . But even if their diverging views of the Obama family 's history sometimes put the two siblings at odds , Ndesandjo said there were also things he was grateful for . His brother 's example , he said , helped him re-embrace the Obama name that he had long shunned . And some years ago , when they met after 20 years of separation , they shared some good times . "  We laughed , and we hugged , and that was one of the most wonderful moments of my life . And Barack made it possible , " he said . Ndesandjo , who lives near Hong Kong , hopes to raise awareness of domestic violence when the book is published in February . Some of the proceeds , he said , will go to his foundation for disadvantaged children .	"  I remember the sounds of my mothers ' screams , " Mark Obama Ndesandjo says Barack Obama apparently met their father once The president 's parents got divorced soon after he was born
CNN  -- When the Mayan "  Long Count " calendar ends on Friday , December 21 , some people predict it could mark the end of the world as we know it . But despite the attention that December 21 is garnering , many apocalyptic believers do n't actually give much thought to the hype surrounding the Mayan calendar . Some doomsday believers pinpointed 2012 as a pretty good year for disastrous solar flares , giant asteroids or global pole shifts that could likewise signal the apocalypse . Other theories that may or may not happen this year involve the Rapture , the catastrophic collapse of civilization or even a zombie uprising . There is diversity among apocalyptic "  prepper " groups , and to paint them all with a broad stroke of the crazy brush is to ignore the nuances in what these various groups believe . John Hall , author of "  Apocalypse : From Antiquity to the Empire of Modernity , " said groups organized around 2012 end-of-world predictions -- driven by pseudoscientific or numerological predictions -- are "  more fanciful " than some other doomsday believers . That 's because they look toward dramatic external events , as opposed to others that approach theories with a "  fair amount of scientific basis , " such as the disappearance of natural resources . Read more : The apocalypse , by the numbers Although Hall and his colleagues have spent years trying to define or connect them , the groups can be as hard to explain as their disparate beliefs . "  It 's not like a pie of apocalyptic stories that can be divided up so much as it is a story where people coming from many different places can ... express the urgency of the crisis they foresee , " Hall said . For instance , Hall said the survivalists -- both those of the fundamentalist religious persuasion and the nonreligious -- are looking to opt out of post-apocalyptic strife . That analysis applies to Dan Martin , a survivalist living off the grid and author of "  Apocalypse : How to Survive a Global Crisis , " a book that teaches skills for living a self-sufficient life after what he perceives to be an oncoming collapse of civilization and governments . He said his readers are "  normal middle-class " soccer moms and teachers who read about world events and "  connect the dots . " "  Most of my readers are n't die-hard , end-of-the-world subscribers or enthusiasts , " he said . "  They do n't want things to change , but are n't ignorant to the fact that they most likely will within our own lifetime , so preparing for such a strong possibility is n't desperation or ignorance or naivety , it 's just another insurance policy . " Insofar as civilization 's collapse is something we 're bringing upon ourselves with a little help from world powers , Martin and his readers might relate to radical environmentalists or peak oil environmentalists , who subscribe to the theory that there is a date when petroleum production will max out and decline rapidly . Debunking doomsday : 6 rumors dispelled Hall sees a connection between the survivalists and religious rapturists who "  look at themselves as missing out on the agonies of the apocalypse because they 're going someplace else . " Jerry Jenkins , co-author of the "  Left Behind " book series about the Rapture within the Christian Bible 's end-of-days Book of Revelation , does n't completely agree with Hall 's assessment . He said the media has incorrectly portrayed his readers as triumphalists who boast "  We 're going , you 're not , too bad for you . " The whole point of the "  Left Behind " books , Jenkins said , was to encourage people to read the Revelation prophecies because religious rapturists want all people to have a better life in heaven . " -LSB- We 're not -RSB- saying ` good ' people go and ` bad ' people are left behind , " said Jenkins , who believes the key to being raptured  or taken into heaven before the Apocalypse happens on Earth  is to receive Jesus Christ . But Jenkins added that even those "  looking forward to being rescued " are still dedicated to improving life for everyone on terra firma before they go . Interestingly , Jenkins said Christ himself said he did n't even know the day or hour of the Rapture , so the ilk of Christian radio broadcaster Harold Camping who attempt to predict its timing are "  crazies " engaged in folly that "  make us all look like idiots . " Camping claimed he was able to use the Bible to calculate the exact date of the Rapture  most recently it was supposed to be May 23 , 2011 , and before that in 1994  . Those who point to science instead of Biblical lore to predict the end of the world are another apocalyptic subculture , according to Hall . These groups are comprised of theoretical physicists and futurologists -- such as Michio Kaku -- whom Hall calls "  optimistic utopian prophets . " These people believe in the Technological Singularity theory : The possibility that technologically augmented intelligence will change human life as we know it or possibly wipe it out completely . There 's even a think tank of sorts formed around this logic . The Singularity Institute is comprised of scientists , philosophers and philanthropists from places such as the Research Triangle and Silicon Valley , and universities such as Harvard and Stanford , said Michael Anissimov , media director at The Singularity Institute . Their goal ? Constructing a smarter-than-human intelligence that has the values of humanity . Instead of avoiding the growth of artificial intelligence , the Singularity Institute is trying to manage the risk . If peak oil theorists believe we 're rapidly running out of a major resource , the institute postulates that technology itself is advancing so rapidly that society will have an overabundance of it -- and an artificial intelligence is set to emerge that will not necessarily pursue mankind 's best interests . "  We do think it 's possible , if not probable , that it could actually lead to either the marginalization or end of humanity , " said Anissimov . Doomsday dining : Your last meal Whereas religious and scientific apocalyptic subcultures converge and diverge on various points , there is one end-of-world scenario that manages to reflect all their anxieties : the zombie apocalypse . The zombocalypse of popular culture has become something of a Rorschach test of apocalyptic fears . Depending on the point of view , zombies may result from an act of God , the irresponsible use of science , an environmental disaster , a cosmic event and so forth . Scott Kenemore , author of "  The Zen of Zombie " and a member of the advisory board of the Zombie Research Society , said the zombie apocalypse can represent a validation of sorts for people awaiting their particular extinction event . Hall agreed that the pop-culture connection of zombies to apocalyptic groups is "  a shared motif of a dystopian world emerging . " He added that zombies are a stand-in for "  The Other , " an alien group , process or force that is "  almost always " the basis for apocalyptic developments . Zombies can be a substitute for a corrupt government , an oil-based economy , foreigners or even a Sodom and Gomorrah society itself . " -LSB- H -RSB- ow you deal with the threat is an open question , " he said . Whatever route to the end  or new beginning  , Hall thinks the very diversity of subcultures underscores the fact that we have reached an apocalyptic apex . "  In this moment , people are seeing the old ways of life recede , " he said . "  That 's the occasion when all kinds of different people from all kinds of different directions come forward with one or another apocalyptic scenario . " Like CNN Living on Facebook Do you have a prediction for how the world will end ? Share it in the comments section below .	A few think the world ends when the Mayan calendar peters out Friday , December 21 Apocalypse theories can be rooted in science , religion or simply a notion Other theories involve governmental failure , a waning oil supply and zombies
CNN  -- There is a new speaker in town . Rep. John Boehner , R-Ohio , will be the new Speaker of the House , replacing Rep. Nancy Pelosi , D-California , as the GOP rolled in Tuesday 's midterm elections , gaining a majority for the first time in four years . The Republican Party will pick up more than 60 seats in the legislature , a statistical analysis of exit polls by CNN projects . That 's a comfortable margin over the 39 seats needed to wrest control from the Democrats . Unrest over the economy and government spending , as well as the surge of Tea Party politics , helped propel the GOP . Tuesday 's outcome was comparable to the 1994 so-called "  Republican Revolution , " when the GOP took 54 seats from the Democrats . It is also the largest number of House pickups since Democrats picked up 75 seats in 1948 . As of 2 a.m. ET Wednesday , the Republicans held 231 seats to the Democrats ' 169 . At least 218 seats are needed for a majority . "  It 's clear tonight who the winners really are , and that 's the American people , " Boehner said Tuesday night in front of a crowd chanting , "  Speaker ! Speaker ! " The election was a repudiation of big government and politicians who refuse to listen to their constituents , he said . The message to President Barack Obama was clear , Boehner said : "  Change course . " Under a Republican majority , "  the people 's priorities will be our priorities , " an emotional Boehner said . Obama called Boehner and said he was "  looking forward to working with him and the Republicans to find common ground , move the country forward and get things done for the American people , " the White House said . Boehner 's camp described the call as "  brief but pleasant . " The Republican leader told Obama that he 's always been straightforward with him in the past , and will continue to be so . The ramifications of a Republican majority were tempered by the projection that the Senate will remain in Democratic hands . With a Democrat in the White House and a Democratic Senate , both parties will have to reach compromise or risk gridlock in the legislature . Key Republicans have already hinted that compromise is not a priority on their agenda , as many of them were swept into office precisely because of dissatisfaction with Obama 's policies . The GOP made sizable inroads in Virginia , where a trio of Democratic incumbents were projected to lose , according to CNN analysis of exit poll data . Reps. Tom Perriello , Rick Boucher and Glenn Nye , of the state 's 5th , 9th and 2nd congressional districts , respectively , are projected to be out of office . Republican Robert Hurd won the 5th District , and Morgan Griffith won the 9th District , CNN projected . Republican challenger Scott Rigell won in the 2nd District . In Florida 's 8th District , Democratic Rep. Alan Grayson , a lightening rod for his confrontational and sometimes rude attitude toward his political opponents , lost his seat , CNN projected . Republican Dan Webster , whom Grayson chided as "  Taliban Dan " in what many considered an unfair attack ad , will be the area 's new congressman . Two other seats in Florida also switched hands in the Republican 's favor . Democratic Rep. Allen Boyd was projected to lose to GOP candidate Steve Southerland . In Florida 's 24th district , GOP challenger Sandy Adams will take the place of Rep. Suzanne Kosmas . With about 100 of the 435 House seats at stake considered "  in play , " or competitive , an anti-Democratic mood was predicted to result in big Republican gains . In a statement early Wednesday , Pelosi defended the work Democrats have done in the House . "  Over the last four years , the Democratic Majority in the House took courageous action on behalf of America 's middle class to create jobs and save the country from the worst economic catastrophe since the Great Depression , " she said . She urged lawmakers to help move the nation forward . "  We must all strive to find common ground to support the middle class , create jobs , reduce the deficit and move our nation forward . " In Texas , a moderate Democrat , Chet Edwards , who has been a member of the House since 1991 , saw his time in Washington come to end . Republican Bill Flores ousted Edwards , who long had represented a conservative district by siding with Republicans on some key votes , including voting against the health care bill . Other moderate Democrats were able to save their seats . Rep. Heath Shuler , D-North Carolina , was among those in his party who campaigned by running away from it , distancing himself in a debate from Pelosi . He kept his seat Tuesday night , CNN projected . One moderate Republican was n't as lucky . Joseph Cao , a Republican from Louisiana 's 2nd district , was the only GOPer to vote in favor of the health care bill . On Tuesday , his constituents elected Democratic challenger Cedric Richmond . That Democratic gain in the state was offset by the projected outcome in the 3rd district , where an open Democratic seat went to Republican Jeff Landry . Heading into election day , the Democrats had a 255 to 178 advantage in the house , not including two vacancies . Republicans needed to win an additional 39 seats to claim the House majority . In addition to anti-Democrat sentiments due to a slow economic recovery and what is seen as increased government spending , the advent of the Tea Party movement also played a role in these elections . The Tea Party has boosted little-known candidates to victory in primaries over mainstream figures across the country . How they fare in the general election will be seen Tuesday . Win or lose , the impact of this group is expected to shift the Republican agenda to the right . That means little chance of compromise or bipartisan approaches on major issues , observers say . Already , Boehner , has signaled he is not planning to negotiate with the White House or congressional Democrats on his party 's top issues . "  This is not a time for compromise , and I can tell you that we will not compromise on our principles , " Boehner said last week on Sean Hannity 's program . Recognizing that discontent with Democrats comes from the economic situation and record deficit spending , a priority for the Republicans will be to focus on fiscal issues . House Republicans have promised to cut $ 100 billion from the federal budget in the first year , rolling back spending to 2008 levels . CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : The GOP picks up more than 60 seats , CNN projects Republicans gain a majority in the House About 100 of 435 House seats were competitive Pelosi urges "  common ground "
CNN  -- Anger is growing in Mexico over a fire at a government-run day care center that claimed its 46th child this weekend . Maria Jesus Coronado Padilla mourns for her 2-year-old daughter , who died in the Hermosillo fire . Parents of the dead children and their supporters have held two noisy rallies in Hermosillo , the city in northwestern Mexico where the fire broke out June 5 . They blame the government for laxity in enforcing safety regulations , for conducting a weak investigation and for failing to punish anyone in the 10 days since the fatal blaze . "  It is my fault for trusting them , " parent Roberto Zavala said at a rally Saturday in front of the Sonora governor 's office . "  I am responsible for the death of my child . Mr. Governor : Here is one of those responsible you are looking for . Come get me . I am waiting for you . " The rally was televised nationwide by CNN affiliate TV Azteca . "  If there is no justice from the authorities , there will be vengeance from the people , " Zavala shouted to great cheers . The crowd chanted "  renuncia , renuncia "  "  resign , resign "  toward the office of Sonora Gov. Eduardo Bours Castelo . He did not appear at the rally . Bours told CNN on Monday that he understands parents ' anguish but has not heard any calls for his resignation . "  What we are seeing is natural , " he said . "  There are destroyed families . It 's natural that people express their sadness and , in some cases , anger . And there are those who are using this for political purposes . " The investigation , he said , is "  complex and advancing . " Mexican President Felipe Calderon has promised a full investigation . Officials have said an air-conditioning unit in a government-run warehouse in the same building as the ABC day care center caused the fire . The privately owned day care was leased by the government to provide low-cost service to parents . Many prominent Mexicans have joined the parents in saying the government is not doing enough to find out what happened and to punish the responsible parties . "  There are 46 children , and nothing is happening , " said radio and TV commentator Eduardo J. Ruiz-Healy . "  Nobody is responsible . Federal authorities say nothing major happened . There are 46 dead children , and no one will go to jail for it . " Ana Maria Salazar , another TV and radio commentator , also has voiced her anger -- in newspaper columns , on Facebook and on her blogs . Salazar , who lives in Mexico City , grew up in Sonora state and traveled to Hermosillo last week . "  I just returned from Hermosillo , Sonora , " she wrote Wednesday on her blog . "  Sorrow for the death of the -LSB- then -RSB- 44 children is now transforming into outrage . The death of these children has impacted Hermosillo , the state of Sonora and Mexico . " She 's still angry , she told CNN on Monday . "  My concern is that there are 46 children who died in what appears to be negligence and that nobody 's going to be punished , " Salazar said . In addition , she said , the government has not conducted any investigations to see if other day care centers are safe . "  What is unacceptable , " Salazar said , "  is that nothing has been done to make sure this does n't happen again . " The United Nations Children 's Fund 's representative in Mexico , Susana Sottoli , said all day care centers in the nation should be investigated , the state-run Notimex news agency reported Monday . Last week , Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora said officials had found safety irregularities at the ABC day care center in 2005 . He declined to detail those irregularities but said authorities are investigating if anything was done about them . ABC day care officials denied Monday ever being told of safety problems . Critics point to cozy business relationships between the owners of the ABC day care and government officials . News reports have said one of the co-owners is a cousin of Calderon 's wife . Two state government officials whose wives also are ABC co-owners resigned last week . In all , six officials have resigned or been fired since the blaze . The well-regarded El Universal newspaper published a column and a story Monday taking the government to task . The article says a Universal investigation revealed that family members and political allies of the governor own at least 13 day care centers in Sonora state . The ABC day care is not one of them . Bours , who was elected governor in 2003 , called the article "  malintentioned . " "  Some of my relatives had those -LSB- day care centers -RSB- since before I was governor , " he said . "  This is a low blow by people who want to link one thing with another . " But Ruiz-Healy calls the day care industry in Mexico "  a business run by politicians and politicians ' wives . " And he rails at what he sees as arrogance by government officials , whose actions , he said , have led to "  a total crisis of credibility . " "  There have been a series of events that insult our intelligence , " Ruiz-Healy said . "  The political class is divorced from reality and from the rest of the country . "	Parents , their supporters have rallied in Hermosillo , where fire broke out June 5 They say government did n't enforce safety rules , is conducting weak investigation Sonora governor says investigation is "  complex and advancing " UN representative says all day care centers in Mexico should be investigated
CNN  -- Clouds of black smoke from burning plastic hang over the sites of Nigeria 's vast dumps , as tiny figures pick their way through slicks of oily water , past cracked PC monitors and television screens . Toxins from dumped electronics in developing countries has been seen as a growing problem . But it is n't just a cut from broken glass these mainly young scavengers are risking . Much of the discarded electronic kit contains tiny -- but valuable -- quantities of aluminum , copper , cadmium and other minerals , all of which can be sold on , if they can be recovered . However they also contain highly toxic materials , which have been linked to reproductive problems and cancers . "  People living and working on and around the dump sites , many of whom are children , are exposed to a cocktail of dangerous chemicals that can cause severe damage to health , including cancer , damage to the nervous system and to brain development in children , " Kim Schoppink , Toxics Campaigner at Greenpeace , told CNN . "  The open burning creates even more hazardous chemicals among which are cancerous dioxins . " No studies have been done on the extent of the chemical pollution of such sites in Nigeria , but in 2008 a Greenpeace report on similar dumps in nearby Ghana confirmed that high levels of lead , phthalates and dioxins were present in soils and the water of a nearby lagoon . A Chinese academic report published in "  Environmental Health Perspectives " in 2007 confirmed that children living in the same area had higher levels of toxic metals in their blood than other children living nearby . There is increasing evidence that this new health and environment problem is arriving in shipping containers from Western countries . Nigeria is one of the principal global destinations for "  e-waste " -- the catch-all term for discarded consumer electronics . Some of this may have been legitimately handed in to be recycled in an EU or U.S. city , but lax enforcement , vague legislation and a lack of political will has meant that it instead passes through a network of traders keen to profit from developing countries ' hunger for hi-tech and a burgeoning second hand market . According to the United Nations Environment Program around 20 to 50 million tons of e-waste are generated worldwide each year . In 2008 a Greenpeace study , "  Not in My Backyard " , found that in Europe only 25 percent of the e-waste was recycled safely . In the U.S. it is only 20 percent and in developing countries it is less than one percent . Extrapolating out from these figures the report concluded that a massive 80 percent of e-waste generated worldwide is not properly recycled . Some is burnt in Western incinerators or buried in landfill sites . But much is exported to developing countries including India , China , Pakistan , Nigeria and Ghana . When it arrives , a further percentage may be repaired and sold on to populations desperate for affordable technology . But anything beyond the skills of local traders will end up dumped . It 's a profitable business , and is already attracting the attention of organized crime . A report issued by the United Nations in July said that the criminal gangs behind much of the drug trade in West Africa were becoming involved with e-waste trading . The volume of material on the move is staggering . In 2005 , more than 500 containers full of e-waste entered Nigerian ports every month , according to the Basel Action Network , a U.S. NGO campaigning on issues surrounding toxic waste . Each one contains 10 to 15 tons of e-waste , totaling 60,000 to 90,000 tons per year . These figures are likely to have increased in recent years . There seems little doubt that much of this waste is finding its way to Africa from Western countries . The Basel Action Network and Dutch NGO Danwatch have traced equipment from Europe to Nigerian dumps and earlier this year Greenpeace placed a radio tracking device in a broken TV handed in for safe recycling in the UK , but followed it to a Nigerian market . "  Greenpeace is disappointed especially by U.S. and EU authorities , " said Schoppink . "  It is toxic waste from the U.S. and EU countries that is causing serious environmental and health problems in Nigeria , a country without the means to deal with this problem . "  The U.S. and EU must play the biggest role in stopping the spread of e-waste ; they are most responsible for the problem and have the resources to tackle it . The export of e-waste from the EU is illegal under the Basel Convention and the Waste Shipment Directive , but the laws are not being sufficiently implemented . In the U.S. , there is no such law banning this practice . "  In Nigeria the government is talking about stopping imports , but there has been no progress on this to date . " Signs of progress There are calls from environmental groups likes Greenpeace for electronics producers to do more to phase out their use of hazardous substances , and there are some signs of progress . Several electronics companies already make products using fewer hazardous substances , and others , including Nokia , Philips and Samsung are setting up voluntary collection and recycling systems in countries where they are not legally obliged to . Apple claims its products are now almost entirely free of the worst toxic chemicals . "  If producers continue to use hazardous chemicals in their electronics and to fail to take responsibility for the safe disposal of their products , e-waste will continue to be dumped in developing countries , " said Schoppink . "  The pollution and related health problems in countries where e-waste is dumped will increase massively as the amount of electronics used worldwide is growing exponentially and the number of countries used as dump sites will grow . " But while the developing world needs the U.S. and EU to take responsibility for their waste , it also needs their discarded computers to train and build a 21st century workforce . "  Nobody is arguing that Africa should be denied access to computers , " said Tony Roberts , Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Computer Aid International , a charity licensed by the UK Environment Agency , which provides recycled computers to developing countries to improve education and healthcare . "  Technical colleges and universities are always short of resources . It is , of course , essential to developing economies escaping poverty to have access to affordable modern technology . " Computer Aid works to close the digital divide between the north and southern hemispheres and offers corporations , including Coca Cola , as well as individuals , a positive way of disposing of electronics . They also believe learning about responsibility for that technology is a crucial part of the exchange . "  Computer Aid argues that , in addition to the PCs , it is essential to also build the skills , knowledge and operating capacity in every country to manage responsible re-use programs and environmentally sound end-of-life recycling . " In the end , this is about everyone involved -- particularly the developed nations -- taking responsibility for their waste . "  It is clear that companies have a moral obligation to treat Africa in exactly the same way that they do , say , Germany , " said Roberts . Until then , toxic black smoke will continue to cast a shadow over lives across the developing world .	Export of electronic products for recycling creating health and environment problems Developed nations that export e-waste criticized by many for lack of responsibility Study from Greenpeace suggest only around 20 percent recycled safely Organized crime involved in e-waste trading according to UN report in July
Stephenville , Texas  CNN  The trial of the man accused of killing Chris Kyle , the protagonist in the top-selling book and hit movie "  American Sniper , " began Wednesday with a lawyer using Kyle 's own words to bolster an insanity defense . Eddie Ray Routh is accused of killing Kyle and Kyle 's friend , Chad Littlefield , at a firing range at Rough Creek Lodge , about 90 miles southwest of Dallas on February 2 , 2013 . In his opening statement , defense attorney Tim Moore read a text Kyle sent to Littlefield about Routh as the three men rode in Kyle 's pickup truck to the range . "  About an hour and a half into the drive , Chris Kyle was sitting in the driver 's seat and he texts Chad Littlefield sitting right next to him . He texts , ` This dude is straight-up nuts , ' " Moore said . "  Chad Littlefield texts Chris Kyle back , ` He 's right behind me , watch my six -LSB- military lingo for ` watch my back . ' -RSB- . So while we do n't know what the conversation was , we do know what Chris Kyle was thinking at the time he was in that truck . " Moore said Routh killed the two men because he suffered "  a psychosis so severe that at that point in time he did not know what he was doing was wrong . ... He thought in his mind at that moment in time it was either him or them . " But Erath County District Attorney Alan Nash told the jury that Routh told investigators he used drugs and drank whiskey that morning . He admitted that he killed the two men and said he "  knew what he was doing was wrong , " the prosecutor said . Routh used two guns , Nash said . Routh shot Kyle five times in the back and side and once in the side of the head , using a .45 - caliber pistol , and shot Littlefield with a 9 mm pistol four times in the back , once in the hand , once in the face and once in the head , Nash said . A different .45 - caliber pistol with all its rounds fired was found on the ground near Kyle 's head , Nash said . "  Kyle  had shot all the bullets in his gun when he was shot in the back , " said Nash , referring to the fact that Kyle had just fired at a target . The trial comes just weeks after the release of the film about Kyle , a former Navy SEAL who claimed to be the deadliest sniper in U.S. history with 160 confirmed kills in Iraq . The film has grossed more than $ 280 million , the most ever for a war movie , and the autobiography by the same name spent weeks on best-seller lists . The first witness with Kyle 's widow . Taya Kyle recounted the last conversation with her husband , on the phone . "  I said are you OK ? " she said . "  He said ` yep . ' And that 's not common for him . I could tell something was up and he was just quiet ... " On that day , Kyle took Littlefield and Routh , a troubled veteran he was trying to help , to the firing range . Taya Kyle said her husband sounded irritated . "  Normally , going out there , especially a place like Rough Creek -- usually it 's beautiful . He feels really good about helping somebody . He 's making their day and he knows it , " she testified . "  Earlier , he thought that guy sounded really excited to go , so he thought he was doing a good thing . " She said their last conversation "  was very short , and it was n't short like , ` Hey , you are interrupting a good time . ' It was short like , ' I wish I could say more but I 'm not going to because there were people around . ' " Later she texted and he did n't reply , and she became worried , she testified . Kyle had already risen to fame through his book when he died . He 'd been doing charitable work to help former troops suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder . The range is a small , remote part of the sprawling 11,000-acre Rough Creek Lodge , and the men were isolated , authorities said . Frank Alvarez , resident manager of Rough Creek Lodge , testified Kyle had "  exclusive access to the range when he came out . " Kyle had said he was going to use the range for about 45 minutes , Alvarez testified , but "  about 5 p.m. I got a radio call that said I had to go to the shooting range . Something had happened . " A hunting guide found Kyle , 38 , and Littlefield , 35 , Kyle 's friend , motionless and called 911 . The men were dead when officers arrived . Jurors were shown graphic photos of their bodies . Taya Kyle was in the courtroom at the time . Routh , an unemployed former Marine reportedly diagnosed with PTSD , was gone , and so was Kyle 's black Ford pickup , police said . Routh drove up in Kyle 's truck at his sister 's house 65 miles away , police said . She called 911 , telling the operator he claimed to have killed two men . "  They went out to a shooting range . Like , he 's all crazy , " Routh 's sister told authorities . Routh got back into the truck and hit the road again , police said . Officers caught up with him that evening at his home in a Dallas suburb . While talking with police , he jumped back into the truck and sped off again , police say . They gave chase and stopped him after spiking his tires . He did not struggle when they arrested him , police said . Relatives of Routh , 27 , and those close to him declined interview requests from CNN . Routh 's attorney is making the case that his client is not guilty by reason of insanity . Since July 24 , 2013 , when a judge filed a gag order in the case , nobody associated with Routh 's trial has been permitted to speak to the media . Before that order was issued , a reporter asked Capt. Jason Upshaw of the Erath County Sheriff 's Office what could have driven Routh to the alleged murders . "  I do n't know that we 'll ever know , " Upshaw said . Routh served in the Marines from June 2006 to June 2010 . His time in the military included a 2007 tour of duty in Iraq and a humanitarian mission to help the victims of the devastating 2010 earthquake in Haiti . Kyle learned to shoot on hunting trips with his father , then went on to serve four combat tours in Iraq with the SEALs , though his official biography notes he also worked with Army and Marine units . He received two Silver Stars and other commendations before leaving the Navy in 2009 after 160 confirmed kills , which he called a record for an American . He said that while killing did not come easy at first , he knew it meant saving lives . "  The first time , you 're not even sure you can do it , " he said in the interview . "  But I 'm not over there looking at these people as people . I 'm not wondering if he has a family . I 'm just trying to keep my guys safe . " Kyle 's story and the movie made from it have triggered broad enthusiasm but also drawn critics and doubts about his accounts . A sniper 's view : ` When you are bred to kill , you know ' Correction : Earlier versions of this report incorrectly described the military background of Chad Littlefield , who was killed with Chris Kyle . Littlefield was not a veteran . CNN 's Jason Morris reported from Stephenville , Texas , and Ralph Ellis and Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta . Greg Botelho and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Defense lawyer : Chris Kyle described accused killer as "  straight-up nuts " in a text Eddie Ray Routh is accused of killing Chris Kyle and another man at an isolated outdoor firing range
At least two members of Libya 's General National Congress were shot and wounded after protesters stormed its headquarters in Tripoli on Sunday evening , according to congress members . One of the congressmen , Abdul Rahman Sweihli , was shot in the leg after protesters opened fire on him inside the building . As his security detail rushed him out , gunmen opened fire on their cars as they were trying to flee , his son Bashir Sweihli told CNN . No information about the second lawmaker was available . A GNC member speaking on Libyan TV said lawmakers continued their evening session despite dozens of protesters surrounding the building and pouring gasoline on the walls before they stormed the building . Other members of the GNC , the country 's interim parliament , were assaulted , and some of the women members harassed , lawmakers said . Young men ransacked the building , and parts of it were set on fire , according to witnesses . Videos posted to social media sites showed a chaotic scene , with young men setting cars and furniture outside the building ablaze . Public anger has been mounting against the GNC , especially after members voted last December to extend their term in office until the end of this year . For almost a month , thousands of Libyans have taken to the streets across the country in peaceful demonstrations demanding an end to the GNC 's term . In response to the rising tensions , lawmakers announced last month that early elections would be held , but a date has not yet been set . Earlier in the day , anti-GNC protesters blocked off roads close to the building and set tires on fire after reports spread of an attack Saturday night on anti-GNC protesters . That attack included burning down their tent and reportedly kidnapping some protesters . More than two years after the overthrow of the Gadhafi regime , Libyans have become increasingly frustrated with the state of their country and the performance of their elected officials . Separately on Sunday , gunmen shot dead a French national in the eastern city of Benghazi . Local authorities condemned the killing and said the man was an employee of a private French company that was doing expansion work on the Benghazi Medical Center . The French Foreign Ministry condemned the killing of the man identified as Patrice Real and said the perpetrators must be pursued and punished . A Libyan soldier was also killed in Benghazi on Sunday when an improvised explosive device detonated under his car , according to the state news agency LANA . Four unidentified bodies of young men with gunshots to the head were found in a forest east of Benghazi , LANA reported . Separately , a fifth unidentified body was discovered in al-Jarutha , west of the city . Violence levels in the city have spiked over recent weeks with assassinations , kidnappings and bombings becoming near daily occurrences in the city that was the cradle of Libya 's revolution . While no group has claimed responsibility for the rising violence in Benghazi , residents and officials blame the violence on Islamist extremist groups . Last week security forces found the bodies of seven Egyptian Christians dumped west of the city .	Protesters storm Libya 's interim parliament and shoot two congressmen , members say One lawmaker was shot in the leg , members say , but no word on the second The General National Congress voted to extend its term in December , angering the public
CNN  -- Emergency officials in seven Mississippi counties were dealing Monday with widespread damage after a swarm of storms swept through the area Sunday evening , injuring scores of people . No deaths have been reported . Two people in Lamar County were critically hurt , the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency said . A tornado struck Hattiesburg , a southern Mississippi city that straddles Lamar and Forrest counties . The Weather Service described the storm as packing 170 mph winds -- an EF-4 on the service 's tornadic scale . The scale ranges from EF0 to EF5 . Hattiesburg Mayor Johnny DuPree reported major damage to a number of buildings . "  If there is a good thing about this , it happened on a Sunday when most of these structures were vacant , " he said . Tornado sirens were activated 20 to 30 minutes before the twister touched down , DuPree said . "  I think that was enough for people to find shelter , to go to a place in their house that was safe , " he added . Several homes were destroyed in Marion County , and numerous structures -- including businesses and public buildings -- sustained "  significant damage , " the state emergency management agency said . As of Monday morning , 4,000 power customers were without electricity , down from the approximately 14,000 who had lost power , Mississippi Power spokesman Mark Davis said . Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency for the affected counties . The declaration means state resources and assets can be used to support local response efforts . Some 63 people were treated at area hospitals , most of them for minor injuries , he said . Some 200 mobile homes were damaged or destroyed , and 100 apartments were damaged and uninhabitable , he said . Bryant tweeted photos of the storm damage . iReporter shopping at Target captures video of tornado In Hattiesburg , the University of Southern Mississippi suffered damage to several buildings , but there were no reports of injuries there . The campus was already closed because of Mardi Gras and was to remain closed through Tuesday ; classes were canceled through Wednesday . "  We never lost power , " said Joe Paul , vice president for student affairs , in a statement on the school 's website . "  The cafeteria is up and running , and everyone is fine . " University police declared a state of emergency and urged those not on campus to stay away until further notice . Nearby Oak Grove High School also suffered damage . Randy Wright posted photographs to his Twitter account , showing debris strewn on what appeared to be a parking lot and a truck upside down in a baseball diamond . The Hattiesburg Public School District canceled classes Monday . "  There 's quite a few homes without power at this point , " Forrest County Sheriff Billy McGee said . "  Quite a few trees on houses , on cars , that type of thing . " Ten to 15 people were hospitalized , but none suffered serious injuries , he said . It was not clear how those people were hurt . Sarah Lawrence , a Hattiesburg resident , said the storm sounded like "  stuff being thrown . " "  Within seconds , everything changed , " she said . "  I did n't feel like there was much notice . I heard the sirens and everything looked OK outside , so I started making preparations to go into the bathroom . And then , next thing I know , all the lights went out , and it got dark outside . " Northeast begins digging out from major blizzard The 10 deadliest U.S. tornadoes on record 23 incredible weather photos CNN 's Maggie Schneider , Chandler Friedman , Elwyn Lopez and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Hattiesburg tornado was packing 170 mph winds , weather service says More than a dozen people are injured , including two critically ; no deaths are reported Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant declares a state of emergency for affected counties About 4,000 customers are without electricity , Mississippi Power says
The sleeping giant has awoken : Latinos not only helped Obama win in key battleground states , but they made up 10 % of the electorate for the first time ever . Latinos , the fastest growing minority , making up 16 % of the nation 's population , made their mark on election night as they voted for President Barack Obama over Republican Mitt Romney 71 % to 27 % , a lower percentage than Republican candidates have received in in the last three elections . At 27 % this year , Romney 's Latino support is dramatically lower than former President George W. Bush 's support in 2004 , which was 44 % , and Arizona Sen. John McCain 's 31 % in 2008 , according to exit polls . The lowest percentage of Latino voters won by a Republican was in 1996 , when Bob Dole garnered only 21 % of Latinos compared with then-President Bill Clinton 's record 72 % . In 2008 , Obama received 67 % of the Latino vote . Latinos made up 9 % of the electorate in 2008 with 19.5 million people eligible to vote . Today , there are nearly 24 million Hispanics eligible to vote . The number of registered Latinos has increased by 26 % in the last four years to 12.2 million , according a report by the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials . "  It 's something we saw coming and have seen happen for a numbers of years now . Hispanics are increasing their share of their electorate , " said Mark Hugo Lopez , associate director of the Pew Hispanic Center . "  That number has been growing for a number of election cycles , and it 's going to continue to grow moving forward . " What might have swayed Latinos to vote for Obama more than anything else ? Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida says the GOP was never able to connect with them . "  The conservative movement should have particular appeal to people in minority and immigrant communities who are trying to make it , and Republicans need to work harder than ever to communicate our beliefs to them , " Rubio said in a statement on Election Day . Democratic political strategist and commentator for The New Yorker Richard Socarides said on CNN 's Early Start , "  You can have engagement , but if you have no solutions on immigration , people who are concerned about those issues are not going to support you . " Outreach and the message to the Latino community will be vital . In an originally off-the-record interview with the Des Moines Register in October , the president was "  confident about immigration reform in the second term . " "  And since this is off the record , I will just be very blunt , " Obama said in a transcript of the interview posted by the paper . "  Should I win a second term , a big reason I will win a second term is because the Republican nominee and the Republican Party have so alienated the fastest-growing demographic group in the country , the Latino community . " Hispanics were vital in helping the president win in two of the key battleground states , Nevada  70 % to 25 %  and Colorado  75 % to 23 %  , and put Obama in the lead in Florida , where the vote still has n't been decided , according to exit polls . In Nevada , the president won six electoral votes and nine in Colorado . Obama 's popularity with Latino voters in Florida is credited to the growth in the Puerto Rican population in central Florida.Of all Latinos in Florida , 34 % are Cuban and 57 % are non-Cuban , according to the Pew Hispanic Center . "  If we do n't do better with Hispanics , we 'll be out of the White House forever , " said Republican strategist and CNN contributor Ana Navarro , who was the national Hispanic co-chair of McCain 's presidential campaign . Zuania CapÃ ³ - Ramos of Puerto Rico moved to New York just in time for the 2008 elections , but she did n't vote until this year . "  I had just come to the U.S. and still did not quite understand how to work the election process in this country . I felt misinformed regarding the difference between political parties , " CapÃ ³ - Ramos said . "  Obama seemed like an excellent candidate , however , it was not until the most recent elections that I became active in American politics and issues affecting the Latino community . " Pew Hispanic Center 's analysis of exit poll data stated that 77 % of Hispanic voters said undocumented immigrants should be offered a chance to apply for legal status , while 18 % said such immigrants should be deported . Among all voters , fewer than two thirds  65 %  said these immigrants should be offered a chance to apply for legal status , while 28 % say they should be deported . "  When Mitt Romney brought on Kris Kobach as his adviser for his campaign , that really made an impact on the Latino community , " said Leo Pierson , a campaign surrogate for the Ohio Latino Leadership Council to Re-Elect President Obama . Pierson started volunteering in March 2011 and provided guidance on Latino affairs and outreach in Ohio for the campaign . Latinos only make up 3 % of the swing state 's population , according to the Pew Hispanic Center , of which Obama received 53 % of the Latino vote . "  The GOP drove Latinos away with their anti-Latino agenda in being very vocal on ` self-deportation ' , " said Pierson . "  It did n't help that Mitt Romney said the Arizona immigration law was the model for the nation . That stuff sticks . " Romney said he only supported the E-verify portion of the controversial Arizona immigration law , also known as SB 1070 . After he made that statement , his opponents were able to characterize his support as being for the entire law , and that alienated many Latino voters . However , Latino voters might have made up their minds in 2011 , when Mitt Romney stated he would veto the DREAM Act , but his reluctance during the second presidential debate to provide specifics on an alternative approach on immigration reform could have sealed the deal for most Latinos . Romney said that he would offer a path to undocumented immigrants serving in the military but did not give details as to what he would do for the remainder of the 1.4 million undocumented immigrants who would qualify for citizenship under Obama 's plan , which allows undocumented immigrants who came to the United States as children to apply for legal status . While some Hispanic voters were disappointed with Obama 's failure to achieve comprehensive immigration reform , which he considered his "  biggest failure , " he said it was n't "  for a lack of trying or desire , " during a Univision forum in September . However , that does n't relieve the pressure many Latinos have put upon the newly re-elected president . "  My hope for Obama as a woman , as a Latina , as a Puerto Rican , is that he keeps his word and all the promises he has made to us , " stressed CapÃ ³ - Ramos . "  I hope he conserves his integrity , prevails in government , and that he puts the people as priority over economic interests , political or partisan . "	Latino vote helped Obama win in battleground states , made up 10 % of electorate for first time Navarro : "  If we do n't do better with Hispanics , we 'll be out of the White House forever " Latinos voted for Obama over Romney 71 % to 27 %
Anchorage , Alaska  CNN  -- It 's 3 degrees and snowing outside the Alaska Volcano Observatory in Anchorage , but inside the operations center , things are heating up . Geologist Michelle Coombs monitors the Redoubt volcano from the Alaska Volcano Observatory . "  This is kind of the nerve center , if you will , " says geologist Michelle Coombs , who is at the helm of a bank of video monitors showing readouts from sensors on Mount Redoubt , a volcano about 100 miles southwest of Anchorage . The sensors measure seismic activity on the volcano 's summit . Scientists at the observatory combine that information with data gathered from daily airplane flights to the volcano to measure gases and try to figure out if and when Redoubt is going to blow . "  We 're seeing lots of little earthquakes right now , " says Coombs . "  As that magma rises , it breaks rock as it gets to the surface , and it also it gives off gases , and that leads to the seismic activities were seeing now . " When the magma , or molten rock , makes it to the surface , the volcano will erupt . A siren goes off , and one of the video monitors goes haywire . Is the mountain erupting ? Learn more about Mount Redoubt " "  That 's just a little alarm . There was just a little bit of increased seismic activity , " Coombs says reassuringly . "  It 's a special kind of earthquake particular to volcanoes called a long-period earthquake . It has more to do with fluid and gases than with breaking rock . " Watch Coombs keeping an eye on Redoubt " Since the monitors first showed increased activity on January 23 , the observatory has been staffed 24 hours a day . Scientists here are calling in reinforcements ; several geologists from the Lower 48 have been making their way north to help . Coombs thinks Redoubt will erupt within days or weeks . No one lives near the mountain , which sits on the Cook Inlet and is largely surrounded by glacier ice . That means there is no direct danger from lava flows , but huge clouds of ash could spread throughout Alaska . When Redoubt last erupted in 1989 , it spread ash across Alaska for five months . "  Geologists like to use the past as a key to the future , and previous historical eruptions of Redoubt have produced ash clouds of up to 40,000 feet above sea level , " says Coombs . She notes that at current weather conditions , "  it would take about three hours for that ash to leave the volcano and arrive in Anchorage . " The ash is composed largely of silica , which is similar to tiny fragments of glass . Down on the ground , the ash can be dangerous to breath in and can damage cars as their engines draw the ash into their engines . But it is usually a nuisance . However , in the sky , the ash clouds can create very dangerous flying conditions for jets . "  For jet aviation , it 's a very severe hazard because jet engines run at a very high temperature . And once that silica-rich ash gets ingested into the engine , it can remelt and coat the insides of the engines and freeze up those engines , " says Coombs . "  That 's really the major thing we are trying to avoid here . " The day after the 1989 eruption of Redoubt , a 747 flew into an ash cloud near Anchorage and all four engines stalled . The pilot was able to get two of the engines restarted , and the plane landed safely . Coombs says airspace around the volcano and Anchorage may be closed if Redoubt erupts . When the alarms are n't blaring , Coombs sends out the official Twitter feeds from the observatory and tries to stay warm . She is eight months ' pregnant . "  People have been joking , ` Are you going to name him redoubt ? ' " she says with a laugh , then shakes her head and gets back to her monitors .	In the cold Alaskan winter , geologist keeps watch on Mount Redoubt Michelle Coombs thinks the volcano will erupt within days or weeks The biggest danger could be ash getting in a jetliner 's engines At Alaska Volcano Observatory , they 're getting extra help , monitoring 24/7
CNN  -- A North Carolina judge set aside the death sentence of a convicted killer after concluding Friday that race played a role in the case , a landmark ruling that may call into question a number of death row cases in the state . The ruling by Cumberland County Superior Court Judge Gregory Weeks , the first under the state 's controversial Racial Justice Act , means that 38-year-old Marcus Robinson now faces life in prison without the possibility of parole . Robinson , who is black , was convicted of first-degree murder in 1994 . At the center of the judge 's ruling is a finding that prosecutors across the state participated in the practice of excluding potential black jurors . "  Robinson introduced a wealth of evidence showing the persistent , pervasive and distorting role of race in jury selection throughout North Carolina , " Weeks wrote in his ruling . "  The evidence , largely unrebutted by the State , requires relief in his case and should serve as a clear signal of the need for reform in capital jury selection proceedings in the future . " Weeks did not question whether the crime was committed by Robinson , who was convicted of killing a white , 17-year-old teen -- Erik Tornblom . Passed by the state Legislature and signed into law in 2009 , the Racial Justice Act states "  no person shall be subject to or given a sentence of death , or shall be executed pursuant to any judgment that was sought or obtained on the basis of race . " Under the law , those with death sentences can appeal by using statistical analysis to prove race played a role in how their case was handled . The cornerstone of Robinson 's appeal is a Michigan State University study of jury selection in North Carolina in 1994 , the time during which Robinson was sentenced , that found prosecutors struck blacks from juries at a rate of more than 2-to-1 compared with whites . In the ruling , Weeks found that not only did prosecutors across the state intentionally use the race of a potential juror as a significant factor in decisions to exercise preemptory challenges -- the practice of striking somebody from a jury without explanation , but that the practice occurred in Robinson 's case . The North Carolina Conference of District Attorneys strongly disputed that race had anything to do with death sentences in effect across the state . "  While we respectfully disagree with Judge Weeks , we are not surprised by his ruling , " the group said in a written statement . The group has been opposed to the Racial Justice Act , saying that cases should not be decided by generalized statistics presented years after a conviction . "  Capital cases reflect the most brutal and heinous offenders in our society . Whether the death penalty is an appropriate sentence for murderers should be addressed by our lawmakers in the General Assembly , not masked as claims  of  racism in our courts , " the statement said . Robinson is among 157 death row inmates -- 83 blacks , 63 whites and 12 other ethnicities -- who filed appeals under the Racial Justice Act , according to records from the North Carolina Department of Public Safety . The NAACP in North Carolina , meanwhile , expressed their sympathies to the family of Robinson 's victim , while lauding the ruling . "  We take this moment to remind prosecutors and their staffs that the Racial Justice Act mentions the idea of training program , to help weed out racial bias as they exercise their broad discretion in capital cases , " said the Rev. William J. Barber II , president of the NAACP in North Carolina . "  We encourage the Association of District Attorneys to take advantage of such training to drain some of the unconscious and conscious racial bias out of our courthouses . " After Friday 's ruling , Robinson 's mother Shirley Burnes told CNN affiliate WTVD that her son expected Friday 's decision "  because it was true facts , and that 's it . " She said she understood that the ruling could make way for other such successful appeals in North Carolina . "  This has been a hard long journey , " Burnes said . "  And there are others out there who will be affected by this . " CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Marcus Robinson was sentenced to death after being convicted of murder in 1994 A judge calls race "  a significant factor " in his death sentence and vacates it The Racial Justice Act bars executions "  sought or obtained on the basis of race " District attorneys blast actions against the death penalty "  masked as claims racism "
CNN  -- A federal judge has stayed what would be the nation 's first military execution since 1961 , saying the U.S. soldier -- who was convicted of rape and murder two decades ago -- should have more time to pursue a federal appeal . Pvt. Ronald Gray has been on the military 's death row at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , since 1988 . A court-martial panel sitting at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , unanimously convicted him of committing two murders and other crimes in the Fayetteville , North Carolina , area and sentenced him to death . Last month , the Army said Gray was scheduled to be executed by lethal injection December 10 at the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute , Indiana . But in an order issued November 26 , U.S. District Judge Richard Rogers of Kansas said that a stay is necessary so Gray can pursue his federal appeal . Rogers ruled on a motion filed by Gray 's attorneys , who asked for time to challenge the legality of his convictions and sentence . Government attorneys have asked Rogers to reconsider his decision , saying that Gray seeks a stay "  apparently based on the premise that at some point he will identify a new legal issue or discover new evidence " upon which to appeal and that Gray "  continues to delay unnecessarily . " Gray has had ample time to appeal , the Justice Department attorneys said . In a response filed Tuesday , Gray 's defense attorneys point out that the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear his appeal in March 2001 , and "  since then , it has taken the Department of the Army , the Department of Defense , the Department of Justice and the Office of the President over seven years to approve as final Private Gray 's sentence of death . The significant constitutional issues presented on the face of Private Gray 's case ... have obviously troubled the decision-makers , as evidenced by the years they had his case under advisement . " President Bush approved Gray 's death sentence in July , making it final , defense attorneys write in the filing . Inmates sentenced to death in state and federal courts are given a year to file federal appeals after their death sentence becomes final , they claim , and members of the military under death sentences should receive the same consideration . "  Private Gray is seeking federal habeas court review for the first time and he has not delayed commencing this action , " defense attorney Thomas Bath wrote . "  In fact , until the president approved his death sentence , there was no action available . " Gray was convicted of raping and killing a female Army private and a civilian near his post at Fort Bragg . He also was convicted of the rape and attempted murder of another fellow soldier in her barracks at the post . Military and civilian courts both found Gray responsible for the crimes , which were committed between April 1986 and January 1987 . Gray pleaded guilty to two murders and five rapes in a civilian court and was sentenced to three consecutive and five concurrent life terms . The general court-martial at Fort Bragg then tried him and in April 1988 convicted him of two murders , an attempted murder and three rapes . Bush 's July action , the Army said in a statement at the time , followed "  completion of a full appellate process , which upheld the conviction and sentence to death . " Members of the U.S. military have been executed throughout history , but just 10 have been executed with presidential approval since 1951 under the Uniform Code of Military justice , the military 's modern-day legal system . The Army has also sought Bush 's authorization to execute another condemned soldier , Pvt. Dwight Loving , who was convicted of killing and robbing two cab drivers in 1988 . The last U.S. military execution was in 1961 , when Army Pvt. John Bennett was hanged for raping and attempting to kill an 11-year-old Austrian girl . Bennett was sentenced in 1955 . The U.S. military has n't actively pursued an execution for a military prisoner since President Kennedy commuted a death sentence in 1962 . Nine men are currently on military death row . CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this report .	U.S. soldier should have more time to seek federal appeal , judge says Pvt. Ronald Gray has been on death row for 20 years He was convicted of two murders and other crimes in North Carolina Gray had been scheduled for execution December 10
CNN  -- Two of Malaga 's big-name pre-season signings engineered the Spanish club 's first win of the new La Liga season on Monday . Spain internationals Santi Cazorla and Joaquin Sanchez both scored twice in the 4-0 victory at promoted Granada , relieving the pressure on coach Manuel Pellegrini after the opening-day defeat by Sevilla . The former Real Madrid boss was given a big transfer kitty by Qatari owner Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nassar Al-Thani after Malaga flirted with relegation last season before finishing 11th . Cazorla , who cost $ 27 million when he joined from Villarreal in August , netted the opening goal four minutes into his home debut in the Andalusian derby . Fellow winger Joaquin , who signed for $ 5.5 million from Valencia , doubled the lead on 25 with a header from a cross by Jesus Gamez , and Cazorla made it 3-0 with a free-kick two minutes after the halftime break . Cazorla set up Joaquin for the fourth in the 72nd minute to leave Granada bottom of the table below Sporting Gijon , with both clubs losing their first two matches . In England 's Premier League , unbeaten Newcastle moved up to fourth place despite being held 0-0 away to promoted Queen 's Park Rangers . The home side ended a run of three defeats after manager Neil Warnock gave midfielder Joey Barton the captain 's armband against his former club .	New signings Santi Cazorla and Joaquin Sanchez score twice in Malaga 's 4-0 win Promoted Granada drop to bottom of table in Spain after second successive defeat Unbeaten Newcastle move up to fourth place in England after 0-0 draw at promoted QPR
CNN  -- China may be flexing its growing economic and military muscles , but the country 's leadership is concerned about its vulnerability on a more nebulous front : culture . The Chinese authorities are clamping down on the type of content being broadcast on the airwaves and websites within the country -- which already restricts and censors a lot of material -- aiming to promote Chinese culture and reduce outside influences . The Chinese president , Hu Jintao , warned the Communist leadership not to loosen their grip on the country 's cultural scene . "  We must clearly see that the international hostile forces are stepping up strategic attempts to westernize China , and ideological and cultural fields are a focus for long-term infiltration , " Hu said in an essay published this week in Seeking Truth , the Communist Party 's official magazine . The essay was based on a speech Hu made to a meeting of party leaders in October where a broad agenda was set out to strengthen the role of Chinese culture in the country . The publication of Hu 's speech comes as China prepares to revamp its top leaders this year . And it follows a series of crackdowns on dissent after a string of uprisings last year against authoritarian regimes in the Arab world . Amid the nervousness generated by that climate , Chinese leaders are worried that "  the party 's propaganda is no longer working , " said Jeremy Goldkorn , the founder of Danwei.org , a popular English-language website about China . Television appears to be a key front in the cultural conflict outlined by Hu . In a stark example of the changes the authorities are seeking , the Chinese State Administration of Radio , Film and Television , the top broadcasting watchdog , announced Tuesday that the number of entertainment shows being aired in the country at prime time had dropped by more than two thirds at the end of the year , to 38 from 126 previously , according to the state-run news agency Xinhua . The sharp fall was prompted by a directive issued by the watchdog in October -- the same month as Hu 's speech -- intended to rein in "  excessive entertainment " on the country 's TV screens , Xinhua said . The order , which came into effect January 1 , restricted the number of entertainment programs that satellite channels can broadcast each week to two , with a maximum of 90 minutes of content defined as entertainment allowed during prime time -- between 7:30 p.m. and 10 p.m. . The Xinhua report said that the channels had instead "  started to broadcast programs that promote traditional virtues and socialist core values , " including documentaries and cultural and educational broadcasts . The Chinese authorities say they want to keep outside influences at bay , but the general public devours a lot of imported content . China has a strict quota of 20 foreign films per year , but preliminary figures as of mid-December indicated that Western film franchises like "  Transformers " and "  Harry Potter " were likely to occupy the top four box office spots for 2011 , according to state media . Chinese citizens are also increasingly interacting with the rest of the world , notably the United States . The number of Chinese students enrolled at U.S. colleges and universities in the 2010-11 academic year rose 23 % from a year earlier to 158,000 , according to the Institute of International Education , an nonprofit organization . To capture the attention of its own citizens and those abroad , the Chinese government appears eager to develop programming that shows off China 's own culture . In his essay , Hu admitted that China lags the United States and Europe in successfully exporting its cultural output . "  The overall strength of our culture and international influence is not commensurate with China 's international status , " according to Hu . The West , he said , "  has a stronger culture and media landscape " internationally . Hu listed a number of prescriptions to help China catch up , including , "  Cultivate a high degree of cultural awareness and cultural self-confidence , improve the quality of the whole civilized nation , and enhance national cultural soft power . " But China faces the challenge of generating more appealing indigenous content even as it imposes restrictions on TV companies ' schedules and citizens ' freedom of expression . Fearing that the turmoil in many countries across the Middle East and North Africa would incite further unrest in its own population , the Chinese government last year "  expanded restrictions on online information and access to communication services , reported government propaganda in domestic news outlets , restricted the freedom of foreign journalists , and arrested dissidents with little or no cause , " according to a report published in November by the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission , a panel that advises the U.S. Congress . Beijing has put pressure on operators of microblogs to censor posts after criticism and debate flourished on the forums , notably in the aftermath of a fatal train crash in July near Wenzhou in the eastern province of Zhejiang . And as of last month , microblog users in Beijing and many other cities have to register for the services with their real names , although they can choose to publish comments under a pseudonym . And the government may impose further restrictions in the future . The recent developments are "  part of what 's going to be over the next few years a continual tightening on culture and media , " said Danwei 's Goldkorn , a longtime observer of the Chinese media scene . "  Things are not going to get any more liberal when it comes to news , media , films , TV and the internet , " he said . CNN 's Steven Jiang , Chi-Chi Zhang and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	` Hostile forces ' are trying to ` westernize ' China , the president says in an essay The warning comes as the authorities restrict entertainment shows on TV The authorities are worried that ` propaganda is no longer working , ' an analyst says Despite a quota , Western films are likely to top the Chinese box office for 2011
CNN  -- Canada 's House of Commons voted 156-145 on Friday on a no-confidence resolution aimed at the Conservative government of Prime Minister Stephen Harper , triggering the dissolution of Parliament and elections in the next few weeks . Liberal party leader Michael Ignatieff sponsored the resolution , citing a recent House committee report that found the government in contempt for failing to provide lawmakers with requested information on its spending plans . "  The principle at stake in this debate goes to the heart of parliamentary democracy : the obligation of a government to provide members of this House with the information they need in order to hold the government accountable to the people of Canada , " Ignatieff said in prepared remarks introducing the no-confidence resolution . "  We are the people 's representatives . When the government spends money , the people have a right to know what it is to be spent on . This Parliament does not write blank cheques . " The resolution automatically triggers elections to replace the Conservative-led minority government , which has ruled Canada since 2006 . The motion was ill-conceived , said Government House Leader John Baird , a Tory . "  The Liberal members over there claimed to have found that the government has done something wrong , " Baird said . "  What they are n't telling Canadians is that this was an opposition-stacked committee who used the tyranny of the majority to get the predetermined outcome they wanted . " The no-confidence vote was the fifth in Canadian history , according to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation .	The House of Commons votes 156-145 in favor of a no-confidence motion The vote means the nation 's Conservative government will be dissolved Elections will be held to form a new government
CNN  -- Fantasia Barrino overdosed on "  aspirin and a sleep aid " and was rushed to a Charlotte , North Carolina hospital Monday night , her manager said . The overdose came the same day she read a court complaint from a woman who alleged that Barrino carried on a year-long affair with her husband , according to manager Brian Dickens . "  Her injuries are not life threatening , " Dickens said . "  She was dehydrated and exhausted at the time . " She was expected to be released from the hospital Tuesday , he said . WBTV : Fantasia Barrino 911 call Barrino publicly acknowledged the affair in a statement Tuesday issued by Dickens that said "  Fantasia fell in love with Mr. Cook and believed that he loved her . " "  Fantasia is heartbroken and is sorry for any pain she may have caused , " Dickens said in a written statement to CNN . "  Yesterday , she was totally overwhelmed by the lawsuit and the media attention . " The former "  American Idol " winner was hospitalized overnight but was expected to go home Tuesday , Dickens said . The police report obtained by CNN said Dickens called 911 to report the overdose at the singer 's home in Charlotte , North Carolina . In a child custody case filed last week , Paula Cook charged that Barrino and her husband , Antwaun Cook , became romantically involved last August . The singer fell in love with Cook based on lies he told her , Dickens said . WCNC : Fantasia was ` overwhelmed ' "  Fantasia believed Mr. Cook when he told her he was not happy in his marriage and his heart was not in it , " Dickens said . "  She believed him when he told her he and Mrs. Cook separated in the late summer of 2009 . She believed Mr. Cook when he told her he lived elsewhere . " Cook even took her to a residence where he claimed he lived apart from his wife , Dickens said . Photos of Barrino and Cook were published online in recent months , prompting questions about their relationship . "  Fantasia gave inconsistent interviews about the status of her relationship with Mr. Cook because sometimes they were on and sometimes they were off , " Dickens said . "  When they were on , they spent most of their time together when she was not traveling with work . " She read Paula Cook 's child custody complaint for the first time Monday , Dickens said . "  She knows some of the allegations in Mrs. Cook 's complaint are totally false , " he said . "  There are others she strongly doubts . There is plenty she does not know . " The petition , which said the couple separated in June , described a phone conversation in July in which Barrino allegedly told the wife : "  He do n't want you . ... Maybe the next time that you get a husband , you 'll know how to keep him . ... That 's why he is here with me . " While Barrino is not directly involved in the current legal case , North Carolina is one of only a few states that allow a spouse to sue a third party who interferes with a marriage for alienation of affection . The High Point , North Carolina , native has enjoyed a successful recording and acting career since winning "  American Idol 's " third season . Her second album , which has received favorable reviews , will be released on August 24 , while the second season of her reality show debuts next month . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	Fantasia 's manager says she fell in love based on man 's lies The singer overdosed on aspirin and a sleep aid , her manager says Brian Dickens : She was "  overwhelmed " by the lawsuit and media attention
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray were paired together in the same round robin group when the draw for the ATP World Tour Finals was made Saturday in London . With the exception of early exits in this week 's Paris Masters , the pair have dominated men 's tennis in the latter part of the season and join Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic and Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in a tough Group A for the end of season finale . Defending champion Roger Federer , who will officially lose his No. 1 ranking to Djokovic Monday , heads Group B with fourth seed David Ferrer of Spain , Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro and Janko Tipsarevic of Serbia . The top two from each group qualify for the semifinal knockout stage at the O2 Arena . Murray , who followed up his Olympic gold medal in the singles with victory in the U.S. Open , where he beat Djokovic in an epic final , will play Berdych in his opener Monday . "  There 's always pressure at all of the major tournaments you play but I feel a little bit more relaxed coming in this year than I have in previous years because I managed to win the U.S. Open , " he told Press Association . "  But the only thing I can guarantee is that I 'll give 110 % on the court , fight as hard as I can until the end of all the matches and see where that gets me . Hopefully it 'll get me a few wins . " Murray last met Djokovic in another gripping final at the Shanghai Masters where the Serbian came out on top to boost his chances of regaining the No. 1 spot from Wimbledon champion Federer . French Open champion Rafael Nadal is the only player in the top eight of the rankings to be absent in London , still recovering from his knee problems . Meanwhile at the Paris Masters , unseeded Pole Jerzy Janowicz continued his extraordinary run as he beat Frenchman Gilles Simon 6-4 7-5 to reach the final . The towering Janowicz beat Murray from match point down in the third round and once again showed his potential with a comfortable win over the home favorite at Bercy . He will play Ferrer , who beat another Frenchman , Michael Llodra , 7-5 6-3 in the second semifinal . Janowicz , 21 , had to come through qualifying to take part in the Masters 1000 tournament and will be playing his seventh match in the French capital Sunday . In the women 's Fed Cup final Saturday , Petra Kvitova gave holders Czech Republic a 2-0 lead when she beat Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic 6-4 6-1 in the second singles . Kvitova is still recovering from the virus which forced her out of last week 's WTA Championship but needed only an hour and 20 minutes to see off Jankovic . In the first rubber of the final , Lucie Safarova beat former World No. 1 Ana Ivanovic 6-4 6-3 . Sunday will see a doubles match and the reverse singles in Prague .	Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray drawn in same group at ATP World Tour Finals Defending champion Roger Federer heads other section in London next week Qualifier Jerzy Janowicz of Poland reaches Paris Masters final Czech Republic lead Serbia 2-0 in the Fed Cup final
CNN  -- Looking to get away this holiday season ? Who better to find the deals than agents catering to notoriously cash-strapped students ? We spoke with Patrick Evans of the student travel agency STA Travel , Danielle Carlson of StudentUniverse and Anne Banas of Smarter Travel , who offered recommendations for five places around the globe that offer an especially great value for trips from December 1 through January 25 . The first two weeks of December and the first week of January are known as "  dead weeks " in the travel industry , and are the "  absolute best time to travel in the entire year , " Banas said . So why not follow college students during their winter break to visit awesome destinations at low prices ? 1 . Costa Rica With an average temperature of 72 degrees during the winter , travelers will enjoy a wonderful climate during a holiday retreat to Costa Rica . Visitors can explore tons of outdoor activities including beaches , canopy tours and national parks . "  Latin American countries are a great value right now because a lot of airlines are increasing service to these locations , " Banas said . Carlson added that Costa Rica is her company 's top selling Latin American location , followed by Buenos Aires , Argentina ; Santiago , Chile ; and Lima , Peru . 2 . Lima , Peru Speaking of Lima , why not spend winter break visiting the largest city in Peru ? Adventurous travelers can venture beyond the metropolis to explore the jungle , climb the Andes Mountains , and discover the lost city of the Incas . "  Air travel is great in Lima , with tons of low-cost carriers flying there , " Banas said . Check out other great travel tips and destinations at Five To Go 3 . Panama City , Florida Panama City and neighboring Panama City Beach are n't just for spring breakers . Indulge in shopping , helicopter tours , or spend a day at Ripley 's Believe It or Not Museum . With highs in the 60s even during winter , there 's always something to do in the area . Florida also boasts another destination with good values during winter break : Orlando , Carlson said . Many of the major attractions in the area offer deals this time of year . You can avoid the shoulder-to-shoulder crowds right after the New Year 's holiday , when theme parks often reach capacity . 4 . Boston , Massachusetts "  Boston is really , really cheap and affordable to get to , " Banas said . While travel prices tend to be rising nationwide , it is actually getting less expensive to travel to Boston . "  Jet Blue is now using Logan Airport in Boston as a secondary hub , " Banas explained . Additionally , AirTran has had a strong presence in Boston , and with Southwest just starting to fly into the airport last year , it makes Logan a powerhouse of low-cost airlines . So if the cold does n't bother you , winter break would be the best time to come check out the museums and all this city has to offer . 5 . London , England , and Paris , France Wave at the Queen during a trip to London or visit Paris for some pastries and French berets . "  For Europe , we 're seeing a huge interest in flights to London , with Paris ranking second , " Carlson said . Additionally , London and Paris are among StudentUniverse 's top destinations in Europe for hotels offering a great value . "  British Airways is offering some crazy cheap hotel packages , with roundtrip flights from 20 major U.S. cities and two nights in a London hotel for $ 412 if you book by November 3 , " Banas said . London and Paris are year-round destinations , so why not visit during the off-season for tourists ? "  During the winter travel months -- excluding holidays like Thanksgiving and Christmas -- many of the European destinations are going to be just as beautiful as they are during the summer , but with less tourists you 'll have shorter lines for the sites and often find more welcoming local businesses since they are n't overrun with tourists , " Evans said . In fact , December is said to be the best time to visit France , as the already beautiful country is decorated with lights , holiday ribbons , and is full of Christmas markets . Banas said the post-holiday deals are often posted right after Thanksgiving . Add that to your Black Friday shopping list !	Many airlines are increasing service to Latin America , making it a great value While travel prices tend to be rising , it is getting less expensive to travel to Boston London and Paris are just as beautiful in the winter , but offer better values and fewer tourists
CNN  -- Jeanne Campbell , who has broken bones in her legs , was sitting in her Lewisburg , West Virginia , home when a massive storm barreled through late last week and a tree came crashing through her roof . "  I just heard the thump on the house and saw the bricks flying , and I was afraid it was gon na come on down through the ceiling , " she told CNN on Wednesday . She managed to get up and move to the center of the house . "  Amazing what you can do when you have to , " she said . The tree 's impact left a large , visible crack through her ceiling . Now , days later , Campbell sits on her porch in a wheelchair , surviving record heat with no power and a quickly dwindling supply of food . Her husband managed to get some staples such as bread . "  There was no lunch meat or anything that we found in the stores , but there is always peanut butter , " she told CNN with a smile . "  We 're tough , we 'll make it . West Virginians -- we can make it . " The lack of power and limited food supply have put her in the same boat as millions of others this week . Triple digit strategies for staying healthy As of Wednesday night , 699,000 customers scattered across 11 states had no electricity , down from about 1.8 million late Monday -- and from a peak of 4 million over the weekend . A household is considered one customer , so the actual number of people without power is higher . Pepco power company , which serves the D.C. metro area , said it expected to restore power by the end of Wednesday to 90 % of its customers who lost electricity . West Virginia Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin said about 300,000 customers were without power Wednesday morning . That number appeared to have dropped to 238,000 by evening . Parts of his state as well as South Dakota , Iowa and Nebraska were under heat advisory warnings . Excessive heat warnings were in place for portions of Minnesota , Wisconsin , Indiana , Missouri , Illinois and Kentucky . The National Weather Service said those areas would be scorched with temperatures near or above triple digits . As Americans celebrated Independence Day , many in the affected regions are focused on finding ways to get by until power can finally be restored . Eddie Harmon and his family in South Charleston , West Virginia , have spent nights sleeping in a car just to avoid the oppressive heat inside their home . One of his daughters has gone to stay with her grandmother , who has a generator . He walked to visit some neighbors to make sure they 're OK , he said in an iReport . Getting around is tough because many gas stations have run out of supplies . People are running out of cash as well and the ATMs have run out , he said . Ironically , a previous power outage paid off , he said . His deep-freeze freezer had 3 inches of solid ice at the bottom because of a power outage two winters ago -- and that helped keep some chicken cold enough to be safe for cooking . "  I actually had cold Corn Flakes last night before I went to bed because I had milk that was still good , " he said in a YouTube video Tuesday . Tomblin said Wednesday that while food is in short supply , "  we 've made a lot of progress " since the storm . Gadgets to help you survive a power outage The Democrat praised federal officials for their assistance . The Federal Emergency Management Agency "  has responded fantastically , " providing generators and ice within hours of the state 's request , he said . Jeanne Campbell was among those who got power back and then lost it again -- meaning more wasted money and more wasted food . And with the large tree that shaded her house now down , she ca n't spend much time indoors . "  With a tin roof , it 's gon na get even hotter now , " she said . But , she added with a smile , she can deal with the inconveniences . "  I 'm not worried . " David McMann , in Charleston , West Virginia , has paid a price for the storm and lack of power at his home . He raises koi fish and lost three as a result . "  It was hard to watch them die , and stand by knowing I had done all I could do . " One of the fish "  was 15 years old and had become almost a friend , if that is possible , " he said in an iReport . "  This has been an expensive storm for us in more ways than one . This was to have been our vacation . Our traveling has been put off , for we do not have any idea when the power will be restored . I am 63 years old and have been through hurricanes in Virginia and Florida . I have never experienced the wrath of nature any stronger than what blew through these mountains on Friday evening . " While some of the most harrowing tales come from West Virginia , people throughout much of the Northeast have been struggling as well . Mark Cohen sent iReport a video of his destroyed yard and neighborhood in Mays Landing , New Jersey , showing downed trees , smashed cars and damage to his home . "  We would have been better off with a tornado , " he said . Cohen , his daughter and his girlfriend have been sleeping in the basement to stay cool . Despite damage to his home , Cohen is looking at the bigger picture . "  When you see this around you -- I 'm not an emotional guy -- you quickly think , ` Wow this is nothing . It could have been so much worse , ' " he said . "  You think about the people around the country losing their houses and you ca n't complain . It 's inconvenient , but big picture , we 're fine . " The heat-driven storm that started Friday has resulted in at least 22 deaths from Ohio to New Jersey , 13 of them in Virginia . Another three people in North Carolina died in a second round of storms Sunday . People react to record temps : "  It 's not the heat , it 's the stupidity " CNN 's Maria White , Jake Carpenter and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : Nearly 700,000 remained without power Wednesday night NEW : Death toll from storms , aftermath now at 22 Nearly 800,000 people without power Wednesday afternoon "  Amazing what you can do when you have to , " a West Virginia resident says
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a bestselling author whose current book is "  When We Get to Surf City : A Journey Through America in Pursuit of Rock and Roll , Friendship , and Dreams . " Peggy Sue Gerron , left , and Jerry Allison , right , at Buddy Holly 's wedding to Maria Elena Holly . CNN  -- After days on end of grim and dreary news , the first weekend of spring is with us , and with its arrival comes , to many people , the yearly promise of new romance and a chance for lasting love . But if figuring out the secrets of how to revive a battered economy is something that is complicated and elusive , that quandary is simple in comparison to matters of the heart . The legendary experts on romance , star-crossed and otherwise , are generally not available for comment . Romeo and Juliet have left the building . However , there is one person I know who has a better feel for the vagaries of love than most , and I sought her out the other day . "  Spring is the time when you allow yourself to hope that love will come around again , " said Peggy Sue Gerron . You may not recognize her full name , but you sure do recognize the first part of it . Yep -- she 's that Peggy Sue . The Peggy Sue of Buddy Holly 's unforgettable 1957 hit , a song of longing and heartbreak that is instantly familiar today even to people who were n't born until decades after it came out . "  If you knew Peggy Sue , then you 'd know why I feel blue ... " Juliet , that other symbol of the glory of love , may have been a fictional creation of William Shakespeare 's imagination , but Peggy Sue was , and is , real . She lives in West Texas , just as she did when Buddy Holly recorded the song . She was actually not even his girlfriend , although she sensed a certain yearning on his part . She was the girlfriend of Jerry Allison , the drummer for the Crickets , Holly 's band . "  I think the reason people think about finding love in the spring is that the season represents new beginnings , " she said . "  The flowers are blooming . The air smells good . You feel that you have a chance . " In the song , Peggy Sue , implicitly , was the one who did the dumping , not the one who got dumped . But time has made her understand : "  I think , I really believe , that on a rare occasion , two people in life run across each other in a path like two comets . And when it happens , I think that feeling lasts forever . " Which is to say : With a love so rare and true . And that , she said , is what makes people keep looking for love regardless of how many times they may have tried and failed . She has a theory of what being in love does to a person : "  Your eyes are a little bit shinier and your skin is a little bit clearer when you 're in love . When you meet that person , you think : Whatever you 're doing , I want to be right beside you when you 're doing it . I want to be near you just because I like to see your smile . " Not that being Peggy Sue means she has all the answers . "  I do n't , " she said . She is 68 now ; she has been married twice , divorced twice . When she introduces herself to new people , they often say , "  Oh -- like the Peggy Sue in the song ! " Sometimes she tells them she is in fact that Peggy Sue ; sometimes she lets it go . It 's an uphill battle to convince them she 's not kidding . And as the woman who eternally will be a symbol of true love 's ways , she thinks she understands why people never give up on hoping to find the right person . "  You have a tendency to put the walls up after you 've been hurt , " she said . "  You think it 's not worth trying again . But then you do it anyway . It 's like it 's not even up to you . It 's stronger than your intellect . " For those who , as spring arrives , have just lost a great love , her advice for dealing with the sadness is to remember that some people never find love in their whole lives . "  Even if you 're the one to get left , you 've been lucky to have the feeling . And the feeling , unlike the person , will never leave you . " Somewhere this spring -- many somewheres , undoubtedly -- the words , sung for the first time more than 50 years ago , will come blasting once again out of a car dashboard 's speakers : "  Pretty , pretty , pretty , pretty Peggy Sue . " And people in 2009 , hearing it , will remember anew just how much happiness the right person can bring . "  When I first heard the song , " Peggy Sue said , "  I just thought the drums and the lyrics and the melody were so great , it made me want to get up and dance . As I grew older , it began to seem like more of a love song to me . It began to seem more like a song about not giving up . " Living in Lubbock , Texas , a ham radio enthusiast in an age of Twitter and text messages , she said she is currently not dating anyone . And with the arrival of spring , and its universal promise of life 's best possibilities , she acknowledges that there is hope in her own heart , too . "  Always , " said Peggy Sue . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Peggy Sue , of famous Buddy Holly song , lives in west Texas He says she has a theory about what love does to a person Greene : As spring arrives , Peggy Sue admits she has hope in her heart
In 2009 , Shanghai participated for the first time in the OECD 's Programme for International Student Assessment  PISA  , the tri-annual survey of the world 's school systems . And when Shanghai 's teenagers proved their math , science , and reading were much better than their peers in the United States , Germany , and Japan , the world was shocked and awed . Here , much more so than the 2008 Beijing Olympics or Shanghai 's skyscrapers or China 's double-digit growth , was proof positive that the future belonged to China . The latest PISA results released this week show that Shanghai schools are still number one , but , as I argued after Shanghai 's first placing in 2009 , the triumph comes at too great a cost . The dog-eat-dog and winner-take-all mentality of China 's school system is n't just making children unhappy and unhealthy -- it 's also causing cheating and bribery , leading to an unfair and unequal school system . The teachers A tour of any Shanghai junior high school offers an easy explanation as to why Shanghai placed first on the PISA . They may be crammed and overcrowded , but the halls are clean and tidy , classrooms packed with attentive and focused students , and meeting rooms filled with university-educated and highly-motivated teachers trading notes on how to better design their 45-minute lesson . The incentives to succeed bind the school together , and guide it . Teachers are paid about 10,000 yuan a month  $ 1,640  , which makes them solidly middle-class in Shanghai . In their PISA performance , Shanghai 's students show "  a high level of resilience , " which is to say that poor students do better than expected . That 's in large part because the Shanghai government is committed to leaving no child behind : It funds all schools equally , partners high-performing schools with low-performing ones and offers fast-track promotions to administrators who can turn around bad schools . In one Shanghai junior high school I visited , teachers stayed after school to tutor failing students -- and the head teacher there honored those teachers in school assemblies . But these teachers can drive Audis if their students do well enough on tests : Yes , administrators can give teachers bonuses , but the real money is in grateful parents and moonlighting at for-profit cram schools  after school tutoring programs  . And the head that honored teachers who tutored failing kids told me that in her experience , the best indicator of a student 's school performance is his/her socio-economic background . She said the tutoring of poor kids is just a bandage , a way to get them through the system and not have them drag the school down . The parents Because Shanghai 's schools are so good , Shanghai parents have to pay -- even if it 's not exorbitant tuition fees . Shanghai 's real estate market is notoriously expensive , but it 's downright unaffordable in the neighborhoods of Shanghai 's very best public elementary schools , and when families ca n't use real estate to buy into the best schools , they try to bribe their way in . This culture of bribing public school officials means I ca n't maintain friendships , make new ones , and date -- a girl I dated in 2010 told me she 'd give me 200,000 yuan  $ 32,800  to get her sister into my school . And because Shanghai 's elementary school classrooms have 30 or 40 students , parents trip over each other in the mad rush to take teachers out to dinner and offer gifts in the hope that their only child gets a little more attention . The bribery is on top of every other advantage that Shanghai 's wealthy parents have bestowed upon their only child : Weekend piano , math , and English classes , private tutoring , summer camp in America , vacations in Europe and above all a born-to-succeed attitude . The students For the students , the race is to see who can enter Shanghai 's best two universities -- Fudan University and Jiao Tong . But it 's just not the prospect of a good job that drives students on . Scoring highly on tests in Shanghai is like scoring a lot of touchdowns in Texas -- it 's what wins you social respect , and soon comes to define your identity and self-worth . There 's substantial social science research -- popularized in books such as Daniel Pink 's Drive -- that suggests performance-based incentives are bad for students and teachers . Incentives do not just make students stressed , lonely , and unhappy -- they also kill student 's innate curiosity , creativity , and love of learning . And high-stakes testing has led to a culture of cheating in China . Last year , when authorities tried to stop cheating , a riot broke out -- parents were angry that their children were being singled out when everyone was cheating . The best model ? In the excitement over Shanghai 's PISA victory we tend to forget the real lesson to be learned : How Finland can be the real model for education reform in the world . Finland , which ranked 12th in the 2012 math rankings , may not be number one , but , in my experience from visiting the country , it 's succeeded in equipping all Finnish students with the tools to succeed in the knowledge economy without sacrificing their childhood , curiosity and creativity . After Shanghai children leave school at 4 p.m. , they go on to cram school and do homework until bedtime . In stark contrast , when Finnish children leave school at noon , they just go play for the whole day . That Finnish students do almost as well as their Shanghai peers on PISA suggest that long school days , cram schools , and homework are not really about helping students learn -- it 's more about pleasing anxious , demanding , and hyper-competitive parents . Of course , there 's a rising tide of Chinese parents who care more about their child 's well-being than his or her test score . And these wealthy and well-educated parents who understand the costs and sacrifices of Shanghai 's PISA victory are emigrating abroad or opting for new private Western-style schools that have sprung up in major Chinese cities . That 's bad news for Chinese education reform because those who are in the best position to make a stand are instead voting with their feet .	Shanghai schools came top in the OECD 's internaional education rankings Shanghai 's triumph comes at too greater cost , argues teacher Jiang Xueqin Cheating and bribery are problems at Chinese schools , he says . "  Dog-eat-dog " mentality makes schoolchildren unhappy and unhealthy
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British mother of a child who died after being brutally abused has been jailed indefinitely . A police computer image of some of the facial injuries suffered by baby Peter . The child 's -- originally known as Baby P -- horrifying death caused a furor in Britain , with the media , public and politicians united in demanding to know how his terrible injuries were missed by social workers , police and medical staff . Judge Stephen Kramer also Friday jailed the 27-year-old mum 's boyfriend for life with a minimum of 12 years and their lodger , Jason Owen , 37 , indefinitely but with a minimum of three years , the British Press Association reported . The boyfriend , 32 , was also convicted of raping a two-year-old girl . Baby P 's mum has to serve a minimum of five years . She and her boyfriend can not be named . Baby P -- he could not be known by his first name , Peter , until the recent lifting of a court order -- was only 17 months old when he was found dead in his blood-spattered cot in August 2007 . He had more than 50 injuries , including a broken back and fractured ribs , despite being on London 's Haringey council 's at-risk register and receiving 60 visits from social workers , doctors and police over eight months . The resulting public outrage saw the government 's child secretary , Ed Balls , step in to demand the removal of the council 's head of children 's services , Sharon Shoesmith , with two other leading officials also stepping down . Shoesmith had to be placed under police guard after death threats were made . Judge Kramer told Peter 's mother that she was "  a manipulative and self-centered person , with a calculating side as well as a temper . " Watch more on the case " "  Your conduct over the months prevented Peter from being seen by social services . You actively deceived the authorities ... you acted selfishly because your priority was your relationship , " he told the court , PA reported . Judge Kramer 's comments echoed the country 's response to the case . "  Any decent person who heard the catalogue of medical conditions and non-accidental injuries suffered by Peter can not fail to have been appalled . " A second serious review of the case commissioned by Balls and released Friday , also reiterated that Peter 's death "  could and should have been prevented . " Graham Badman , the chairman of Haringey Local Safeguarding Children Board , which conducted the review said : "  I believe the most important lesson arising from this case is that professionals charged with ensuring child safety must be deeply skeptical of any explanations , justifications or excuses they may hear in connection with the apparent maltreatment of children . "  If they have any doubt about the cause of physical injuries or what appears to be maltreatment , they should act swiftly and decisively . Badman said the review found that if "  doctors , lawyers , police officers and social workers had adopted a more urgent , thorough and challenging approach , the case would have been stopped in its tracks at the first serious incident . " "  Baby Peter deserved better from the services that were supposed to protect him , " Badman said .	British mother of child who died after brutal abuse has been jailed indefinitely Her boyfriend and lodger are also sent to jail over Baby P 's horrific injuries Case caused an outrage in Britain after raft of people missed chance to stop abuse
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- The suspected head of an Italian mafia murder squad eluded police for a third time , and may have escaped through the sewer pipes , according to Italian media reports . Italian police examine a sewer that may have offered an escape route for a suspected mafia boss . Giuseppe Setola , 38 , is believed to have slipped into a tunnel built under his hideout near Naples , Italy on Monday , as police closed in on him , according to Italy 's state-run ANSA news agency and reports in the La Repubblica and Corriere Della Sera newspapers . That tunnel connects to the sewer system in the nearby town of Caserta , north of Naples . Corriere published photos of anti-mafia police searching through what was described as Setola 's trash-strewn bunker and the tunnel . Anti-mafia police have been searching for Setola for months , and have already arrested his wife and two suspected members of his crew , according to the reports . Monday was the third time he avoided arrest . Setola is allegedly the head of a killing team run by the powerful Casalesi clan which belongs to the Neapolitan mafia known as Camorra . He got out of jail last spring after a doctor ruled that he was legally blind . Prosecutors have opened an investigation into that ruling . The Casalesi clan is featured in the best-selling book "  Gomorrah " -- a play on the word "  Camorra " -- written by Roberto Saviano who now lives under constant police protection . Saviano recently said he may have to leave Italy to escape constant death threats from the mafia and its supporters . Police began cracking down on Setola and his colleagues after the murder of six West African immigrants in the nearby town of Castel Volturno in September . After those killings , the Italian government activated the army to help bolster efforts against the Casalesi clan , which is believed to have killed more than 20 people since May . The two suspected members of his squad have given police information about his movements . In November , police arrested an Italian police officer suspected of informing Setola about police operations .	Italian mafia suspect may have escaped through the sewer pipes , reports say . Setola is allegedly head of killing team run by the powerful Casalesi clan Tunnel found connecting to sewer system in the nearby town of Caserta
"  With a bang , " George Strother told reporters when asked how his morning started . A BMW sport utility vehicle crashed through the roof of the family 's garage in Escondido , California , in the early hours of Wednesday morning . "  My wife thought it was an earthquake , she was really freaked out , " Strother later said . The Strothers ' house sits below street level , so an out-of-control car that careened off the roadway could land on top of the garage . "  The first thing that we saw , " Strother said to reporters , "  the BMW that had come through the roof had landed on the hood of our  Nissan  Pathfinder . " Police and firefighters stood by while a tow truck pulled the luxury SUV through the ceiling , into the garage , and dragged it out and across the driveway using the tow truck cables . What remains , according to Strother , is "  a hole big enough to drive a BMW SUV through , " though he believes there is little overall structural damage to the garage . The driver has not been located , Lt. Eric Skaja of the Escondido police told CNN by phone , and the automobile is a dealer loaner car . The person to whom the vehicle was loaned has been identified , but has not come forward or been arrested so far . The police currently are investigating the incident as a misdemeanor hit and run . If it turns out the driver was under the influence , Skaja said the penalty for a DUI is significantly more serious than the penalty for a misdemeanor hit and run . The Strothers , though , were never in danger . Their bedroom is at the other end of the house .	BMW crashes through roof of garage at house that sits lower than street level Police say the BMW was a loaner from a car dealer Driver 's identity is known , but the person has not come forward so far
CNN  -- Award-winning writer/producer Don Payne , one of the creative minds who contributed to "  The Simpsons , " died this week at his home in Los Angeles , CNN has confirmed . According to reports , he lost his battle with bone cancer . " ` The Simpsons ' family is mourning the loss of our dear friend Don Payne , " tweeted executive producer Matt Selman on Wednesday . "  Don was a gentle soul and a funny , passionate writer . Farewell , Don . " Payne won four Emmys for his work on "  The Simpsons , " for which he was most recently a consulting producer , according to the Los Angeles Times . One of the episodes he wrote , "  Fraudcast News , " earned the Paul Selvin Award from the Writers Guild of America in 2005 . He then segued into film with 2006 's "  My Super Ex-Girlfriend , " a comedy that starred Uma Thurman and Luke Wilson . From there , he co-wrote the scripts for "  Fantastic 4 : The Rise of the Silver Surfer " and "  Thor . " "  Much to my wife 's chagrin , I am a superhero geek , " Payne told the L.A. Times in 2006 . "  Definitely growing up I was into comics and became a comedy writer as an adult , so I put the two things together . " "  Thor , " "  Avengers " and "  S.H.I.E.L.D. " star Clark Gregg , for one , loved that about him . "  Farewell to the wonderful #DonPayne writer on #Thor and #Thor 2 , " Gregg tweeted . "  gentleman , artist and beautiful fellow geek . " Added "  Thor " actress Kat Dennings , "  A wonderful , beautiful man has passed away . Don Payne , I am lucky to have known you . You are so missed . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Writer/producer Don Payne died at his home in Los Angeles Payne won four Emmys for his work on ` The Simpsons ' He also co-wrote script for the movie "  Thor "
