CNN  -- Gay rights activists are planning to hold on Friday a "  national same-sex kiss day at Chick-fil-A , " the restaurant chain whose president 's opposition to same-sex marriage sparked a media frenzy . "  Let 's show Chick-fil-A thanks for their support of Love , Equality , and the Real Definition of Marriage ! " organizers posted on their Facebook page . Same-sex couples are expected to arrive at restaurants across the country and kiss in protest , then post video or photos of the event on social media . Chicken , with a side of politics But on Wednesday , throngs of others weighed in on the Chick-fil-A debate , buying chicken sandwiches at stores to show their support of the chain . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee dubbed it "  Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day . " He called for a vocal response to the backlash against the fast food chain and its president and COO , Dan Cathy . The controversy started after an interview with Cathy appeared in The Baptist Press on July 16 . He weighed in with his views on family . "  We are very much supportive of the family -- the biblical definition of the family unit , " Cathy said . "  We are a family-owned business , a family-led business , and we are married to our first wives . We give God thanks for that . " After criticism from gay rights activists , Huckabee and others called for a show of support for the chain on Wednesday . The response packed the restaurants . Lines snaked around a Chick-fil-A in Dallas , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . Patrons packed a Chick-fil-A in Smyrna , Georgia . A food court with a Chick-fil-A was flooded in Laurel , Mississippi . On Facebook , fans posted photos of themselves holding bags emblazoned with the restaurant chain 's bright red logo . Edwin Guzman told CNN 's iReport that he waited about 30 minutes for his lunch at a "  crazy packed " Chick-fil-A in Clarksville , Tennessee . Chick-fil-A 's stance on same-sex marriage faces test "  It 's really hard to find people or leaders that stand for something good and stay firm , " he said of the restaurant chain . In Barboursville , West Virginia , Brett Walker said , "  the scene at Chick-fil-A seemed like a massive silent protest . " Walker said he chose to eat at the restaurant Wednesday "  in support of free speech " and waited 40 minutes to receive his order . A police officer directed traffic as cars jammed the area , and employees walked car to car in the drive-thru line to take orders , he said . Demonstrations near you ? Share with us on CNN iReport . The company , which said it was not involved in creating the event , says it set a sales record on Wednesday , The chain wo n't release sales numbers , but "  we can confirm reports that it was a record-setting day , " said Steve Robinson , Chick-fil-A 's executive vice president of marketing . Proponents of same-sex marriage organized a simple counterprotest for Wednesday , asking people to donate the approximate cost of a Chick-fil-A meal , about $ 6.50 , to gay and lesbian rights groups , according to the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation , known as GLAAD . Complete coverage on the Chick-fil-A debate	Gay rights activists are planning to hold a "  national same-sex kiss day at Chick-fil-A " Crowds jam restaurants in support of Chick-fil-A on Wednesday One Chick-fil-A patron tells iReport he went Wednesday "  in support of free speech "
CNN  -- I 've returned to Washington after a long time away in my home in Britain to get a sense of the political mood in the run-up to the 2016 presidential election . And I 'm pretty depressed to discover that everyone is talking about Jeb Bush . It 's not that he would n't make a strong candidate for the GOP . It 's that the thought of a third Bush in the White House feels distinctly un-American . Like you 're all giving up on the whole "  revolution " thing in favor of English-style aristocracy . Speculation was reignited -- one suspects entirely by accident -- when George P. Bush told ABC that his father is "  giving -LSB- the presidency -RSB- serious thought and moving ... forward . " I 've heard the opposite , that the candidate has n't quite got the requisite enthusiasm . He also has plenty of weaknesses hidden by the fact that he has n't declared yet  voters are always far keener on people who are n't officially running than those who are  . As Chris Cillizza wrote in The Washington Post , the former Florida governor 's polling is unspectacular , he disagrees with the GOP base on some important issues and his patrician tone is better-suited to a general election than to a primary campaign . Having said that , Jeb would still be a more than worthy addition to the race that right now is full of newbies to national politics  Ted Cruz , Rand Paul , etc.  . He has gravitas , executive experience in a major state and a record of winning votes among the groups to which Republicans know they need to reach out . Bush speaks Spanish , his wife was born in Mexico and he took an astonishing 61 % of the Hispanic vote in the 1998 governor 's race . There 's a case for putting Jeb on the ticket just to win Florida back : its growing , non-Cuban , Hispanic population helped give it to Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 . But there is one big argument against a Bush candidacy : his name . I hate to sound so superficial , but I sense that it does matter for a whole host of complex psychological reasons . It brings back memories of his brother , George W. , who polls suggest is blamed by a significant number of people for America 's problems . If the race is Bush vs. Clinton in 2016 , then it 's a clash of nostalgias -- and Americans ' feelings about the Clinton years are probably a lot warmer than they are about the Bush ones . It 's job security vs. credit crunch and relative peace vs. endless war . The irony is that Jeb is probably politically a little more polished than either his brother or even father  he does n't suffer from the strange verbal tics of George W. and George H.W. -- recall that the family patriarch once told people that he 'd had "  some sex " with Ronald Reagan  . But by sheer coincidence of running for office after them , he will be associated with their myriad weaknesses . Moreover , family matriarch Barbara Bush was quite correct when she said that there was something innately unsettling about the thought of yet another Bush running for the presidency . Last year , she told Matt Lauer that although Jeb was the best candidate available  that 's a proud mom speaking  : "  I think it 's a great country , there are a lot of great families , and it 's not just four families whatever . There are other people out there that are very qualified , and we 've had enough Bushes . " The same could be said about the Clintons , but you probably wo n't find a Clinton modest enough to say it . Barbara has stopped saying it , according to The New York Times , because the family has asked her to quit . America is supposed to be a democracy and , as such , its citizens should not tolerate aristocratic oligarchs lightly . If Jeb Bush ran and won , there would have been no decade without a Bush in the White House since the 1970s . And no Republican ticket would have won without a Bush or a Nixon on it since 1928 . It 's perfectly possible that the Bush family is uniquely talented . But it 's more likely that a dearth of political talent in the United States has allowed them to concentrate far too much power in their hands . That they might go up against the Clintons in 2016 makes journalists salivate at the prospect of a "  grudge match . " But is it really healthy for American democracy forever to be looking backward ? Especially at a moment in time when politics is defined by gridlock , I sense that Washington , and the rest of the country , is exhausted by old battles over policy . What 's needed is a fresh new start . That might translate into a vote for youth  Marco Rubio  , for a new philosophical direction  Elizabeth Warren or Rand Paul  or for the elevation of a "  common man " who gets the middle-class  Chris Christie  . What I doubt it 'll mean is the keys of the White House returning to the Bush family . For all their undoubted service to the presidency , they do n't own it .	Tim Stanley : It 's depressing to hear people talking about Jeb Bush and a possible 2016 run He says Bush has merits compared to GOP newbies But a Bush vs. Clinton race would be a giant step backward in time , Stanley says Stanley : Washington exhausted by old policy battles , players ; needs fresh ideas , new start
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- German federal police seized two suspected terrorists from a Dutch passenger aircraft at Cologne airport Friday shortly before it was due to take off for Amsterdam , officials told CNN . The arrests were made at Cologne 's airport . A 23-year-old Somali national and a 24-year-old German citizen who had been born in Mogadishu were arrested on a KLM plane at 6.55 am local time  0455 GMT  , a police spokesman said . Police said "  farewell " letters had been found from the men that led them to suspect they were intending to carry out terror attacks . It was not revealed where the letters were found or how long the men had been under observation . Walter Roemer , press spokesman at Cologne-Bonn airport , said that the arrests had been "  very unspectacular " . He said federal police boarded the plane and arrested the two suspects , "  without them showing any resistance . " The two had been among 40 passengers en route to Amsterdam . All those on board were asked to disembark while the suspects ' luggage was identified . The plane took off for Amsterdam after a delay of one hour and 20 minutes . She said everyone was then forced to leave the plane , and there was a "  baggage parade " to see whose bags belonged to whom . Watch more details on the incident . " Amsterdam 's Schipol airport Web site listed flight KL 1804 , the scheduled morning flight from Cologne to Amsterdam , as having arrived at 9.17 am local time , one hour and two minutes after it was due to arrive . In September 2007 , German authorities arrested three suspected militants planning what were described as "  massive " attacks on American targets in Germany . German media said at the time that potential targets could have included Ramstein Air Base , the U.S. military 's main installation in Germany , or the major international hub of Frankfurt Airport . Terrorism expert Sajjan Gohel told CNN the arrest showed Germany faces a major threat from extremists . Watch Gohel explain details behind the arrests " "  This was a long term operation , there was a couple of individuals that the German intelligence agency was monitoring , " he said . "  The feeling was that they had come back specifically with the purpose of planning and plotting a terrorist attack . " CNN 's Diana Magnay in Berlin contributed to this report Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Police board KLM flight in Cologne early Friday to arrest suspects Two suspects said to be Somali man , 23 and German born in Somalia , 24 Police say "  farewell " letters found from the men
Shannon Maureen Conley 's plan to join ISIS and serve as a nurse at a jihadist camp ended Wednesday with a guilty plea to a terror charge in a Colorado federal court . Conley , 19 , was arrested at Denver International Airport in April as she was about to embark on a journey to Germany and eventually to an ISIS camp near the Turkish border . She told investigators that she was going to Turkey to await word from her suitor , identified in court documents as Yousr Mouelhi , an ISIS member she met on the Internet , whom she planned to marry . Conley , a convert to Islam who wore a blue and white striped jail uniform and a traditional Muslim headscarf , appeared before a federal judge Wednesday and pleaded guilty to charge of conspiracy to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization . A certified nurse aide , Conley faces a maximum penalty of five years in federal prison and up to a $ 250,000 fine . U.S. District Judge Raymond Moore set sentencing for January 23 and ordered that she have a psychiatric evaluation . As part of the plea agreement , Conley must provide law enforcement agencies with information about others looking to help terrorist organizations abroad . In a statement after the plea , Conley 's federal defender Robert Pepin referred to his client as Halima Shannon Conley . "  She 's also a 19-year-old woman of faith who was pursuing her faith and , unfortunately , as she pursued it she was led terribly astray , " the statement said . "  That , in turn , led her to make some poor choices and she is now paying the price of those choices . " Since her arrest , Pepin said , "  the news out of the part of the world to which she was headed has been just awful . " "  Like all of us , Halima has been horrified to learn of the slaughter and oppression at the hands of the people controlling ISIS , " Pepin said in the statement . "  It was never her vision to have any role in any of that . She would like everyone to know that her heart ... and her prayers go out to ... the families of those who have been killed , and to anyone who has been oppressed by those forces . Finally , Halima is fully aware that the fact that she was arrested may have very well saved her . " Conley may not be the only American fighting alongside ISIS . More than 100 Americans have tried to join various militant groups in Syria , U.S. officials say . While some are aligned with ISIS , the fighters shift allegiance and it 's difficult to pin down a specific number , officials say . Douglas McAuthur McCain , a 33-year-old reared in Minnesota , died in a battle between rival extremist groups in the suburbs of Aleppo , Syria 's largest city , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a British-based group that monitors the conflict . Attorney General Eric Holder estimated this summer that there are 7,000 foreign fighters in the war-ravaged Middle Eastern nation . McCain was not the first of these American militants to die in Syria . Islamists touted the role of a 22-year-old man -- identified by State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki as Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha , who grew up and went to school in Florida -- in a northern Syria suicide bombing conducted in coordination with al-Nusra Front earlier this year . In Colorado , Conley allegedly told FBI agents that she was going to be with a member of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , that she had met online . She told federal agents she had read a book called "  Al-Qaida 's Doctrine for Insurgency " and intended to wage jihad against the United States , according to the criminal complaint . When she was arrested , Conley had in her possession certification papers for first aid and nursing , the U.S. Army Explorers and the National Rifle Association , according to court documents . "  It 's a difficult time for us , " her mother , Ana Conley , told CNN last month , when court documents in the case were unsealed . According to court papers , Conley 's parents were aware she had converted to Islam , but did not know about her interest in violent jihad . Her father , John , reportedly caught Shannon talking to her suitor , described as a 32-year-old Tunisian man , on Skype . Man arrested after overseas trip , accused of sympathizing with ISIS The couple asked for the father 's blessing and he refused , the court papers said . On April 1 , John called FBI to report he had found plane ticket for later that month to Turkey . Her daughter was arrested on a jetway while trying to board a flight to Germany on April 8 , according to a criminal complaint . California man arrested , said he wanted to join ISIS Conley first came to the attention of authorities after the pastor and the security director at a church in Arvada , Colorado , called police and said she was acting suspiciously . Authorities interviewed her seven times over the course of five months before arresting her at the airport . "  I think she realizes she made a terrible mistake , " her mother told CNN . "  She was clueless . She 's just a teenager , young , with a big mouth . " Opinion : When Americans leave for jihad	Shannon Conley , 19 , pleads guilty to conspiracy to support foreign terrorist organization Conley , arrested in April , revealed plan to join ISIS and serve as nurse at jihadist camp She faces a maximum penalty of five years in federal prison and up to a $ 250,000 fine
CNN  -- Our gun debate continues to revolve around measures to prevent deranged people from using military-style weapons to massacre innocent people . This is a worthy goal . We should do all we can do , within the limits of our Constitution , to reduce the number and deadliness of these tragedies . But I am increasingly concerned that the debate will never evolve to include deeper sources of gun violence in our country . After all , most people killed by guns in the United States are not killed in school massacres by villains carrying AR-15s . They are killed one at a time , and usually by handguns . All too often , they die in urban and rural communities in economic distress . More people die in gun suicides than gun murders . This is the real gun violence epidemic . And universal background checks -- as important and necessary as that step is -- will not do much to curb it . I had hoped the national debate might expand to include a deeper discussion of what is really happening with gun violence in America . So far , it has not . The conversation did not change much , even after Hadiya Pendleton , who marched with her Chicago classmates in President Obama 's second inaugural parade , was shot and killed in a park while talking with her friends . She was only 15 years old . The truth is that her story is tragically common in America . And the most disputed ideas out of Washington , like an assault weapons ban , would n't do much to change that reality . Opinion : More gun mayhem , and yet we wait for action What can be done to really reduce the senseless slaughter in schools like Sandy Hook and on the streets in cities like Chicago ? Should we close the loophole that allows people to buy guns without a basic background check ? Yes . Get illegal guns off the street ? Yes . Ban assault weapons ? Of course . These things should have been done years ago . For the decades of inaction , we can thank the National Rifle Association , a gun manufacturers ' lobby that has divorced itself from reality . Should we put armed guards in every school ? Probably not . More weapons do not necessarily make us safer . And the price for doing so might keep us from measures that are smarter and statistically more effective , like better mental health services and counseling for students on the edge . Proposals for "  armed schools " may help the NRA sell more guns , but they do n't address the underlying problems . They also risk leaving the rest of us in a perpetual high-fear , low-trust society . What could really turn the tide ? Much of the daily violence is linked to economic desperation and despair . Areas of concentrated poverty continue to be linked to violent crime . In Chicago , the most poverty-stricken neighborhoods have the highest homicide rate . Studies by the Brookings Institution , Johns Hopkins , and even the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco note the link between lack of opportunity and violence . We should be focused on connecting people , especially young men , to training and employment . As I said recently on "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " nothing stops a bullet like a job . As author and journalist Alex Kotlowitz told CNN , in violent Chicago neighborhoods , "  The American Dream is fiction . " NRA chief : Why we fight for gun rights Fixing that by making sure every American has a chance to climb the ladder to opportunity is a good place to start . Beyond that , many community programs are having success at creating more peaceful streets . For example : in South Los Angeles , the Community Coalition has created a safer neighborhood by working with residents to shut down a troublesome liquor store and connecting families to jobs resources . The Harlem Children 's Zone is a successful example of an Obama administration program , Promise Neighborhoods , that has received too little money and too little attention . Baltimore 's Safe Streets program reduces gun violence by providing mediating services and resources for youth to participate in community service programs and job training . A University of Philadelphia study even found that greening vacant lots in cities helps reduce gun violence . These programs and the crying need for jobs should be at the center of any discussion about reducing the horrifying death toll in our nation . Every child dead is a massacre , whether it happens in unspeakable numbers in a schoolhouse or one by one on the streets of Chicago . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Van Jones .	Van Jones : Gun debate needs to go beyond background checks and assault weapons Jones : Gun violence also tied to poverty , mental illness , lack of opportunity Jones : Most people killed by guns in suicides , then in murders , not in mass shootings Jones : We need jobs , education , activist community groups to help young people
Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , a towering figure in postwar British and world politics and the only woman to become British prime minister , has died at the age of 87 . She suffered a stroke Monday , her spokeswoman said . A British government source said she died at the Ritz Hotel in London . Thatcher 's funeral will be at St. Paul 's Cathedral , with full military honors , followed by a private cremation , the British prime minister 's office announced . Thatcher served from 1975 to 1990 as leader of the Conservative Party . She was called the "  Iron Lady " for her personal and political toughness . She retired from public life after a stroke in 2002 and suffered several strokes after that . She made few public appearances in her final months , missing a reception marking her 85th birthday hosted by Prime Minister David Cameron in October 2010 . She also skipped the July 2011 unveiling of a statue honoring her old friend Ronald Reagan in London . In December 2012 , she was hospitalized after a procedure to remove a growth in her bladder . WORLD REACTION : Tributes paid to ` great leader , great Briton ' Thatcher Thatcher made history Thatcher won the nation 's top job only six years after declaring in a television interview , "  I do n't think there will be a woman prime minister in my lifetime . " During her time at the helm of the British government , she emphasized moral absolutism , nationalism , and the rights of the individual versus those of the state -- famously declaring "  There is no such thing as society " in 1987 . Nicknamed the "  Iron Lady " by the Soviet press after a 1976 speech declaring that "  the Russians are bent on world dominance , " Thatcher later enjoyed a close working relationship with U.S. President Reagan , with whom she shared similar conservative views . But the British cold warrior played a key role in ending the conflict by giving her stamp of approval to Soviet Communist reformer Mikhail Gorbachev shortly before he came to power . "  I like Mr. Gorbachev . We can do business together , " she declared in December 1984 , three months before he became Soviet leader . Having been right about Gorbachev , Thatcher came down on the wrong side of history after the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 , arguing against the reunification of East and West Germany . Allowing the countries created in the aftermath of World War II to merge would be destabilizing to the European status quo , and East Germany was not ready to become part of Western Europe , she insisted in January 1990 . "  East Germany has been under Nazism or Communism since 1930 . You are not going to go overnight to democratic structures and a freer market economy , " Thatcher insisted in a key interview , arguing that peace , security and stability "  can only be achieved through our existing alliances negotiating with others internationally . " West German leader Helmut Kohl was furious about the interview , seeing Thatcher as a "  protector of Gobachev , " according to notes made that day by his close aide Horst Teltschik . The two Germanies reunited by the end of that year . A grocer 's daughter Thatcher -- born in October 1925 in the small eastern England market town of Grantham -- came from a modest background , taking pride in being known as a grocer 's daughter . She studied chemistry at Oxford , but was involved in politics from a young age , giving her first political speech at 20 , according to her official biography . She was elected leader of the Conservative Party in 1975 , when the party was in opposition . She made history four years later , becoming prime minister when the Conservatives won the elections of 1979 , the first of three election victories to which she led her party . As British leader , Thatcher took a firm stance with the European Community -- the forerunner of the European Union -- demanding a rebate of money London contributed to Brussels . Her positions on other issues , both domestic and foreign , were just as firm , and in one of her most famous phrases , she declared at a Conservative Party conference that she had no intention of changing her mind . "  To those waiting with bated breath for that favorite media catchphrase , the U-turn , I have only one thing to say : ` You turn if you want to . The lady 's not for turning , ' " she declared , to cheers from party members . The United Kingdom fought a short , sharp war against Argentina over the Falklands Islands under Thatcher in 1982 , responding with force when Buenos Aires laid claim to the islands . WATCH : Remembering Margaret Thatcher Announcing that Britain had recaptured South Georgia Island from Argentina , Thatcher appealed to nationalist sentiments , advising the press : "  Just rejoice at the news and congratulate our forces . " A journalist shouted a question at her as she turned to go back into 10 Downing Street : "  Are we going to war with Argentina , Mrs. Thatcher ? " She paused for an instant , then offered a single word : "  Rejoice . " Controversy over Falklands war The conflict was not without controversy , even in Britain . A British submarine sank Argentina 's only cruiser , the General Belgrano , in an encounter that left 358 Argentines dead . The sinking took place outside of Britain 's declared exclusion zone . In her first term , Thatcher reduced or eliminated many government subsidies to business , a move that led to a sharp rise in unemployment . By 1986 , unemployment had reached 3 million . But Thatcher won landslide re-election in 1983 on the heels of the Falklands victory , her Conservative Party taking a majority of seats in parliament with 42 % of the vote . Second-place Labour took nearly 28 % , while the alliance that became the Liberal Democrats took just over 25 % . A year later , she escaped an IRA terrorist bombing at her hotel at the Conservative Party conference in Brighton . She was re-elected in 1987 with a slightly reduced majority . She was ultimately brought down , not by British voters , but by her own Conservative party . Brought down by the poll tax She was forced to resign in 1990 during an internal leadership struggle after she introduced a poll tax levied on community residents rather than property . The unpopular tax led to rioting in the streets . She married her husband , Denis Thatcher , a local businessman who ran his family 's firm before becoming an executive in the oil industry , in 1951 -- a year after an unsuccessful run for Parliament . The couple had twins , Mark and Carol , in 1953 . She was elected to Parliament in 1959 and served in various positions , including education secretary , until her terms as prime minister . Thatcher was awarded the U.S. Medal of Freedom by President George H. W. Bush in 1991 , a year after she stepped down as prime minister . She was named Baroness Thatcher of Kesteven after leaving office . She retired from public life after a stroke in 2002 and suffered several smaller strokes after that . Her husband died in June 2003 . Though her doctors advised against public speaking , a frail Thatcher attended Reagan 's 2004 funeral , saying in a prerecorded video that Reagan was "  a great president , a great American , and a great man . " "  And I have lost a dear friend , " she said . In the years that followed she encountered additional turmoil . In 2004 , her son Mark was arrested in an investigation of an alleged plot by mercenaries to overthrow the president of Equatorial Guinea in west Africa . He pleaded guilty in a South African court in 2005 to unwittingly bankrolling the plot . WATCH : Kissinger : Thatcher 's strong convictions U.S. political figures react to Lady Thatcher 's death	Thatcher , Britain 's "  Iron Lady , " died after suffering a stroke Monday , her spokeswoman said She retired from public life in 2002 after a stroke As British PM from 1975 to 1990 , she played a key role in ending the Cold War But Thatcher opposed reunification of Germany
CNN  -- Essie Mae Washington-Williams , the biracial woman who revealed nine years ago she was the illegitimate daughter of former segregationist Sen. Strom Thurmond , died Monday , her family 's spokesman said . She was 87 . Washington-Williams kept her father 's identity secret until six months after Thurmond , a segregationist leader for decades , died in June 2003 at age 100 . "  I never wanted to do anything to harm him or cause detriment to his life or to the lives of those around him , " Washington-Williams said at a 2003 news conference , six months after her father died at the age of 100 . She died at her Columbia , South Carolina , home of natural causes Monday morning , according to Frank Wheaton . Thurmond ran for president in 1948 on the ticket of the States ' Rights Democratic Party , or Dixiecrats , a breakaway faction of Southern Democrats who believed strongly in racial segregation and were opposed to their party 's civil rights program . Thurmond joined the Republican Party in the 1960s and ultimately turned away from his segregationist past . Martin : GOP needs to listen to blacks "  My father did a lot of things to help other people , even though his public stance appeared opposite , " Washington-Williams said . "  I was sensitive about his well-being and career and his family here in South Carolina . " Washington-Williams said she went public only at the urging of her children , but rumors had persisted for years . An attorney for the former senator 's family confirmed in 2003 that Thurmond fathered a child with a teenage black housekeeper in 1925 . Her mother , Carrie Butler , worked as a maid at the Thurmond family home in Edgefield , South Carolina . At the time of Washington-Williams ' birth , Butler was 16 and Thurmond was 22 , unmarried and living in his parents ' home . Opinion : MLK would hardly recognize America today Butler 's sister took the girl to live in Pennsylvania when she was 6 months old . She did not meet Thurmond until 1941 , when she was 16 . Her mother , who was ill and died a short time later , had insisted on introducing her to Thurmond , who acknowledged her as his daughter , the Washngton Post reported in 2003 . Throughout the years , the two kept up a relationship despite the divide over race , Washington-Williams said . "  When my father became a United States senator -LSB- in 1954 -RSB- , his communication and support continued " she said , and "  his financial support was constant during various phases of my life . I knew him beyond his public image . " She said she tried -- to no avail -- to dissuade him of segregationist positions , which produced "  mixed emotions " for her . Voting rights remain vulnerable "  I never did like the idea of his being a segregationist , but that was his life , and there was n't anything I could do about that , " she said . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Essie Mae Washington-Williams kept her father 's identity secret until his death "  I never wanted to do anything to harm him , " she said Thurmond fathered the child with a teenage black housekeeper in 1925 , family lawyer confirmed Thurmond ran for president in 1948 on a segregationist platform
CNN  -- The Aral Sea was once the world 's fourth-largest lake . Now much of it is a vast toxic desert straddling the borders of Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan , two former Soviet states in central Asia . In recently released images , NASA 's Earth Observatory shows the extent of the lake 's recession over the past 14 years . The damage reached its peak this year , when the eastern lobe of the South Aral Sea -- which actually was the center of the original lake -- dried up completely . Until the 1960s , the Aral Sea was fed by two rivers , the Amu Darya and Syr Darya , which brought snowmelt from mountains to the southeast , and local rainfall . But in the 1960s the Soviet Union diverted water from the two rivers into canals to supply agriculture in the region . With the loss of water , the lake began to recede and its salinity levels began to rise . Fertilizers and chemical runoff contaminated the lake bed . As the lakebed became exposed , winds blew the contaminated soil onto the surrounding croplands , meaning even more water was needed to make the land suitable for agriculture , according to an Earth Observatory release . The falling water levels changed the local climate , too . Without the lake water to moderate temperatures , winters became colder and summers hotter , the Earth Observatory said .	Eastern lobe of what is now known as the South Aral Sea has dried up completely Recent images from NASA 's Earth Observatory show stages of the lake 's decline Disaster began with Soviet-era diversion of lake 's tributaries for agriculture Rising salinity , chemical contamination furthered the calamity
CNN  -- Aeromexico airline and an advertising company apologized for a commercial casting call that said "  dark-skinned " people would not be allowed to audition . The casting call sought those with a "  Polanco look , " referring to a well-to-do white neighborhood in Mexico City . A photo of the casting e-mail was taken by Mexican blogger Tamara De Anda , who expressed her frustrations on how the representations of brown people in Mexican media largely do not exist outside of government program announcements . On Twitter , De Anda posted , "  I received an email for a casting call from Aeromexico specifying that they do n't want anyone dark-skinned . Tsss . " About 400 retweets later , the story gained traction on social media . With a population of 20 million , Mexico City 's racial makeup consists of mestizo  Amerindian-Spanish  60 % ; Amerindian or predominantly Amerindian 30 % ; white 9 % ; and other 1 % , according to The World Factbook . The airline pointed to an ad agency , Catatonia . Aeromexico on Tuesday issued an apology for the language on Twitter , stating , "  We 're sorry for Catatonia 's discriminatory stance , that was circulated today on social media . We offer our sincerest apology and reiterate our respect for all people , no matter their gender , language , religion , nor their skin color . " Catatonia expressed regret , according to Fox News Latino , stating it "  offers a heartfelt apology for the publication on casting requirements that circulated on social networks . " Opinion : In Mexico , racism hides in plain view The ad agency pointed to language used by a casting company . Perceptions of skin color and discussions of racism have long been a subject of debate in Latin America . Ruben Navarrette Jr. , in a 2012 opinion piece for CNN , wrote , "  On television , in politics and in academia , you see light-skinned people . On construction sites , in police forces and in restaurant kitchens , you 're more likely to find those who are dark-skinned . "  In the priciest neighborhoods , the homeowners have light skin , and the housekeepers are dark . Everyone knows this , and yet no one talks about it , at least not in elite circles . " CNN reached out to Aeromexico on Friday but did not receive an immediate response .	Casting call for airline ad disallows dark-skinned participants Aeromexico and ad agency apologize Skin color subject of much discussion in Latin America
CNN  -- An 18th century American slave finally received a proper burial Thursday , more than 200 years after his death , according to organizers of the service . The remains of Fortune , an African-American slave who died in 1798 , lay in state in the Connecticut State Capitol rotunda in Hartford on Thursday before state police escorted them to a memorial service at the same church where he was baptized , according to Bob Burns , Director of the Mattatuck Museum , which had housed the skeleton since 1933 . He was interred in one of the most well-known and distinguished cemeteries in Waterbury afterward . A ceremony at the Capitol included bagpipers and the singing of "  The Battle Hymn of the Republic , " according to Samaia Hernandez , a spokeswoman for Connecticut Gov. Dannel P. Malloy 's office . "  Fortune was a Waterbury man who worked , lived and died in our state at a time when African-Americans were denied basic civil rights . After 215 years , he will finally be laid to rest , " Malloy said . "  While we ca n't undo the wrongs of the past , we can honor those who were affected and push for positive change in the future . " A memorial service was held at St. John 's Episcopal Church in Waterbury , where according to records , Fortune was baptized in 1797 , Burns said . A burial at Riverside Cemetery , a historic cemetery full of prominent Waterbury residents , followed the service . Fortune , his wife and their three children were the legal property of Dr. Preserved Porter , a Waterbury physician , according to the Mattatuck Museum . Shortly after Fortune 's death in 1798 , his children were sold off , and Porter , a bone surgeon , dissected Fortune 's body and prepared his bones to keep his skeleton for anatomic study . Burns said Fortune 's skeleton was passed down in the Porter family for generations before it was donated to the museum as an oddity . It remained there until the 1970s , when it was put into storage . Since the 1990s , Burns said the museum and the African-American History Project have worked to find out what they could about Fortune 's life and death from his remains and ultimately lay the bones to rest . Scientists at Howard University and later Quinnipiac University X-rayed and examined the skeleton . "  His rugged bone structure suggests that he was powerful man accustomed to rigorous farm work , " said Quinnipiac University researchers after performing X-rays in 2010 . "  If you look his bones , you can tell he did not have an easy life , " Professor Gerald Conlogue , co-director of Quinnipiac 's Bioanthropology Research Institute , said at the time . The other goal of the researchers was to use a 3D scanning camera to create 3D images used to make 3D prints of the bones , allowing future researchers to continue studying the bones and while Fortune 's remains are buried , according to Burns . "  That allowed us to honor the humanity of Mr. Fortune , and put him to rest , " he said . According to the museum , Fortune may have died from a snapped vertebrae at the top of his spinal column . According to the official historic record , Fortune fell into the Naugatuck River and drowned at around age 55 .	Fortune , an 18th century slave in Connecticut , was laid to rest after a funeral His funeral was held in the church where he was baptized in 1797 Fortune was owned by Dr. Preserved Porter , who dissected his remains The slave drowned in the Naugatuck River in 1798 , historical records show
CNN  -- Actor Sam Worthington , best known for his leading role in the 2009 blockbuster "  Avatar , " was arrested Sunday after getting into an altercation with a photographer , New York City police said . Worthington is accused of punching photographer Sheng Li in the face after Li allegedly kicked Worthington 's 26-year-old female companion in the shins , according to NYPD Detective Kellyann Ort . The department would not release the name of Worthington 's companion . The incident occurred at 5:30 p.m. Sunday in Greenwich Village . Worthington was issued a desk appearance ticket and was released , according to Ort . Li , a 37-year-old photographer who lives in Manhattan , was held for arraignment . He does not have press credentials . No one was hospitalized , Ort said . Worthington was born in England but moved to Australia , where he was raised and began his acting career . In addition to Avatar , Worthington has also acted in "  Terminator Salvation "  2009  , "  Clash of the Titans "  2010  and "  Man on a Ledge "  2012  . He was named "  GQ Man of the Year " in Australia in 2009 . In 2012 : Disorderly conduct charges against Worthington dismissed	Sam Worthington is accused of punching photographer Sheng Li in the face , NYPD says Li is accused of kicking Worthington 's female companion , NYPD says Worthington is known for his leading role in the 2009 smash hit "  Avatar "
Washington  CNN  -- Stephen Colbert 's ribbing of Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal 's scientific views seemed to strike a nerve , leading the potential GOP presidential contender to jab back Wednesday over Twitter that the comedian is "  no Jon Stewart . " In a series of four tweets -- three of which included links to Colbert 's segment -- Jindal said he missed the bit because he was "  too busy pulling out pages on evolution in my kids ' biology textbooks . " But , he said , "  if evolution was true , " Colbert 's humor would n't be "  so far behind " Jon Stewart 's . Colbert on Tuesday night mocked Jindal -- who studied biology at Brown University , became a Rhodes Scholar and ran the University of Louisiana system -- for evading questions about his own views on evolution . He pointed to Jindal 's comments at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast two weeks ago , where he said : "  I will tell you , as a father , I want my kids to be taught about evolution in their schools , but secondly , I think local school districts should make the decision . " Colbert said Jindal 's academic pedigree could haunt him in a Republican presidential primary , but that his comments on evolution show he 's "  off to an impressive retreat from knowledge . " The comedian was mocking Jindal 's appearance at last weekend 's 2014 Values Voter Summit , where the Louisiana governor earned 3 percent support among 2016 GOP presidential contenders in a straw poll -- behind the option "  none/no one , " which drew 4 percent support . "  I applaud Bobby Jindal for so deftly floating this presidential trial balloon , " Colbert said . "  But please do n't call it that , sir , because the science is n't in on ballooning yet . I mean , if hot air rises , how come hell is below us ? "	Colbert mocked Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal for answers on his beliefs on evolution . Jindal hit back that Colbert 's humor would n't lag so far behind Jon Stewart 's "  if evolution was true . "
An online video showing a now-former Costa Rican official in her underwear has sparked a debate over the privacy of government workers in the Central American country -- and cost the official her job this week . The video shows Karina Bolanos , who had been Costa Rica 's vice minister of culture and youth since 2006 , lying on a bed in her underwear and apparently talking to her lover . "  I miss you . I love you with all my soul . And everything that you see here is yours , " she says . The cultural ministry said Monday that Bolanos would be leaving her post after a surge in journalistic reports and social media posts "  connected with the private life of the vice minister . " "  Even though the information that has circulated is strictly related with the private life of Bolanos , and not with her work as a public official , she was released from her post so that she could face this in the private sphere , " the cultural ministry said in a statement , adding Costa Rica 's president authorized the move . Bolanos , 39 , told CNN en Español Tuesday that she recorded the private video in 2007 , when she was separated from her husband , a Costa Rican congressman . "  It is a very old and personal video of mine , that really makes me very embarrassed with the Costa Rican people and I apologize , especially before the youth who I represent . ... but also it has nothing that I should be ashamed of , and I think an injustice has been committed , " she said . Bolanos said she did not have a chance to defend herself before she lost her job . "  I think as a woman , I had a right to defend myself and to speak . These are questions of my intimate private life that have nothing to do with my work , " she said . A computer engineer that her family had hired to install security cameras stole the video and tried to blackmail her to stop its release , she said . "  It is very difficult to prove because he is a computer engineer and he is one of those people that hacks and steals accounts , and ... because my husband is a congressman and I am a vice minister , he took advantage of the situation to get money out of us , " she said . By Tuesday evening , the video had been viewed more than 370,000 times on YouTube .	A video shows a now-former top cultural official lying on a bed in her underwear She is dismissed from her job after social media posts "  connected with  her  private life " "  An injustice has been committed , " Karina Bolanos tells CNN en Español A computer engineer stole the video and tried to blackmail her , she says
CNN  The way things have gone for the U.S. men in downhills in Italy this month , they probably wish every race could be held there . After Steven Nyman won one of skiing 's classics in Val Gardena about a week ago , Travis Ganong claimed the opening victory of his career by bettering the field in Santa Catarina -- a venue long known on the women 's circuit but making its debut among the men . The course shortened due to high winds and bad visibility , Ganong took advantage and won in a time of one minute , 32.42 seconds . He was 0.09 seconds faster than Austria 's Matthias Mayer and 0.21 seconds faster than home favorite Dominik Paris . "  It was a perfect run , " Ganong told the U.S. ski team 's website . "  I love to take on a new challenge and a new slope . I love the hill -- the mountains are huge here and it 's fun skiing . "  I went really , really straight in a couple areas . It was really smooth and I was able to carry it all the way down . The last big carousel turn I did perfectly -- I do n't think I could do that again if I tried . "  Hopefully this will keep going all year . My New Year 's resolution is to do this more often . " Nyman finished 15th , two spots better than Kjetil Jansrud of Norway . Jansrud , though , maintained his lead in both the downhill and overall standings . First win for Hector , too Ganong was n't the lone racer to capture a maiden victory Sunday , as Sweden 's Sara Hector triumphed in a women 's giant slalom in Kuhtai in Tirol , Austria -- new to the World Cup tour . In second heading into the final run behind American Mikaela Shiffrin , Hector attacked the course and made up the 0.27-second deficit . Austria 's Anna Fenninger moved up to second , with Shiffrin -- whose specialty is the slalom -- dropping to third . "  It 's not easy to put words on such emotions right now , " Hector was quoted as saying by the FIS website . "  To be on top of the podium is so special . " Fenninger solidified her spot in second in the overall standings behind Tina Maze -- who tied for seventh Sunday . Fenninger is also second in the giant slalom standings , trailing compatriot Eva-Maria Brem . A lack of snow in Semmering , Austria , prompted the move to Kuhtai in Tirol .	Travis Ganong wins his first downhill by claiming top spot in Santa Catarina In a shortened run , he beat Austria 's Matthias Mayer by 0.09 seconds It was the U.S. 's second downhill triumph in Italy in about a week Sweden 's Sara Hector also won her first race in a women 's giant slalom
CNN  -- It was a rare bright spot on an otherwise hazy , smoke-filled horizon . As firefighters worked to get a grip on one of the largest wildfires in California 's history , an evacuation advisory was lifted Thursday for residents in Tuolumne City , a picturesque community threatened by the blaze . In a further sign of progress , authorities also withdrew similar advisories for two other northern California communities close to the flames , Soulsbyville and Willow Springs . Known as the Rim Fire , the conflagration has charred nearly 200,000 acres , cost the state more than $ 39 million to date and is threatening 5,500 structures , of which 4,500 are residences . It 's the fifth-largest wildfire in California history . On Thursday , it was in its 12th day and it had only been contained 32 % , according to Cal Fire . That 's a slight improvement from the 30 % containment the day before . Because of the approaching flames , officials have shut down electricity generators , and San Francisco -- more than 120 miles to the west -- is temporarily getting power from elsewhere . 5,000 firefighters battle the blaze While the Yosemite Conservancy says the Rim Fire has consumed tens of thousands of acres inside Yosemite National Park , it has so far had little or no direct impact on Yosemite Valley , a popular spot for tourists and home to many of the park 's iconic attractions , including the El Capitan rock formation . What you need to know about wildfires Firefighters hope to keep it that way . Nearly 5,000 people have been assigned to tackling the blaze . "  This is going to be a tough fire , " said Tom Tidwell , chief of the U.S. Forest Service . "  It 's going to continue for a few more weeks . " The blaze has created challenges not only for utility providers , but also for local firefighters , who fill in for state and federal fire teams . "  It makes more work for us . Everybody has to work more , whether they are up there or not , " Art Ray , chief operator for the Stockton Fire Department , told CNN affiliate KCRA . Some firefighters get little sleep , working four straight days , he said . "  We have to work 72 or 96 hours in a row , and being away from your family with little sleep and physically demanding takes a toll , " Ray said . ' A lot of work to be done ' Authorities say the Rim Fire started on August 17 . The cause is under investigation . Wildfire threatens 90-year-old cabin "  There 's a lot of concern , and there 's a lot of work to be done , " Forest Service spokesman Lee Bentley said . Firefighters have been able to build fire lines in several locations , officials say . The forecast is looking favorable as daytime highs sink into the 60s in Yosemite National Park over the Labor Day weekend , a break from the temperatures in the 80s firefighters were facing earlier in the week . More than 20 helicopters and air tankers were aiding the efforts . Firefighters battle blaze near Yosemite CNN 's Dana Ford , Gary Tuchman and David Simpson contributed to this report .	The Rim Fire , which has burned nearly 200,000 acres , is 32 % contained It 's the fifth largest wildfire in California 's history The blaze has cost the state more than $ 39 million to date Forest Service chief says firefighting will continue for weeks
CNN  -- Comedian Jerry Lewis on Tuesday apologized for using the word "  fag " as he broadcast his annual Labor Day Telethon for Muscular Dystrophy . Jerry Lewis celebrates the Muscular Dystrophy Telethon 's record take at the end of the broadcast . "  That something like this would distract from the true purpose of the telethon pains me deeply , " Lewis said in a written statement . "  The success of the show and all the good that will come of it should n't be lost because of one unfortunate word . I accept responsibility for what I said . There are no excuses . I am sorry . " Earlier Tuesday , the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation called on Lewis to apologize . "  Jerry Lewis ' on-air use of this kind of anti-gay slur is simply unacceptable , " GLAAD President Neil G. Giuliano said in a statement posted on the group 's Web site . "  It also feeds a climate of hatred and intolerance that contributes to putting our community in harm 's way . " Watch how Jerry Lewis apologized " In the 18th hour of the telethon Monday , Lewis , with his bow-tie undone and his shirt collar open , stumbled around the set at the South Coast Hotel , Casino and Spa in Las Vegas , Nevada , marveling at the cameraman 's ability to keep up with him . "  Look how good he moves that camera , you son of a gun . Wherever I go , he goes , " said Lewis , 81 . "  Let 's see what you do with this over here , " said the comedian and actor , who became famous as Dean Martin 's slapstick partner on stage and in several films in the 1950s . Lewis then gestured toward two other cameras on the set . "  Oh , your family has come to see you . You remember Bart , your oldest son , " he said , pointing to one camera . "  Jessie , the illiterate fag , " Lewis said , pointing to the other . "  No , " he said then , as some audience members laughed . In Tuesday 's statement , Lewis said , "  I apologize to anyone who was offended . "  I obviously made a poor choice of words . Everyone who knows me understands that I hold no prejudices in this regard . In the family atmosphere of the telethon , I forget that not everyone knows me that well . " Giuliano said GLAAD was requesting a meeting with the comedian , who has done the Labor Day telethon for 42 years . "  We want to sit down with him , help him understand why these words are so hurtful , and give him an opportunity to raise public awareness about the destructive impact of these kinds of anti-gay slurs , even more so in attempted humor , " he said in his statement . The 21 1/2 - hour telethon raised a record $ 63.8 million in pledges and contributions , according to the Muscular Dystrophy Association Web site . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Lewis apologizes for using the word "  fag " during telethon Lewis was joking with cameraman in 18th hour of telethon GLAAD denounces Lewis ' use of "  fag " Annual Muscular Dystrophy Association telethon raises $ 63.7 million
CNN  -- A suicide bomber hit an African Union Mission in Somalia convoy on Monday , killing 16 people , Lower Shabelle Gov. Adukadir Mohamed Sidi said . Sidi said the explosion destroyed two buses traveling behind the military convoy , which was transporting the governor as he traveled back from Mogadishu . The blast killed 16 civilians and injured 22 people , including two soldiers , he said . The Al-Shabaab terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack and said Americans and South Africans were among those killed . The bombing comes a week after a U.S. airstrike claimed the life of the group 's leader , Ahmed Godane . The group appointed a new leader last week and said Godane 's death would not stop its attacks . Somalia has been on high alert for strikes since . Al-Shabaab names successor to slain leader ; Somalia on alert CNN 's Faith Karimi , Jason Hanna and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	16 killed in Somalia suicide bombing targeting governor 's convoy Two African Union Mission in Somalia troops are wounded , he said Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for attack
Beijing  CNN  -- An early morning fire at a poultry processing plant in northeast China killed at least 119 people Monday , state-run Xinhua news agency said . Another 54 workers were injured . More than 300 workers were inside the plant in Jilin province when the fire broke out about 6 a.m. , Xinhua said . About 100 of them were able to escape -- and told Xinhua that the gates to the plant were locked . "  Suddenly , the lights inside went out and the plant got quite dark , " a worker named Wang Fengya told the news agency . "  When I finally ran out and looked back at the plant , I saw high flames . " Firefighters battled the blaze for six hours before they were able to bring it under control . A fire official told CNN that an explosion at the plant started the fire -- but the cause of the blast was n't immediately known . "  The complicated interior structure of the prefabricated house in which the fire broke out and the narrow exits have added difficulties to the rescue work , sources with rescue forces said , " the Xinhua report said . CNN 's Dayu Zhang reported from Beijing and Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva from Atlanta	More than 300 workers were inside at the time Escapees tell Xinhua the gates were locked when the fire breaks out Authorities do not know how many people are trapped in the plant The "  complicated structure " and "  narrow exits " are posing difficulties for rescuers
London  CNN  -- Prince Harry tore up the royal tour rule book on his recent visit to the Caribbean , according to veteran royal photographer Arthur Edwards . Edwards should know -- he has covered 200 royal tours , more than anyone . And it was an extraordinary royal tour . The press coverage surpassed even the media 's expectations . Harry was himself and it came across on camera . People around the world enjoyed getting to know Prince William 's younger brother . A royal tour is a series of engagements . Each event is planned months in advance and the press is briefed on what to expect . But with Harry you never quite know what will happen . You know he will arrive and leave , but there is no way to predict what might happen in between . Watch Prince Harry talk about "  emotional trip " On March 6 , I was in Kingston , Jamaica . The entire royal press pack had agreed that the main event of the day would be Harry meeting sprinter Usain Bolt , the fastest man in the world . The plan was for Bolt to give Harry some tips on how to come out of the starting blocks . We wanted to know if they would go on and race each other . The organizers said they did n't know . When Harry arrived , he immediately hit it off with Bolt . They were laughing and goading each other which gave us some great images . Watch Harry take on world 's fastest man But before we knew it , Harry had used a distraction technique to get a head start against Bolt and he raced off to the finish line . The image became front page news in the UK and in other parts of the world . But while Harry is happy enough performing in front of the mainstream media , it 's a relationship of tolerance . A senior royal source told me he does have a problem with paparazzi photographers who have invaded his life in the past -- and tormented his mother , Diana . After racing Bolt , Harry set off to meet Portia Simpson-Miller , the staunchly-republican prime minister of Jamaica . We expected a handshake , we got warm embrace . Then , at an inner city school we were treated to a spectacular display of Harry 's dancing skills to a track by Bob Marley , who he later impersonated at a state dinner . Harry even made it on to the fashion pages that day with his eye catching blue suede shoes . Harry turns every engagement into an event , and that 's what makes him unique as a royal . The royal source told me Harry did n't have a strategy for this tour . "  He just went for it . " But do n't assume he 's just having fun . This is someone who puts duty first . It 's a lesson he took from his grandmother , Queen Elizabeth , I am told . It was out of duty that he agreed to go on the trip on her behalf . While he enjoyed the tour , for him it is always about supporting the queen and only she would be the judge of whether it was a success . So what did she make of his time in the Caribbean ? CNN has learned that everyone , including the queen and Harry 's father , Prince Charles , "  was very pleased and proud " of his performance . The palace source was speaking to CNN for a documentary airing this weekend : "  The Royals : Harry , The Soldier Prince . " It 's the first in a four-part CNN series to mark the diamond jubilee of Queen Elizabeth 's reign . The source says the Caribbean tour was a milestone in Harry 's life . It was the first time people got to see him as a whole rather than in a series of snapshots . The public believe Harry is a special and gifted young man , the source said . He is particularly good at reading situations , and people saw that on display over a period of time . Harry was seen as possessing a confidence and emotional intelligence that allowed him to move naturally from goofing with Bolt , to connecting with a young child to being a statesman . Harry , I am told however , would never see himself as a statesmen . So has Prince Harry finally come of age ? Is the man who once wore a Nazi outfit to a party and got into all other sorts of trouble now consigned to the past ? The royal source puts it like this : "  The impulsiveness of Harry 's youth has turned into the fun you saw on the Usain Bolt track in Jamaica . He has matured . " In another sign of his maturity , CNN has learned that Prince Harry has finally left home . He recently moved out of his father 's residence , Clarence House -- where he had a bedroom and study -- into a small flat at Kensington Palace where his brother and sister-in-law live . Harry wanted to have his own place , and the two brothers "  wanted to be together , " the source said . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , Prince William and his new bride Kate , are living in Nottingham Cottage at the moment but will move into a large apartment in the main building when renovations are complete . When they move , Harry will take over the cottage . Watch more about William 's palace upgrade Harry recently referred to the Duchess of Cambridge as his "  sister . " It was a slip of the tongue but indicative of the closeness of their relationship , says the source . But it is the relationship between the two brothers that looks set to define the future of the British monarchy most of all . The source tells me : "  Prince Harry and Prince William are a double act for the rest of their lives . They are very loyal and trust each other . Loyalty is key . Harry is very respectful towards William . " I am told the brothers are also aware of their different , but complementary qualities . William has gravitas . Harry is livelier . William , second-in-line to the throne , is due to be king one day , but this could be decades away . When it does happen , the monarchy is likely to be a slimmed down version of what we see today . There wo n't be an array of siblings and cousins sharing official duties . The two Princes know they will bear the brunt of responsibility for royal engagements , so it needs to be a partnership . But Harry 's current priority is his military career . His only official duties for the rest of this are likely to be occasional appearances to mark the queen 's diamond jubilee and as an Olympic ambassador . Harry came out as the top gunner on his recent Apache helicopter course . He would n't have accepted the award if he thought it was bestowed on him because of who he is , my source tells me . Read more about Harry 's helicopter training The prince loathes being treated as anything but an ordinary officer . His military colleagues say they often forget his royal status . The army provides Harry with normality . According to a friend who trained with Harry , he even has a nickname which goes back to his time at the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst : Harry Potter . The prince is currently preparing for redeployment to Afghanistan . His last military mission to the country was cut short when news leaked that he was on the ground . The media strategy this time round is still being worked out , but news blackouts are n't seen as viable anymore in an age of social media , so this deployment may well be announced . But if the Taliban knows that he is there , wo n't that make him and his regiment a target ? It 's a matter for the military but my senior royal source tells me : "  The thinking is that being an Apache pilot is quite an anonymous job and the Apache is already a target . They ca n't be more of a target than they already are . " The palace does n't see a need for Harry to have extra personal security in Afghanistan either because his military base will , by its nature , already be secure . Harry says he has three hats : soldier , prince and 27-year-old with buddies . He endeavors to be himself whichever hat he is wearing , and that 's what defines him . At different points in his life one hat will be more important than the others , which is why right now , he is the Soldier Prince .	Prince Harry different to other royals , says veteran snapper Arthur Edwards CNN 's Max Foster says with Harry , anything can happen Harry 's recent Caribbean tour seen as a milestone in his public role Prince 's priority remains military career and possible redeployment to Afghanistan
CNN Student News  -- January 19 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Pakistan • Haiti • Somalia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : A former dictator shows back up in his home country 25 years after he was forced out of power . What happened ? We have the answer in today 's edition of CNN Student News ! First Up : Pakistan Quake AZUZ : First up , an early-morning earthquake hits Pakistan . This happened around 1:30 a.m. local time on Wednesday in a remote area in southwestern Pakistan . Officials said the quake had an initial magnitude of 7.2 . That would mean it was a "  major " quake . There were reports that it lasted 20 or 30 seconds . One scientist said it 's not uncommon for earthquakes to hit this region . China & U.S. Relationship AZUZ : Well , the leaders of the world 's two largest economies get together in Washington , D.C. We 're talking about President Obama and Chinese President Hu Jintao . The Chinese leader is in the U.S. for a visit . The two presidents are scheduled to sit down today to talk about some of the issues that are important to both nations . President Hu landed in Washington yesterday . In addition to President Obama , the Chinese leader is scheduled to sit down with leaders in Congress and business executives . The issue of trade is likely to come up at all of those meetings . The U.S. and Chinese economies are connected in a lot of ways , and each country has had some complaints about the other one 's policies . Jill Dougherty has more for us on the connections between the U.S. and China and the current status of the relationship between these two world powers . BEGIN VIDEO JILL DOUGHERTY , CNN FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT : Two nations oceans apart , locked in a complex relationship that will help chart the 21st century . HILLARY CLINTON , U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE : Today , our relationship has gone global . We debate and discuss nearly every major international issue . DOUGHERTY : Friends or rivals ? A former deputy secretary of state says for the U.S. , China is both . RICHARD ARMITAGE , FORMER DEPUTY SECRETARY OF STATE : They are a factor of life as the second largest economy in the world , by every measure , whether it 's political , social , economic , and for that matter security . And furthermore , they have very key interests of their own in areas that are extraordinarily important to us . DOUGHERTY : Spin the globe and you see China 's growing competition with the U.S. for access and influence . From Africa , where China craves oil and other resources , to Latin America , in search of commodities and alternatives to its heavy investment in the U.S. For many Americans , China , for years , has meant bargains . But increasingly , China means jobs for Americans at home . U.S. TREASURY SECRETARY TIMOTHY GEITHNER : Our exports to China are growing at twice the rate of growth of our exports to the rest of the world . These exports support hundreds of thousands of jobs across the nation in all sectors . U.S. DEFENSE SECRETARY ROBERT GATES : We welcome a China that plays a constructive role on the world stage . DOUGHERTY : Yet China 's burgeoning military power is stoking concern in Asia and the U.S. GATES : But questions about its intentions and opaque military modernization program have been a source of concern to its neighbors . DOUGHERTY : Washington says with power comes responsibility . For now , China looks outward , mostly to benefit itself ARMITAGE : China 's outreach , I believe , in the main is based on what they perceive is their economic and political interest . However , it is the case that this compels them on occasion to deal with what we consider pariah regimes . DOUGHERTY : The U.S. really needs China 's help in pressing Iran and North Korea on their nuclear programs . But on every world issue , from terrorism to climate change to piracy on the high seas , Washington also looks to Beijing . CLINTON : Embracing the obligations that come with being a 21st century power will help to realize a future that will give the Chinese people even more , in fact , unimagined opportunities . But that means accepting a share of the burden of solving common problems , DOUGHERTY : And that , Clinton argues , includes respecting human rights , releasing political prisoners and protecting ethnic minorities in Tibet . END VIDEO Health Care Repeal ? AZUZ : Moving on to our next story today . The U.S. House of Representatives , there 's a vote scheduled today to repeal , or overturn , the controversial health care reform law . During last year 's midterm election campaigns , a lot of Republicans said they 'd try to overturn the law if they were elected . They won a majority in the House , so this vote is a way for them to keep that promise . Most people though -- including most Republicans -- do n't expect the health care law to be completely overturned . That 's because an outright repeal has to be passed by the House and the Senate , and Democrats have a majority in the U.S. Senate . Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's first Shoutout goes out to Mr. Ireland and Ms. Van Gelder 's class at Palo Verde High School in Tucson , Arizona ! Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier is a former dictator of what country ? Is it : A  Algeria , B  Cuba , C  France or D  Haiti ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Duvalier ruled Haiti for 15 years ; he was forced out of the country in 1986 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! "  Baby Doc " Returns AZUZ : "  Baby Doc " Duvalier is back in Haiti this week . He showed up in the Caribbean nation on Sunday . Yesterday , he was taken into custody while authorities decided whether or not to officially arrest him . Human rights groups say that while Duvalier was in power , thousands of Haitians were killed or tortured . He was also accused of taking money from the country 's treasury . No one 's really sure why "  Baby Doc " -- he 's the person waving -- returned to Haiti . One of his associates said it was connected to the anniversary of last year 's earthquake . Duvalier was given control of the country by his father , who was known as "  Papa Doc . " That 's how the younger Duvalier got the nickname "  Baby Doc . " Shoutout Extra Credit TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout Extra Credit ! Which of these countries is part of the Horn of Africa ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Somalia , B  Liberia , C  Tunisia or D  Namibia ? Rewind the clock to three seconds -- GO ! Of these options , only Somalia is part of the Horn of Africa . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout Extra Credit ! Pirate Proof AZUZ : The area around the Horn of Africa , specifically , the waters off the coast of Somalia , is home to more pirate attacks than anywhere else in the world . That 's according to a new report that found 2010 was the worst year ever for piracy worldwide . Zain Verjee looks at some of the ways companies and governments can protect themselves from pirates . BEGIN VIDEO ZAIN VERJEE , CNN CORRESPONDENT : The hope is this can ward off pirates . It may seem laughable , but mannequins posing as guards in the dead of night could fool pirates and force them to flee . There are other tactics , as one NATO commander tells me . LARRY TRIM , NATO COMMANDER : Barbed wire , perhaps , around their ship . They have extra lookouts posted to look for Somali pirates . They have a routine where they can find fire flares , water hoses , etc. . VERJEE : Warships try to stop pirates before they hit major shipping lanes like the Gulf of Aden . The captain would have seen a skiff out there and then ordered out the Marines to go and deal with the pirates . TRIM : We take away their equipment . We take away their mother ships , which is damaging to them , and then send them back to shore . VERJEE : In Mombasa , Kenya , the Greek commander of this warship supports operations around Somalia for the European Naval Force , EU NAVFOR . He tells me what 's tough . CAPTAIN VASILEIOS EFSTATHIOU , EU NAVAL FORCE SOMALIA : The area is really huge . The area of operation is equal about the size of the United States . VERJEE : Just compare the size here . A powerful warship like this one , completely outfitted with weapons and technology , is chasing around boats smaller than the size of this one out on the Indian Ocean . Deep in a building in central London , one private , maritime security firm has got a bird 's - eye view . They 're watching feeds , tracking vessels and weather patterns . RAURI DOWDS , MARITIME UNDERWATER SECURITY CONSULTANCY : We analyze them to try and create a picture of what 's real and what 's not . VERJEE : They help steer ships in real time , sometimes to rougher waters where small pirate skiffs ca n't operate . DOWDS : We always consider factors such as rainfall and most importantly the wind . VERJEE : Everyone I speak to tells me there 's only one real solution for Somalia . That 's not on the sea , but on the shore , where only a government that works can control its people . For now , as Somali pirates plan attacks , real men , and , oh , let 's call them reinforcements , patrol the high seas hoping ships pass safely . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : We have another singing sensation for today 's Before We Go segment . Maestro , please take your seat . A quick look to make sure that the audience is paying attention . And now , you make sure you have the perfect pitch , and let the performance begin . Something tells me this wo n't earn a standing ovation . The crooning canine 's owners say he practices at the piano three or four times every day . It sounds painful ! Goodbye AZUZ : But I guess after a while , they just learned tune him out . Luckily , they 're music and dog lovers . Otherwise , that little guy might be flat . We hope you 'll note that CNN Student News returns tomorrow , when we pitch out more commercial-free headlines . Bye bye !	Find out what topic is likely to come up as China 's leader visits the U.S. Hear about a former Haitian dictator 's surprising return to his country Consider some of the ways that companies and governments fight piracy Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
A whopping 70 percent of American kids are n't getting enough vitamin D , and such youngsters tend to have higher blood pressure and lower levels of good cholesterol than their peers , according to two new studies published this week in the journal Pediatrics . Low vitamin D levels also may increase a child 's risk of developing heart disease later in life , experts say . People who drank milk less than once a week were among those most at risk for vitamin-D deficiency , a study found . "  We were astounded at how common it was , " says study author Dr. Michal Melamed , an assistant professor of medicine , epidemiology , and population health at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine , in the Bronx , New York . "  There is a lot of data that suggests adults with low vitamin-D levels are at risk for diabetes , high blood pressure , cardiovascular disease , and a lot of cancers , and if kids start out with low levels and never increase them , they may be putting themselves at risk for developing all of these diseases at a much earlier age . " Vitamin D is often called the "  sunshine vitamin " because the human body makes it only when exposed to sunlight -- although it only takes 10 to 15 minutes a day to make an adequate amount . Vitamin D , which helps the bones better absorb calcium , is also added to multivitamins and milk . In Melamed 's study , the researchers looked at the vitamin D levels of more than 6,000 people ages 1 to 21 . They checked for vitamin-D deficiency , which is defined as less than 15 nanograms per milliliter of blood  ng/mL  , and vitamin-D insufficiency , which is defined as 15 to 29 ng/mL . Overall , 7.6 million , or 9 percent , of U.S. children were vitamin-D deficient , and another 50.8 million , or 61 percent , had insufficient levels of this important vitamin in their blood . Children with low levels of vitamin D were more likely to have high blood pressure and lower levels of high-density lipoprotein , also known as good cholesterol -- two factors that are considered major risk factors for heart disease later in life . Health.com : How cholesterol affects your heart 's health Children with low vitamin-D levels also had higher levels of parathyroid hormone than their counterparts with adequate vitamin D in their blood . Parathyroid hormone is a measure of bone health . When levels are high , it suggests that bones need more calcium to grow . Watch more on kids in the U.S. and low levels of vitamin D " Overall , those most at risk for a vitamin-D deficiency were older , female , obese , drank milk less than once a week , and spent more than four hours a day watching TV , playing video games , or working on a computer . They were also more likely to be children with darker skin , including non-Hispanic blacks and Mexican-Americans .  Children with darker skin are more likely to be deficient in vitamin D because they have more melanin than their fairer counterparts . Melanin is the pigment that gives skin color , but it may prevent the skin from absorbing enough sunlight to produce an adequate amount of vitamin D.  Health.com : Battle aging with vitamin D In the second study , a research team led by Jared P. Reis , Ph.D. , of Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions , looked at 3,577 adolescents ages 12 to 19 . Those with low levels of vitamin D were more likely to have high blood pressure , high levels of blood sugar , and metabolic syndrome  a cluster of factors known to increase risk of heart disease  than their counterparts with ample vitamin D in their blood , regardless of how much they weighed . Exactly how a lack of vitamin D increases the risk of heart disease is an evolving story . In terms of blood pressure , vitamin D helps control renin , a protein that plays a role in regulating blood-pressure levels . Health.com : Why belly fat increases type 2 diabetes risk The best vitamin-D boosting strategy involves a three-pronged approach , says Melamed . "  You can get a little bit from food , but not as much as you need , " she says . "  Supplements are readily available , and kids like to take Flintstones or gummy-bear multivitamins , which typically contain vitamin D. " Also , parents should help their children get at least 10 to 15 minutes of sun exposure daily without sunscreen . "  Set your watch and then apply sunscreen after 15 minutes , " Melamed says . Some children , including those in high-risk groups , may need to be screened to check for low vitamin-D levels . Dr. Michael F. Holick , Ph.D. , a professor of medicine , physiology , and biophysics at Boston University School of Medicine , and the author of "  The Vitamin D Solution "  to be released in April 2010  , has been sounding an alarm about the dangers of low vitamin-D levels for years . Health.com : Easy food swaps cut cholesterol , not taste "  This is a recipe for serious diseases occurring in our children when they are in their 20s and 30s , " he says . Holick was among the first to document the return of rickets -- a disorder caused by a lack of vitamin D and other minerals -- which can lead to the softening and weakening of the bones . Health.com : How to get vitamin D safely " -LSB- But -RSB- rickets is just the tip of the iceberg , " Holick says . "  Vitamin-D deficiency has insidious , serious long-term health consequences for children that could remain with them throughout their lives , " he explains . " -LSB- Parents should know -RSB- their child is likely to be vitamin-D deficient if the child does not take a supplement of 400 IU vitamin D a day and receive some unprotected sun . It is next to impossible to get enough vitamin D from diet , and the sun-phobic attitude has made the problem much worse . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study : 70 percent of American kids are n't getting enough vitamin D Children with darker skin are more likely to be deficient in vitamin D Vitamin D helps control the protein renin , involved in blood pressure levels Vitamin D also helps the bones better absorb calcium
London  CNN  -- Rupert Murdoch can be expected to be personally furious and potentially devastated by the partisan-but-damning judgment of a committee of British lawmakers that he is not a "  fit " person to run an international business . This choice of wording is powerful for two reasons : One immediately damaging to News Corporation and its ambitions to take full control of the prize asset of British Sky Broadcasting , and the second personally damaging for the 81-year-old Murdoch . To hold a broadcasting license in Britain the corporation controlling the television station must itself pass a test that its executives are "  fit and proper . " Within minutes of the parliamentary Culture Media and Sport Committee publishing its judgment about Rupert Murdoch 's behavior and deeper condemnation of the culture at News Corporation the British regulator of television and broadcasting , Ofcom , reiterated in response to a query that it is investigating his status as a leading shareholder in BSkyB . The committee 's words -- made publicly and with the protection of parliamentary privilege from legal action by Murdoch or News Corp -- also take Murdoch back decades to one of the greatest rivalries of his career with the late Czech-born publishing magnate Robert Maxwell . Critics often compared Maxwell and Murdoch in the same sentence , something Murdoch is known to hate since he saw Maxwell while alive as a charlatan . Maxwell 's death led to even greater revelations that he was also at the head of a conspiracy to defraud staff pension-funds controlled by his companies . No one has suggested Murdoch is guilty of financial misconduct in the current controversy which has spanned illegal telephone hacking , alleged corruption of police and civil servants and undue influence over politicians . Murdoch , who values his personal reputation for probity as much as he honors the memory of his father Keith as a campaigning journalist and newspaper proprietor , will not miss the similarity of the language used by the select committee in Tuesday 's judgment and that used by then Board of Trade 's damning judgment in 1971 that Maxwell was "  unfit " to run a public company . That judgment hung heavily on Maxwell 's reputation for the rest of his life . Of course , Maxwell did go on to run a major public company , which after his mysterious death at sea off his luxury yacht in November 1991 was found to have taken more than Â # 400 million  $ 648 million  from staff pension funds in attempts to prop up its failing businesses . Those who forced the tough language through into the committee report will have been in no doubt that the comparison with Maxwell would be made by those with long memories -- no more so the trade unionists Murdoch stomped on and the right-wing establishment he disdained -- and how much it would sting Murdoch . Labour and Liberal Democrat members of the select committee forced the "  not fit " judgment through the minority of their Conservative committee colleagues though the other stinging criticisms of News Corporation were unanimous including that it had been misled by News Corp executives . The report has no legal force but comes with the stamp of parliamentary authority and follows many months of investigation and open hearings , including with Rupert and his son James . Based on two major biographies , it is clear that Murdoch is known to loathe any parallel between himself and Maxwell . The words of the select committee will bring that into sharp relief , providing ammunition to a section of the British establishment which has never liked the Australian publisher and seen him as polluting their vision of British life . For his part , Murdoch has historically relished taking on the effete of Britain , variously accusing them of wanting to turn the country into a museum and recently portraying the crisis swirling around him as the work of "  enemies many different agendas , but worst old toffs and right-wingers who still want last century 's status quo with their monopolies . " Despite now perhaps actually being the establishment , Murdoch still sees himself as the "  Aussie battler " against entrenched interest groups , particularly in the highly class-based British establishment . He is likely to see the damning select committee report -- with its strong language forced through by trade-union-backed Labour politicians with a visceral dislike of his power and wealth -- in the same terms but the comparison with a crook like Maxwell will infuriate and hurt him . And this report is only the latest wave in an ongoing tsunami of bad news . News Corp and Murdoch still have to face months of further revelations about telephone hacking at the News of the World , over-close relationships with police and civil servants and his empire and the embarrassing exposure of just how close relationships were between News and politicians of all major parties in Britain .	UK media regulator Ofcom says it is investigating Murdoch 's status as a leading shareholder in BSkyB Lawmakers ' report used language that may evoke comparisons between Murdoch and rival Rupert Murdoch Bale : Murdoch is not guilty of financial crimes -- but comparison with Maxwell will infuriate and hurt him
Epernay  CNN  -- French presidential frontrunner Francois Hollande chose to spend the final day of his first round campaign in the Ardenne , an area famous for that most Gallic of luxuries -- champagne . Some of the vintners he met there may well be disappointed to learn the Socialist candidate chose not to crack open that ceremonial bottle of bubbly after sailing to victory on April 22 . CNN was informed he toasted with red wine instead . With 28.6 % of the initial vote , Hollande will be pitted against incumbent conservative President Nicolas Sarkozy 's 27.2 % in a run off on May 6 . Does Sarkozy need a miracle ? Before the final showdown , each side will try to win support from the eight other parties who failed to make the cut . Key to their success will be proposals to tackle immigration , the eurozone crisis and , above all , France 's domestic economy . High times , hard times Nestled in the north east of the country , near the border with Belgium , France 's champagne belt provides a unique glimpse into one of Europe 's most protected agrarian economies . The region is something of a national treasure while also being heavily reliant on exports abroad . At its heart is the picturesque town of Epernay . The champagne business is big money . Revenues last year amounted to $ 4.4 billion  $ 5.8 billion  . And despite finances being fragile these days , the champagne industry 's trade body , the Committee Interprofessionnel du Vin de Champagne , says the world quaffed around 323 million bottles of the stuff last year . But champagne producers remain aware of potential challenges on the horizon . Sarkozy relishes tough battle "  How can I put it ? " says Claude Giraud , owner of the 300-year-old champagne house -- or "  maison " -- Henri Giraud . "  To make champagne you need good weather , good soil , good grapes but you also need a good economic climate . " Giraud 's firm has survived two world wars and one revolution . Now into its 12th generation , centuries of investment have left the family well placed to weather the storm . Annual revenues reach around $ 4 million . But with net income only hitting a tenth of that figure , making this finite commodity is n't cheap . Only 33,500 hectares of prize vineyards can give rise to the wine that will ultimately become champagne . Just three varieties of grape are used : One white and two red . Though the actual process of making the champagne may be standardized , the  often secret  blends are not -- thus leading to a plethora of distinct champagnes to sample for anyone lucky enough to visit the region . Pricey to drink and expensive to make Producing champagne requires extensive experience , and the bottles must mature for three to six -- sometimes even nine -- years before consumption . The result : A vibrant wine carrying the promise of high labor and storage costs . Not to mention concerns about varying levels of stock from one year to the next . Over a glass of his fresh and fruity Cuvee "  Exception " Grand Cru  $ 40 a bottle  Jean-Michel Lagneau explains why , after 20 years at prestige houses like Krug , Ruinart and Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin , he decided to go it alone . "  My wife , Agnes , and I are from this region . Our family had land and it made sense . We were passionate and convinced we could make great wines , " he said . Economy : French election 's unspoken issue And the Lagneaus are finally reaping what they sowed . After six years of hefty investment , Champagne Paul-Etienne Saint Germain is posting a profit . Into only their third year of trade , the Lagneaus now count top hotel groups among their clients , like Relais & Chateaux and the Leading Hotels of the World . Bon viveurs in Paris can find Paul-Etienne Saint Germain on top tables , like Pierre Gagnaire 's eponymous culinary mecca in the 8th arrondissement , a winner of 3 Michelin stars . What Lagneau would really like to see from the next French government is support for those who take risks to start a business . With ambitions to expand his foreign customer base , Lagneau also reckons the viability and stability of the common currency are crucial . "  We need the euro . As champagne producers France is n't the only market for us . Much of the champagne we make in this region is sold elsewhere , " he said . Wine of kings and the king of wines Last year , six out of the top 10 foreign markets for the luxury liquor were outside the eurozone . The rest include supposedly cash-strapped countries like Spain and Italy , which also make their own rival sparkling wines . Yet France still has the biggest thirst for its royal nectar . In 2011 domestic demand swallowed 56 % of bottles sold . As such , talk by Hollande of a 75 % tax on the nation 's wealthiest citizens risks eroding demand for Champagne in its target market . How DSK sex scandal boosted Sarkozy rival "  It will probably not hurt the big fortunes too much but effectively it 's a concern , " concedes Lagneau . Giraud is more philosophical . If anything , he says , unlike his latest vintage this year 's elections have left him rather flat . "  No one seems to be tackling the real issues that matter to people , " he said . Both Sarkozy and Hollande aim to balance the books but they differ on how to achieve that goal . The center-right says controlling spending is the way forward whereas those on the left would rather focus on growth . The one thing they do agree on -- much to Giraud 's delight -- is a proposed tax on financial transactions , which the winemaker says should rein in "  speculators who do nothing to contribute or support France 's economy . " The economist John Maynard Keynes , famed for encouraging governments to spend their way back to health , once quipped that his "  only regret in life " was that he "  did n't drink enough champagne . " Champagne socialists the world over -- or the Gauche Caviar in France -- have often trotted out his rhetoric as justification for splashing the cash during a downturn . So , is France ready for its first left-wing leader in 17 years ? "  I 'm not sure , " muses Giraud . "  Mind you , it could be a bit like Champagne . It 's cold up here and we make white wine out of red . " He adds : "  On paper it should n't work but somehow it does and now this region is rich . " Saksya Vandoorne in Paris contributed to this article .	French presidential frontrunner Francois Hollande will be pitted against incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy in a run-off May 6 Key to election success will be showing ways to tackle the eurozone crisis and France 's domestic economy Making champagne is big business in France , bringing in $ 5.8 billion last year Champagne producers are aware of potential challenges on the horizon
London  CNN  -- Venezuelan pianist Gabriela Montero dedicated part of a London concert to those confronting the government in Venezuela , saying she felt "  our sadness , our impotence , our frustration " . Fighting back tears , the 40-year-old virtuoso , who is a noted critic of the collectivist policies of President Nicolas Maduro and his predecessor Hugo Chavez , improvised a piano piece which she said was her interpretation of the struggle in Venezuela of anti-government activists . "  When I improvise , people understand , people feel the pain that we feel , " she told her audience at the Queen Elizabeth Hall of the Royal Festival Hall in London on Wednesday . The audience was mainly English but dotted with Venezuelan flags and a smattering of her compatriots in caps and T-shirts in the starred yellow , blue and red colors of the Venezuelan flag . Clearly moved by the presence of Venezuelans , she said : "  To see the Venezuelans here , to see the flags , just killed me . " Born in Caracas to an American mother and a Venezuelan father , Montero was a child prodigy and is a star on the world concert tour . She played at the inauguration of President Barack Obama in 2009 and now lives in the U.S. . During a break in her concert , after taking requests from the audience and improvising on them , Montero told the audience Venezuela was facing a "  very , very critical time " . It was "  one of our great tragedies " she said , adding that few outside the country understood what was going on in Venezuela . She referenced a high murder rate and , to applause , mourned what she called "  the loss of our country to violence , to corruption and to the worst possible things you can imagine . " Montero has been outspoken in her support for those who have challenged the government in Venezuela and has deplored the state of the country and the crackdown on protesters . Last month she criticized another famous Venezuelan music star , conductor Gustavo Dudamel of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra , and younger conductor Christian Vazquez for performing in Venezuela while the protests raged on the streets . "  They played a concert while their people were being massacred , " she said in an open letter . Dudamel responded by saying he condemned the violence and his music represented the "  universal language of peace " .	Pianist Gabriela Montero tells a London concert how Venezuela is being lost to violence and corruption Montero was moved to tears by seeing Venezuelan flags in the crowd Few outside Venezuela understand what is happening , Montero tells her audience
NEW YORK  CNN  -- It 's been described as the closest thing to being buried alive -- complete paralysis of the body , except for controlled movement of the eyes . Erik Ramsey shortly before a car crash left him "  locked-in , " able to think and reason but paralyzed except for his eyes That 's how 24-year-old Erik Ramsey has spent the last eight years of his life . He suffered a brain stem stroke after a car accident when he was 16 , leaving him with "  locked-in " syndrome . This condition is not the same as other forms of paralysis where you feel nothing in the affected areas . Ramsey has 100 percent sensation all over his body . An itch can become excruciating with no way to communicate that he needs it scratched . He has frequent muscle spasms as well , which can be painful . "  Even sweat rolling down his skin or something , there 's nothing he can do about it , " said Eddie Ramsey , 57 , Erik 's father . "  So he feels everything in the environment , but there is really just nothing he could do about it . " Doctors told the Ramseys that their son has no chance of getting better . "  There 's always hope , but a large portion of it is in the category of miracles , " said Eddie Ramsey . But new research may give Erik Ramsey the miracle he has been waiting for . Dr. Phil Kennedy , chief scientist at Neural Signals Inc. , a company he founded to conduct research on the brain and communication . He came up with a revolutionary idea that he believed could turn Ramsey 's thoughts into speech . He invented an electrode that detects the neural signals in the speech motor area of Ramsey 's brain . In December 2004 , the electrode was implanted , and Kennedy , along with four independent labs , began decoding the signals in Ramsey 's brain . The researchers asked him to think of specific vowel sounds , then mapped his brain activity . By knowing what his brain looked like when he thought each specific sound , scientists could translate the activity into a language that a voice synthesizer could read . Dr. Frank Guenther , associate professor of cognitive and neural systems at Boston University , said his lab , one of three others pursuing neural signal translation , had a breakthrough recently : They were able to hear the sounds Ramsey was trying to say using the decoder they built . "  That was a very exciting moment , where we knew this process of taking neural signals and driving a synthesizer was going to work , " Guenther said . In the next two months , researchers will hook up the synthesizer . Ramsey will produce his first vowel sounds then . The next phase is getting him to produce consonants , which are much harder to synthesize . Conversations , they say , are still about two years away . For Ramsey , this will mean expressing himself beyond just one word answers . The only way he can indicate what he wants is by moving his eyes up for "  yes " and down for "  no . " But even this method only goes so far . He gets so tired that he can answer only about six questions before he has to stop . Former Elle magazine editor Jean-Dominque Bauby suffered from the same syndrome and was also able to communicate using only one eye . He wrote about the horror of having locked-in syndrome in his book "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly , " which was made into a film released November 30 . Bauby 's writing was an exceedingly slow process . He dictated the book by blinking his left eye when the correct letter was presented to him . He described his mind as a butterfly flying freely inside a diving bell -- a chamber that is placed underwater , trapping the air inside . His descriptions of life as a man who is paralyzed and mute gave Eddie Ramsey the first detailed account of what it must be for his son to live with locked-in syndrome . "  He had to blink that book with one eye , " Eddie Ramsey said tearfully . "  Had he never done that , no one would ever understand what locked-in means . " Asked if ever wanted to end his life , Erik Ramsey looked up , his way of saying yes . Asked if he still felt that way , he looked up again . But he has n't lost all hope . Asked if he believes Kennedy 's research will allow him to communicate again , he answered "  yes . " Eddie Ramsey thinks so too . "  Dr. Kennedy said he believes Erik will be able to speak again either through a voice synthesizer or through some other means . I believe him and I agree with him , " he said . It may do the same for tens of thousands of people living with Lou Gehrig 's disease , muscular dystrophy or even Alzheimer 's who have lost their ability to speak . E-mail to a friend	Scientists working to convert "  locked-in " man 's brain signals to speech Electrode captures brain signal , converts it language voice synthesizer can read Erik Ramsey is able to think , reason , but completely paralyzed except for eyes Only way he can indicate what he wants is to move eyes up for "  yes , " down for "  no "
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- An explosion late Tuesday ripped through a soccer viewing center showing a World Cup match in northeastern Nigeria , police and residents said . The incident occurred on the outskirts of Damaturu , in Yobe state , the sources said . The explosives had been concealed in an abandoned motorized rickshaw outside the center . People were watching the Brazil-Mexico match . "  Our men have deployed to the scene , but it 's too early for us to give details , " said Yobe state police Commissioner Sanusi Ruf ` ai . Volatile northeastern Nigeria is the home of the notorious Boko Haram group , the militant Islamists who abducted scores of schoolgirls in April . Maina Ularamu , a local official in Madagali , in Adamawa state , told CNN last week that people in the town , which has been the target of previous Boko Haram attacks , had been warned against watching World Cup matches . "  Letters have been distributed to viewing centers in Adamawa state warning people not to gather to watch the World Cup games , " she said . "  We suspect these letters to be from Boko Haram militants . People are very afraid and are not leaving their homes . " To try to combat the growing threat from Boko Haram , the Nigerian government placed Yobe , Borno and Adamawa states under a state of emergency last year . Where are Nigeria 's missing girls ? On the hunt for Boko Haram How Nigeria 's brutal schoolgirl abduction shocked the world CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	An explosion hit a soccer viewing center in Damaturu , in Yobe state People were watching the Brazil-Mexico World Cup match at the time Northeastern Nigeria has been plagued by violent attacks by Boko Haram
CNN  -- Italy striker Mario Balotelli has condemned racist abuse from his country 's own supporters during Wednesday night 's international friendly against Romania in Austria . The 20-year-old , who was born in Brescia but has Ghanaian parents , was targeted by a small group of people who raised banners with slogans including "  No to a multi-ethnic national team , " the Reuters website reported . Balotelli , who is in his first season at English club Manchester City , played for an hour of the 1-1 draw in Klagenfurt before being substituted . "  Honestly , I do n't know what to say . If I have to hear those chants every time , you ca n't go forward like that , " he told Italian television channel Mediaset . "  I am happy to be in the national team . It would n't be right to stop a game because a few fans that turn up to the stadium behave like that . "  We need to change these people , but it 's not me that has to do it . Where I live , the people do n't reason like these people . A multi-ethnic Italy already exists and we can do better . " Balotelli said he had tried to ignore the insults while on the pitch . "  I 've learnt that it 's better to pretend that nothing is happening . Thankfully I do n't know the people who insult me -- what hurts more are the insults of those who know and love you , " he said in quotes carried by AFP . "  This time I was good , that way no-one can accuse me of having provoked them , so you can be the judges -- but I will stay angry and bitter . " Italy coach Cesar Prandelli backed the player to shrug off the abuse , having experienced it since he began his career in Serie A with Inter Milan . "  I feel disappointment and anger . We always hear these chants and something has to be done about it , " he told reporters after the match . "  We feel helpless . He has the support of everyone . His performance was optimum . He has done really well . It 's a pity in the first half we did n't have much depth . " Italian Football Federation president Giancarlo Abete added : "  This is something that must be condemned . This is unacceptable behavior . " Meanwhile , Balotelli denied reports claiming that he was set for an early return to Italy to play with Inter 's arch-rivals AC Milan despite being seen having dinner with the club 's vice-president Adriano Galliani on Sunday . "  The likelihood is that I will be at City up to June . I have a five-year contract and I ca n't say anything , " he told Mediaset . "  It 's true that I had supper with Galliani after the -LSB- Milan -RSB- derby . But had I eaten with -LSB- Inter president Massimo -RSB- Moratti , the media would have said that I was going to Inter . "	Mario Balotelli "  bitter and angry " after being racially abused by Italy supporters Right-wing fans fly banners saying Italy should not have multi-ethnic national team Balotelli played for an hour against Romania in Klagenfurt before being taken off National coach Cesar Prandelli supports the 20-year-old and condemns the abuse
London  CNN  -- One of the first journalists to go on the record and allege phone hacking at News of the World was found dead Monday , the British Press Association said . Sean Hoare , a former News of the World employee who said Andy Coulson "  encouraged " phone-hacking , "  was discovered at his home in Watford , Hertfordshire , after concerns were raised about his whereabouts , " the press association said . "  The death is being treated as ` unexplained , but not thought to be suspicious , ' " the report quoted Hertfordshire police as saying . The Guardian reported that Hoare had recently injured his nose and his foot in an accident . It was unclear whether those injuries were linked to his death . Hoare had publicly accused News of the World of phone-hacking and using "  pinging " -- a method of tracking someone 's cell phone using technology that only police and security officials could access -- according to the New York Times . Hoare was one of the few sources who allowed his name to be used when speaking to the Times last year for an investigative report about allegations of phone-hacking by the British tabloid . In his remarks , he specifically accused Andy Coulson -- former editor of News of the World , who went on to become Prime Minister David Cameron 's communications director -- of wrongdoing . The Times described Hoare has a "  onetime close friend of Coulson 's . " "  The two men first worked together at The Sun , where , Hoare said , he played tape recordings of hacked messages for Coulson , " the Times wrote in its report last September . "  At News of the World , Hoare said he continued to inform Coulson of his pursuits . Coulson ` actively encouraged me to do it , ' Hoare said . " The report added that Hoare said he was "  fired during a period when he was struggling with drugs and alcohol . He said he was now revealing his own use of the dark arts -- which included breaking into the messages of celebrities like David and Victoria Beckham -- because it was unfair for the paper to pin the blame solely on " one reporter who covered the royal family . "  Coulson declined to comment for this article but has maintained that he was unaware of the hacking , " the report said . Coulson worked for Cameron until the police launched their new phone-hacking investigation in January , then resigned , still protesting his innocence , but saying he had become a distraction for the prime minister . Last week , the Times reported that Hoare , a former show-business reporter for News of the World , also described "  pinging " by the newspaper . "  Pinging " is a term for locating a person using his or her cell phone number -- something that only law enforcement and security officials are allowed to do , the paper reported Hoare "  said that when he worked there , pinging cost the paper nearly $ 500 on each occasion , " the Times reported . A second former editor at the paper backed Hoare 's account , speaking anonymously , the Times reported . The Times reported that people on the police payroll were bribed to use the technology to pinpoint people 's locations , according to the two former News of the World journalists . The Guardian newspaper also spoke to Hoare last week . He told the paper it was "  bollocks " that Coulson did n't know about the practice of "  pinging , " noting that "  the chain of command is one of absolute discipline " at News of the World . Hoare "  repeatedly expressed the hope that the hacking scandal would lead to journalism in general being cleaned up and said he had decided to blow the whistle on the activities of some of his former News of the World colleagues with that aim in mind , " the Guardian reported Monday . "  He also said he had been injured at a party the previous weekend while taking down a marquee erected for a children 's party . He said he had broken his nose and badly injured his foot when a relative accidentally struck him with a heavy pole from the marquee , " the report said . Hoare emphasized that he was not making money from telling his story , the Guardian reported .	NEW : Hoare was recently injured in an accident , The Guardian reported NEW : Was Coulson unaware of the pinging ? "  Bollocks , " Hoare told The Guardian The death is "  not thought to be suspicious , " police say Hoare told the New York Times the phone hacking included celebrities ' phones
CNN  -- Tennis pro Andy Roddick will retire after the U.S. Open tournament , a spokesman for the International Tennis Federation said Thursday . Roddick , who turned 30 years old on Thursday , is the last American man to win the New York grand slam , in 2003 . "  I just feel like it 's time , " the former world No. 1 told reporters after making his announcement . "  I do n't know that I 'm healthy enough or committed enough to go another year . I 've always wanted to , in a perfect world , finish at this event -- I have a lot of family and friends here , " Roddick said , according to a recording of his news conference posted on the U.S. Open 's website . "  I 've thought all year that I would know when I got to this tournament . When I was playing my first round , I knew . " Roddick , now ranked 22nd , won his opening match at Flushing Meadows and was to play Australia 's Bernard Tomic in the second round on Friday . The hard-court event , the last of the tennis season 's four majors , conclude September 9 . "  Andy has been an outstanding ambassador for our sport and our country , always carrying himself with the character and class that define a champion , " said U.S. Tennis Association board chairman Jon Vegosen . "  In addition to representing the U.S. on the world stage , he was a Davis Cup stalwart and standout . " Roddick exits early at French Open The 2003 U.S. Open victory was his only grand slam win , while he lost in the final in 2006 . Roddick was also a three-time runner-up on the grass courts of Wimbledon , but his main attacking weapons have been less potent in recent years due to a series of injuries and changes in tennis that have taken the emphasis off power serving . In 2003 , Roddick was the youngest American and the second youngest overall to finish No. 1 in the history of the ATP rankings since 1973 . In 2004 , he won four titles and led the U.S. to the first Davis Cup final since 1997 by going 6-2 in singles , and he recorded the world 's fastest serve at 155 mph in the Davis Cup on September 24 , the ATP said . Last year he captured his 30th career title on the ATP World Tour in Memphis to increase his title streak to 11 consecutive years , the ATP said . Speaking to reporters Thursday , Roddick explained his decision . "  I 've always , for whatever my faults have been , felt like I 've never done anything halfway , " he said . "  It 's probably the first time in my career that I can sit here and say I 'm not sure that I can put everything into it physically and emotionally . "  I do n't know that I want to disrespect the game by coasting home . " CNN 's Heidi Berger contributed to this report .	"  I do n't know that I want to disrespect the game by coasting home , " Roddick says Andy Roddick turned 30 years old on Thursday He will compete in the U.S. Open and then retire , an official says He was the last American man to win the U.S. Open in 2003
Beijing  CNN  -- A typhoon that killed at least 39 people in the Philippines made landfall in southern China on Thursday . Chinese authorities evacuated 300,000 people as they prepared for the effects of Typhoon Nesat , a disaster-response agency reported . It is the strongest typhoon to hit China this year , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Nesat made landfall in southern China 's Hainan province , bringing strong winds and rain to Wengitan Township and nearby areas , Xinhua reported . In addition to evacuations , authorities in southern China recalled ships and suspended scheduled flights and ferry trips as they steeled for the typhoon 's effect , the news agency reported . The death toll from the storm in the Philippines , meanwhile , has increased . The storm killed 39 people , injured 43 others and left 31 missing , according to the most recent figures from the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . Nesat -- referred to in the Philippines as Pedring -- displaced thousands in the archipelago nation , the state-run Philippines News Agency reported . A baby boy was among the dead when the typhoon slammed into the Philippines on Tuesday , authorities said . The storm struck the agricultural provinces of Isabela and Aurora the hardest . But storm alerts were also issued for more than 40 other areas , including metro Manila , the state weather bureau Philippine Atmospheric Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration said . Nearly 680,000 people were affected by the typhoon in 31 provinces , the disaster council said . More than 120 people were rescued across the country , the council said , many of them from boats . Some roads around Manila were impassable due to flooding and falling debris , including branches that had been ripped off trees . Several areas in Metro Manila and nearby provinces were without electricity as the powerful storm cut power and transmission lines . Meanwhile , another storm -- Tropical Storm Nalgae -- is expected to make landfall in the Philippines on Saturday , according to the Japan Meteorological Agency 's Typhoon Center .	Typhoon Nesat has made landfall in southern China The storm killed at least 39 people in the Philippines It 's the strongest typhoon to hit China this year
London  CNN  -- A British girl who survived the execution-style killing of her father , mother and grandmother in a normally idyllic region of the Alps last week returned to Britain on Friday , authorities said . Zainab al-Hilli , 7 , left France in the morning and arrived in the UK , Surrey police said . As the only survivor , she could be a key witness who saw who carried out the shooting , according to the French prosecutor leading the investigation . She spent several days in a medically induced coma , and as of Wednesday , she remained too badly injured to be questioned , Eric Maillaud said . She was beaten and shot in the attack , and rescued by a British cyclist who came upon the scene on September 5 . The cyclist , former Royal Air Force pilot Brett Martin , helped the injured girl and called for help . In an interview with BBC News , he recounted the shocking scene he stumbled across as he went on a regular bike ride in a national park . Martin said what he found in the parking lot -- three people shot dead in a car and a fourth on the ground nearby -- was like "  a Hollywood scene . " His account came as French prosecutor Maillaud and investigating Judge Michel Mollin were in Britain seeking new leads in the case . They met with Surrey Police , whose officers have been helping French investigators to search the home of two of the victims , Saad and Ikbal al-Hilli , in Claygate town , Surrey county . Bomb squad clears suspicious items in victims ' home Maillaud said it was "  highly likely that the reasons and causes for  the crime  have their origin in this country . " "  Our presence here does not mean that there are problems between the two jurisdictions , " Maillaud said . "  We wish to reinforce our cooperation and understanding with hope to reach a conclusion to these horrible murders . " Surrey Police will do all they can to assist the French-led investigation , said Rob Price , the assistant chief constable . Maillaud said Wednesday that investigators were focused on three main areas : Saad al-Hilli 's job , his links to his native Iraq and a reported family dispute over money involving his brother . Born in Baghdad in 1962 , Saad al-Hilli was a naturalized British citizen who had lived in the United Kingdom for decades . He was an engineer working at Surrey Satellite Technology , a high-tech company owned by EADS , an aerospace corporation that builds satellites . Authorities have been tight-lipped about possible perpetrators and motives in the attack , although speculation has been rife in the British media . Martin 's account to the BBC shed fresh light on the grisly scene that confronted French police near Lake Annecy after the alarm was raised last Wednesday . ` Slaughter at Chevaline ' : More questions than answers The first thing he saw as he cycled up the mountain road near the village of Chevaline was the bike of a French cyclist on the ground , Martin said . Then he spotted the wounded girl , whose parents and grandmother were subsequently identified as those shot to death in the car . She was stumbling and falling over , and at first he thought she was playing , Martin told the BBC . Then he realized she was injured and put her in a recovery position as she slipped in and out of consciousness . The car engine was still revving and wheels spinning , he said , making him fear it could move and harm the girl and the cyclist whose bike he had seen on the ground . "  At first I thought , there 's been a terrible accident between a cyclist and a car , because there was a cyclist on the ground more or less in front of the car . But there were things that did n't quite match , because the cyclist 's bike was n't beside him , so as the minutes went on , I started to change my opinion , " he told the BBC . He pushed in one of the car windows , which had bullet holes in it , to turn off the engine -- and saw the bodies inside . "  I 've never seen people who 've been shot before for real ... but it seemed to me just like a Hollywood scene , and if someone had said ` cut ' and everybody got up and walked away , that would have been it . But unfortunately , it was real life . ... It became quite obvious now , taking stock , that it was a gun crime , " he said . Realizing that whoever was responsible could still be in the area , Martin became increasingly anxious but faced a dilemma . He had no cell phone signal to call emergency services , but the girl appeared too badly injured for him to carry her down the mountain . Martin decided to leave her in a safe position and set off back down the road on his bike to summon help . He managed to flag down a car and asked the French motorist to call for help , before returning to the scene to check on the girl , who was then unconscious . He added that he was not surprised that French police had failed to spot a second child , a 4-year-old girl , hiding in the back of the car under her dead mother 's legs , for nearly eight hours . The girl , who has been reunited with other family members , told investigators she heard noise but saw nothing . Young girl found alive among bodies in France Martin , from Sussex in southern England , went back to France on Wednesday to retrace his route and see if new recollections came to mind . The pilot , who now works in civil aviation and has a family business in Annecy , had given a detailed statement to police immediately after the shooting , including details of vehicles that passed him on the road , he said . CNN 's Kirsten Dewar , Laura Smith-Spark and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	The 7-year-old girl is potentially the only person now alive who saw the killings , authorities say A French prosecutor and judge are in Britain seeking new leads in the case A British cyclist who was first at the scene of the shootings recounts what he saw Saad al-Hilli , his wife and mother-in-law were shot dead , along with a French cyclist
CNN  -- The latest in a series of beleaguered Carnival cruises made its way back to port early Sunday , capping a harrowing week for passengers aboard several troubled ships . The Carnival Legend arrived in Tampa , Florida , hours ahead of schedule Sunday morning after propulsion system problems hampered its sailing speed . The company had to cancel a scheduled stop on Grand Cayman because of the technical difficulty . But Carnival Cruise Lines said the Legend is still scheduled to head out for its next voyage on time Sunday afternoon while technicians continue working on the repairs . "  The ship is expected to operate its normal itinerary with the exception of one port -- Grand Cayman -- which is being replaced by Costa Maya , " Carnival said in a statement . "  Any guests wishing not to proceed based on the change to one port of call have been given the option of canceling and receiving a full refund . " The company stressed that all safety systems , steering and hotel services were functioning normally . But dismayed vacationers from the Legend 's previous voyage vented their frustration . "  Passengers are now really pissed off , " passenger Rob Bonenfant said via e-mail before the ship 's arrival . "  Mood on the ship is getting worse among passengers , captain is giving limited information . " Senator proposes cruise ` bill of rights ' The Legend 's malfunction is the latest in a growing list of woes for the travel company . In the past month , three other Carnival cruise ships have reported problems . One U.S. lawmaker said Sunday that the recent cruise incidents prompted him to propose a "  Cruise Ship Passenger Bill of Rights . " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , said he was asking the cruise industry to voluntarily sign on to a list of guidelines , including the right to backup power if generators fail and the right to disembark a docked ship "  if basic provisions can not adequately be provided on board . " He also called on the International Maritime Organization to investigate whether cruise lines are following existing guidelines , and whether existing standards are being enforced by countries where cruise ships that serve U.S. passengers are based . "  Cruise ships , in large part operating outside the bounds of United States enforcement , have become the wild west of the travel industry , and it 's time to rein them in before anyone else gets hurt , " Schumer said in a statement . "  This bill of rights , based on work we 've done with the airline industry , will ensure that passengers are n't forced to live in third world conditions or put their lives at risk when they go on vacation . " Carnival Dream : Stuck in the Caribbean The Carnival Dream lost power and some toilets stopped working temporarily last week , and for a while no one was allowed to get off the vessel docked at Philipsburg , St. Maarten , in the eastern Caribbean . Gregg Stark , who was traveling with his wife and two young children on the Dream , said conditions on the ship were deplorable . "  There 's human waste all over the floor in some of the bathrooms and they 're overflowing -- and in the state rooms , " he said last week . "  The elevators have not been working . " Another passenger , Jonathan Evans , said passengers were kept on the ship "  despite the fact that we have no way to use the restrooms on board . " But Carnival told CNN that based on conversations with the ship 's management , a look at service logs "  and extensive physical monitoring of all public areas , including restrooms , throughout the night , we can confirm that only one public restroom was taken offline for cleaning based on toilet overflow and there was a total of one request for cleaning of a guest cabin bathroom . " Carnival said the ship 's emergency diesel generator failed , but the cruise line disputed notions of a widespread system failure . "  The ship 's power plant , propulsion and hotel systems are fully operational . Aside from some periodic interruptions to restroom and elevator service for a few hours Tuesday night , at no time have any of the ship 's systems and services not been functional , " Carnival said in its statement . The company said it was flying the more than 4,000 passengers and will give them discounts . By late Saturday , most of the passengers had left St. Maarten by air . Once all passengers leave the ship , the Dream 's crew will sail back to Port Canaveral on Sunday , the company said . The ship 's next voyage has been canceled . Passenger David Howard said he thought conditions were fine aboard the Dream , but said he was frustrated with how his family and other passengers were treated and by the "  lack of communication . " Howard said he and his family were n't told until 1:45 a.m. Friday they had to get off the ship by 7:30 a.m. , so they had to rush to pack in the middle of the night . A message from the captain Dream passengers received a letter from the captain , according to a passenger who e-mailed a photo of the correspondence to CNN . Capt. Massimo Marino told passengers they would be booked on flights to Orlando or another destination . Passengers with cars at Port Canaveral would be bused from Orlando to the facility about an hour away . "  We sincerely apologize for the disappointment this unexpected change has caused and regret we were unable to provide you with the fun and memorable cruise vacation we had in store for you , " he wrote . The letter also offers passengers a three-day refund and a half-price cruise in the future . Crisis communication expert Tom Donahue said Carnival may be making the right operational decisions . But the frequency and effectiveness of communications to passengers -- who have no other information source -- are what influences the passengers ' perspective . Carnival Elation Like the Carnival Legend , the Carnival Elation suffered problems with its Azipod , a crucial part for steering and propelling a vessel . A tug boat trailing the ship as it travels on the Mississippi River is "  purely a precautionary measure , " the company said . Memories of the defeated Triumph In the most publicized case , an engine room fire last month left the Carnival Triumph crippled and adrift in the Gulf of Mexico with more than 4,200 people aboard . That scheduled four-day cruise stretched into eight days as tugs pulled the vessel into port in Alabama . Food was scarce , passengers sweltered in the heat with no air conditioning , toilets overflowed , and human waste ran down the walls in some parts of the ship , passengers reported . A class-action lawsuit against Carnival Corp. followed . The Triumph is still being repaired at a shipyard in Mobile , Alabama , Carnival spokeswoman Joyce Oliva said . Last week , Carnival announced it was conducting "  a comprehensive review " of all 23 of its ships after the fire that crippled Triumph . Carnival President and CEO Gerry Cahill said the investigation will focus on the prevention , detection and suppression of fires , engine room redundancies and what additional hotel facilities might be provided and might run off the emergency generators . "  We are now focused on the lessons we can learn from the incident and also what additional operational redundancies might be available , " Cahill said last week . Another ship , the Carnival Splendor , had a fire in 2010 due to "  a catastrophic failure of a diesel generator , " he said . Not doomed Despite all the recent problems , Donahue does n't see any long-term negative effects for Carnival or its competitors . "  I do n't necessarily see  last  week 's events , or even combined with the Triumph event , as casting a pall on the cruise industry , " he said , noting that several colleagues and friends who have recently gone on cruises , including on Carnival , enjoyed their vacations . "  People generally accept that complex pieces of equipment can encounter challenges . That 's not the hurdle . I do n't think anybody considering the cruise would be unforgiving of an unforeseen event , because those types of events occur with complex systems . People are far less forgiving  when  communications around the events seem to be lacking . " CNN 's Mark Morgenstein , Dave Alsup , Chuck Johnston , Tina Burnside , Marlena Baldacci and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Charles Schumer proposes a cruise ship passenger "  bill of rights " Carnival Legend arrives in Tampa after technical difficulties that affected sailing speed Most Carnival Dream passengers have flown home after on-board problems A tug boat is trailing the Carnival Elation as a precautionary measure , the company says
CNN  -- A 25-year-old man suffered life-threatening injuries Tuesday when a shark attacked him while he was surfing in Eureka , California , local authorities said . Other surfers pulled the injured man from the water , loaded him into a pickup truck and rushed him to a hospital before the local beach patrol could respond , the Humboldt County Sheriff 's Office said . A deputy who spoke with the victim as he was being taken to surgery said the man suffered a 14-inch bite wound and other , smaller wounds . The deputy did not specify what parts of the body were injured . The attack occurred shortly after noon off the North Jetty at Eureka 's Bunker Surf Spot . Officials did not release the victim 's name . Were you there ? Surfer dies after shark attack off California air force base Great white shark killed California surfer , officials say	Unidentified man , 25 , suffers life-threatening injury , sheriff 's office says Other surfers off Eureka shore rescue victim , take him to hospital
CNN  -- Fans of classic 1970 's films like "  Network " and "  The Parallax View " should flock to "  The Ides of March , " George Clooney 's fourth outing as a director and second produced screenplay . It 's a taut and engaging political thriller that should resonate with Americans of any political persuasion . Liberal , left-wing Pennsylvania Gov. Mike Morris  Clooney  is in the fight of his life , running for the Democratic nomination for president . He leads in the polls and the delegate count , but anything can happen in the week before the primary and a potential spoiler/kingmaker waits in the wings in the form of North Carolina Sen. Thompson  Jeffrey Wright  . Stakes are high . The old saying of "  as Ohio goes , so goes the nation " implies that a win in the primary is the key . However , Sen. Thompson controls a large group of delegates who are likely to go to whatever candidate he endorses . So while trying to win Ohio , both Morris and his rival are at the same time clandestinely courting Thompson 's favors , with New York Times reporter Ida Horowicz  Marissa Tomei  doggedly looking for the scoop . With so much of modern politics playing out in the media , the results often hinge on the dance between campaign and reporter . This complicated pas de deux with Tomei 's reporter is performed on the campaign side by grizzled veteran campaign manager Paul Zara  Philip Seymour Hoffman  and hotshot young press secretary Stephen Meyers  Ryan Gosling  .  Which kind of makes it a pas de trois , but never mind . Gosling is at the center of the film , once again proving that he is more than capable of holding his own in a group of heavyweights , inhabiting Myers like he 's been playing him on stage for years . In fact , "  The Ides of March " is adapted from Beau Willimon 's play "  Farragut North . " Ambitious and aggressively idealistic , the only thing Myers cares about more than winning is believing in his candidate , which of course sets him apart from virtually all the real-world political operators working inside the D.C. Beltway and sets him up for a vicious life lesson . As Gov. Morris , Clooney is at his best , with his campaign speeches and television appearances echoing Bill Clinton , but with a charm that leans more towards the urbane than the folksy . At one point Morris flat out tells a debate audience not to vote for him if they do n't agree with his positions on the issues . Imagine ! It is in the private moments , however , that the true , cynical face of politics shows its face and it is in this cynicism that "  Ides " finds its true footing . A throwback film in a sense , "  Ides " is not the "  Pretty Woman " look at politics and things get ugly . An old saw is that working in politics is a great place to meet women and this holds true here , as Myers meets young , aggressive campaign intern Molly  Evan Rachel Wood  and their short and rather unsubtle flirtation leads to a series of events that , before they conclude , affect virtually everyone involved in dramatic ways and shakes Myers ' beliefs to the core . At one point the 30-year-old Myers brags that he 's worked on more campaigns than most people have by the time they 're 40 , but Hoffman 's Zara and equally seasoned rival campaign manager Tom Duffy  Paul Giamatti  in turn play Myers like a violin , proving that "  The X-Files " was right : Trust no one . To which I would add : and keep your mouth shut . In essence , "  Ides " is about tests . A test of idealism in the face of reality and a test of political resolve in the face of events that shake conviction . Gosling 's Myers is playing with the big boys and navigating the often ethically muddy waters of presidential politics is not for the faint of heart . It is also about compromise . How much of your ideals , integrity and reputation are you willing to sacrifice for "  the greater good " and does that greater good actually exist ? While the choices may be integrity vs. career and ethics vs. ambition , it 's not always clear which choice will produce which result . Despite Clooney 's outspoken left-leaning politics , this is a film without a partisan agenda and one that both sides of the aisle ought to see and in which they may quite possibly see themselves . It 's an entertaining , suspenseful and deeply cynical film , but politics is a cynical business and maybe this will be seen as a cautionary tale ... though I doubt it . Was that too cynical ?	George Clooney heads up a star-studded cast in "  The Ides of March " The political drama follows the presidential campaign of a Pennsylvania governor Philip Seymour Hoffman , Ryan Gosling and Marissa Tomei also co-star
CNN  -- The White House found itself on the defensive Friday over what would ordinarily be considered the most uncontroversial of events : a back-to-school speech to the nation 's children . The White House says President Obama 's address next week to schoolchildren is n't a policy speech . The White House said the address , set for Tuesday , and accompanying suggested lesson plans are simply meant to encourage students to study hard and stay in school . Many conservative parents are n't buying it . They 're convinced the president is going to use the opportunity to press a partisan political agenda on impressionable young minds . "  Thinking about my kids in school having to listen to that just really upsets me , " suburban Colorado mother Shanneen Barron told CNN Denver affiliate KMGH . "  I 'm an American . They are Americans , and I do n't feel that 's OK . I feel very scared to be in this country with our leadership right now . " Watch how some parents are upset " School administrators are caught in the middle of the controversy . Some have decided to show the president 's speech , while others will not . Many , such as Wellesley , Massachusetts , superintendent Bella Wong , are deciding on a class-by-class basis , leaving the decision in the hands of individual teachers . "  The president of the United States has asked us to facilitate his outreach to students . And in that vein , we have decided to honor the request , " Wong told CNN . "  We 'll trust in his judgment . " Republican leaders have not shied away from the debate . Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a possible contender for the GOP 's 2012 presidential nomination , said Friday the classroom is no place to show a video address from Obama . Watch the debate over the president 's speech " "  At a minimum it 's disruptive . Number two , it 's uninvited . And number three , if people would like to hear his message they can , on a voluntary basis , go to YouTube or some other source and get it . I do n't think he needs to force it upon the nation 's school children , " he told reporters at the Minnesota State fair . Florida GOP Chairman Jim Greer released a statement this week accusing Obama of using taxpayer money to "  indoctrinate " children . "  As the father of four children , I am absolutely appalled that taxpayer dollars are being used to spread President Obama 's socialist ideology , " Greer said . "  The idea that school children across our nation will be forced to watch the president justify his plans ... is not only infuriating , but goes against beliefs of the majority of Americans , while bypassing American parents through an invasive abuse of power . " Watch why some conservatives are angered by Obama 's school speech " Nonsense , the White House replied . "  The goal of the speech and the lesson plans is to challenge students to work hard , stay in school and dramatically reduce the dropout rate , " an administration spokesman said . "  This is n't a policy speech . It 's a speech designed to encourage kids to stay in school . " White House officials noted that Obama 's speech , which will be available for anyone to view on the Web on Monday , is not unprecedented . President George H.W. Bush delivered a nationally televised speech to students from a Washington D.C. , school in the fall of 1991 , encouraging them to say no to drugs and work hard . In November 1988 , President Ronald Reagan delivered more politically charged remarks that were made available to students nationwide . Among other things , Reagan called taxes "  such a penalty on people that there 's no incentive for them to prosper ... because they have to give so much to the government . " Charles Saylors , president of the national Parent Teacher Association , said the uproar over Obama 's speech is "  sad . " "  The president of the United States , regardless of political affiliation , should be able to have a presentation and have a pep talk , if you will , to America 's students , " he told CNN . Some of the controversy surrounding Obama 's speech stems from a proposed lesson plan created by the Education Department to accompany the address . An initial version of the plan recommended that students draft letters to themselves discussing "  what they can do to help the president . " The letters "  would be collected and redistributed at an appropriate later date by the teacher to make students accountable to their goals , " the plan stated . After pressure from conservatives , the White House said that the plan was not artfully worded , and distributed a revised version encouraging students to write letters about how they can "  achieve their short-term and long-term education goals . " A number of the president 's critics , however , were not placated . "  As far as I 'm concerned this is not civics education -- it gives the appearance of creating a cult of personality , " said Oklahoma state Sen. Steve Russell , a Republican . White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs dismissed the whole dispute Friday as part of "  the silly season . " The administration , while acknowledging it made a mistake with the initial lesson plan , has been frustrated by the controversy , said CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry . It was a much different atmosphere when Bush made similar remarks 18 years ago , Henry noted . "  Let 's face it . You did n't really have blogs . You did n't have as many cable networks out there as you do now , " Henry said . "  I think people just sort of take something and blow it out of proportion in this environment right now . " The controversy is the latest example of how sharply polarized political debate has become . "  Ninety percent of Americans who identify with the president 's party approve of him , but 85 percent of those who belong to the opposition party disapprove , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  In that kind of environment , almost nothing Obama does is immune from politics . "	National PTA president calls uproar over President Obama 's speech sad Conservatives object to Obama 's speech to schoolchildren , say it 's propaganda Educators find themselves at center of debate over next week 's address White House says speech will urge students to study hard and stay in school
Every day , millions of people like 16-year-old Celeste live their lives shouldering a huge emotional weight forged by fear , uncertainty and separation . She was only 10 years old when the reality of her family 's desperate situation hit her in the face . Rolando Zenteno has lived more than half his 18 years in the United States , yet he still feels like an outsider . Another undocumented immigrant -- Prerna Lal -- is fighting to stay in her adopted homeland and dreaming of becoming an immigration lawyer . As Washington lawmakers try to hammer out an immigration reform plan while avoiding political gridlock , millions of people find themselves caught in the middle -- suspended between two worlds -- while not really belonging to either . Some immigrants spoke to CNN , giving permission to use their full names . Others chose to withhold their last names , fearing it would affect their legal status . Here are their stories . ` Now 's the time ' to move on immigration , Obama says Celeste , 16 : She 's carrying a ` big old rock ' Celeste was 10 years old when police pulled over her dad while he was driving near their south Georgia home . She recalls crying as she frantically translated the officer 's words from English into Spanish for her father . She feared her family would be deported back to Mexico , but the officer let them go . The family got a second chance , but Celeste never shook the dread that filled her that day -- the fear that she could be sent back to a country she barely remembers , or get separated from the family that she loves . That 's why immigration reform must happen now , she says . "  It would be a big old rock that would be lifted from our shoulders , " she says . She says any policy changes should create a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants like her parents , who are agricultural workers . Celeste says they came to the United States from Mexico to give their children a better life . Last year , the Obama administration 's deferred action program gave her the hope of a reprieve . But that is n't enough , she says . "  It 's like being out in the cold and me having the only blanket in the family . " Mexico welcomes new U.S. immigration reform push Rolando Zenteno , 18 : ` In limbo ' Zenteno has lived in the United States since he was 7 , and says he identifies more with American culture than his native Mexico . But he feels like he 's in limbo , and it 's a constant struggle . "  I identify myself with the American culture , " he says , "  but at the same time the American society is like ` No , you 're not part of us . ' " Zenteno says talk of immigration reform is encouraging , even though it 's a problem the president has pledged before to tackle -- and then failed to solve . Actions speak louder than words , says Zenteno , a freshman who is studying journalism at Armstrong Atlantic State University in Savannah , Georgia . "  At the end of the day , the political parties will do what they can " for votes , he says . And with what he 's seen so far when it comes to immigration reform , Zenteno says if he ever had a chance to vote in the United States , he would n't cast a ballot for Democrats or Republicans . Ana , 20 : Everything is complicated Ana was 10 when her mother decided she 'd had enough of Michoacan , Mexico , packed up the family and moved to the United States . "  When you first get here , you think like you 're like everyone else , " Ana says . Sometime around the eighth grade , though , she began to realize she was different . While friends were starting to think about their futures , where they might move to or go to school , Ana "  hit the wall . " She feels stuck . Everything is complicated because she is undocumented -- finding an apartment , a good job , securing loans for school . Ana currently works at a jewelry kiosk in Atlanta . If immigration reform were to become a reality , she says she 'd like to study psychology and find a better paying job so as not to be a burden to her parents . She 'd also like to go to Mexico to visit relatives she has n't seen since she was a little girl . "  If they want to make it a little strict , that 's OK ... so they do n't think they 're giving it to us , " Ana says . Immigration plan : New era of bipartisanship or political necessity ? Prerna Lal , 28 : It 's not just Latinos Many Americans connect the immigration issue to Latinos , but it 's broader than that , says Lal . She came to the United States from the Pacific island of Fiji when she was just 14 . Now , she 's fighting a legal battle in court to avoid deportation . "  I do n't think it 's a bad thing to really focus on this amazingly powerful voting bloc , " she says . "  I do think that people need to look at immigration from a lens that shifts from just ` those Mexicans just coming across the border ' to the many people from Asia and from Europe who are still stuck in the system . " The government should stop deporting people , she says , and focus on fixing a broken system that leaves many people in limbo even when they follow the rules . "  Everyone talks about going to the back of the line being the number one thing that undocumented immigrants should do . I have been in several different lines . ... The issue is there are so many undocumented immigrants that are caught up in lines that never really go anywhere , " she says . Lal is a third-year law student at George Washington University . No matter what happens with the latest reform efforts , she plans to become an immigration lawyer . Tania , 43 : Citizenship means everything Tania 's family is a hodgepodge of legal statuses . She and her husband are undocumented , as are their two oldest children . Their younger four were born in the United States and are citizens . "  For my family , it would be the best , " she says about immigration reform . She wants a change that would lead to citizenship . "  For my husband , it would mean a good job where he would n't be abused by bosses . And for my children , it would mean they could continue their studies , " she says . Her husband works at a recycling plant . She is from Ecuador . Tania spoke at an immigrant rights organization in Queens , New York . Voices for and agaiunst immigration reform proposals Vasant Shetty , 59 : Hope and hard work In India , Shetty says he never could have imagined starting his own business or sending his two children to college . In the United States , he has done both of those things . On Monday , Shetty was answering phones at the front desk of his motel in central Arizona . When he bought it , he said the property was in shambles . He then renovated it into a place he 's proud to own . "  I came to this country with lots of hope , almost 15 years ago . It was very hard , " he says . "  Today I have two motels . I never used any shortcuts . It was all hard work , all the time . " As President Barack Obama prepared to deliver an immigration reform speech in Nevada on Tuesday , Shetty braced himself to appear in an Arizona immigration court . There , a judge may decide whether he should be deported . Immigrant rights activists have asked federal officials to drop their case against him , arguing that deporting him would unjustly separate his family and unfairly punish someone with no criminal history . Despite his personal battles with the U.S. immigration system , talk about immigration reform makes Shetty feel optimistic . Time and time again , he says , America has shown him kindness and opportunity . "  I believe this country has a lot of good people , " he says . "  There is a way . They will do something good . " Mario , 33 : Faith and fear Mario lives in constant fear of being picked up by the police . "  Just to come here , I have to think , " he says , weighing whether the trip was worth the risk . "  Here " in his case is Plaza Fiesta , a mall in Atlanta that caters to immigrants . As he spoke Monday , TVs showed senators announcing their plan for reform . No one paid attention to the screens , which could barely be heard over the noise of the food court and nearby arcade games . Mario has lived in the United States for 13 years . He moved from the capital of Mexico . He cleans offices for a living and says he would like to see some sort of change so that he could find better work , maybe buy a car or a house . Mostly though , he wants reform so he could feel free , free of fear . "  I still have faith , " he says . "  Who knows when ? Maybe it wo n't happen tomorrow or the day after , but sometime ... Faith never dies . " Opinion : Immigrant - Can we trust Obama ?	With talk of reform , undocumented immigrants reveal their fears and hopes Immigrant : "  I identify with American culture , " but he hears "  you 're not part of us . "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One of the most unexpected controversies of the Obama administration came to a head Tuesday as the president delivered a hotly debated back-to-school speech to students across the country . President Obama speaks to students Tuesday at Wakefield High School in Arlington , Virginia . Many conservatives expressed fear over the past week that the president 's address would be used to push a partisan political agenda . Obama , however , avoided any mention of political initiatives . He repeatedly urged students to work hard and stay in school . "  There is no excuse for not trying , " he told students at Wakefield High School in Arlington , Virginia . Watch Obama speak to the students " "  This is n't just important for your own life and your own future . What you make of your education will decide nothing less than the future of this country . What you 're learning in school today will determine whether we as a nation can meet our greatest challenges in the future . " Read text of Obama 's speech to students  pdf Several Cabinet officials are slated to deliver similar messages at various schools across the country throughout the day . In the past week , news of Obama 's speech had upset some parents . "  Thinking about my kids in school having to listen to that just really upsets me , " suburban Colorado mother Shanneen Barron told CNN Denver affiliate KMGH last week , before the text of the speech was released . "  I 'm an American . They are Americans , and I do n't feel that 's OK . I feel very scared to be in this country with our leadership right now . " But Amy Veasley , a parent from the Dallas , Texas , area , said Monday that she was surprised by the controversy . "  The president of our country wants to call our students to action . I 'm not sure why parents would n't want their students to hear out the leader of our country , " she said . A Baltimore , Maryland , teacher who asked not to be identified bemoaned the fact that the country has "  become so polarized that we believe that our president is an enemy and not our leader . " During George W. Bush 's presidency , she said , "  whether I disagreed or not , I still saw him as a leader . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama 's speech White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Monday that "  it 's a sad state of affairs that many in this country politically would rather start an ` Animal House ' food fight rather than inspire kids to stay in school . " Some school administrators had decided to show the president 's speech , but others decided against it . And others were leaving the decision in the hands of individual teachers . One school district in Toronto , Ohio , decided to air the speech live for students in the third grade and up but not show it to younger children , according to CNN affiliate WTOV . Nine out of 550 students attending the Toronto schools showing the speech chose not to watch it , WTOV noted . Toronto Superintendent Fred Burns said the parents of the nine children were concerned that the speech was too political . Watch students respond to Obama 's speech " "  It 's a very charismatic speech , " Burns told WTOV . "  It 's very much a speech to help kids get involved in education and finish school . " Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a possible contender for the GOP 's 2012 presidential nomination , said Sunday that Obama 's speech could disrupt an already-hectic first day of school for many students . "  I think there 's concerns about the disruption , " he said on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " calling the scheduling of the speech a "  little ham-fisted " by the White House . Watch CNN 's Ed Henry talk about school speech uproar " Education Secretary Arne Duncan , however , noted that Obama 's speech was not unprecedented . President George H.W. Bush delivered a nationally televised speech to students from a Washington school in fall 1991 , encouraging them to say no to drugs and work hard . In November 1988 , President Reagan delivered more politically charged remarks that were made available to students nationwide . Among other things , Reagan called taxes "  such a penalty on people that there 's no incentive for them to prosper ... because they have to give so much to the government . " Some of the controversy over Obama 's speech involved a proposed lesson plan created by the Education Department to accompany the address . An initial version of the plan recommended that students draft letters to themselves discussing "  what they can do to help the president . " The letters "  would be collected and redistributed at an appropriate later date by the teacher to make students accountable to their goals , " the plan stated . After pressure from conservatives , the White House distributed a revised version encouraging students to write letters about how they can "  achieve their short-term and long-term education goals . " Duncan said Sunday that the passage was poorly worded . Some politically conservative figures said they had no problem with Obama speaking to students about education . "  I think there is a place for the president ... to talk to schoolchildren and encourage " them , former first lady Laura Bush told CNN Monday . Parents should follow Obama 's example and "  encourage their own children to stay in school and to study hard and to try to achieve the dream that they have , " she added . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said on "  Fox News Sunday " that Obama 's speech was a good idea if the message is a positive one about completing school . "  It is good to have the president of the United States say to young people across America , ` Stay in school , study , and do your homework , ' " Gingrich said . Florida Republican Party Chairman Jim Greer accused Obama last week of trying to "  indoctrinate America 's children to his socialist agenda . " "  Now that the White House got their hand in the cookie jar caught , they changed everything , " he said Monday . After reading the text , he said , "  My kids will be watching the president 's speech , as I hope all kids will . "	President Obama speaks to students about education 's importance "  There is no excuse for not trying , " Obama says Secretary of Education Arne Duncan says speech not unprecedented Some school administrators did not show speech ; others let teachers decide
CNN  -- The Virginia Tech community on Monday remembered Deriek Crouse , the police officer who was gunned down last week while conducting a routine traffic stop on campus . The funeral service for Crouse , 39 , was held at Cassell Coliseum , near where authorities say he was shot dead Thursday by Ross Truett Ashley . A witness saw Ashley approach the officer 's vehicle -- where Crouse was at the time -- and open fire , then flee the scene , police said . The 22-year-old shooter , who was not involved in the traffic stop and had no connection with Crouse before the shooting , killed himself about 30 minutes later a quarter of a mile away , authorities said . "  He was a lifelong public servant , " Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell said of Crouse at Monday 's service . "  For the last four years , he went to work here protecting the citizens of the state and the students and the faculty and the administrators of Virginia Tech , swearing the oath of the Constitution , strapping on his gun , putting on his badge and doing a police officer 's duty . " Crouse , an Army veteran , joined the Virginia Tech police force six months after a 2007 mass shooting on the Virginia Tech campus , according to the school 's website . He had worked at the New River Valley jail and with the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Department . Crouse was trained as a crisis intervention officer , firearms instructor and defensive tactics instructor . The Christiansburg , Virginia , resident is survived by his wife , Tina , plus five children and stepchildren , his mother and brother . Students , supporters and others affiliated with Virginia Tech have championed Crouse 's memory since his death , including making attempts to help his family . An online effort known as "  Hokies for Crouse " had raised nearly $ 75,000 for the Crouse family as of early Monday afternoon .	Deriek Crouse , 39 , was killed Thursday conducting traffic stop on the Virginia Tech campus Authorities : Crouse shot while he was in his police vehicle , then shooter later killed himself Crouse , a U.S. Army veteran , had been on Virginia Tech police force since 2007
CNN  -- Usain Bolt made a winning return to the track after his Olympic heroics with an easy victory over 200 meters at the Diamond League meeting in Lausanne Thursday . Bolt charged clear to claim a meeting record 19.58 seconds , outside of his world record of 19.19 seconds , but the Jamaican superstar had ruled out breaking that mark before the event in Switzerland . Bolt took three gold medals in London , relegating teammate Yohan Blake to second place in both the 100 and 200 sprints before Jamaica 's stunning world record win in the sprint relay . After coming home ahead of Dutchman Churandy Martina and compatriot Nickel Ashmeade , Bolt told BBC Sport that he was satisfied with his post-Games effort . "  I am definitely very pleased . It was a good run for the end of the season . I just wanted to have fun , " said Bolt . His training partner Blake also returned to action with a brilliant victory in the earlier 100m in 9.69 seconds . Only Bolt with his 9.58 second world record and his 9.63 second clocking to win London , has ever run faster and he smashed his own personal best of 9.75 seconds . America 's Tyson Gay finished second in 9.83 seconds with Nesta Carter of Jamaica third in 9.95 seconds . "  I am delighted , " said Blake . "  I have been sick all week with flu but I am glad I recovered . My coach  Glen Mills  had told me that I could run faster than 9.75 seconds , a lot faster . " Carmelita Jeter of the United States gained a measure of revenge in the women 's 100m , relegating double Olympic champion Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce of Jamaica to second place . Fraser-Pryce had edged Jeter in the final at the Games earlier this month , but was beaten on the dip with both given the time of 10.86 seconds . Best performance of the night in the field events came from Qatar 's Mutaz Essa Barshim . He shared bronze in the high jump at the London Games , but upset gold medal winner Ivan Ukhov in a high class event . Barshim cleared 2.39 metres with Ukhov second with 2.37 m , the same height as Britain 's Robbie Grabarz , who equaled his country 's national record .	Usain Bolt wins 200m at Diamond League meeting in Lausanne Teammate Yohan Blake takes 100m in scintillating 9.69 seconds Carmelita Jeter of U.S. wins women 's 100m in 10.86 seconds Qatar 's Mutaz Essa Bashim on top in men 's high jump with 2.39 clearance
CNN  -- A riot on a tiny island in the Pacific that killed no one would usually go unnoticed by the world . But when some 100 asylum seekers burned down their shelters in an Australian refugee processing center Friday on Nauru Island , it did not . Instead , it drew attention to a new restrictive law made in Australia the same day banning "  boat people " from living in the country . "  As of today asylum seekers who come here by boat without a visa will never be settled in Australia , " said Prime Minister Kevin Rudd in a statement announcing the law . The asylum seekers did not revolt because of the new law , an immigration spokeswoman said . They may have not even known about it when the mayhem broke out . They are stuck on the island without papers for Australia . The United Nations has called the conditions on Nauru "  unbearable , " noting that asylum seekers have been gone on hunger strike before because of them . Their alternatives : Go back to where they came from , places such as Iraq , Afghanistan and Iran , or wait in limbo on a lonely island . The unrest began as peaceful demonstrations earlier in the week , but then things got out of hand , the spokeswoman said . The new law will put more people in their position -- marooned on an island with little choice of where to go next . On Saturday , Australian authorities intercepted the first boat smuggling refugees since the law was passed . It was sailing near the Christmas Islands and was crammed full with 81 people , who will face that fate . Starting immediately , all "  boat people " will be taken to the sparsely populated jungle island of Manus , which is a part of Papua New Guinea . Australian officials Sunday said 15 Vietnamese asylum seekers on Manus were returned home . Middle of nowhere Nauru Island , where the insurrection broke out , is the epitome of the middle of nowhere . It is roughly 2,000 miles from Australia 's shores , where Rudd said in no uncertain terms that "  boat people " are no longer to tread . There is not much room to roam on Nauru . It is just three miles across at its widest point . And there are not many people to talk to . The nearly 600 "  transferees , " as they are called , make up 5 % of the island 's total population . And they speak various languages from Farsi to Pashtun . More than 150 miles of open ocean separate them from their nearest neighbor , which is another tiny island . One-way street Manus presents a similar situation . People arriving there will have to wait for authorities to determine that they are true refugees , not just people seeking a better life in a richer country . "  If they 're found to be genuine refugees , they will be resettled in Papua New Guinea , " Rudd said . Rudd described the country in optimistic terms as "  an emerging economy with a strong future . " Those who settle there may find it to be more of a jungle island populated with mostly native peoples , as the CIA World Factbook says . Not much of a replacement for the immigration melting pot they had hoped for . Australia is prepared for an unlimited influx of new asylum seekers to the neighboring country , with its cooperation . "  Our governments will expand existing facilities on Manus Island , as well as establishing further facilities in Papua New Guinea , " Rudd said . "  There is no cap on the number of people who can be transferred to Papua New Guinea . " Those not recognized as legitimate refugees would be sent packing again . The government has kicked off an ad campaign on traditional and social media in various pan-Asian languages to warn of the possibility of getting stuck in the new asylum cul-de-sac . It has drawn hefty criticism from some Australian politicians as being inhumane . As a consolation , if fewer boats arrive as a result of the policy , Australia plans to raise the number of legal asylum seekers it takes , Rudd said . Human trafficking and votes The new law is designed to discourage "  boat people " from paying human traffickers thousands of dollars to ferry them to Australia on unseaworthy crafts . "  Our country has had enough of people smugglers exploiting asylum seekers and seeing them drown on the high seas , " said Rudd , who previously served as foreign minister . He is also tired of watching Australian crews risk their lives to fish passengers from waters in front of the Christmas Islands , where rusting buckets carrying them invariably capsize . The number of illegal immigrants arriving by boat spiked between 1999 and 2001 , according to the Australian parliament , only to flatline after a few years . There has been a recent uptick , which has become an irritant to some Australians . Rudd , who heads the left-wing Labor Party , faces an election in September , and his opponent 's Liberal Party has dominated in the polls . His party recently voted down former Prime Minister Julia Gillard who was widely unpopular and put Rudd in her place to court favor with voters before time runs out . The new law , which Rudd 's government delivered , could also play well with more conservative Australian voters and garner Rudd 's party more votes . Riots over Back on Nauru , things have calmed down . Authorities have moved the asylum seekers to an alternative location and have set up tented temporary housing . The flames spared the kitchen , so there is food to go around for the "  transferees . " And the rioters may face legal consequences for their actions , Australia 's immigration minister said . They could wander from the refugee camp to jail . "  The sort of crimes that appear to be committed are serious -- with prison sentences , " Tony Burke said . But they have returned to the camp . There is no place else for them to go on the tiny island , or much of anywhere else . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat reported from Atlanta ; Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta	150 asylum seekers burned down their shelters in an Australian refugee center on Nauru Island It drew attention to a new law in Australia banning "  boat people " from living in the country A recent uptick in human trafficking has become an irritant to some Australians With an election coming , the new law could garner more conservative votes
CNN  -- He sits , relaxed , one arm propped casually on top of a couch , describing his work as a stripper and adult escort . He talks about the difficulty drawing a line between his personal and professional lives and how he responds to aggressive clients . "  Some clients , mostly the ones that are on drugs or drinking alcohol , can get very violent , but I know how to handle myself in that situation . Basically I 've been around and I know what to say and what not to say in a dangerous situation , " the young man reports . Those words , spoken in 2007 to "  Naked News , " an Internet-based service , took on fresh meaning as the man on the couch was identified by Naked News to be Luka Rocco Magnotta , a porn actor accused of killing and dismembering a man in Canada . He was arrested in a Berlin internet cafe Monday , ending an international manhunt . See details of arrest in Germany "  I really do enjoy my work . I get to meet new people all the time . I 'm a people person , " Magnotta , who used a pseudonym during the interview , told Naked News , a self-described nude news program . He said he 'd traveled around the world as a "  high end " escort and had the opportunity to meet influential people . "  The best part about being an escort is I 'm my own boss . I get to pick my own hours and I make a lot of money , " Magnotta said , laughing . The Naked News interview was apparently just one in a very long line of Internet appearances by Magnotta in images and words -- on porn sites and what appears to be his own website , where he defends himself as the victim of cyber-stalkers out to get him . In months and years past , he was pegged as a serial kitten-killer by animal rights activists , and as a man who may have dated a Canadian woman convicted of drugging , raping , torturing and killing young girls almost two decades ago . A journalist who met him described him as "  creepy . " All the charges , however , paled in comparison to last week 's accusations against Magnotta as he became the center of Canada 's most talked-about crime . Authorities launched a massive manhunt for Magnotta after a severed hand was sent to Canada 's Liberal Party , a foot was sent to the Conservatives and a torso was stuffed in a suitcase and tossed in the trash of the Montreal apartment building where he lived . Inside Magnotta 's apartment in Monreal , police found dried bloodstains on the table , the bed , the bathtub and the refrigerator . Montreal police Commander Ian Lefreniere said officers who have been investigating crimes for 30 years had never encountered such a grisly scene before . To make matters more chilling , Lefreniere said Magnotta filmed himself in the act of dismembering a body , the shocking 10-minute video then posted online for all to see . Magnotta was born in 1982 in Scarborough , just outside Toronto , as Eric Clinton Newman . He changed his name to Magnotta in 2006 , according to the Toronto Star . Sometimes , he used the alias Vladimir Romanov . His website has writings in Russian as well as a link in Arabic that takes readers to an explanation of homosexuality . A search for Magnotta on Google last week yielded a plethora of images that match his description of himself : A model , an actor , a porn star . There are images of Magnotta half or fully naked , in suggestive poses , lips always pouted . Reporter Joe Warmington of the Toronto Sun met Magnotta in 2007 . There were rumors then that Magnotta was romantically linked to Karla Homolka , who many years before was arrested for the rape-murders of three Ontario girls , including her own sister . In a plea bargain deal , she was sentenced to only 12 years in prison . She had been released from prison when the rumors about Magnotta started , Warmington said . He asked Magnotta to come to the Sun building -- he was nervous to meet him in an unfamiliar location . He had bleached blond hair and wore black leather . He said his modeling career was careening because of the rumors . "  I very quickly determined he was narcissistic , " Warmington said . "  He was a guy looking for attention in a creepy way -- name dropping one of our most notorious criminals . " Warmington felt Magnotta was a "  little out there . " Coherent but not connecting . But he did n't sense him to be dangerous . When police released his name last week , Warmington felt chills . "  It freaked me out , " he said . Magnotta 's name is also familiar to animal rights activists who accuse him of being a serial kitten-killer . They say the man in a YouTube video killing kittens by drowning and asphyxiation and then using the carcasses in sexual acts is Magnotta . A Facebook group started in December 2010 identified Magnotta by name on its page , dubbed him the "  Vacuum Kitten Killer " and asked for help in tracking him down . Last week , a post on the page said : "  We are patiently waiting for more information on the case and have faith in the Montreal Police ... Members of this group have spent over a year searching for this individual , who we believe is also responsible for several videos where animals were killed . Information gathered by group members was passed on to the authorities in Canada , and we were informed that they were actively working on locating the person seen in the videos hurting animals . " CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	"  Naked News " says it interviewed Luka Rocco Magnotta in 2007 He talks about his work as an escort and how he responds to aggressive clients Magnotta is the prime suspect in a grisly Montreal murder He was arrested in Germany on Monday
CNN  -- Welcome to The Big Three -- a CNN Radio podcast on the big three stories of the week , featuring three contributors who write for CNN Opinion -- myself , my bride , Margaret Hoover , and political comedian Dean Obeidallah , who is of no relation  as far as we know  . We each come to the conversation from a different perspective -- center , right and left -- but we all share a commitment to smart , funny , civil conversation . And we 're all big Yalta buffs . To listen , click on the Soundcloud audio player on this page . Or find us on iTunes . The Big Three stories of this week : the 10th anniversary of the start of the Iraq War , the Republican Party 's attempt to modernize and President Barack Obama 's trip to Israel . Iraq : With Margaret as a veteran of the Bush administration and Dean an Arab-American , there are sharp disagreements on the impact of the Iraq War . I remain darkly fascinated by the enduring partisan divide over whether the war was a mistake -- with conservatives and liberals taking mirror image positions , and centrists and independents like myself pushing national opinion over to the mistake side of the ledger . One contemporary question : Is intervention fatigue slowing America 's impulse to stop the slaughter in Syria , where more than 70,000 have been killed while the world watches ? GOP modernization : With the Republican Party releasing an "  autopsy " report on the mistakes that were made throughout the 2012 election , Margaret is marking the release of the paperback edition of her book "  American Individualism : How a New Generation of Conservatives Can Save the Republican Party . " After the paranoid-style party I saw at the Conservative Political Action Conference last weekend , she 's got her work cut out for her -- but with Sen. Rob Portman coming out in support of the freedom for same-sex couples to marry , there just might be some hope at the end of this culture war conflict . Obama in Israel : After being attacked throughout the election as being a weak ally to Israel , Obama was given the red carpet treatment this week . But his newfound friendship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu masks a time of real tension and high stakes throughout the region -- including the prospect of protests over stalled peace talks , a potentially nuclear Iran and the bloodshed in Syria . Is this the environment in which a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict can succeed ? The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	New CNN Radio podcast features CNN Opinion contributors on top three stories Podcast offers views of John Avlon , Margaret Hoover and Dean Obeidallah Panelists exchange views on Iraq War anniversary , Obama 's trip to Israel and GOP strategy
The National Institutes of Health will begin testing an experimental Ebola vaccine in people as early as September , the NIH announced Thursday . The federal agency has been working on the Ebola vaccine over the last few years and says it has seen positive results when testing it on primates . Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , said NIH has been working with the Food and Drug Administration to get the vaccine into early trials as soon as possible . According to NIAID , the results of the trial could come early next year . The announcement comes the same day the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention raised its travel alert for Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone from level two to level three , warning against any nonessential travel to the region due to the Ebola epidemic . Since 2003 , the agency has only issued level 3 alerts on two occasions : during the outbreak of SARS , severe acute respiratory syndrome , in 2003 , and in the aftermath of the 2010 Haiti earthquake . The CDC is sending 50 additional personnel to the three countries , CDC Director Dr.Tom Frieden said . They will be working to speed up laboratory testing , trace potentially infected people and strengthen the local health care systems . Experts : The U.S. is ready for Ebola Ebola is believed to have killed 729 people in Guinea , Liberia , Sierra Leone and Nigeria between March 1 and July 27 , according to the World Health Organization . Stopping this particular epidemic could take months . "  It 's like fighting a forest fire , " Frieden said . If you leave even one burning ember , the epidemic can start again . This is not the first Ebola vaccine to be tested on humans and not the only treatment in the works . In March , a group at the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston , led by Thomas Geisbert , a professor of microbiology and immunology , was awarded a five year , $ 26 million grant to work with three promising Ebola therapies . Geisbert is best known as the man who discovered an airborne strain of Ebola that infects only monkeys . The grant covers three treatments that are thought to be the most promising - i.e. they have shown substantial ability to protect animals against Ebola in a laboratory setting , Geisbert said . "  So these treatments , one of these is actually a vaccine that works as a post-exposure treatment , much like the rabies vaccine when used here in the United States . Another is a small molecule inhibitor called a SIRNA . And the third is just conventional monoclonal antibodies . All of these have been able to protect nonhuman primates against Ebola when given after exposure . " The experimental vaccine Geisbert is working with has been nearly 100 % effective in preventing infection in macaque monkeys , and also shows some effectiveness as a treatment when given soon after an exposure . In 2009 , it was given to a lab worker in Germany after the worker reported being accidentally pricked with a needle . The worker did not develop Ebola , although it 's not clear whether that 's because of the vaccine . Because of its strict rules and standards , the FDA can take years to get a vaccine to market . But it does makes exceptions to fast-track drug development , especially when it comes to deadly diseases like Ebola . Geisbert said that 's important , because unlike outbreaks of Ebola in the past , this epidemic is harder to manage "  I think it 's very different , I mean historically outbreaks have occurred in central Africa and they have been relatively easy to contain , " Geisbert said . "  Usually , the outbreaks tend to occur in small villages , but it 's controlled and kind of burns out . What we are seeing in West Africa here is completely different . "  They are having the virus occur simultaneously across a very large geographic area in different locations all at the same time . And that 's very difficult to contain because again the organizations with the expertise in controlling these outbreaks , their resources are really spread thin . " The Ebola infection often is fatal . At this point , there are no vaccines that protect humans from the deadly virus . According to the World Health Organization , more than 1,300 people have been infected in West Africa in this recent epidemic . Public health officials have called this the worst Ebola outbreak in history . Ebola outbreak : Is it time to test experimental vaccines ?	Ebola vaccine could be tested on people as soon as September , NIH says Agency has been working on the Ebola vaccine over the last few years CDC raises travel alert for Guinea , Liberia , and Sierra Leone from level 2 to level 3
CNN  -- A hacker falsely posted on the Twitter account of Oscar Pistorius ' older brother Saturday that the South African Olympian was going to do media interviews , a family spokeswoman said . Carl Pistorius did n't post such a tweet , and he and his sister , Aimee , were canceling all their social media accounts Saturday , said family spokeswoman Janine Hills . All three Pistorius siblings live in South Africa , she said . On Friday , Oscar Pistorius was freed from jail on $ 112,000 bail eight days after the shooting death of his model girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , 29 . Pistorius , 26 , is charged with premeditated murder in her February 14 death . "  It is most unfortunate that during this sensitive time , someone would choose to hack into Oscar Pistorius older brother , Carl Pistorius ' Twitter handle , " Hills said in a statement . "  Carl did not tweet this afternoon , out of respect to Oscar and Reeva . " Hills said she heard on a South Africa radio station that Carl Pistorius ' Twitter account stated that Oscar Pistorius was going to speak to the media . "  This is untrue , " Hills told CNN in a separate interview . "  I spoke to Oscar myself . He has not spoken to anybody and does not plan on doing any interviews . " The hacking apparently occurred Saturday afternoon , she said . Meanwhile , Oscar Pistorius ' family and friends expressed "  immense relief " Saturday about how he was freed on bail , a relative said . "  What happened has changed our lives irrevocably , " said Arnold Pistorius , the athlete 's uncle , referring to the events surrounding Steenkamp 's death . Oscar Pistorius said he fired his gun because he thought an intruder was hiding in a toilet room inside the bathroom of his Pretoria home , not realizing it was actually Steenkamp inside . "  We are acutely aware of the fact that this is only the beginning of a long road to prove that , as we know , Oscar never intended to harm Reeva , let alone cause her death , " Arnold Pistorius said in a statement . "  We realize that the law must run its course , and we would not have it any other way . " CNN 's Lonzo Cook and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Pistorius family expresses relief upon his being freed on bail Twitter account of Carl Pistorius is hacked , a family rep says Tweet falsely states that Olympian Oscar Pistorius was giving interviews Pistorius , freed on bail on a murder charge , is n't speaking to media , rep says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Don Cornelius , the founder of the "  Soul Train " television show , was found dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head Wednesday , authorities said . He was 75 . Cornelius died of a gunshot wound at a house on Mulholland Drive , said Los Angeles police Officer Tenesha Dodine . Police responded to the call about 4 a.m.  7 a.m. ET  , Dodine said . Cornelius was pronounced dead at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , according to Lt. Larry Dietz of the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office . Los Angeles police investigators reported to the coroner that Cornelius died from a "  self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head , " coroner 's Assistant Chief Ed Winter said . The coroner 's office will perform an autopsy to confirm the cause of death . Cornelius created a pilot for "  Soul Train " using $ 400 of his own money , according to the website biography.com . The show was named after a promotional event he put together in 1969 , the site said . Gladys Knight , who performed on the pilot of the show more than four decades ago , said Cornelius "  opened up so many avenues for African-American artists . " In an interview with CNN Wednesday , Knight said he appeared in ill health when she saw him recently . "  Last time I saw him , he was pretty sick , " Knight said . "  He had lost a lot of weight , but he still had that thing about him . " Singer Aretha Franklin called his death "  so sad , stunning and downright shocking . " Â "  Don Cornelius single-handedly brought about a melding and unity of brother and sisterhood among young adults worldwide and globally with the unforgettable creation of ` Soul Train , ' " Franklin said . Singer Smokey Robinson said it was "  a musical tragedy . " "  He brought exposure to black talent and a positive image to young black teenagers that had never been done before with his creation of ` Soul Train , ' " Robinson said . Music producer Quincy Jones expressed shock and deep sadness in a written statement to CNN . "  Don was a visionary pioneer and a giant in our business , " Jones said . "  Before MTV there was ` Soul Train , ' that will be the great legacy of Don Cornelius . His contributions to television , music and our culture as a whole will never be matched . " The Rev. Al Sharpton , who said he appeared on "  Soul Train " when he was 19 at the urging of his mentor James Brown , remained a friend to Cornelius for 38 years . "  He brought soul music and dance to the world in a way that it had never been shown and he was a cultural game changer on a global level , " Sharpton said . "  Had it not been for Don Cornelius we would not have ever transcended from the Chitlin circuit to become mainstream cultural trendsetters . " Former Motown Records Chairman Clarence Avant said the music industry "  will forever owe a credit to him . " " ` Soul Train ' was the first and only television show to showcase and put a spotlight on black artists at a time when there were few African-Americans on television at all , and that was the great vision of Don , " Avant said . The program "  is the longest running , first-run , nationally syndicated program in television history , " according to the website of Soul Train Holdings . "  During its 37-year run , the show featured such staples as the Soul Train line and performers as important and diverse as Al Green , Ike & Tina Turner , Marvin Gaye , The Jackson 5 , Stevie Wonder , Elton John , Whitney Houston , David Bowie , Justin Timberlake , Janet Jackson and Beyonce . " In 2008 , MadVision Entertainment and Intermedia Partners acquired "  the iconic franchise and catalog of more than 1,100 hours of archival footage from Don Cornelius Productions , " the site said . Cornelius once told Advertising Age he credited Dick Clark , host of "  American Bandstand , " for teaching him "  almost all of what I learned about mounting and hosting a dance show , " according to biography.com . The show , which premiered in August 1970 , showed teenagers dancing to the latest soul and R&B music as well as featuring guest performances . Over the years , Cornelius presented many famous performers to "  Soul Train 's " audience , including Knight , Franklin , Smokey Robinson and Lou Rawls , biography.com said . However , the show did not always focus on soul and R&B music , featuring acts including David Bowie , Duran Duran and Robert Palmer , according to the site . "  But when audiences were watching the ` Soul Train ' dancers for the next trend in fashion , true trendspotters knew to also watch Don Cornelius , " according to an article posted on the Soul Train Holdings site . " ... Has he ever looked like anything other than sharp ? The answer to that question is no . " "  Before Steve Harvey and his suits , Bobby Jones and Arsenio Hall , Don Cornelius was the original suit man , " the article said . "  For every outfit  he  deserves a standing ovation because he wore them well . " In September , a 40th anniversary "  Soul Train " concert was held in Chicago 's Millennium Park . Cornelius , a Chicago native , was honored at the event . Cornelius began his career in broadcasting as part of WVON Radio in Chicago , which the Illinois General Assembly described in 2003 as "  the first full-service , black-oriented music station in the city " as it congratulated the station on its 40th anniversary . It was during his WVON days that he found himself at a show where the Jackson 5 performed in the mid-1960s , according to Time magazine . When a young Michael Jackson opened his mouth to sing , Cornelius recalled being blown away , he told Time after Jackson 's death in 2009 . "  He 's only 4 feet tall , and you 're looking at a small person who can do anything he wanted to do onstage -- with his feet or his voice , " Cornelius said . "  To get to the level of people who can do that , you 're talking about James Brown as a performer . You 're talking about Aretha Franklin as a singer . Michael was like that as a kid . He did it all , within the framework of one package . Nobody else did that . "	NEW : "  Last time I saw him , he was pretty sick , " Gladys Knight says Police believe the gunshot wound to Cornelius ' head was self-inflicted , coroner says Quincy Jones calls Cornelius a "  visionary pioneer and a giant in our business " Cornelius used his own money to launch "  Soul Train " in 1970
James McBride won the National Book Award for fiction Wednesday night for "  The Good Lord Bird . " Each year the National Book Foundation presents awards to winners in four categories : fiction , nonfiction , poetry and young people 's literature . The four winners were announced in a ceremony in New York hosted by Mika Brzezinski , co-host of MSNBC 's "  Morning Joe . " George Packer won the nonfiction award for "  The Unwinding : An Inner History of the New America . " Mary Szybist won the poetry award for "  Incarnadine : Poems , " while Cynthia Kadohata won the young people 's literature award for "  The Thing About Luck . " Established in 1950 , the National Book Award is one of the most prestigious literary awards in the United States . Past recipients include William Faulkner , Alice Walker , Philip Roth and Adrienne Rich . The winners were narrowed down from a pool of 1,432 submissions . A five-judge panel of writers , literary critics and booksellers in each category came up with a list of 10 titles announced in September and narrowed it down to five finalists in October . Among this year 's finalists were journalists , historians , Pulitzer Prize winners and past National Book Award winners and finalists , including Thomas Pynchon , who won the National Book Award in 1974 for "  Gravity 's Rainbow , " and Rachel Kushner , whose debut novel "  Telex From Cuba " was a 2008 National Book Award finalist . Here is a list of this year 's finalists : Fiction Rachel Kushner , "  The Flamethrowers " Jhumpa Lahiri , "  The Lowland " James McBride , "  The Good Lord Bird "  WINNER Thomas Pynchon , "  Bleeding Edge " George Saunders , "  Tenth of December " Nonfiction Jill Lepore , "  Book of Ages : The Life and Opinions of Jane Franklin " Wendy Lower , "  Hitler 's Furies : German Women in the Nazi Killing Fields " George Packer , "  The Unwinding : An Inner History of the New America "  WINNER Alan Taylor , "  The Internal Enemy : Slavery and War in Virginia , 1772-1832 " Lawrence Wright , "  Going Clear : Scientology , Hollywood , & the Prison of Belief " Poetry Frank Bidart , "  Metaphysical Dog " Lucie Brock-Broido , "  Stay , Illusion " Adrian Matejka , "  The Big Smoke " Matt Rasmussen , "  Black Aperture " Mary Szybist , "  Incarnadine : Poems "  WINNER Young people 's literature Kathi Appelt , "  The True Blue Scouts of Sugar Man Swamp " Cynthia Kadohata , "  The Thing About Luck "  WINNER Tom McNeal , "  Far Far Away " Meg Rosoff , "  Picture Me Gone " Gene Luen Yang , "  Boxers & Saints "	James McBride wins for "  The Good Lord Bird " The National Book Foundation presents awards to winners in four categories Established in 1950 , the accolade is one of the most prestigious U.S. literary awards
CNN  -- As you drink a pint of Guinness or eat your corned beef and cabbage at the local Irish pub on St. Patrick 's Day , consider the far-flung corners of Ireland where inspiration flourishes . "  The Irish landscape is n't always straightforward ; its many layers of stone walls and hedgerows and its constantly changing light mean that it unfolds slowly as you walk , cycle or drive by , " says Etain O'Carroll , co-author of Lonely Planet 's 2012 Ireland guidebook . "  Our mercurial weather also gives it an ethereal quality , " says O'Carroll . "  The dappled light and scurrying clouds , mists and rain showers mean you often catch no more than a tantalizing glimpse of a view . You 've got to be patient and let the landscape reveal itself in its own time , and when it does you feel like you might be the only one to have ever seen it in quite the same way . " CNN asked a handful of Irish poets , novelists and playwrights about the spots that inspire them in their mother country . Here are a few of our writers ' favorite places . Ancient ruins amid a magnificent landscape Although she was born and raised in County Monaghan , Mary O'Donnell 's poetry and prose is inspired by the rough and wild landscape of the Burren , a region in County Clare where Ireland 's ancient people managed to survive for centuries . O'Donnell is also fascinated by megalithic tombs , which is why she wrote a poem about Burren 's Poulnabrone Dolmen , one of Ireland 's most famous ancient monuments . Built more than 5000 years ago , the Neolithic/Bronze Age tomb housed remains and burial items such as pottery , jewelry and an ax . "  The world of nature is vitally important to me , and in the Burren in County Clare one finds a wild majesty and magnificent landscape that is still unspoiled , despite the many visitors the area attracts , " says O'Donnell , author of "  Storm over Belfast , " "  The Ark Builders " and "  The Place of Miracles . " "  I am  also  enormously interested in megalithic tombs so this dolmen at Poulnabrone really grabbed me . The fact that my then 15-year-old daughter could n't give a hoot about it made the visit all the more interesting , in a way . It set me thinking about how there are times in our lives when we need prescribed culture and there are times when we absolutely do n't . " For the visitor : There are many ancient ruins to explore in the Burren through guided walks and tours . Returning to a literary hometown Although he now lives in England , poet John McAuliffe often returns to his childhood home in Listowel to visit family and to recharge his writing . On the surface a typical North Kerry market town , Listowel has a literary tradition inspired by the playwright John B. Keane and fiction writer Bryan MacMahon . Keane ran a pub where writer Michael Hartnett and other writers and townspeople would gather , now operated by his widow and son . To a young boy , Keane and MacMahon both seemed of the town and outside it . "  They were after something penetrating , subtle and comprehending when they wrote , unsentimentally , about the town 's hinterland of farming villages and about the positive impact of modernity on old hierarchies : wised-up insiders with a natural sympathy for the outsider , " says McAuliffe , co-director of the Centre for New Writing at the University of Manchester , editor of "  The Manchester Review " and author of "  Of All Places . " For the visitor : "  When I 'm at home I walk Market Street , past John B 's  pub  and into the redesigned town square where the terrific converted church , St. John 's , hosts theater and music every week , " says McAuliffe . "  I walk past the Listowel Arms Hotel -- where Charles Stuart Parnell made his last public address -- under Listowel Castle , whose ruin is now attached to an interactive museum , which documents and celebrates the work of John B.  Keane  ,  Bryan  MacMahon and other writers from the area . " A historic horse fair Dublin-born and bred writer Nessa O'Mahony has always been inspired by Western Ireland , where her mother 's family comes from . Her mother shared stories about her life growing up in Ballinasloe , in East Galway , with nine brothers and sisters . Those stories have crept into O'Mahoney 's work . "  It seemed a form of rural Eden very distant to my own upbringing in a concrete and pebble-dash Dublin suburb in the 1960s , " says O'Mahony , whose books include a novel , "  In Sight of Home , " " and two books of poetry , Bar Talk " and "  Trapping a Ghost . " "  She had such freedom , and such fun and ` divilment , ' as people used to say . We 've returned to Ballinasloe frequently , though these days it 's usually for a family funeral . But I 'm still absorbed by how alive she -LSB- my mother -RSB- comes there , and how incredibly detailed her memories of a very happy past are . And I 'm still inspired by her to write poems . " For the visitor : The Ballinasloe Horse Fair and Festival in October , one of the oldest in Europe , dates back at least to the 1700s and attracts thousands of visitors , traders and Irish Travellers  members of Ireland 's nomadic community  . Elsewhere in East Galway , William Butler Yeats spent time in the 1920s at Thoor Ballyle , a 16th century Norman tower that served as a summer home and inspiration for his poem "  The Tower . " An inspiration to Jane Austen Novelist and playwright Belinda McKeon grew up on a farm in County Longford , a region that barely merits a mention in some of Ireland 's tour books . Yet amidst the ordinary midland landscape dotted with nondescript schools , restaurants and gas stations is a literary tourist 's dream . In Edgeworthstown , the local nursing home seemed like nothing special . But for a time , it had been the house of celebrated novelist Maria Edgeworth  1767-1849  . It 's where she lived almost all her life , where she wrote "  Castle Rackrent , " received Sir Walter Scott and William Wordsworth as visitors , wrote criticisms of the absentee landlord system and where Jane Austen sent Edgeworth a first edition of her novel "  Emma . " Thomas LeFroy , believed to be the inspiration for Austen 's Mr. Darcy character in "  Pride & Prejudice , " lived in nearby Carriglas Manor . Growing up in Longford , with its ordinary life on top of extraordinary history , "  made me look sideways at everything , " says McKeon , whose debut novel , "  Solace , " was published last year . "  That 's the way people look at things where I 'm from : sideways . Never believing the first version of anything . Always wondering , always doubting , always looking forward to dissecting it afterwards . " For the visitor : Longford is known for Edgeworth , Carriglas , its fishing and the Corlea Trackway , a bog road that was built in 148 B.C. Inspiration at the ocean 's edge Born and raised in the town that inspired William Butler Yeats , short story writer Elaine Garvey heads to Sligo and the beach north of town to think and inspire her writing . "  There 's one in North Sligo called Streedagh that 's usually almost empty and you can walk on the strand almost every day , no matter if the tide is in or out , " says Garvey , whose work has appeared in the The Dublin Review and a collection called "  ScÃ © alta . " "  I take my shoes off , leave them at the rocks and walk with my feet at the edge of the water -- unless it 's snowing . I get my feet into the sand and have the sound and smell of the Atlantic all around me . It will always , always feel like home . If you walk the full length of the beach and back , you have clean feet and a very clear head by the end . " For the visitor : Sligo Town celebrates Yeats with the Yeats Memorial Building and the Yeats International Festival starting in late July with three weeks of poetry , music and other events . If you go : In celebration of St Patrick 's Day , Lonely Planet is giving away its Dublin city guide app from 12:01 a.m. PT on March 15 until 11:59 p.m. PT on March 17  regularly priced at $ 5.99  . Users must first download the free Lonely Planet Travel Guides app onto their device , open the app and scroll down to select "  Dublin Travel Guide . "	County Clare 's rough and wild landscape inspires Mary O'Donnell John McAuliffe returns to his childhood home in Listowel to recharge his writing Elaine Garvey heads to Sligo and the beach north of town to think and inspire her writing
CNN  -- Answers about the crash that killed actor Paul Walker and his friend Roger Rodas may be in the computer system of the rare Porsche they were riding in . Investigators from the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department will meet with engineers from Porsche next month to analyze the data retrieval system , the department said . That system could shed light on the car 's speed , throttle opening , air bag deployment , seat belt use and possibly other information from the time of the crash . Walker , the 40-year-old star of the "  Fast & Furious " franchise , died on November 30 when the 2005 Porsche Carrera GT he was riding in slammed into a pole and burst into flames . Rodas was behind the wheel . Porsche Carrera GT : 5 reasons the car Paul Walker died in is different The exact cause of the crash remains unclear , but witnesses told authorities the car was speeding near a business park in the Santa Clarita community of Valencia , California . The posted speed limit in the area is 45 mph . A toxicology report , which could show if drugs or alcohol played a role in the accident , wo n't be available for several more weeks . Walker was attending a holiday toy donation event for his charity , Reach Out WorldWide , on the day of the crash when he hopped into the car with Rodas for a ride , witnesses said . 5 things to know about Roger Rodas After the crash , Los Angeles authorities arrested a man accused of swiping a piece of the charred Porsche while it was on a tow truck . Thousands of fans across the country mourned Walker 's death on social media and at the scene of the crash , where Walker 's co-star Tyrese Gibson broke down sobbing as he laid a yellow flower at the site . Paul Walker purchased wedding ring for U.S. soldier Walker was in the middle of filming the seventh "  Fast & Furious " movie when he died . Universal Pictures said it has put production on hold "  for a period of time so we can assess all options available to move forward with the franchise . " ` Hours ' director : Paul Walker was excited about new career direction CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Los Angeles County authorities and Porsche engineers will meet in January Paul Walker and Roger Rodas died in a Porsche Carrera GT on November 30 The car 's computer system could shed light on the car 's speed and seat belt use The exact cause of the crash remains under investigation
CNN  -- At least one person was killed as a 6.9-magnitude earthquake struck Monday morning in southern Mexico 's Chiapas state near the border with Guatemala , authorities in Chiapas said . The quake happened at 6:23 a.m.  7:23 a.m. ET  , about 1 mile from Puerto Madero , Mexico , which is on the country 's Pacific coast . Strong shaking was felt in southern Chiapas state and western Guatemala , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . In the Chiapas town of Huixtla , about 30 miles  48 kilometers  to the north of the epicenter , a person died after a wall fell on him , Chiapas ' state civil protection system said on Twitter on Monday . The quake damaged part of an airport in Tapachula , a Mexican city of about 300,000 people near the Guatemala border . Lights hung precariously by wires , and debris littered a floor , pictures that the city government posted to Twitter show . The epicenter was about 127 miles  204 kilometers  west of Guatemala 's capital , Guatemala City . The depth of the quake was 37 miles , the USGS said . The USGS initially said the magnitude was 7.1 . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes 7.9 earthquake near Alaska CNN 's Jessica King and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : One person killed in Mexico , authorities say NEW : Pictures show damage to airport in Tapachula , Mexico Quake strikes in southern Chiapas state , near Guatemala Temblor happened at 6:23 a.m. local time
CNN  -- Sri Lanka will limit the amount of women that go to Saudi Arabia to work as housemaids as outrage continues over Saudi Arabia 's beheading of a Sri Lankan teen . Officials this week raised the minimum age for female domestic workers so that no women under the age of 25 would be allowed to go to Saudi Arabia to work as a maid , said Keheliya Rambukwella , a government spokesman . Read more : Why global labor reforms are vital to protect vulnerable workers The move comes after the beheading of housemaid Rizana Nafeek that occurred earlier this month . Nafeek was 17 when a baby she was caring for in Saudi Arabia died . She was convicted of killing her employers ' son in 2005 . The family said she strangled the 4-month-old boy after being asked to bottle-feed him , but Nafeek said the infant accidentally choked on milk . Human rights groups and the Sri Lankan government had lobbied for leniency in the case but on January 9 she was put to death . Read more : Saudi execution : Brutal , inhuman and illegal ? Saudi officials defended its action days after the execution . "  The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia categorically rejects any interference in its affairs or in the provisions of its judiciary under any justifications , " a statement carried by the official Saudi Press Agency read . The statement went on to say complaints about the case "  draw on false information about the case and are issued without full knowledge of the circumstances of the case itself . " The new rule also raised the minimum age of maids seeking to work in west Asian countries to 21 . Read more : Saudis defend Sri Lankan maid 's execution , hit back at criticism	Sri Lanka changes minimum age to 25 for maids to work in Saudi Arabia The move comes after a Sri Lankan woman was beheaded in Saudi Arabia Saudi officials defended the execution saying the woman was lawfully convicted
CNN  -- A Yemeni court Monday sentenced to death one of the leaders of the terrorist group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , Yemen 's state-run news agency reported . Prior to his capture , trial and sentencing , Saleh al-Shawsh had been one of the three most wanted members of the group , an arm of Osama bin Laden 's broader terrorist organization formed last year . The Specialized Criminal Court in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa sentenced al-Shawsh after finding him guilty of killing Yemeni soldiers and attacking oil installations and security checkpoints in the province of Hadramout , reported Saba , the Middle Eastern nation 's state-run news agency . Referring to al-Shawsh as a member of an "  armed gang , " the report said that the incidents he was involved in occurred between 2007 and 2010 . Yemen has become a main battleground for al Qaeda , with the government carrying out air strikes and a ground campaign against the group this weekend . President Barack Obama 's counterterrorism adviser , John Brennan , met the president of Yemen a month ago to discuss al Qaeda and U.S. support for Yemen , the U.S. Embassy announced at the time . Brennan delivered a letter to Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh affirming U.S. support for Yemen , the embassy said . The Obama administration is considering adding armed CIA drones to help fight the increasing threat of al Qaeda in Yemen , a U.S. official said in August . A U.S. counterterrorism official told CNN that the administration recognizes that "  not enough is being done in Yemen " to meet the growing challenge posed by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Al Qaeda activity in Yemen grabbed the attention of the West with the Christmas Day attempted bombing of a Northwest Airlines trans-Atlantic flight as it approached Detroit , Michigan . The suspect , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , who has pleaded not guilty to six federal terrorism charges , was reportedly trained and armed in Yemen . Yemen has launched at least two offensives against the group since then , including one this weekend . "  Yemen 's security forces have been in engaged in a ground and air campaign for two days in Abyan province against al Qaeda , " a government official told CNN Sunday . CNN is not naming the official , who is not authorized to speak to the press about the campaign . The official said the battle is fierce and bloody and is part of a larger low-intensity conflict with al Qaeda in the region . The campaign follows "  an attempt by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to kill the governor and junior regional security officials this past week , " the official said . At least six militants have been killed , the official said , as airstrikes -- which began Saturday and continued on Sunday -- targeted militant gatherings in the province 's Lawdar and Moudeya districts . "  Western embassies in Sana'a were put on high security alert -- especially the British and American embassies , " the official said , referring to Yemen 's capital . "  The government of Yemen has increased security outside those embassies and they were heavily fortified in fears of AQAP retaliation . " Tribesmen from Abyan province are supporting the provincial governor after al Qaeda members killed his brother in an ambush aimed at assassinating the governor himself , the official said . Saturday night , two suicide bombers were killed after their vehicle , which was rigged with explosives , attempted to ram a military motorcade in Moudeya , the official said . The car exploded after Yemeni forces shot at the suspicious vehicle with high-caliber machine guns . On Friday , the Interior Ministry offered a reward of 20 million Yemeni riyal  about U.S. $ 100,000  for information leading to the capture of eight suspected members of al Qaeda in Yemen . The nation 's official Saba news agency identified the eight , urging the public to cooperate and warning citizens not to shelter any of the suspects . And a wanted al Qaeda in Yemen member turned himself in to Saudi Arabian authorities on Friday , Saudi Arabia 's official Saudi Press Agency reported , citing a security spokesman at the country 's Ministry of Interior . The statement added that the man , Jaber bin Jibran bin Ali al-Afifi , a former Guantanamo Bay detainee , had rejoined al Qaeda in Yemen after he had returned from captivity . In the past week , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is suspected of being behind three separate attacks that have killed at least two Yemeni security officials , according to a government official . Last week also saw the release of an audio recording purported to be from Qassim al-Rimi  also known as Abu Hurira al-Sanaei  , the leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , that was posted on radical militant websites . The speaker promised that Yemen 's President Saleh would be punished "  for his crimes " and announced that a new army would rid the country of "  crusaders and apostates . " CNN could not verify the authenticity of the recording . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Saleh al-Shawsh was one of the most wanted militants in Yemen He is purported to be a member of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula Yemen is a major al Qaeda battleground Washington recently underscored its support for Yemen
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Charles has converted his 38-year-old Aston Martin to run on biofuel made from surplus wine , his office revealed Tuesday . Prince Charles with Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , on a visit to a whiskey distillery in Northern Ireland last month . The car was a 21st birthday present from Queen Elizabeth , and the prince has converted it to run on 100 percent bioethanol as a way to reduce his carbon emissions , his office , Clarence House , said . The prince has also converted his other cars -- several Jaguars , an Audi and a Range Rover -- to run on 100 percent biodiesel fuel made from used cooking oil , his office added . Details of the prince 's biofuel use were made public Monday in his household 's 2008 Annual Review , which details the prince 's income and activities over the past year . The report says Charles and his household reduced their carbon footprint by 18 percent last year after switching to green electricity supplies and reducing their travel-related emissions . Charles , 59 , has a strong interest in environmental issues and rural affairs . He is active in environmental charities , and his food company , Duchy Originals , uses ingredients produced at his organic farm in Cornwall , southwestern England . The biofuels are converted and provided by Green Fuels Limited , a British company that previously provided biodiesel to power the royal train , Clarence House said . The wine used for the bioethanol comes from current vintage that remains after English wine producers reach the EU limit for annual wine production , a spokesman for Green Fuels said . The prince uses wine from a vineyard close to his Highgrove Estate , the spokesman said .	Prince Charles ' office reveals his car runs on biofuel made from surplus wine Prince converted other cars to run on biodiesel fuel made from used cooking oil Report says prince 's household cut carbon footprint by 18 percent last year The prince renown for strong interest in environmental issues and rural affairs
Comedian David Brenner , a regular on Johnny Carson 's "  The Tonight Show , " has died after a battle with cancer , a family spokesman said Saturday . He was 78 . Brenner was a staple on Carson 's late-night show , appearing more times than any other guest -- 158 , according to a bio on his official website . Before getting into comedy , Brenner helped write , produce and direct 115 TV documentaries , earning him nearly 30 awards . Brenner also was the author of five books -- his latest published in 2003 , "  I Think There 's a Terrorist in My Soup . " Even in death , he kept the jokes coming . Brenner 's final request , according to family spokesman Jeff Abraham , was to have $ 100 in small bills tucked in his sock -- "  just in case tipping is recommended where I 'm going . " His gravesite will read : "  If this is supposed to be a joke -- then I do n't get it ! , " according to Abraham . Comedian Joan Rivers , a longtime friend of Brenner 's , tweeted about the news of his passing Saturday . "  RIP David Brenner . I adored him , and laughed more with him than anybody . Sad , sad , sad . Knowing David , he 's now making the devil laugh , " read Rivers ' tweet . Brenner is survived by his wife , three sons and a grandson . People we lost in 2014	David Brenner appeared 158 times on Johnny Carson 's late-night show Brenner started out in television documentaries "  Knowing David , he 's now making the devil laugh , " Joan Rivers tweets
Centennial , Colorado  CNN  -- A shackled James Holmes , his hair still dyed red , heard prosecutors say Thursday he made threats at the University of Colorado a month before he allegedly opened fire at a Denver-area movie theater . Prosecutors , without stating the source of their information , also said Holmes , 24 , failed to pass oral exams and chose to severe his relationship with the school , where he had been a Ph.D. candidate studying neuroscience . Holmes withdrew from the program in June , weeks before the shooting in Aurora . Prosecutors said the threats by Holmes were reported to campus police . Colorado shooting suspect 's writings offer insight as student , aspiring scientist The statements came as defense attorneys and prosecutors wrangled Thursday over access to records and documents . The main issue was whether the prosecution should receive non-medical documents from the university . These would include admissions forms , grades and transcripts . Victims and family members sat on one side of the courtroom . One woman was visibly shaking while another teary-eyed woman was comforted by a companion . Dark roots were visible in Holmes ' hair ; he now has a mustache and large muttonchop sideburns . While he appeared more lucid than his first appearance , Holmes still had a wide-eyed look . He did not speak at the hearing . Holmes is accused of opening fire July 20 during a midnight premiere of the latest Batman movie , leaving 12 dead and injuring 58 others . He has been charged with murder and attempted murder , and faces two weapons charges . The defense argued that the prosecution 's request for records was too broad . Public defender Dan King called the request "  nothing more than a fishing expedition " and said matters pertaining to his client 's personal life were not relevant . King also asserted that the state likely has seen school documents . The judge did not issue an immediate ruling . Judge orders key records sealed , others released in theater rampage The University of Colorado earlier this month said it hired a former U.S. attorney to conduct an independent review into how the school handled Holmes . A court document revealed that Holmes was a patient of CU psychiatrist Lynne Fenton before the killings . She was so concerned about his behavior that she mentioned it to her colleagues , saying he could potentially be a danger to others , CNN affiliate KMGH reported earlier this month , citing sources with knowledge of the investigation . Fenton 's concerns surfaced in early June , sources told the Denver station . They told KMGH that Fenton contacted several members of a "  behavioral evaluation and threat assessment " team to say Holmes could potentially be a danger to others , the station reported . The "  BETA " team consists of "  key " staff members from various university departments who have specific expertise in dealing with assessing potential threats on campus , the school says on its website . "  Fenton made initial phone calls about engaging the BETA team " in "  the first 10 days " of June but it "  never came together " because in the period Fenton was having conversations with team members , Holmes began the process of dropping out of school , a source told KMGH . University of Colorado to review how it handled shooting suspect	James Holmes , 24 , is accused of killing 12 at a movie theater Prosecutors , defense argue over documents , records Victims , relatives attend Colorado hearing
CNN  -- Libyan Transitional National Council Chairman Mustafa Abdel Jalil has dismissed the rebels ' 14-member executive board , a spokesman for the council said Tuesday . The death of the rebel government 's military commander , Gen. Abdel Fattah Younis , on July 28 played a role in board members ' ouster Monday , said Shamsiddin Abdulmolah , the council 's media director . "  They were dismissed because of some are directly responsible for how Gen. Younis was arrested , " Abdulmolah said . "  There were shortcomings and mishandling of the events that led to his assassination . " Younis and two other rebels were killed after the TNC sought to question him about allegations that he or those close to him had ongoing ties to Libyan ruler Moammar Gadhafi , Younis ' supporters have said . "  There are two investigations going on now in relation to his assassination , " Abdulmolah said . "  There is the criminal investigation , and there is another investigation looking for the administrative mistakes that led to Younis ' death . " At least four people are directly responsible administratively for the events leading to the Younis assassination , Abdulmolah said . But the criminal investigation is still ongoing , and no arrests have been officially been made . Despite their dismissal , Abdulmolah said "  some of the people who served on the board can definitely be included in the new Cabinet . " The rebel government 's chairman commissioned Mahmoud Jibril , the former head of the executive board , to submit new names to be considered for a new board soon , Abdulmolah said , but no exact deadline was mentioned . NATO has used air power to enforce a U.N. resolution protecting civilians from the Gadhafi regime , and world powers have announced their support for Libya 's rebel umbrella group . But concerns have been raised that the mysterious assassination might have been carried out by feuding rebel groups . According to Gadhafi spokesman Musa Ibrahim , Younis ' killing represented "  more proof that the transitional council of the traitors is not able to lead any sort of government or have any control of eastern cities of Libya . " In July , rebel military council member Mohammad Ethish released a statement that seemed to imply that Gadhafi loyalists had something to do with the death . "  This incident will increase the will and courage of the rebels , and it will even get us close together to reach the home of the tyrant , " Ethish said . "  We promise our brothers in the East that we will do the impossible to avenge the death of Abdul Fattah Younis , and we promise that we will increase our blows and empower our will . Until we capture the tyrant Moammar Gadhafi . " A one-time general in Gadhafi 's army , Younis told CNN in February that he switched sides after Gadhafi told him he planned to bomb Benghazi -- a move Younis said would have killed thousands . Meanwhile , the Libyan Embassy in London re-opened Tuesday under National Transitional Council management , a shift that "  marks very clearly the fundamental change that is taking place in Libya , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said . Rebel forces also reported Tuesday that they had advanced more than 9 miles  15 kilometers  north from B'ir al Ghanam toward the key coastal city of Az Zawiyah , which is about 27 miles  43 kilometers  west of Tripoli . Rebels took B'ir al Ghanam in fierce fighting Saturday . CNN 's Elise Labott , Ivan Watson and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Council reopens London Embassy ; rebels report advances near B'ir al Ghanam 14 members of the Transitional National Council 's executive board are dismissed A TNC spokesman says the death of the rebels ' military commander plays a role He says some who served on the board could be included in a new Cabinet
CNN  -- Officials are calling it one of the largest operations against human traffickers in Europe . Police in Europe arrested 103 people in 10 countries this week , all accused of smuggling in people on boats , freight trains and small hidden compartments in the floors of buses and trucks . The massive operation spanned a host of European nations and deployed more than 1,200 police officers . The operation descended on homes and properties across Croatia , Czech Republic , France , Germany , Greece , Hungary , Poland , Slovak Republic , Turkey and Kosovo region in the early hours of Tuesday morning . Related operations took place in Switzerland and Austria . Mexican cult accused of forced labor Their search yielded 176,500 euros  about $ 240,000  in cash , plus a collection of mobile phones , laptops , bank statements and a semiautomatic rifle with a large amount of ammunition . "  All arrested persons are suspected of being involved in the clandestine smuggling of a large number of irregular migrants into and within the European Union mainly via Turkey and the Western Balkan region , " a Europol statement said . Europol is the European Union 's law enforcement agency , Most of those being smuggled were recruited from Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan , Syria and Turkey by the criminal ring targeted in these raids . Human trafficking is a global multibillion dollar business , only ranking behind illegal drugs and arms trafficking , according to the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime . It is believed to generate profits of an estimated $ 32 billion , according to a 2005 report from the International Labour Organization . Half of those profits come from industrialized nations . CNN Freedom Project : Ending modern-day slavery	Human trafficking generates an estimated $ 32 billion a year Police in Europe arrest 103 people in 10 countries Most of those smuggled were recruited from Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan , Syria and Turkey Many of the migrants come into the EU through Turkey and the Western Balkans
CNN  -- Two staff sergeants will be court-martialed for their involvement in an incident that included U.S. Marines urinating on dead Taliban fighters and posing for photographs with the corpses , the Marine Corps announced Monday . Staff Sgt. Joseph W. Chamblin and Staff Sgt. Edward W. Deptola were charged for the incident , which occurred in Helmand Province , Afghanistan , in late July 2011 , a news release from the Marine Corp stated . The incident did not come to light publicly until this past January when a 39-second video showing the incident was posted on several websites , including YouTube . The two Marines , who are based at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , were also charged with dereliction of duty , failure to supervise junior Marines and failure to report the misconduct of those Marines . The statement did n't say when the trial is scheduled to take place . Three other Marines have been disciplined for their role in the incident . The three non-commissioned officers pleaded guilty in August to a variety of violations of Marine Corps regulations , a statement said at the time .	Incident took place in Afghanistan in July 2011 Marines are also accused of failure to supervise junior troops Three Marines already have been punished in the case
EW.com  -- Rapper , entrepreneur , actor , and investor Curtis James Jackson III , better known by his stage name 50 Cent , can add a new credit to his bio : God-awful pitcher . The Queens-born rapper threw the first pitch at a Mets game last week , and missed , terribly . We mean really terribly . Really , really terribly . The Internet quickly responded , dubbing Fiddy 's misstep one of the worst pitches ever , if not the worst . In fact , the pitch was so bad that Jackson , known for hits like "  Candy Shop " and "  In Da Club , " told Good Morning America that a cop pulled him over just to tell him , "  You know that pitch was really terrible . " Then , he let him go . No ticket , just a laugh . Is Jackson 's whiff really as bad as Carly Rae Jepsen , Carl Lewis , or Mariah Carey 's attempts at first-pitchdom ? Maybe not , but his explanation certainly was . In a Reddit AMA on Tuesday , a user asked , "  Yo $ 0.50 ... what happened on that first pitch ? " His response : "  I have skeletal muscle injury on my left shoulder from excessive masturbation so take it easy lol . " He has to be kidding , right ? You be the judge . For more of Fiddy 's amusing banter , head over to the full Reddit AMA . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The rapper did a Reddit AMA on Tuesday He was asked about the pitch His excuse was unusual
Andre Spicer is Professor of Organizational Behavior , Cass Business School at City University London . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer . CNN is showcasing the work of The Conversation , a collaboration between journalists and academics to provide news analysis and commentary . The content is produced solely by The Conversation . LondonApple CEO Tim Cook has released the much-anticipated Apple watch -- his company 's first new product since the iPad . Cook said the new watch , in addition to telling the time , was a "  comprehensive health and fitness companion . " But we 're unlikely to hear much about how people will actually use this new product for some time . Our research has found that smartwatches certainly do have some benefits for users . But they also have a hidden , darker side which the companies selling them are unlikely to talk about . As part of a research project with Alberto Rizzoli , we have tried to understand what drives people to invest in smartwatches . One participant , a judge , hoped he could keep track of the deluge of emails during long hours in the courtroom when he had to pay attention -- and be seen to pay attention . The dilemma is familiar to many of us . We spend our days engaged in social interaction . Huge proportions of our time are taken up with meetings or impromptu encounters with colleagues . However when we are in these meetings , our smartphone is buzzing away reminding us that our inbox is filling up . We may want to check these incoming messages , but know it would be rude to glance at our phone . When one of the first smartwatches came to market , the judge thought he had found the solution to this problem . We found that heavy smartwatch users valued how the devices helped them track information as it arrived while still appearing socially attentive . It also saved users the hassle of having to dig through their pockets or handbags to find a buzzing phone . Surprisingly only about half the people we spoke with actually used all the health tracking technology built in to the watches . They were more interested in keeping abreast of their inbox than their calorie count . We also noticed a worrying side to these new devices as heavy users of the watches incorporate them into their daily routines -- we call it the "  phantom device effect . " They would compulsive check their watch not just for the time , but for a wide range of information . In some cases their new gizmo would become such an instinctive part of their life that even when not wearing one they would check their bare wrist . Some would feel a phantom buzz , notifying them of an imaginary incoming email . The phantom device effect leads us to ask about just how ingrained in our daily habits these devices might become . Recent research has suggested that average smartphone users check their phone 150 times a day , starting just minutes after waking up . We also know this has the effect of extending work into all areas of our lives -- monitoring work emails late into the night or during social or family events . We used to worry that the average American watched television for six hours a day . Now we accept as a matter of course the fact that we tied to our devices for most of the time we 're awake . Indeed many of us go to bed with our smart devices quietly monitoring our rhythms as we sleep . This raises the question of what impact it will have on our lives . In the work Carl Cederström and I have done on the hidden dangers of wearables , a big big concern is privacy . The Apple Watch , like most wearables , is essentially a tracking device , recording heart rate , sleep patterns , movement , whereabouts , and much more depending on the apps installed . All this is packaged and transmitted to datacentres for analysis . The result ? A database of personal information of which the Stasi could only have dreamed . As well as sucking up personal information , wearables could fuel an unhealthy obsession with personal wellness . By pumping health and wellbeing information at us non-stop , we start to become a little too focused on our bio-rhythms . Data which would have been generated only in the most unusual situations now becomes commonplace , making people not just health conscious , but also self-obsessed . Instead of checking in with social networks , we spend more time checking in with our own bodily rhythms . As a result other people start to become more interested in what is going on inside themselves rather than what is happening in the world . As we pay more attention to our feed of personal biodata we 're likely to become more anxious about things that we may never have given a second thought to in the past . Not walking your allotted steps in a day or finding you had a poor sleeping pattern at night can become a source of significant personal guilt or worry . As a result , we pour more attention into monitoring and controlling ourselves , giving us less time to do the things which actually make us happy . If Apple 's projections are indeed correct and tens of millions of people purchase smartwatches , it 's likely to create a step change in our lives . We already see people routinely posting on social media information they would have only shared with their doctor a few years ago . Widespread use of smartwatches could mean that instead of relieving our boredom by answering emails , people will spend their time sifting through their biodata stream , planning ways to maximize their personal wellness ratings . Rather than talking about what was on television last night , people will start comparing charts of their sleeping patterns . When this happens we will know that the internet of me has arrived . READ : Will your Apple Watch program YOU ? Copyright 2015 The Conversation . Some rights reserved .	Smartwatches have hidden , darker side the companies selling them are unlikely to talk about , says Andre Spicer Spicer : Average smartphone users check phone 150 times a day , starting just minutes after waking up We 're also likely to become more anxious about things we may never have given second thought to , he adds
CNN  -- Were you hoping to spend the weekend viewing the beauty of the change of seasons at the Great Smoky Mountains ? Are you one of the 24 couples who had a wedding planned on the National Mall in October ? Did you plan to visit Half Dome on the 123rd anniversary of Yosemite 's establishment in 1890 ? Unless something changes soon , you wo n't be able to do any of those things because of the federal government shutdown . The shutdown has closed the 401 National Park System sites across the country . Visitors will be turned away , gates will be shut , tens of thousands of employees will be furloughed and communities will lose millions of dollars a day . Only a few hundred yards from the congressional impasse , the National Mall and its Monument Parks in Washington now have a new feature : barricaded landmarks , including the Lincoln , FDR , Jefferson , World War II and MLK Jr. memorials . National Parks are often called "  America 's Best Idea , " and now they are symbols of political dysfunction . They are not the reason for our country 's budget woes . But national parks and the people who rely on them -- visitors , school groups and businesses -- are once again collateral damage in a broken budget process . What 's worse , many national parks have been forced to close during their peak visitation season , places such as Acadia National Park and Rocky Mountain National Park , where people go to enjoy the fall foliage . And many people wait till the cooler months to visit places such as the Grand Canyon and Death Valley . The potential loss of more than 750,000 daily visitors from around the world -- the number who typically visit national parks in October -- might cost local communities as much as $ 30 million each day the national parks are closed . The closure of America 's crown jewels threatens the livelihood of park businesses , gateway communities and the American families within them , whose economies rely on national parks being open for business . Families , school groups and tourists from around the world who have made plans to visit and enjoy our national heritage will face disappointment . Opinion : In shutdown , GOP targets women -- again Bar Harbor , Maine , adjacent to Acadia National Park , attracts nearly 10,000 visitors daily in October . The loss of these visitors could be shattering to a community that relies on that final flush of tourism dollars before the steep drop-off in winter . Chris Fogg , executive director of the Bar Harbor Chamber of Commerce , told me that with the impact of the sequester and the late opening of Acadia 's roads , business was already down about 30 % in April and May in comparison to the average over the last five years . "  We just ca n't believe that Congress is letting this happen , " He said . But it is happening . All across the country . The federal government shutdown has made a bad situation even worse for our national parks . Over the past three years , the National Park Service 's budget has been cut by 13 % , or about $ 315 million . These cuts have already forced national park superintendents to delay the opening of parks or park roads ; close visitor centers , picnic areas and campgrounds ; decrease the number of rangers to protect and maintain parks ; and limit the number of educational programs . Countless students across the country have been denied educational opportunities in national parks and opportunities that would shape their love of the outdoors and parks for the rest of their lives . We need Congress to do two things : Reopen our national parks and then restore the funding they lost because of the damaging sequester . Our national parks are treasured by Americans nationwide . The federal government has a responsibility to keep them open and adequately funded . Today , Yosemite 's birthday has been spoiled for the American people and for tourists from around the world . We need Congress and the president to reopen our parks and reach a budget agreement that keeps America 's greatest places protected and open from now on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Theresa Pierno .	Theresa Pierno : The federal government shutdown has closed the National Parks She says this means loss of millions to parks , businesses , nearby communities She says parks , already hurt by earlier cuts , now symbol for congressional dysfunction Pierno : Congress must restore services to funds to parks and reopen them
CNN  -- "  A nation 's joy , a husband 's nerves , " exclaimed Britain 's Daily Mail newspaper , as it contrasted Prince William 's anxious wait at his pregnant wife 's bedside with the excitement generated by news of her impending motherhood . The revelation that Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , was pregnant came after she was admitted to hospital in London on Monday afternoon suffering acute morning sickness . The newspaper said the royal couple had hoped to keep their baby news under wraps until Christmas Day , when she had passed the 12-week mark in her pregnancy . "  Kate expectations , " declared popular British tabloid , The Sun , with an article detailing the treatment that Catherine , 30 , was receiving for hyperemesis gravidarum , a condition that causes more severe nausea and vomiting than typical morning sickness . The newspaper said even senior royals , including Queen Elizabeth II , were taken by surprise as the couple had yet to break the news to family . The Sun 's graphics department produced composite images of what they speculated the royal baby would look like as a baby of either gender , while the Mail ran mock-ups created by a U.S. forensic artist imagining how the child might look as a young boy or girl . The Times also led with news of Catherine 's hospital dash , splashing a picture across its front page of a concerned William leaving London 's King Edward VII hospital last night . The paper also joined the rush of feverish debate about the future royal 's sex , potential name and position in the royal line of succession . Boy or girl , the new baby will be third in line to the throne , behind William and his father , Prince Charles , who will become a grandfather for the first time . The Times explained that an imminent change to the law means that if Catherine has a girl , the child will make history by being the first British princess not to suffer discrimination because of her sex . UK tabloid the Daily Express , in a "  royal souvenir special " edition , ran a piece speculating that it was more likely that Catherine was carrying a girl , or twins , citing research that linked those outcomes to morning sickness . Bookmakers also look set for a royal bonanza , with Victoria , Frances and Mary among the frontrunners for the most likely girl 's name , though the odds that William 's first-born child will be named after his late mother , Diana , Princess of Wales , have been judged at between 9-1 and 12-1 , The Times said . However , Elizabeth is the hot favorite at 8-1 , according to leading British bookmaker Ladbrokes . Brooklyn and Chardonnay were listed as long shots by bookmakers . Ladbrokes has Charles and John at 10-1 when it comes to boy 's names , but Harry , the name of the baby 's uncle , is a distinct outsider at 33-1 . Bookmakers are also taking bets on the baby 's hair color , with one offering brown at 6-4 and red at 8-1 , and another offering odds on the likelihood of an albino royal baby . Bookmakers were also taking bets on the child 's birth weight , and the identity of the godparents . As expected , the name game is a white-hot pastime on social media , with #royalbabynames and #royalbaby among the biggest trending hashtags on Twitter . Among the more amusing suggestions were Cheryl and Jedward , reflecting Britain 's recent obsession with television talent shows . Twitter was also a popular destination for celebrities and public figures alike to voice their happiness at the news . British Prime Minister David Cameron was swift to offer his congratulations . Businessman Richard Branson joined the well wishers . Former Wimbledon tennis champ Boris Becker tweeted a picture of himself giving two thumbs up with a message of congratulations . The news prompted responses from U.S. celebrities as well , with reality TV star Kim Kardashian tweeting her delight at the reports . News of the royal baby also grabbed column inches internationally . "  Royal baby a bonus for special editions , " declared The Australian , as it predicted that Australian women 's magazines would now go into coverage hyperdrive with a series of royal specials . "  Royal Baby a ` Delight , ' Especially to Britain 's Tabloids , " ran the headline in The New York Times . The paper 's Sarah Lyall observed that "  speculation began virtually the moment Kate Middleton said ' I will ' to Prince William in April 2011 , leaving an industry of tabloid newspapers and gossip magazines with a big black hole where their wedding coverage used to be . " Lyall said those who had previously -- and incorrectly -- guessed something was afoot because Catherine was drinking water instead of wine at some official dinner could now finally claim to be right .	Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge expecting first child Report : royal couple had hoped to keep news under wraps until Christmas Day Catherine in hospital receiving treatment for severe morning sickness Bookmakers accepting bets for baby 's name and even its weight
Washington  CNN  President Barack Obama 's Keystone pipeline headache is only going to get worse . Democrats -- in their final weeks of controlling the Senate -- successfully blocked a bill Tuesday that would authorize the pipeline from hitting the president 's desk . But the reprieve wo n't last long . Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell immediately vowed that Keystone would be "  an early item on the agenda in the next Congress . " Keystone , a pipeline that would connect Canada 's oil sands to the Texas coast , has been a rallying cry for the GOP throughout the Obama presidency . Republicans have unsuccessfully tried to attach the issue to a host of bills over the years , including a payroll tax cut . Poised to assume full control of Congress for the first time in nearly a decade , there 's pent up energy to finally approve legislation . And the GOP is working hard to build a coalition that even a presidential veto ca n't block . "  If you do the math , we have 59 votes today , " said North Dakota Republican Sen. John Hoeven . "  But if you look at the new Congress , you can count four more right away  and  I think there may be others . " Hoeven , one of Keystone 's biggest backers , said he is aiming for 67 votes to override a likely presidential veto and said Republicans could attach a Keystone XL bill to a bigger measure Obama would be under pressure to sign , like a government financing bill . A veto-proof majority in the Senate next year is n't impossible . On Tuesday , 14 Democrats sided with Republicans on Keystone . While some of those Democrats wo n't be returning to the new Senate , the vote suggests a level of support in the party that must grab the attention of the White House . A growing number of Democrats may be beginning to feel , privately at least , that the pipeline might be a battle that is becoming unsustainable . "  They need to get this issue behind us once and for all , " said Jim Manley , a longtime former communications aide to Democratic Majority leader Harry Reid and Sen. Edward Kennedy . Significantly , the White House has not yet specifically threatened to veto a bill seeking to approve Keystone . But it has left no doubt of Obama 's distaste for the project . "  It certainly is a piece of legislation that the president does n't support , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Tuesday . Opinion polls have shown that majorities of Americans favor the pipeline , despite warnings of environmentalists it would swell carbon emissions and threaten fragile ecosystems on its route . Oil industry leaders seem to believe that the political winds are now finally in their favor . "  Today 's vote in the U.S. Senate demonstrates a growing and high level of support for Keystone XL , " said Russ Girling , president and chief executive of TransCanada , which is behind the project . "  Keystone XL is not going away , the president will have to deal with it , if not now then next year , " said Jack Gerard , President and CEO of the American Petroleum Institute , which represents US oil and natural gas firms . "  We will not give up until the pipeline is built . " But the environmental lobby and opponents of the project , who are still celebrating a major climate deal announced last week by the president in China , took heart from another delay for Keystone . "  We 're more confident than ever that this pipeline will never be built , " said Tiernan Sittenfeld , senior vice president of the League of Conservation Voters . Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer , who led opposition to the bill , said she was proud her party had stood firm for the "  health of the planet , " but admitted "  I know the fight is far from over . " Tuesday 's vote on Keystone XL , the 1,200 mile stretch of a bigger TransCanada network was really a sideshow . Party leaders permitted a poignant but futile attempt by Democrat Mary Landrieu to show voters in Louisiana , where oil is king , that she still has Senate clout before a runoff election . But politics is a cruel game . Despite her personal appeals to colleagues with whom she has served for years in the Senate , Landrieu fell one vote short of putting the president on the spot . In many ways , Keystone has become a cause that carries more political importance than commercial or environmental significance . For Green groups in Obama 's base , it has become the focal point of a struggle against the fossil fuels industry and a test of the president 's fealty to progressive principles . But Republicans have repeatedly hammered Obama for opposing what they say is a project that will lead to thousands of jobs and boost energy resources . Obama was scathing about those claims last week . "  I have to constantly push back against this idea that somehow the Keystone pipeline is either this massive jobs bill for the United States , or is somehow lowering gas prices , " Obama said . "  It is providing the ability of Canada to pump their oil , send it through our land , down to the Gulf , where it will be sold everywhere else . " Republicans have a blunter message . House Speaker John Boehner linked the administration 's Keystone resistance to comments by Obamacare adviser Jonathan Gruber , who has come under fire for saying "  the stupidity of the American voter " helped ensure passage of the law . Vetoing a Keystone bill , Boehner warned on Tuesday , "  would be equivalent to calling the American people stupid . "	The Senate blocked a Keystone bill from advancing Tuesday But the issue wo n't go away for Obama McConnell : Keystone will be "  an early item " on 2015 agenda
A former Google + employee who spent three years helping create Google + has written a brutal blog post declaring the tech giant 's social network a failure . In a lengthy , at times profane breakdown on blogging platform Medium , Chris Messina , the man credited as inventor of the hashtag , writes that Google missed a chance to make the service a one-stop home for its users ' online identities and , instead , created a less-popular Facebook copycat . "  Lately , I just feel like Google + is confused and adrift at sea , " Messina wrote . "  It 's so far behind , how can it possibly catch up ? " The November 28 post was a follow-up to a tweet in which he had mistakenly called out a bug on Google + that was actually caused by an external app . Even as he corrected himself , he called out Google for the network 's missed opportunity . "  I f -- ed up , " Messina wrote . "  So has Google . " Messina left Google over a year ago to join a startup . Before that , he had worked on the short-lived Google Buzz social product , then Google + . He wrote that while it was being developed under the code name "  Emerald Sea , " Google + was internally being called "  Google Me . " The idea at the time , he said , was to make the site a sort of home base for users , where they would decide which information they 'd like to share about themselves and with whom they 'd like to share it . "  It was like Google was saying , ` We 're going to be your trusted partner in cyberspace , and we 'll help you surface the right information to the people you choose , at the right time ' , " Messina wrote . "  It was a functional search-oriented value proposition , rather than a social networking one . "  Thus , for me , when I searched for my mom 's phone number on Google , I actually find it -- because it would be on her profile and she would have shared it with me . Suddenly a query like ` mom phone number ' would work . " Instead , he wrote , Google + became "  a kind of Facebook-lite . " "  Why did the world need another Facebook , unless to benefit Google by making their ad targeting more effective ? " Messina wrote . Google did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment for this article . Messina wrote that innovation appears to be slowing for the Web tool . In a chart , he said Google + and Hangouts , its well-liked video chat tool , have been updated with six apps each in 2014 , compared with 15 for YouTube and 16 for Chrome , both of which are also Google properties , and 19 for Facebook , 29 for Instagram and 33 for Twitter . Aside from his personal interest , Messina said he 's disappointed because Facebook , with its more than 1.3 billion users , needs competition . "  The future of digital identity should not be determined by one company  namely , Facebook  , " he said . "  I still believe that competition in this space is better for consumers , for startups , and for the industry . And Google still remains one of the few companies  besides Apple , perhaps  that stands a chance to take on Facebook in this arena -- but Google + , as I see it , has lost its way . "	Former Google + employee says the social tool has failed Hashtag inventor Chris Messina left Google over a year ago He says G + could have been about identity , became "  Facebook lite "
CNN  -- Pope Francis spoke out against sexual abuse by Catholic clergy on Monday and said he plans to meet with victims in early June . In a wide-ranging talk with reporters , he also discussed celibacy in the clergy , saying it 's not dogma so "  the door is always open . " The Pope fielded questions on these subjects during an informal chat with reporters . He simply walked to the back of the papal airplane , sat down with a group of journalists and took questions for about 45 minutes , answering in Italian . When the Vatican spokesman suggested he stop after half an hour to rest , the Pope indicated he was happy to continue . Such informality has become a hallmark of Pope Francis . Stressing that sex abuse constitutes a horrific crime , he told reporters that three bishops are under investigation . One has already been found guilty and a penalty is being considered , he said . It was not clear whether the bishops are under investigation for alleged abuse , or for purported involvement in some sort of cover-up . None of those clerics were named . A priest who abuses a child betrays the body of the Lord , the Pope said , according to pool reports . He called for zero tolerance . "  This is very serious , " he said . "  It is like , by way of comparison , holding a black Mass. . You are supposed to lead them to sanctity and instead you lead them to a problem that will last their entire lives . " Among the expected invitees to the meeting are abuse victims from Germany , England and Ireland , and Cardinal Sean O'Malley , the archbishop of Boston . Terrence Donilon , a spokesman for the cardinal , said the time and date of the meeting have not been finalized . "  Cardinal O'Malley has been asked by the Holy Father to assist with the planning for a meeting with survivors of sexual abuse in the coming months , " said Donilon . "  The cardinal looks forward to supporting this effort by Pope Francis in whatever manner will be most helpful . " The meeting at the Vatican will not be the first time a pope has met with sexual abuse victims , according to John L. Allen Jr. , CNN 's senior Vatican analyst . However , it will mark the first time Pope Francis has done so . "  This is a clear indication that Francis is trying to get the message out that he ` gets it ' about the need to confront the church 's abuse scandals , " Allen said . However , the U.S.-based Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests said the pope 's comments did not go far enough . "  No child rape will be prevented , no abuse cover-up will be prevented and no predator priest will be exposed by anything the pope said today or will do next month , " Joelle Casteix , western regional director of SNAP , said in a statement . "  His upcoming and self-serving meeting with victims is more of what we 've seen for decades -- more gestures , promises , symbolism and public relations . " When reporters asked about celibacy in the clergy , Pope Francis showed an open mind but did n't say he 's ready to make a change yet . "  The Catholic Church has married priests -- Greek Catholics , Coptic Catholics , those of oriental rites , " he said . "  Celibacy is not a question of dogma , but rather a rule of life that I greatly appreciate , as I believe it is a gift for the Church . But , since it is not a dogma of faith , the door is always open . " The pontiff spoke as he was returning to Rome from a three-day trip to the Middle East . During that trip , the Pope extended an invitation to the leaders of Israel and the Palestinian Authority to travel to the Vatican for peace talks . In comments aboard the plane , he clarified the talks would not focus on finding a solution . "  It will be a meeting of prayer , " he said . The Pope also appeared to open the door to the possibility he might resign one day , like his predecessor , if he no longer had the strength to carry on . "  I think that Pope Benedict XVI was not a unique case , " Francis told reporters . "  I will do what God tells me to do . " Kick out those who sexually abuse children , U.N. panel tells Vatican Vatican setting up commission against sexual abuse of minors CNN 's Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	NEW : Pope says "  the door is always open " on celibacy discussions The meeting would mark his first with a group of abuse victims Speaking to reporters aboard the papal plane , the pontiff called for zero tolerance While in Mideast , he invites Israeli , Palestinian leaders to Vatican to pray
Even as investigators say they need more access to bodies and wreckage from last week 's Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash in eastern Ukraine , the pro-Russian rebels that control the territory say they 're tiring of having any probe there , a spokesman for a monitoring group said Friday . With the site still not secure eight days after the crash , and victims ' remains still lying with debris , nations such as Netherlands are pressing to send their own police and investigators to the scene . Various negotiations are under way . But rebels controlling the area -- the same rebels that Ukraine and the United States accuse of downing the plane and killing the 298 people aboard -- hinted to an international monitoring group that they 've nearly had enough , even with the small amount of investigators they 've already let in . "  We were given the indication ... that their patience is almost wearing out , " said Michael Bociurkiw , a spokesman for the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which has had a small team touring the site for days . "  They 're saying maybe another week and then they do n't know what would happen . " That 's not likely to please a number of nations that say a proper investigation still has n't begun , including Netherlands , whose officials say they 're negotiating with the Ukrainian government to send 40 Dutch military police to search for more bodies . The rebels "  are encouraging us to pass the message up the command chain , if you will , that a group of experts , perhaps 25 or 30 , should get here soon to oversee ... movement of the debris , " Bociurkiw , who was with the OSCE team in eastern Ukraine , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Friday Monitor : Personal effects suddenly appearing at wreck sites Accusations over who was responsible for bringing down the passenger jet , which was headed from Amsterdam to Malaysia , continue to be traded by the Ukrainian government , pro-Russian rebels and officials in Moscow and Washington . Flight 17 was downed on July 17 by a suspected surface-to-air missile over eastern Ukraine , where groups of pro-Russian rebels are fighting Ukrainian government forces . The rebels have denied allegations from Ukraine and the West that they brought down the commercial airliner using equipment supplied by Russia . On Friday , the OSCE team again toured the crash site , returning to a recently discovered section of fuselage from the plane . This time -- unlike Thursday -- victims ' passports and other documentation were there , Bociurkiw said . "  We ca n't draw any conclusions . But for sure , those were not there the last time we were there , " he said . "  Perhaps someone placed it there . We do n't know . " No Ukrainian government or international force has secured the site , raising concerns about tampering or pilfering . The OSCE team on Friday toured with a few experts from Australia and , for the first time , some forensic experts from Netherlands . CNN 's Phil Black has reported from the area that there appears to be no ongoing effort to find and retrieve victims ' bodies . Though many corpses have been recovered already , Bociurkiw said the group still has seen human remains among the debris several times this week . 378 body bags processed so far As of Friday afternoon , 378 body bags containing remains of Flight 17 victims have been processed in the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv , where discovered remains have been sent , Sergey Bochkovskiy , the head of Ukraine 's State Emergency Services , told reporters there . Officials say it 's unclear how many individual victims ' remains are contained in the bags . Dutch citizens comprised 193 of the 298 people aboard the downed flight . By Friday , 198 coffins had either already arrived in Netherlands or were on their way Friday , Bochkovskiy said . Another 38 coffins were expected to arrive in Netherlands on Saturday , he said . Officials accused the rebels who control the crash area of preventing recovery workers Thursday from searching for more bodies . On Friday , Jan Tuinder , head of the Dutch police team that his country wants to send to Ukraine , said he hoped better access could be negotiated between the rebels and the Ukrainian government . "  I just want to get in , " Tuinder said . Netherlands is stepping up efforts to ensure that the remains of all the crash victims return home from Ukraine , Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told CNN on Thursday . "  We will increase our effort to bring home all the victims of this disaster , " he told CNN 's Cooper . "  We will send into the crash site a large number of people from the Netherlands -- experts , forensic experts , people from the police who are trained to deal with this type of work . " He said he hoped to have about 50 personnel at the site by Sunday . Dutch families keep airport vigil At Netherlands ' Eindhoven airport Friday , Silene Fredriksz and other victims ' relatives held vigil for a third day , watching the coffins come in but not knowing whether they contained their loved ones . "  When they 're here on the Dutch grounds , I  will  feel safe , " Fredriksz told CNN 's "  New Day " on Friday . "  After all the horrible things I 've seen that happened there in the Ukraine fields , it 's a big , big nightmare for us , but ... when everybody 's here , I feel safe . " Fredriksz 's son , Bryce , was on the flight with his girlfriend , Daisy Oehlers , bound for a Bali vacation . Fredriksz said she 'll be at the airport , watching the military cargo planes come in and the coffins come out , until they stop coming . As the coffins have been brought off , they have been received in solemn ceremonies . "  It 's very emotional , but also beautiful that they 're finally home , " she said . The bodies ' arrival in Netherlands contrasts starkly with their initial treatment at the crash site , where they were left exposed to the elements for days , and in some cases , according to Dutch officials , stripped of personal belongings . The transfer of the remains to Netherlands that were brought to Kharkiv , Ukraine , is expected to be completed by Saturday , Rutte said Thursday . The work to identify them , by at least 200 international experts , is likely to take weeks or even months . Australia sending police Australia , which had 27 of its citizens on board the plane , says it has 90 police officers in Europe and is sending another 100 with a view to their joining a planned international deployment to provide security at the crash site . "  Australia is close to finalizing an agreement with Ukraine for the deployment of Australian police , some of whom could be armed , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said at a news conference Friday . "  What we want to do is claim our dead and bring them home , " he said . Netherlands has said it is sending 40 unarmed military police to Ukraine , and they 're expected to arrive Saturday . European Union increases pressure on Russia Earlier Friday , the European Union stepped up pressure against Russians and others it blames for fomenting the crisis in Ukraine , banning visas and freezing the assets of 15 more people and 18 more companies and organizations . The EU 's move aims to punish those supporting the monthslong pro-Russian rebellion in eastern Ukraine . Details about who was sanctioned Friday were n't immediately available . But the European Union and the United States previously have targeted Russians and Ukrainians they say have assisted the rebellion and Russia 's annexation in March of the Ukrainian Black Sea peninsula of Crimea -- such as Vladimir Shamanov , commander of Russian airborne troops . The move brings the total number of EU sanctions in the Ukraine crisis to 87 , and the number of entities to 20 . The European Union on Friday also widened its criteria for future sanctions , saying it would now look to punish not only those who are aiding the rebellion , but also those benefiting "  from Russian decision makers responsible " for it . It 's happened before : MH17 tragedy was part of a bigger air war Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russian rebels ? Ukrainian President : The world must choose sides So much we do n't know -- five unanswered questions Who were the victims ? Should jet have flown over Ukraine ?	OSCE says rebels ' "  patience is almost wearing out " Flight 17 victims ' families keep vigil for third day at Netherlands airport , waiting for more coffins Dutch negotiating to have police , experts at crash site by this weekend Australia is sending more police to Europe to potentially help secure the crash site
Voters in Oregon , Alaska and Washington , D.C. have voted to approve sweeping pro-marijuana legalization , according to a CNN projections . The three wins have pro-legalization activists enthused and many are already looking towards 2016 , when ballot initiatives in states such as California , Massachusetts , Maine , Nevada and Arizona are likely to be put to voters . In Oregon , the law legalizes personal possession , manufacture and sale of marijuana for people 21 years of age and older . Mimicking similar plans in Washington State and Colorado , the Oregon law will also create a commercial regulatory system for the production , distribution and sale of marijuana . Alaska 's law is similar to Oregon and would tax and regulate the production , sale and use of marijuana , making the use legal for people over 21 years old Washington , D.C. 's proposal , while scaled back compared to the others , allows for a person over 21 years old to posses up to two ounces of marijuana for personal use and grow up to six cannabis plants in their home . It also allows people to transfer up to one ounce of marijuana to another person , but not sell it . The issue is not fully resolved for the District of Columbia , however . Because of its unique status as a district , not a state , Congress has the authority to overrule D.C. laws and some lawmakers have signaled that they would likely work to overrule the popular vote . Pro-marijuana activists heralded the victories as "  huge " on Tuesday . ' I like weed , and I 'm a good person ' : Pot smokers fight stereotypes "  It 's always an uphill battle to win a marijuana legalization initiative in a year like this , when young people are so much less likely to vote , which makes today 's victory all the sweeter , " said Ethan Nadelmann , executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance said about Oregon . "  The pace of reform is accelerating , other states are sure to follow , and even Congress is poised to wake from its slumber . " Wins in Washington , D.C. also have activists hoping for federal recognition . "  With marijuana legal in the federal government 's backyard , " said Tom Angell , chairman of Marijuana Majority , "  it 's going to be increasingly difficult for national politicians to continue ignoring the growing majority of voters who want to end prohibition . " Not all news was positive , however , for marijuana activists on Tuesday , however . Voters in Florida gave the thumbs down to medical marijuana in the the Sunshine State earlier in the night , according to a CNN projection . The measure - which is one of many on ballots in 2014 - would have legalized the use of medical marijuana in Florida and would have tasked the state 's Department of Health with regulating it . Because the measure would have altered Florida 's constitution , supporters needed 60 % for the question to pass . Only 57 % of voters voted yes , compared to 43 % who voted no with 91 % of vote reporting . Marijuana has been a surging issue of late . In 2013 , according to Gallup , more Americans supported legalization than those who opposed it . Just 14 years earlier , those who opposed it had over a 2-to-1 advantage . A 2014 Pew Research poll found that 54 % of Americans supported making marijuana legal . Ever since voters in Colorado and Washington allowed the sale of legalized marijuana in 2014  after voters decided to legalize years before  , the push for more marijuana legalization has become a popular nationwide effort . The laws in Oregon and Alaska are similar to what Colorado and Washington State passed and would allow recreational sale and taxation of the drug . Both votes are expected to be close , with polls mixed on the results .	Voters in Oregon , Alaska and Washington , D.C. approved marijuana legalization on Tuesday The Oregon and Alaska measures legalizes personal possession , manufacture and sale of marijuana for people 21 years of age and older Florida voters rejected a proposal on medical marijuana in Florida , according to a CNN projection Because the law was a constitutional amendment , it needed 60 % approval
Atlanta  CNN  -- When something big and exciting happens right in your own backyard , you sort of have to stop , pull up a chair , and enjoy the moment . Especially when it 's quite literally in your backyard . But I 'm easy . Two squirrels fighting over an acorn qualifies as must-see , five-star entertainment . My assistant knows the drill . "  Acorn fight ! Diane , cancel all my appointments . " Of course , I do n't actually have an assistant named Diane . And I do n't have appointments . But if I did , she would clear them for such unexpected awesomeness . Which , when you have my delightfully low standards , would be often . But this weekend , in my figurative backyard of Atlanta , there are some actual , legitimate big-time festivities happening . So big , in fact , it 's like THREE squirrels fighting over an acorn . "  Sweet Moses ! Diane , bring me nachos . " Naturally , of course , I 'm talking about the world-famous , four-day-long , sweaty orgy of humanity known as the NCAA men 's basketball Final Four . Mind you , that is n't their official description . But it should be . You know . For kids . And not only is the Final Four completely taking over my city , it 's also trending everywhere online in social media . Thus , I figured , so long as people are talking about it , and so long as it 's in town , I might as well become one with "  the madness " and download the official app to learn exactly what 's going on .  Ahem , disclosure : CNN is a part of the TBS family , and TBS is a major broadcast partner of the NCAA Final Four . Though I am a team player , this week 's topic has nothing to do with my employer . I chose it because I 'm lazy and it 's happening next door to my office  . Sadly , however , the schedule of events does n't suggest anything about fighting squirrels . "  Diane , take the rest of the day off . " The Final Four Atlanta app is actually pretty useful for sorting out all the weekend 's craziness , and I immediately noticed that most of it is happening in a strange place called Bracket Town . I sort of picture a sad little neighborhood where the streets are littered with torn pieces of paper . The men are all clinically depressed because their girlfriends ' "  favorite mascot " strategy works every year . And at the end of March , tradition leads these anguished souls to the top of Heartache Hill to scream profanities at Georgetown . In fact , when it 's not serving the Final Four , Bracket Town is actually just the lower level of Building A of the Georgia World Congress Center -- otherwise known as the greatest carpet contract in the history of man . Seriously , this place is huge , and every time I walk through part of the 3.9 million square feet all I can think is that whoever sold the flooring is living large on a private yacht . And it drives me crazy . You see , I currently do not own a private yacht . Which is not to imply that someday I will . Because I most certainly wo n't . I studied journalism . So , just what is Bracket Town ? In their own words -- presumably drafted to charm and delight the Alliteration Appreciation Association Around America -- the NCAA describes it as "  the Ultimate Final Four Fan Fest , offering more than 300,000 square feet of family-friendly activities . " Flippity frick frack ! That 's a lot of F 's . And it 's also a lot of floor space . I took a preview tour on Tuesday and needed oxygen . Consider that a regulation basketball court is 4,700 square feet . By doing far more math than the warning label on my discount-bin brain allows , I somehow calculated that Bracket Town is roughly the equivalent of 64 full-size courts . That 's massive ! Having said that , I realize this is a completely useless statistic , and none of us are any smarter for my calculations . Plus , I now have a headache . And a rash . Unrelated . Long story . Nevertheless , inside Bracket Town , which goes from Friday at noon until sometime Monday when they run out of Fs , ticket holders can experience everything from 3-on-3 tournaments to autograph signings to skills challenges in several of the 80-plus NCAA sports . Sadly , napping on the couch does not appear to be one of them . So , I do n't predict any personal success in these challenges . It seems my greatest skill does not lend itself to scholarship opportunities . But for many of the expected 10,000 Bracket Town fans who possess far greater athleticism than I , there will be plenty of opportunities to slam-dunk basketballs , kick soccer goals , and crack home runs . And for my equals who would rather test the limits of their liver than those of their muscles , there 's even an adult beverage lounge setup by Bleacher Report . You know , because Mommy needs her medicine . Of course , this is all just one large part of an already action-packed weekend . In addition to Bracket Town , Centennial Olympic Park will be hosting free concerts from My Morning Jacket , Sting , Dave Matthews Band , and more . Which is great , save for the fact that somehow getting home from downtown will require a catapult . And I 'm not sure how I feel about being hooked up to a machine just to bypass traffic . So , a bunch of us are just sticking around and taking it all in . Because this is the Final Four , and this is MY backyard . "  Diane , help me find a port-o-john . "	Atlanta hosts the NCAA Final Four Bracket Town is 300,000 square feet of college sports Bellini : The Final Four is "  completely taking over my city "
London  CNN  -- "  After the storm of a life lived in the heat of political controversy , there is a great calm . " And so it seemed inside St. Paul 's Cathedral on Wednesday as more than 2,300 guests from 170 countries stilled their quiet chatter and waited , silently , for the coffin of Margaret Thatcher to enter . Those words from the Right Rev. Richard Chartres , Bishop of London , in many ways summed up the mood within : This was a farewell to a stateswoman and Britain 's pioneering first female prime minister but also to a very human mother and grandmother now gone to her final rest . The domed white marble splendor of St. Paul 's , Christopher Wren 's masterpiece , only served to remind those within of how insignificant even the greatest of leaders is in the end . Rewriting history : How UK might have been without Thatcher The coffin 's solemn arrival was signaled to those waiting inside by the muffled tone of the cathedral clock tolling the hour . Far from the fierce political debate and fervent protests that raged in Thatcher 's life -- and indeed in the nine days since her death -- the coffin was carried quietly in by uniformed members of the armed forces . Draped in a Union flag and topped with a white flower arrangement , it was placed carefully on a bier directly before the guests of honor at the service , Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip . They sat across the aisle from Thatcher 's children , Mark and Carol ; and her grandchildren , Michael and Amanda ; and next to serving Prime Minister David Cameron and his wife . Thatcher : Revered and reviled , in death as in life A ceremonial mourning sword lay on a red-covered table before the queen , carried in by the Lord Mayor of London . The royals ' red velvet-covered chairs had been the last to be filled , as steadily the cathedral filled to its capacity . Those who 'd taken their places in the tight-packed rows of seats behind and to either side included men in formal military uniform , adorned with gold braid and medals , cardinals with their distinctive red caps , women in elaborate black hats and foreign dignitaries , some in dark suits , others in more distinctive traditional dress . Live blog : Funeral of Margaret Thatcher Grey hair was much in evidence , and men outnumbered women -- as was the case by a much greater margin when Thatcher was in office . After all , when she entered Parliament in 1959 , she made up part of only 4 % who were women . From time to time during the ceremony , sunlight poured through the windows of the cathedral to glint off the gold mosaic tiles and gilded carvings below the frescoed dome , lit also by gleaming candelabra . There was no sign within the grand cathedral walls of the tight security outside , with crowds of supporters and a few pockets of protesters kept under the watchful gaze of some 4,000 police officers . Welcoming the congregation , the Very Rev. David Ison , dean of St. Paul 's -- who himself this week evoked the lasting anger and hurt felt by some in Britain as a result of Thatcher 's policies -- recalled now "  her leadership of this nation , her courage , her steadfastness , and her resolve to accomplish what she believed to be right for the common good . " Giving thanks for the country 's traditions of freedom , democracy and rule of law , he invited those gathered to pray . Only twice did a quiet murmur of laughter punctuate the solemn calm of the proceedings , when Chartres recounted anecdotes which gave a more personal sense of Thatcher 's dealings with those she met . She may not be able to control how she is judged by future generations , but the late prime minister 's hand was behind much of the service that marks the end of her physical presence on Earth . Opinion : Why Britain needs another Thatcher As Chartres pointed out , at her request this was not a memorial service , filled with eulogies , but a simple funeral that reflected her disciplined Methodist upbringing as a grocer 's daughter in Grantham . He acknowledged the contentious nature of her legacy , saying , "  the storm of conflicting opinions centers on the Mrs. Thatcher who became a symbolic figure -- even an ` ism , ' " but said that lying there , she was "  one of us , " subject to human destiny . "  There is an important place for debating policies and legacy ; for assessing the everyday lives of individuals and communities ... but here and today is neither the time nor the place , " he said . "  This is a place for ordinary human compassion of the kind that is reconciling . It is also the place for simple truths which transcend political debate . " Thatcher 's granddaughter , Amanda , gave the first reading , her voice clear and steady despite the gravity of the occasion . Its theme of righteous struggle , "  not against flesh and blood but against principalities , against powers , against the ruler of darkness of this world " was perhaps meant to bring to mind Thatcher 's own struggles , first to reach power as a woman in the 1970s and then to exercise it for the good of her country . As the Bishop of London said , "  In a setting like this ... it is easy to forget the immense hurdles she had to climb . " Cameron , who now leads the Conservative Party that Thatcher headed from 1975 to 1990 , gave the second short reading from the King James Bible . The Archbishop of Canterbury , Justin Welby , rounded off the service with the final blessing . The hymns and predominantly English music , chosen by Thatcher and her family , reflected the tastes of a woman Cameron described last week as a "  patriot prime minister " with a "  lion-hearted love " of her country . And at the end of the funeral , as the other illustrious guests filed out -- including 11 serving prime ministers , 17 serving foreign ministers and senior clergy from around the world , as well as many British lawmakers -- the sense was reinforced that this was a farewell to a woman who , like her or loathe her , was truly out of the ordinary . Indeed , many observers noted that the pomp and ceremony of her funeral procession , with full military honors , was barely distinguishable from the state funeral accorded to a monarch . No UK prime minister has been given such a farewell since Winston Churchill died nearly half a century ago . Former Prime Ministers Tony Blair , Gordon Brown and John Major , former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney , former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper were just a few of the familiar faces among the departing guests . Some 50 of the guests had links to the Falkland Islands , the disputed territory over which Thatcher led Britain to war against Argentina in 1982 . After receptions where relatives , dignitaries and former colleagues gathered to discuss their own memories of the politician once known as the "  Iron Lady , " Thatcher 's family accompanied her coffin to a west London crematorium for a final farewell . As Chartres said , those close to her must sometimes struggle to recognize the woman they know in the "  mythological figure " created over decades of life in the public eye . But as her daughter , Carol , said last week , the tributes paid by foreign and British leaders on her death prove that , whatever one 's views on her politics , Thatcher 's "  place in history is assured . " Cameron 's verdict , given via Twitter , was that the funeral was "  a fitting tribute to a great prime minister , respected around the world . "	More than 2,300 mourners fill St. Paul 's Cathedral for Margaret Thatcher 's funeral Among them are foreign dignitaries , UK politicians and Queen Elizabeth II This is "  the place for simple truths which transcend political debate , " says Bishop of London Thatcher 's granddaughter , Amanda , gives one reading , PM David Cameron another
CNN Student News  -- October 7 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : New York City & Stanford Nairobi , Kenya London , England Hong Kong , China Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega , who is serving time in prison for crimes committed during his rule , was taken to a hospital , Panamanian police said Sunday . He was moved to the Panama City hospital because of hypertension and a possible stroke , they said , citing his medical team . He is 77 . Noriega returned to Panama late last year , nearly 22 years after U.S. forces forcibly removed him from office . He previously served time in French and American prisons . He was convicted in absentia in Panama , where officials want Noriega to face justice in the killings of Hugo Spadafora , his political opponent , and at least one other person . For almost 20 years , Noriega was a major player in a country of critical regional importance to the United States because of its location on the Panama Canal , the key strategic and economic waterway between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans on the narrow isthmus linking the Americas . Amid growing unrest in Panama , then-U.S. President George H.W. Bush ordered the invasion of Panama in December 1989 , saying Noriega 's rule posed a threat to U.S. lives and property . Noriega fled his offices and tried to seek sanctuary in the Vatican Embassy in Panama City . He surrendered in January 1990 and was quickly escorted to the United States for civilian trial . Noriega was indicted in the United States on charges of racketeering , laundering drug money and drug trafficking . He was accused of having links to Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar 's notorious Medellin cartel and , in the process , amassing a multimillion-dollar fortune . He was convicted of drug trafficking and other crimes in the United States . While in U.S. custody , he suffered from prostate cancer and a stroke . In 2010 , a French court sentenced Noriega to seven years in prison for laundering 2.3 million euros  $ 2.9 million  through banks there . A French court authorized his extradition to Panama .	Manuel Noriega was moved because of hypertension , possible stroke , police say He was transferred from prison , where he was sent for crimes committed in office Noriega returned to Panama late last year after 22 years in French , U.S. prisons
CNN  -- Two failed bomb attempts by the Somali Islamist group Al-Shabaab killed 11 militants around Mogadishu , Somalia 's transitional government said Saturday . In the first incident , militants were working on a car bomb in a house near Shirkole , north of the capital , when the device detonated , killing 10 , the government said in a news release Saturday . Another Al-Shabaab member was killed while planting a roadside bomb on Mogadishu 's Ansaloti bridge , according to the release . Authorities arrested two other individuals suspected of guarding the militant who died . "  This is clear evidence that Al-Shabaab are planning death and destruction during this holiest of months , Ramadan , " Interior Minister Abdikadir Ali Omar said . "  Only luck has prevented the deaths of many innocent citizens of Mogadishu . " This month , militants with Al-Shabaab -- an al Qaeda-tied group battling Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government -- had vowed to speed up fighting during Ramadan , a month of sunrise to sunset fasting for Muslims .	Militants were planning attacks around Mogadishu , Somali officials say Ten were killed while working on a car bomb Al-Shabaab has warned about more attacks during Ramadan
CNN  -- The New Zealand government wants to make sure your high is safe . In an attempt to tackle the popularity of new-generation synthetic party drugs -- sold widely in convenience stores and blamed for triggering a spate of mental health issues -- New Zealand authorities have taken a radical new tack . A new law shifts the onus to the makers of synthetic recreational drugs , forcing them to conduct clinical tests to prove their products are safe -- similar to the way pharmaceuticals are regulated . It 's the first nation to take a dramatically different approach to psychoactive substances like party pills and synthetic marijuana -- which the United Nations has flagged as an alarming drug problem . Some psychoactive substances go by names like bath salts , spice or meow-meow . In a 119-to-1 vote on Thursday , the country 's parliament passed the Psychoactive Substances Bill , establishing a framework for testing , manufacturing and selling such recreational drugs . The new law does not apply to non-synthetic drugs like marijuana , cocaine or magic mushrooms . In a country that prides itself as a "  social laboratory , " New Zealand has become "  a laboratory in every sense : for the approval of new recreational drugs , " according to an editorial in the New Zealand Herald . The drug law enjoyed broad support although there was debate over whether animal testing would be required in the clinical tests . "  While other countries are still blindly banning drug after drug , the Psychoactive Substances Bill will put New Zealand ahead of the industry 's game , " said Ross Bell , the New Zealand Drug Foundation 's executive director in a statement in support of the law . "  It is a comprehensive , pragmatic and innovative approach to address a complex problem . " This contrasts with countries where substances are legal until the governments ban them . Chemical concoctions come out fairly routinely -- far outpacing efforts to control them . When one product is banned , "  there are two or three or four replacements in the market , " said Bell . And authorities ca n't prevent the drug makers from selling new concoctions . "  You ca n't ban what yet does n't exist , " Bell said . "  The government is n't in the position to pre-empt these things . " New Zealand is unique because of its remote geography , he added . "  It 's because we 're a small remote country , " he said . "  Drugs like heroine do n't make their way to New Zealand . What we 've become good at doing is making our own drugs . " Psychoactive substances have raised concerns over their ingredients and effects . Some are known to cause paranoia , hallucinations , convulsions and psychotic episodes . "  In lots of ways , this synthetic cannabis is way worse than the real stuff with a number of people who are becoming psychotic as a result , " said Dr. Mark Peterson , the chair of the New Zealand Medical Association . Under the law , new psychoactive drugs can not be sold unless they pass health regulations . That process will be determined by the country 's Ministry of Health . The new regulation "  has to be rigorous and robust enough to stand up to public scrutiny . To be licensed , to be legal , it has to pass testing like new medicine in the market , " said Grant Hall , general manager of the advocacy group , The Star Trust , which represents members of the legal high industry in the country . The industry wants to "  be recognized as other highs " such as alcohol and tobacco , he added . Hall said he expects the industry to take a hit on profits as they 'll now have to submit costly and lengthy applications to be be sold on the market . But he views it as an investment . "  You have take a long term view , " Hall said . "  It 's a legitimate industry that provides certified low-risk product so people can enjoy them safely . That 's a much better business model than the better cat-and-mouse game the industry plays with the government . " Here is what else the Psychoactive Substances Bill entails : - Restricts where and how psychoactive drugs are sold - Prohibits sales to minors - Restricts labeling and packaging of products - Gives existing products a grace period to begin application process	New Zealand Parliament passes new drug law 119-1 Recreational drug makers can sell products if they prove its safety Law only applies to synthetic drugs , not marijuana , cocaine , etc New Zealand is first to change its tactic on psychoactive drugs
Washington  CNN  -- The former secretary of state 's most ardent supporters and organizers will meet Friday in New York City to discuss what now looks like an all-but-certain Hillary Clinton campaign for president . Ready for Hillary , a pro-Clinton super PAC that has been organizing around a Clinton run for almost two years , is hosting an all-day strategy session that will bring together the different groups that have been working around a Clinton run since shortly after she left the State Department in early 2013 . The Ready for Hillary National Finance Council meeting -- which is being held at the Sheraton Times Square in New York City -- is part rally , part history lesson for the Clinton supporters and will bring together top flight Democratic strategists , longtime Clinton supporters and at least three people rumored to be the former secretary of state 's next campaign manager . Guy Cecil , the executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee ; Stephanie Schriock , the president of EMILY 's List ; and Ace Smith , a political operative who worked for Clinton in 2008 , have all been rumored as likely picks for Clinton 's top campaign job . All three will sit on panels and discuss Clinton 's future Friday . Ready for Hillary has been the most high profile pro-Clinton super PAC that sprung up to boost Clinton between her years at the State Department and her eventual presidential run . Founded in 2013 , the group has been focused on garnering grassroots support , building a sizable list of supporters and raising money . The organization has worked somewhat like a ground and grassroots operations for Clinton , dispatching volunteers to different events and sending a campaign bus to drive across the country and rally support . Ready for Hillary has also started to grease the wheels of state and local politics . The group has sold or traded its email list with over 30 state parties and donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to state parties and local campaigns . But Friday 's meeting -- and an eventual Clinton announcement - are somewhat of a going away party for Ready for Hillary and its young , excited staffers . Multiple sources from the group told CNN that while Ready for Hillary will keep working until Clinton announces her candidacy , the group will wind down operations that day the former first lady announces . "  That is the point at which we would wind down because we are not going to have a separate and competing field and grass roots infrastructure across the country , " said one source with knowledge of Ready for Hillary 's plans . "  Rather than continuing our efforts across the country , we would tell our supporters , ` Hillary has a campaign , go join it . ' " The day Clinton announces , the group will also make their supporter list available to the Clinton campaign , allowing their operation to reach out and activate the supporters Ready for Hillary have cultivated across the country . As Ready for Hillary prepares to fade away , two other super PACs boosting Clinton are starting to ramp up . Priorities USA , the super PAC tasked with big money fundraising and ad buying , is in a place to step up the moment that Clinton declares her run . Although the group promised not to raise money for Clinton while other groups competed for donations around the 2014 midterms , organizers from Priorities have been meeting with big Democratic donors across the country and plan to contact those donors the instant Clinton announces . The group is currently "  sitting down and talking with donors " but not "  making direct asks until there is a candidate in place , " said a Priorities organizer . "  I think , once the sort of wheels are in motion , we will go back to the folks that we are meeting with and then there will be solid fundraising off that , " the source said . "  Once things really start to ramp up , that is when we get the checks in the door . " Representatives from Priorities USA , including strategist Paul Begala , executive director Buffy Wicks and the group 's financial adviser Jonathan Mantz , will speak at Friday 's event . Correct the Record , a communications and research outfit that has been operating for over a year , is another pro-Clinton super PAC gearing up to run side-by-side with a Clinton campaign . According to a source with knowledge of the group 's planning , Correct the Record plans on ramping up in the coming months and tapping into the research they have invested in for months . While the group will have a presence at the Ready for Hillary event -- founder David Brock will moderate a panel -- over three dozen Correct the Record donors will meet Friday in New York to discuss Clinton and the future . Brock , according to the source , will tell attendees that he has decided his group will continue through the 2016 election and will use their rapid response and research to push the message of the eventual Clinton campaign .	Leaders of pro-Hillary Clinton groups are meeting in New York City on Friday The super PAC Ready for Hillary is hosting the all day strategy session The groups are coordinating ahead of the former secretary of state 's likely run for president Some groups will wind down when Clinton announces and others will ramp up
CNN  -- Huma , please say it is n't so . That was the overwhelming sentiment of women I chatted with on Facebook , Twitter and over e-mail after I heard reports that Huma Abedin , wife of embattled New York City mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner , might partly blame herself for her husband 's return to sexting . An Abedin family member reportedly told People magazine that she blamed herself , in part , for ending couples counseling last year and focusing on her newborn son around the same time Weiner got back to his explicit digital contacts with women . I checked in with women around the country , most of whom I interviewed last week about Abedin 's decision to stick with her husband , to take their pulse . Weiner 's wife : Should Huma stand by her man ? "  What a sad thing to hear , that Huma blames herself , but it 's not so unusual , is it ? " said Jessica Dukes , a mom of two and freelance writer in Brooklyn , New York . "  When relationships hit the rocks , does n't everyone have those ` What did I do to deserve this ? ' thoughts . " Andrea Kristina says she knows exactly what Abedin is going through . She put up with her husband 's infidelities for years , she said , and that battered her self-worth . "  When a woman 's self-esteem is already low , and she is already so insecure , it is easy for a man like this to bend her thinking in a way that makes her feel as if she is the one who failed somehow , " the divorced mom of a teenager said . "  For so long , that 's how I felt . " Pam Selker Rak , a married public relations executive in Pittsburgh , said if she were Huma 's friend , she 'd tell her she feels terrible she is choosing to "  carry this burden on her own shoulders . " "  But this is not her burden to carry , " she said . "  Her husband is an adult who made choices , and those choices resulted in actions that have impacted his family , his career and even himself . " Sources : Huma Abedin considered leaving Weiner last fall Allison Kluger , a married mom of two in Palo Alto , California , believes Huma 's "  self-blame stance " is "  very generous . " "  I do n't really believe that she believes this , but she is very brave in voicing that a relationship -- all the ups and downs -- involve two people , " Kluger said . "  What saddens me , but does not make me think negatively of Huma , is that she seems to be making all the sacrifices to keep her family , her husband 's career and her career together . " It is not surprising and very common for women to blame themselves when a spouse or partner strays , says Dr. Thema Bryant-Davis , a Los Angeles-based psychologist and associate professor at Pepperdine University . Women in these situations , says Bryant-Davis , are looking for hope , power or control . "  If I acknowledge I am powerless to stop his behavior , that is very disheartening , " she said . "  If I can figure out what I did wrong , I can figure out how to fix it , and if you tell me that I did n't do anything wrong , then what do I do with that ? " Huma Abedin dines with Clinton spokesman Bryant-Davis also said it can be very hard for a woman such as Abedin , who has been very successful in her career and is not accustomed to "  losing . " "  It can be very disorienting to say how is it that in every other area of my life , I 've been able to achieve , and now in this area it looks like a failure , " she said , adding the best advice for women who are in Abedin 's shoes is to get individual counseling as well as couples therapy . Meg Watt , a married mom of two , says she knows plenty of people who have blamed themselves for their significant other 's choices , and that she was also guilty of it in a past relationship . "  But either you live in denial of reality or you eventually face the facts in the situation : she did n't make him seek something outside their marriage . He did that all on his own , " she said . We , as women , are wired to be fixers , Watt added . "  But the important thing is to realize that the only person who can ` fix ' infidelity is the one who chose to commit it . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Reports say Huma Abedin partly blames herself for Anthony Weiner 's return to sexting Women across the country say Abedin is not the one at fault Psychologists say women blame themselves because they feel helpless otherwise Experts say it 's hard for successful women to face failure in relationships
CNN  -- Andy Murray became the first member of the so-called Big Four in men 's tennis to flinch at the U.S. Open . He lost a set to Argentina 's Leonardo Mayer on Friday . But the defending men 's champion in New York had an easier time in sweltering conditions Sunday , dispatching German Florian Mayer 7-6 6-2 6-2 to move into the fourth round . Women 's defending champion Serena Williams progressed , too , defeating Sloane Stephens 6-4 6-1 in a rematch of their thriller at the Australian Open . Even though Murray 's serve was n't fully firing , he did n't get broken and struck 42 winners -- double his unforced error count . It was especially impressive given Mayer 's ability to throw off opponents with his change of pace and quirky forehand . Mayer , ranked as high as 18th and now the world No. 47 , needed to claim the opening set to have a chance of upsetting the Scot . Once Murray took it in a tiebreak , and convincingly , Mayer 's shoulders slumped and he proceeded to win four games the rest of the way . Murray was happy he did n't have to spend too long on court -- under two hours -- in the draining conditions . "  It cooled down a little bit towards the end but the first and second sets it was very hot , " he said in an interview on court afterwards . "  It was very tough conditions and he 's a very tricky opponent , " Murray continued . "  He plays strange shots and he takes your time away . It 's tough to get into a rhythm . "  I 'm really glad to come through in three sets . " Murray 's next foe is Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin , who topped steady Italian Andreas Seppi in five sets . Looking further ahead , Murray could meet the dangerous Tomas Berdych in the quarterfinals and the Czech had an even easier time than Murray on Sunday . Berdych conceded a mere five games to Frenchman Julien Benneteau . The 31-year-old Williams , bidding to become the oldest U.S. Open women 's winner in the Open era , captured eight of the last nine games to see off Stephens and book a spot in the quarterfinals . Stephens sent Williams packing in the quarterfinals at the Australian Open , although the latter was injured in the match , and some regard the 20-year-old as the future of American tennis . The pair were friends , fell out when Stephens criticized Williams but are now back on good terms . Williams next plays Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro , who upset Germany 's Angelique Kerber in a third-set tiebreak .	Andy Murray beats Germany 's Florian Mayer to reach the fourth round at the U.S. Open Murray did n't face a break point and hit more than 40 winners as he advanced in straight sets Tomas Berdych moved a step closer to meeting Murray after thumping Julien Benneteau Serena Williams crushes Sloane Stephens after Stephens upset the world No. 1 in Melbourne
CNN  -- Voters in Germany will go to the polls this weekend for the first time since the eurozone crisis left the single currency -- and much of the continent -- teetering on the brink of chaos . While the campaign has n't exactly set the world on fire -- voter apathy could prove a major issue -- what happens in ballot boxes across the nation Sunday has the potential to change the future of the euro , and of Europe . Who 's in the running ? Angela Merkel , the country 's current chancellor , is campaigning for a third term in office . Were she to win , she would be on course to overtake Margaret Thatcher as Europe 's longest-serving female political leader . Merkel , a physicist-turned-politician from the former East Germany , came to power in 2005 as leader of the Christian Democrats  CDU  , a center-right conservative party . Initially she served as Chancellor in a "  grand coalition " of politicians from both sides of the political spectrum ; in 2009 she won re-election at the head of a conservative coalition with the Free Democrats . Read more : Angela Merkel : Europe 's Mrs. Nein Her steady stewardship of the country through the eurozone crisis -- and her no-nonsense attitude to struggling members of the currency union -- has earned her both commendations and criticism abroad . And while she does have detractors at home , she remains Germany 's most popular politician by a long way -- according to the latest Transatlantic Trends report by the German Marshall Fund of the United States , two thirds of Germans approve of her handling of the eurozone crisis . Who is she up against ? Her major opponent is Social Democrat Peer Steinbrueck . Steinbrueck served as finance minister in Merkel 's first government , a grand coalition between the CDU and the left-leaning SPD , from 2005 to 2009 , overseeing the country 's bank rescue plan . Gaffe-prone Steinbrueck caused the biggest controversy of the 2013 campaign when a photograph of him gesturing with his middle finger graced the cover of a popular magazine . Merkel 's current coalition partners , the conservative Free Democrats  FDP  , are struggling to connect with voters -- polls suggest they may even fall below the 5 % minimum vote threshold and lose their place in Germany 's parliament , the Bundestag . Read more : Peer Steinbrueck stirring up German politics The other parties seeking electors ' votes include The Left  Die Linke  , headed by the charismatic Gregor Gysi and tipped to do well in the states of the former East Germany , and the Greens , who are ranking third in the latest opinion poll . Are there any newcomers on the scene ? Sunday will mark the national election debut of two new parties looking to shake up the German political scene : the Pirates Party and the Alternative for Germany  AfD  . All eyes will be on the ballot boxes to see whether they can secure the votes they need to win seats in the Bundestag . The AfD , founded in April 2013 , is made up of so-called "  euroskeptics , " opposed to the single European currency and to Germany 's role in the bailouts of several struggling eurozone nations , which they see as a waste of money the country can ill afford . Seen by many as a "  party of professors " the AfD currently has between 2 % and 4 % support , just short of the 5 % it would require to take up seats in parliament . However , political commentators have warned it could damage Merkel 's re-election hopes by splitting the conservative vote . Read more : Could euroskeptics spoil Merkel 's party ? The Pirates Party , inspired by a similar internet freedom movement in Sweden , was the surprise success story in last year 's regional elections in Berlin , securing almost 9 % of the vote ; however , polls suggest the party is unlikely to repeat its success in the capital on a federal level . With up to a third of German voters "  undecided " there are plenty of ballots still up for grabs . What are the big issues ? There 's just one , and to misquote Bill Clinton 's campaign strategists : It 's the economy , Dummkopf . Compared to many of its neighbours , Germany as a whole has continued to thrive throughout the eurozone crisis : it is the biggest economy in Europe , with a healthy manufacturing industry and the continent 's second lowest unemployment rate . However , not all of Germany 's citizens are feeling the benefit : large numbers of people are reliant on low-paid "  mini-jobs " which leave them struggling to make ends meet . The Social Democrats are calling for a national minimum wage to combat the problem of the "  working poor . " The SPD has also called for tax increases -- a proposal rejected by Merkel . Read more : Germany playing beggar-my-neighbor with eurozone ? How does voting work in Germany ? Germans get two votes , one for a local candidate , and one for a party . The Bundestag 's 622 seats are divided between the two , with 299 going to local candidates  under a first-past-the-post system  , and the remainder allotted to politicians from party lists , on a proportional representation basis . To enter parliament , each party must secure a minimum of 5 % of the vote to win seats in parliament . Votes given to parties that do not meet this threshold are redistributed amongst those who do . German politics is all about forging coalitions and alliances ; no single party has governed the nation alone since reunification . Who will win ? Until recently , the election looked like a slam-dunk for the popular Merkel and her allies . However , the Free Democrats ' dip in the polls puts the current coalition at risk . Should the FDP lose its place in the Bundestag -- a possibility if the fledgling AfD splinters the conservative vote -- Merkel would have to cement fresh alliances in order to remain chancellor . Read more : Is Merkel the most powerful female politician ? The CDU has ruled out linking up with the AfD -- despite their mutual conservatism , the AfD 's resolutely anti-euro stance contradicts the Christian Democrats ' policies . Instead Merkel could return to the "  grand coalition " days of 2005-2009 , working with the Social Democrats -- and Steinbrueck -- once more . Alternatively , should they perform well at the polls , the Social Democrats could seek to oust Merkel by forming a left-wing coalition with the Greens and The Left . Why should those outside Germany care ? Germany is Europe 's largest economy and its government has the leading voice in governing the Eurozone . If German voters decide to replace conservative Merkel with left-leaning Steinbrueck , the whole currency union could be affected . Steinbrueck is skeptical of Merkel 's austerity-focused policies and has said he would do more to encourage growth and investment . Although they disagree on economic policies , Steinbrueck has made it very clear that should he win the election , he would follow in Merkel 's footsteps by demanding all eurozone countries stick to "  sound fiscal discipline . " Read more : Ja , wir koennen ! Is German campaign too American ?	German voters will elect a new government Sunday Angela Merkel , of conservative Christian Democrats , seeking third term as chancellor Peer Steinbrueck , of center-left Social Democrats , looking to challenger her Election outcome has potential to change future direction of euro , Europe
CNN  -- Ca n't wait for the royal wedding ? Here 's your essential guide to Prince William and Kate Middleton 's big day . The couple may be keeping many details under wraps for now , but if it 's out there and it 's official , we 'll post it here to keep you in the know . The couple Prince William , second in line to the British throne , elder son of heir to the throne , Prince Charles and the late Diana , Princess of Wales , will marry Kate Middleton , daughter of Michael and Carole Middleton . Inside William and Kate 's St Andrews The couple met while studying at St Andrews University in Scotland . Prince William proposed in October 2010 in Kenya , with his mother 's diamond and sapphire engagement ring . Friends open up about Kate Middleton The ceremony The ceremony will take place at 11 a.m. on April 29 2011 at Westminster Abbey in London , England . It takes place at the following times around the world : 3 a.m. in Los Angeles 6 a.m. in New York 12 noon in Paris 2 p.m. in Abu Dhabi 6 p.m. in Hong Kong 8 p.m. in Sydney Unveiled blog : The latest on the ceremony The ceremony will probably last around an hour . Getting to the church The bride-to-be will travel to Westminster Abbey by car , rather than horse-drawn carriage as Diana , Princess of Wales did on her wedding day 30 years ago . Kate to ride to Abbey in Rolls Royce It 's likely Kate will leave from one of the London palaces or possibly an exclusive London hotel , while Prince William will start off from Clarence House , Prince William 's official residence , though these details are yet to be confirmed by the Prince 's office . The venue Westminster Abbey is over 700 years old and holds 2,200 people . It 's been the site of coronations since William I 's in 1066 . Westminster Abbey : In-depth profile Many royal weddings have taken place here , including current queen , Elizabeth II 's to Prince Philip in 1947 . The Abbey is considered a more modest , but fittingly grand , alternative to the larger St Paul 's Cathedral . Key players The Archbishop of Canterbury , Rowan Williams , will marry the couple . The Dean of Westminster will conduct the service . The Bishop of London , Richard Chartres , will give the address . He is a family friend of the Windsors and spoke at Diana , Princess of Wales 's memorial in 2007 . William has chosen his younger brother , Prince Harry , third in line to the throne , as best man . Kate 's sister Philippa , often known as Pippa , will be her maid of honor . There will be four younger bridesmaids and two younger page boys , including two of William 's godchildren . Who are the bridesmaids and page boys ? The music Two choirs , one orchestra , a fanfare team and trumpeters will play at the wedding : - The Choir of Westminster Abbey , formed of 20 boys and 12 professional singers . The Abbey 's sub-organist will play the organ . - The Chapel Royal Choir , formed of 10 boys and six professional singers . - The London Chamber Orchestra , the longest established professional chamber orchestra in the UK . Its 39 members will play from the organ loft in the Abbey . - The Fanfare Team from the Central Band of the Royal Air Force , which consists of seven players and their conductor . - The State Trumpeters of The Household Cavalry , eight trumpeters drawn from the Band of the Life Guards and the Band of the Blues and Royals . The guests Around 1,900 people have been invited to the main ceremony at Westminster Abbey , mainly made up of the couple 's friends and family . The other guests will be members of foreign royal families , heads of state , members of the army , navy and air force and around 80 regular joes from the charities Prince William supports . Check out the guest list ! Six hundred people have been invited to a lunchtime reception at Buckingham Palace hosted by The Queen . Just three hundred people have been asked to an exclusive dinner in the evening thrown by Charles , Prince of Wales . Wedding invitations stamped and sent The Swedish royal family has confirmed . The Japanese royal family has pulled out due to the devastating events in Japan . Bahraini crown prince to skip royal wedding The biggest snub so far is for Sarah Ferguson , ex-wife of Andrew , Duke of York , who has not been invited . Royal procession After the ceremony , the newlyweds will travel back to Buckingham Palace in a horse-drawn five-carriage procession , along a set route lined by fans and well-wishers . The route takes in some of London 's most historic places : Parliament Square , Whitehall , Horse Guards Parade and The Mall . Royal route : Interactive map William and Kate will likely use the 1902 State Landau , which Prince Charles and his first wife , the late Diana , Princess of Wales also used at their wedding . If it 's raining , the newlyweds will revert to the Glass Coach , which has a roof . The white-looking Windsor Greys , which are usually reserved for the Queen , will pull the newlyweds . Full details on the carriages The reception William 's grandmother , Queen Elizabeth , will host a reception at Buckingham Palace for the couple 's friends and family . Chefs prepare 10,000 canapes It 's traditional for the couple to make a public appearance on the balcony at Buckingham Palace before joining the reception . The whole world will be hoping for a romantic kiss from the newlyweds . Prince William chooses cake made from cookies ! Later on , William 's father , Prince Charles , will host a dinner for close friends and family at Buckingham Palace . Wedding gifts The couple have asked that members of the public who would like to give them a gift instead donate to charity . They have set up a dedicated website where donations can be made . Charities from Canada , the UK and Australia will benefit and include Oily Cart , New Zealand Government Christchurch Earthquake Appeal and Earthwatch . The honeymoon Clarence House has n't yet disclosed where the couple will honeymoon . Once back , they will live on Anglesey , Wales , where Prince William works as a Royal Air Force search and rescue helicopter pilot . What 's next The couple will go , on their first official trip , to Canada in June and visit Alberta , the Northwest Territories , Prince Edward Island , Quebec and the National Capital Region .	Royal Wedding explainer : The essentials for Kate Middleton and Prince William 's nuptials Everything from ceremony times around the world to a who 's who of the wedding party Need-to-know guide regularly updated with the latest news from the royal family
CNN  -- About to play Manchester United in the Champions League as the competition moves to its knockout phase , Real Madrid landed the first punch on their English rivals after the Spanish team became the first club in any sport to pass the $ 500 million  $ 650.5 million  revenue mark in a single year , according to the annual Football Money League table . United was left lagging in third place with revenues of $ 502.4 million , just under $ 111 million behind Real 's arch rivals Barcelona  $ 613 million  , as La Liga secured a one-two finish in a financial report produced by accountants Deloitte that does not take into account a club 's debt in its calculations . The Spanish giants ' dominance in the football finance stakes comes despite the perilous state of Spain 's economy , in recession since 2009 with unemployment currently hovering at around 25 % , according to the country 's labor ministry . Real , which has spent heavily in recent years in acquiring some of the world 's leading players such as Cristiano Ronaldo , Mesut Ozil and Angel Di Maria , won the domestic title last season and is chasing a record 10th title in the Champions League . It is not often that United -- who lead the English Premier League by five points -- finish in third , though a raft of recent financial deals could give next season 's Football League table a very different complexion . "  Manchester United continue to successfully leverage their global brand , " Austin Houlihan , Senior Manager in the Sports Business Group at Deloitte , said in a statement . "  The new world-record seven-year shirt sponsorship deal with General Motors will double the revenues the club receives from its shirt partner in the first season of the new deal in 2014/15 . "  This combined with new Premier League broadcast deals from 2013/14 , which will deliver incremental distributions of between # 20 million  $ 31.7 million  and # 30 million  $ 47.5 million  per club , will help Manchester United push the two Spanish clubs above them , for a top two ranking , " added Houlihan . "  Indeed the new Premier League deals could mean that half of the Money League top 20 are represented by English clubs in a few years ' time . " For the fifth year in a row the clubs the Money League 's top six clubs remained the same , with Bayern Munich in fourth , followed by Chelsea , with Arsenal in sixth . Revenue among the top 20 grew 10 % on the previous year to reach $ 6.37 billion . "  It is an impressive achievement for Real Madrid to have surpassed $ 500 million in revenue in a single year , " said Dan Jones , Partner in the Sports Business Group at Deloitte . "  Real has led the way in the phenomenal rate of revenue growth achieved by the game 's top clubs , with the double digit  10 %  increase by the top 20 clubs representing continued strong performance in these tough economic times . "  The combined revenues of the top 20 clubs have quadrupled since we began our analysis in 1996/97 . "  While eight of the top 20 clubs experienced a drop in revenue in 2011/12 , in most cases this was due to less successful on-pitch performances in European club competitions , rather than wider recessionary impacts . " English champions Manchester City is the joint highest climber after moving up to seventh in the table , while FIFA World Club champions Corinthians of Brazil are the highest placed non-European club with revenues of $ 123.7 million . The club 's Premier League title win and its participation in the Champions League saw a 51 % revenue growth to $ 452.6 million , the largest absolute and relative growth of any Money League club . "  The club 's progress to the top of the English and European game means that they are set to remain a top 10 Money League club for the foreseeable future , and will look to push on ahead of the two English clubs immediately above them in the Money League , Arsenal and Chelsea , for a top five ranking , " said Houlihan . There is also good news for German club Borussia Dortmund , up to 11th from 16th , while Italy 's Napoli climbed five places to 15th following its Champions League exploits last season . There is only one new entry into the top 20 which is Newcastle United , which replaces Spanish club Valencia . The English Premier League has seven representatives in the top 20 rankings , five of which come in the top ten . Fair play ? Football clubs seek to beat financial offside trap The likes of Everton , Aston Villa , Fulham and Sunderland are hovering just outside , but there is no doubt as to which club continues to dominate revenue within the EPL . Deloitte 's Football Money League list is based on a club 's revenue from match-day revenue , television broadcasting rights and commercial revenue . The need for clubs to maximize these three areas will become ever important with the introduction of financial fair play regulations by European governing body UEFA . The report does not take into account the amount of debt which has been accumulated by each club . According to an article published on the Real Madrid website on September 13 2012 , "  Net debt fell by 26.5 % totaling $ 124.7 million  $ 166 million  , i.e. $ 45 million less than in the previous period . " Meanwhile , a report on the Barcelona 's official website from June 2012 stated that the club had outstanding debts of $ 320 million  $ 426 million  . Manchester United 's gross debt fell to # 359.7 million  $ 569.6 million  in the three months to 30 September 2012 , down 17 % on a year earlier , according to widespread media reports . Facing the prospect of being punished with heavy fines and barred from European competition , they are desperate to make sure that generated revenues are equal or greater than expenditure .	Real Madrid tops Deloitte 's Football Money League table for eighth straight year Real becomes first sports club to ever pass $ 650.5 million revenue mark in single year Barcelona takes second place to record a Spain one-two with Manchester United in third United tipped to challenge for top spot in coming years by experts
CNN  -- A new study that surveyed racial attitudes suggests that racial prejudices could tip the balance in the upcoming presidential election . A poll finds a small percentage of voters said they may turn away from Sen. Barack Obama because of his race . If there were no racial prejudice among voters , Sen. Barack Obama would receive about 6 percentage points more support , according to an AP-Yahoo News poll , designed in partnership with Stanford University . The results suggest that 40 percent of white Americans hold at least a partly negative view toward blacks , including more than a third of white Democrats and independents . A small percentage of voters -- 2.5 percent of those surveyed -- said they may turn away from Obama because of his race . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey also indicates that race could play a big role in November . Asked if race would be a factor in their vote , 37 percent of respondents said yes . But of that group , many are Republicans who are not likely to vote for any Democrat , and some are Democrats who may vote for Obama because of his race . Of the 8 percent of Democrats who told CNN they plan to vote for Obama 's GOP rival , Sen. John McCain , half said race was a factor . The survey , conducted August 29-31 , questioned 1,031 people and has a sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . Experts point out that it 's hard to quantify racial prejudice because many people who hold prejudices are not going to admit to it . Watch how race could affect the election " "  The hardest thing in the world for pollsters to poll for , with the exception of sexual behavior , is racial attitudes and how it affects behavior , " said Walter Shapiro , Washington bureau chief for Salon.com . Shapiro said while people might say things differently off the record , racial issues can not easily be quantified . The pollsters for the AP/Yahoo survey used techniques that they thought would be more likely to lead to honest results -- such as conducting the poll online and using subtle methods and formulas to calculate racial attitudes . That study also suggests that the number of people who may turn away from Obama because of his race could be larger than what the margin of victory was in the 2004 election . Jeff Johnson , host of BET 's "  The Truth With Jeff Johnson , " said , "  I think there is a concern clearly about the number of people who will vote based on race . "  But I agree -- how you quantify that number , I think , is very difficult . " According to CNN 's average of recent national polls , Obama holds a lead of 5 percentage points over McCain . Johnson said one misconception is that racial prejudices are unique to conservatives or people in "  Middle America . " "  There are liberals also in many cases that are racist . I do n't think we know yet how it 's going to play out , " he said . In an interview that aired Sunday on CBS ' "  60 Minutes , " Obama said while some people might not vote for him because he is black , others might vote for him just because he is . "  Are there going to be some people who do n't vote for me because I 'm black ? Of course . There are probably some African-Americans who are voting for me because I 'm black or maybe others just inspired by the idea of breaking new ground , and so I think all that 's a wash , " he said . Democrats , however , typically get close to 90 percent of the African-American vote anyway . Salon.com 's Shapiro said Democrats can work on increasing turnout among black voters but that it will be hard to make gains on the percentages they already see . Johnson said he thinks race will matter , and the best way for Obama to balance out any negative effect is to just stay on message . "  I do n't know if I believe it 's going to be a wash . I think it 's going to matter . This race is extremely close , and so every single demographic and every single point is going to count , " he said . "  I think he has to speak to the issues of people in Middle America , and by that , it can counterbalance some of these racial issues . " The AP-Yahoo News poll surveyed 2,227 adults . It was conducted August 27-September 5 , and has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.1 percentage points .	Racial prejudices could cost Sen. Barack Obama 6 percentage points , poll suggests Poll : Forty percent of white Americans have at least a partly negative view of blacks Experts point out that it 's hard to quantify racial attitudes Democrats typically get close to 90 percent of the African-American vote
CNN  -- Celebrity chef Bobby Chinn has tried his hand at a number of things . Chinn 's face for television : Picking up his Asian TV Award in 2007 . English boarding school taught him that food could be an awful experience ; Wall Street taught him that creativity was more important than money and a stint as a stand-up comedian taught him that you ca n't always get it right . Half Chinese , half Egyptian , Chinn 's grandmothers were his first introduction to the variety and pleasure that food can bring . While his palate was subdued by the meals he was given at school in England when he was a boy , his meandering route to becoming a chef came some time after attaining a degree in Finance and Economics . Moving to New York after graduating he worked on Wall Street . "  You did n't produce anything at the end of a day and you did n't breathe fresh air , you did n't know what the weather was like outside because you were on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange . It 's like the dungeon of capitalism where time and money met , " he told CNN 's Talk Asia . Chinn escaped "  the dungeon " after a year and a half to the sunny climes of California , but it was n't to laze around . An addiction to high-octane and challenging environments saw Chinn explore the possibility of being a stand-up comic . "  I was always afraid to talk in front of the class and now I am trying to make them laugh " he told CNN . "  One day you are really funny and then you go to another gig the same night and nobody laughs and then at the same time you are living a life of poverty . When you are bombing as a comic I do n't think there can be a worse life . " While finding out the hard way how funny , or not , he was , Chinn was working front-of-house in restaurants , nurturing his love of food . His break came when Hubert Keller from San Francisco restaurant Fleur de Lys took him on as a volunteer in his kitchen . "  He gave me a job and after one week he said ` OK , you can stay . ' And then when you work with one really great chef , then I think you can work anywhere , " he said . After also training with chefs in France , Chinn made his own mark on the culinary world when he opened his first restaurant in Vietnam in 1995 , and at first found the going tough . "  Supplies were not consistent , the language barrier , the taste barrier , the hygiene barriers . Those are very taxing on a person like me with very little patience . " A high-energy chef and now a TV celebrity who presents "  World Café Asia " -- he won an Asian Television Award in 2007 -- Chinn is aware that being flavor of the month on TV is transitory . "  It is just a machine that feeds on people like me and then spits me out when my time is done . You just have to go with the flow . "	Half Chinese , half Egyptian , Chinn made his name as a chef in Vietnam Worked on Wall Street and as a stand-up comic before becoming a chef Has published cook books and has own cookery show called ` World Cafe Asia '
Rome  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI appointed six new cardinals in a special ceremony at St. Peter 's Basilica on Saturday , all of them from countries outside Europe . One of those elevated to the College of Cardinals was American Archbishop James M. Harvey , who currently serves as prefect of the papal household , according to Vatican Radio . The others were Bechara Boutros Rai , a Maronite patriarch from Lebanon ; Baselios Cleemis Thottunkal , an Indian archbishop and head of the Syro-Malankara Church ; Archbishop John Olorunfemi Onaiyekan of Abuja , Nigeria ; Archbishop Ruben Salazar Gomez of Bogota , Colombia ; and Archbishop Luis Antonio Tagle of Manila , Philippines . During the ceremony each received the traditional red hat , or "  biretta , " gold ring and a document with the name of the cardinal 's titular church in Rome . The red of the cardinals ' hats is viewed as symbolic of the ultimate sacrifice they would make if required , that is , shedding their blood for their faith . More religion news on CNN 's Belief blog The pontiff 's address focused on the diversity of the church and how it belongs to all the world 's peoples , according to Vatican Radio . "  What makes the Church Catholic is the fact that Christ in his saving mission embraces all humanity , " he is quoted as saying . "  Situated within the context and the perspective of the Church 's unity and universality is the College of Cardinals : it presents a variety of faces , because it expresses the face of the universal Church . " The College of Cardinals was established in 1150 . Its main role is to advise the pope and pick his successor . The new cardinals are all reportedly younger than 80 , meaning they could play a role in picking the next pope . Once a cardinal reaches 80 , he is no longer able to participate in the election of the pope or enter the secret conclave where cardinals gather when the time comes to select the next pope , typically upon the prior pope 's death . The pope appointed another 22 cardinals in February . Of those , a majority were European , with a handful from further afield . They included New York Archbishop Timothy Dolan , Baltimore Archbishop Edwin F. O'Brien and Toronto Archbishop Thomas Collins , as well as the Bishop of Hong Kong , John Tong Hon , and Major Archbishop George Alencherry from India . Pope 's book on Jesus challenges Christmas traditions Catholic Church ' 200 years behind , ' Cardinal says before death CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Six non-European cardinals are appointed in a ceremony at St. Peter 's Basilica American Archbishop James M. Harvey is among those elevated The cardinals ' main role is to advise the pope and pick his successor "  A variety of faces " in the College of Cardinals represents an inclusive church , pope says
CNN  -- Given their woeful defending of late you 'd think Manchester United fans would want a decent center back to come to the club not another star forward -- albeit one of the world 's best . After flying a banner of protest against the reign of former manager David Moyes last March , United fans have been at it again -- this time begging Cristiano Ronaldo to return to Old Trafford . During the first half of Real Madrid 's league match at Villarreal on Saturday , a Manchester United supporters club flew a banner over the Estadio El Madrigal reading : "  Come Home Ronaldo . " The stunt , organized by a supporters group calling themselves "  United Real , " adds to growing speculation about the future of the Portuguese who turns 30 next February . But Ronaldo was quick to dismiss rumors of a move . "  It 's all speculation , speaking about my future , " Ronaldo told Sky Sports . "  My future is Madrid . I 'm happy . The season is going well and I 'm not talking about my future , it does n't make sense . " Ronaldo spent six seasons at United from 2003-2009 before moving to Los Blancos for a then world record fee of Â # 80 million  $ 130 million  . Back down on the pitch , Ronaldo scored in a 2-0 win over Villarreal as Real Madrid carried on their recent good form in the league while in Manchester , United bounced back from their calamitous 5-3 defeat to Leicester last weekend with a 2-1 win against West Ham United .	Man Utd supporters group fly a banner pleading with Ronaldo to return to Old Trafford Banner flown over La Liga match between Villarreal and Real Madrid Ronaldo dismisses speculation about him leaving the Bernabeu
CNN  -- Molly Haskell will always have brotherly love for Ellen Hampton . After all , Hampton was once named John Cheves Haskell Jr. and used to be Haskell 's brother . Until 2005 , Hampton lived as John -- or , as his family called him , Chevey . That year , he told his sister he had been living with gender dysphoria , which the American Psychiatric Association defines as "  a marked incongruence between one 's experienced/expressed gender and assigned gender . " "  This was my 59-year-old brother , " Haskell said of the revelation in a phone interview . "  He had been this little boy , and all my memories had been of a male . It makes you revisit your whole past . " Haskell details the experience with a critical but compassionate eye in her latest book , "  My Brother My Sister . " At the time of the announcement , Chevey was married to a woman , Eleanor , and a loving stepdad to their two children . Hampton , now divorced , lives as a heterosexual female after gender reassignment and facial reconstruction surgeries , hormone therapy and a wardrobe overhaul . Haskell recently spoke to CNN about her own familial and emotional journey with her transgender sibling . The interview has been edited for clarity and brevity . CNN : You 've obviously come to terms with Ellen 's decision . What did it take on your part ? Haskell : First of all , I realized very soon that it 's very overwhelming . I knew I could never say ` do n't do this . ' My brother would have never hurt anyone , so it really told me how powerful the feeling was . Watching her go through it and evolve -- not only was she radiantly happy , but she was completely upfront with it . Seeing how she handled it -- she would talk about it if people wanted to -- showed me this was meant to be . CNN : Yet , you do candidly write about having unexpected anxiety about the news . Haskell : I was afraid for her . I was flabbergasted that this was going on . There was shock and apprehension . I had been all for more diversity , and challenging binary roles for male and female behavior , but it did n't somehow include my brother changing sexes . The one thing is that we are born male or female , and we need those boundaries to rub up against . I think one interesting thing a feminist said to me is that I seem to embrace these binary principles in the book . I do believe there is such a thing as a male and a female ; we need these dichotomies , like good and evil . We make these divides to keep our footing in the world . The sex we 're born is not immutable , and that is very hard to grasp . You ca n't really call her decision a choice . It 's too painful , too perilous , it has to be an urge that we do n't even have a word for . CNN : What was your takeaway from Ellen 's journey ? Haskell : I think a lot of people who are transsexual emphasize the strangeness of it all . For example , the director of "  The Matrix " Larry Wachowski , who is now Lana Wachowski , has this wild red hair . My sister is so not like that . This book is an attempt to "  unweird " the whole subject . I think it 's more unnerving to people when the person does just seem so normal , but I do think we have to remember that it 's not that many people . So much changes , but so much does n't change . You can take hormones to change this , have surgery to change that , but you ca n't change the voice , the hair , the love -- there is a core of self that does n't change . CNN : How has it been different to have a sister rather than a brother ? Haskell : It 's wonderful . It 's like I 've gotten two for the price of one . We have differences -- it takes so long for her to get dressed ! We 're just much closer than we 've ever been . It 's hard to say the change has n't made her happier . At first I thought I 'm really losing a brother . It was like a grief ; a death . But , her happiness is crucial . She 's more open , more gregarious . I think my mother would 've been very , very upset but , in a funny way , Ellen is the kind of person my mother wanted Chevey to be . CNN : How was it different at age 59 than it might have been earlier ? Haskell : I think the reason she did n't go through with it before is because there was no acceptance . Why is so much of this happening now ? Because it can . There is a word for it and there are people doing it . This submerged desire finally had a means of being liberated . CNN : Having Ellen in your life took some adjusting , even in small areas like the correct language , right ? Haskell : The first time we went out in public , I was very self-conscious and nervous . We went to dinner at an upscale restaurant and the waiter asked how we liked our food . I said , "  Mine is good , but his is fabulous . " She  Ellen  smirked and I smirked . I would often call her Chevey by mistake when it was just the two of us . And on the phone , the voice is a huge thing that is not improvable . There is no good surgery . When she gets on the phone , I would see her as Chevey , my brother . Recently , though , I 've stopped doing that . It 's automatically Ellen . CNN : Ellen initially did n't want you to write the book , but then she changed her mind . Why ? Haskell : She wished she had this book when she was struggling with it . I wanted it to be her book as much as my book . I think of it as a partnership . Read an excerpt from "  My Brother My Sister . "	Molly Haskell recounts her brother 's transformation into a woman in her new memoir Ellen Hampton , formerly John "  Chevey " Haskell , came out as transgender at age 59 Hampton had facial reconstruction and gender reassignment surgery Haskell says there was emotional fallout , but their relationship stayed close
CNN  -- Prince Philip received a birthday visit on Monday from his wife , Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , as he recovered from abdominal surgery at a London hospital . A Buckingham Palace spokesman said Philip , who turned 92 , was "  comfortable and in good spirits . " The visit lasted about an hour . The Duke of Edinburgh was admitted to the hospital on Thursday and is expected to stay there for up to two weeks , according to the palace statement . After that , he likely will convalesce for two months . The surgery took place Friday , the palace said . It went as planned and Philip is "  progressing satisfactorily . " Prince Philip : The man behind the queen Philip left Greece a year after he was born there , following the 1922 overthrow of his uncle King Constantine I. Despite his roots , he has a mixed ancestry and , like his wife , is a great-great-grandchild of Britain 's Queen Victoria . A Royal Navy veteran , he met Elizabeth in 1939 and married her in November 1947 . They have four children . In addition to his royal and military duties , Philip has served as president of the World Wildlife Fund and the International Equestrian Foundation . Philip has had a number of documented health problems in recent years , including treatment for a blocked coronary artery in December 2011 and a hospitalization in June 2012 for a bladder infection . He was admitted again to a hospital -- this time in Scotland -- for treatment of the latter ailment two months later . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Britain 's Prince Philip turned 92 on Monday A palace spokesman said he was doing well after abdominal surgery He 's been hospitalized several times recently , including for bladder infections
CNN  -- Australian authorities say that ISIS leaders ordered followers to behead someone on Australian soil as a "  demonstration killing . " Prosecutors say they uncovered a plot that was "  clearly designed to shock and horrify " the public . Now that President Barack Obama has announced the United States will seek to degrade and destroy ISIS , should Americans worry they will become targets for similar plots from this ruthless terrorist group ? ISIS has worked diligently to taunt the U.S. and its allies . The alleged plot in Australia , which triggered that country 's largest ever anti-terrorist dragnet , is only the most recent example . Even before ISIS became well-known , British soldier Lee Rigby was butchered in a London street last year . There is a real possibility that Americans , too , will face the threat of such "  demonstration killings " on U.S. soil . The news from Australia comes on the heels of recent videotaped decapitations of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff . The ISIS killer mocks the American President and addresses him personally in the Sotloff video : "  I 'm back , Obama . ... I remember a time you could not win an election without promising to bring out troops back home from Iraq and Afghanistan . " The militant claims to want an end to American missile strikes against the group . But everything ISIS does seems to indicate the opposite . It 's hard not to escape the impression that ISIS wants to be attacked by the United States , by its Western allies and by the rest of the world . Killing Americans and broadcasting their beheadings ; slaying a British citizen the same way ; calling for the deaths of Australians in the streets of Sidney -- these all seem designed to stoke fury in the West against the Islamist extremists . Is ISIS on a suicide mission ? Not really . ISIS wants the United States to join in the fight . But that does not mean the U.S. should ignore the threat . Obama should deal with ISIS carefully . The group is extremely dangerous and allowing it to continue scoring victories would be disastrous . Still , ISIS efforts to draw America into its vortex are telling . ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi believes he has much to gain by turning this into a war between his forces -- whom he perceives as representatives of Islam -- and the United States , the most powerful military force in the world . Washington is trying to enlist a wide-ranging coalition to fight against ISIS , and it is enlisting other Muslim-majority Arab states to participate . It is crucial that ISIS not be allowed to portray this battle as a war pitting Muslims against non-Muslims . It is a fight between a blood-thirsty extremist organization that embraces a brutal interpretation of Islam against those who disagree with ISIS ' goals , methods and ideology . The United States is the country with the power to tip the scales , but it is hardly ISIS ' main enemy . As a former ISIS fighter told CNN , "  The main and principal goal of the Islamic State that they tell their new members is to establish an Islamic state that will encompass the Arab world , " he said . "  And after that , we go to other countries . " For al-Baghdadi , fighting America and its coalition of 40 countries is a badge of honor , a powerful recruiting tool . It is proof that he and his organization have become the leaders of global jihad , toppling al Qaeda , their rival in that contest . ISIS was once part of al Qaeda  it was once called al Qaeda in Iraq  , but its tactics proved too extreme even for the perpetrators of 9/11 , which predicted public beheadings of Muslims would turn other Muslims against the group . Now ISIS has become more powerful than al Qaeda . Al-Baghdadi has conquered more than Osama bin Laden dared to dream he might do in his lifetime . But that does not mean al-Baghdadi did not learn from his former leader . As bin Laden explained , "  When people see a strong horse , by nature they will like the strong horse . " Nothing makes for a stronger horse , a more powerful draw in the world of jihad , than fighting America . Until now , ISIS has achieved enormous victories , adding to its allure , but these are likely inebriating the group with the poisonous brew of hubris . ISIS has scored battlefield victories against Syrian government forces , rival Syrian opposition fighters , the Iraqi military and even the storied Kurdish Peshmerga militias . By now , al-Baghdadi and his men may be feeling invincible . They may believe they have all the power of God on their side . This is where hubris comes in . This is where they risk overplaying their hand . The killings of Foley and Sotloff already jolted the American public and their war-weary president out of the all-pervasive post-Iraq War opposition to entering a new conflict in the Middle East . ISIS is a threat that can not be ignored . ISIS ' atrocities in Syria , along with all the killing in that country , were receiving little attention until the Syrian civil war boiled over into Iraq , and ISIS swept across the border it says does not exist . Now that al-Baghdadi and his men have started challenging and defying the West , they have finally captured attention beyond the Middle East . With every step they have taken beyond Syria , with every move closer to American , British , Australian or European interests , they have given new impetus to international involvement . Even Obama , the most reluctant of commanders in chief , has decided to act . For three years , Obama had resisted calls to arm Syrian rebels despite some 200,000 killed in that country 's civil war . ISIS has suddenly changed that equation with its sweep in Iraq , endangering America 's friends , the Kurds , threatening genocide against the Yazidis and then ostentatiously killing American citizens . According to Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , officials had firm evidence that an attack on a "  random " Australian citizen was in the works . "  This is not just suspicion , " he said . The Australian people "  are at serious risk from a terrorist attack . " In al-Baghdadi 's calculus , an attack on Australians -- or any Westerners -- would produce propaganda and recruiting gains . ISIS is gambling that drawing America and the West into the fight will make it stronger , but if the West is strategic and smart , this move will prove to be ISIS ' worst mistake .	Authorities uncover suspected ISIS plot to behead someone in Australia to shock the public Frida Ghitis : ISIS works diligently to taunt the U.S. and its allies She says ISIS wants to turn the conflict into war between Islam and the West Ghitis : The U.S. and West must be strategic and smart in dealing with the brutal ISIS
CNN  -- Psychedelic album covers . Break-dancing music videos . Rockers with mullet haircuts . George Harrison in 1971 during one of two concerts he staged at Madison Square Garden in New York to bring attention to the plight of the Bangladeshi people . Now there soon may be another entry added to the list of obsolete pop music trends : the all-star , mega-benefit concert . Remember the days of Live Aid and last year 's Live Earth concert ? Those events may be going the way of chain record stores . Music industry insiders say that big-name benefit concerts are being pushed aside by the rise of the Internet . "  The days of Live Aid and the Concert for Bangladesh are becoming relics of the past , " says Keith Clifton , an associate professor of musicology at Central Michigan University in Mount Pleasant , Michigan . "  It would n't surprise me that one day we could have YouTube charity events being broadcast on the Web . " When the music industry celebrates the Grammy Awards Sunday night , one of the night 's subplots will be the Internet 's troubling impact on record sales . Few have paid attention to another trend : more musicians are going online rather than onstage for their charitable work . The English rock group Radiohead recently made news when members decided to sell their music directly to their fans . Musicians are going online with their favorite charities for a similar reason -- they want to appeal directly to their fan base , music commentators say . Popular artists such as Madonna , R&B pianist John Legend and country singer Clay Walker are leading the way . Each prominently promotes their favorite charity through their official Web site . "  It 's not that we do n't see the power in some of the bigger concerts , " says David Murphy , a bassist for STS9 , an "  electronic jam band " from Santa Cruz , California , that highlights 14 charities on its Web site . Watch STS9 talk about their music " "  But we feel that there 's more power and change for ourselves when we have some direct contact with the charities we 're working with . " There 's also less chance for bad press . Benefit concerts can backfire . Several have drawn more bad press than good , says Clifton , the music critic . "  The biggest criticism is that the money earned does not make it to the people who need it , " he says . Some musicians try to sidestep that criticism by creating their own charity instead of allowing concert organizers to pick one for them . Walker , the country music singer , created a charity called BAMS  Band Against MS  after he was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1996 . Walker , who has four platinum-selling albums , says he was inspired to take more control over his charitable endeavors after hearing complaints about some concerts to benefit victms of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . "  I was hearing these families who had lost loved ones in 9/11 say , ` Where 's the money ? ' " Walker says . "  That raised a red flag . " Rock band 3 Doors Down says it made good business and moral sense to form their own charity . The Mississippi band created The Better Life Foundation to raise money for children and young adults with special needs . "  If you donate to a charity , who knows what the charity is going to be known for , " says guitarist Chris Henderson . "  With the Better Life Foundation , we have 100 percent control . " Despite their imprint on popular culture , there was never a golden age for benefit concerts . They attracted criticism from the very beginning . One of the first massive benefit concerts was the 1971 Concert for Bangladesh . The concert was organized by Beatles guitarist George Harrison to raise money for refugees in the South Asian country . The Madison Square Garden concert was a musical success . It featured an all-star lineup of musicians , including Bob Dylan , Eric Clapton and Billy Preston . One of the most memorable images from the concert came when the late Preston , dubbed the "  Fifth Beatle , " became so carried away by the music that he began dancing on stage . But the organizers were n't dancing off-stage . According to the Associated Press and Time magazine , allegations over missing funds surfaced . The IRS and lawyers had to be called in to resolve disputes . Other problems cropped up in subsequent benefit concerts . Rachel Weingarten , a pop culture critic and a co-producer of benefit concerts , says some of the concerts eventually became known as "  Ego-Fests " because of the back-stage demands of some performers . Critics wondered if some benefit participants were feeding their egos more than needy people . The legendary record producer Quincy Jones reputedly warned performers before the "  We Are the World " recording session to "  check your egos at the door . " Benefit concert critics also said that some performers were using human misery to bolster their own image . "  You 'd have musicians tearing up hotel rooms and their agent says , ` You know what ? Let 's get you some brownie points , ' " Weingarten says . The last major benefit concert , Live Earth , could n't escape bad publicity either . The event was a series of global concerts designed to raise awareness of global warming . But the concerts gained plenty of attention for back-stage drama . Critics said the logistics and private jet travel required to stage the concerts damaged the environment more than helping it . One dubbed the concerts "  Private Jets for Climate Change . " Others accused organizer Nobel Peace Prize winner Al Gore of staging the event as a promotional vehicle for a planned presidential run . The event 's worldwide television ratings tanked . Benefit concerts are now rich subjects for parody . Two animated shows , "  South Park " and "  The Simpsons , " have skewered them . Still , the impulse that drove musicians to first stage the Concert for Bangladesh more than 30 years ago remains . It 's now normal for bands to join with charities . STS9 , the electronic jam band from California , appears to devote as much energy to giving back as playing music . The group organizes food drives , registers voters and donates portions of its concert proceeds to charities . The group even splits up its charitable donations among local , national and international groups . David Murphy , the group 's bassist , says his band wants to inspire people through their giving as much as their music . "  We 're poor musicians , but we do what we can , " he says . "  We 're trying to as much as we can so that everyone will jump on that train . " E-mail to a friend	The Internet is changing the way musicians use charities Musicians say massive benefit concerts are losing their appeal Music stars such as Madonna and John Legend are leading change
New York  CNN  -- Beyond the unhealthy influence that our demand for factory-farmed meat has in the area of food-borne illness and communicable diseases , we could cite many other influences on public health , most obviously the now-widely recognized relationship between the nation 's major killers -- heart disease , No. 1 ; cancer , No. 2 ; and stroke , No. 3 -- and meat consumption . Or , much less obviously , the distorting influence of the meat industry on the information about nutrition we receive from the government and medical professionals . In 1917 , while World War I devastated Europe and just before the Spanish flu devastated the world , a group of women , in part motivated to make maximal use of America 's food resources during wartime , founded what is now the nation 's premier group of food and nutrition professionals , the American Dietetic Association . Since the 1990s , the group has issued what has become the standard we-definitely-know-this-much summary of the healthfulness of a vegetarian diet . The association takes a conservative stand , leaving out many well-documented health benefits attributable to reducing the consumption of animal products . Here are the three key sentences from the summary of the relevant scientific literature . One : Well-planned vegetarian diets are appropriate for all individuals during all stages of the life cycle , including pregnancy , lactation , infancy , childhood and adolescence , and for athletes . Two : Vegetarian diets tend to be lower in saturated fat and cholesterol , and have higher levels of dietary fiber , magnesium and potassium , vitamins C and E , folate , carotenoids , flavonoids and other phytochemicals . Three : Vegetarians and vegans , including those who are athletes , "  meet and exceed requirements " for protein , the paper notes elsewhere . And , to render the whole we-should-worry-about-getting-enough-protein-and-therefore-eat-meat idea even more useless , other data suggest that excess animal protein intake is linked with osteoporosis , kidney disease , calcium stones in the urinary tract and some cancers . Despite some persistent confusion , it is clear that vegetarians and vegans tend to have more optimal protein consumption than omnivores . Finally , we have the really important news , based not on speculation , however well-grounded in basic science such speculation might be , but on the definitive gold standard of nutritional research : studies on actual human populations . "  Vegetarian diets are often associated with a number of health advantages , including lower blood cholesterol levels , lower risk of heart disease "  which alone accounts for more than 25 percent of all annual deaths in the nation  , "  lower blood pressure levels , and lower risk of hypertension and type 2 diabetes . Vegetarians tend to have a lower body mass index "  that is , they are not as fat  "  and lower overall cancer rates "  cancers account for nearly another 25 percent of all annual deaths in the nation  . If it 's sometimes hard to believe that eschewing animal products will make it easier to eat healthfully , there is a reason : We are constantly lied to about nutrition . Let me be precise . When I say we are being lied to , I 'm not impugning the scientific literature but relying upon it . What the public learns of the scientific data on nutrition and health , especially from the government 's nutritional guidelines , comes to us by way of many hands . From the start , those who produce meat have made sure that they are among those who influence how nutritional data will be presented to the likes of you and me . Consider , for example , the National Dairy Council , a marketing arm of Dairy Management Inc. , an industry body whose sole purpose , according to its Web site , is to "  drive increased sales of and demand for U.S. dairy products . " The council promotes dairy consumption without regard for negative public-health consequences and even markets dairy to communities incapable of digesting the stuff . As it is a trade group , the dairy council 's behavior is at least understandable . What is hard to comprehend is why educators and government have , since the 1950s , allowed the dairy council to become arguably the largest and most important supplier of nutritional-education materials in the nation . Worse , our present federal "  nutritional " guidelines come to us from the U.S. Department of Agriculture , the very same government department that has worked so hard to make factory farming the norm in America . The USDA has a monopoly on the most important advertising space in the nation , those little nutritional boxes we find on virtually everything we eat . Founded the same year that the American Dietetic Association opened its offices , the USDA was charged with providing nutritional information to the nation and ultimately with creating guidelines that would serve public health . At the same time , though , the USDA was charged with promoting industry . The conflict of interest is not subtle : Our nation gets its federally endorsed nutritional information from an agency that must support the food industry , which today means supporting factory farms . The details of misinformation that dribble into our lives  like fears about "  enough protein "  follow naturally from this fact and have been reflected upon in detail by writers like Marion Nestle . As a public-health expert , Nestle has worked extensively with government -- on "  The Surgeon General 's Report on Nutrition and Health , " for one -- and has had decades of interaction with the food industry . In many ways , her conclusions confirm what we already expected , but the insider 's perspective she brings has lent a new clarity to the picture of just how much influence the food industry , especially animal agriculture , has on national nutrition policy . She argues that food companies , like cigarette companies , will say and do whatever works to sell products . They will "  lobby Congress to eliminate regulations perceived as unfavorable ; they press federal regulatory agencies not to enforce such regulations ; and when they do n't like regulatory decisions , they file lawsuits . Like cigarette companies , food companies co-opt food and nutrition experts by supporting professional organizations and research , and they expand sales by marketing directly to children . " Regarding U.S. government recommendations that tend to encourage dairy consumption in the name of preventing osteoporosis , Nestle notes that in parts of the world where milk is not a staple of the diet , people often have less osteoporosis and fewer bone fractures than Americans do . The highest rates of osteoporosis are seen in countries where people consume the most dairy foods . In a striking example of food industry influence , Nestle argues that the USDA has an informal policy to avoid saying that we should "  eat less " of any food , no matter how damaging its health impact may be . Thus , instead of saying "  eat less meat , " which might be helpful , it advises us to "  keep fat intake to less than 30 percent of total calories , " which is obscure to say the least . The institution we have put in charge of telling us when foods are dangerous has a policy of not  directly  telling us when foods , especially if they are animal products , are dangerous . We have let the food industry craft our national nutrition policy , which influences everything from what foods are stocked in the health-food aisle at the local grocery store to what our children eat at school . In the National School Lunch Program , for example , more than half a billion of our tax dollars are given to the dairy , beef , egg and poultry industries to provide animal products to children , despite the fact that nutritional data would suggest we should reduce these foods in our diets . Meanwhile , a modest $ 161 million is offered to buy fruits and vegetables that even the USDA admits we should eat more of . Would n't it make more sense and be more ethical for the National Institutes of Health , an organization specializing in human health and having nothing to gain beyond it , to have this responsibility ? The global implications of the growth of the factory farm , especially given the problems of food-borne illness , antimicrobial resistance and potential pandemics , are genuinely terrifying . India 's and China 's poultry industries have grown somewhere between 5 and 13 percent annually since the 1980s . If India and China started to eat poultry in the same quantities as Americans -- 27 to 28 birds annually -- they alone would consume as many chickens as the entire world does today . If the world followed America 's lead , it would consume more than 165 billion chickens annually , even without an increase in population . And then what ? Two hundred billion ? Five hundred ? Will the cages stack higher or grow smaller or both ? On what date will we accept the loss of antibiotics as a tool to prevent human suffering ? How many days of the week will our grandchildren be ill ? Where does it end ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Safran Foer .	Safran Foer : Food industry influences what stores stock , what schoolchildren eat USDA charged with creating nutritional guidelines and promoting industry Expert : Food industry , like cigarette industry , says anything to sell products Nation 's premier group of nutrition experts supports vegetarianism , he says
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama called Monday for Congress to pass education reforms by the time students return to school next fall , telling a Virginia middle school that fixing problems in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act -- more commonly known as "  No Child Left Behind " -- should be a top priority . "  In the 21st century , it 's not enough to leave no child behind . We need to help every child get ahead , " Obama said , urging Congress "  to send me an education reform bill I can sign into law before the next school year begins . " Mindful of the budget debate currently enveloping Washington , Obama insisted that education funding must remain robust because it is vital to the nation 's future success . "  We can not cut education , " Obama said , noting that families facing tough times cut back on vacation or movies or eating out , rather than dipping into savings for a child 's college tuition . "  A budget that sacrifices our children 's education will be a budget that sacrifices our country 's future , " he said . The Elementary and Secondary Education Act was originally passed in 1965 and requires periodic reauthorization . The current version of the law , which was passed on a bipartisan basis in 2002 , requires states to set higher standards and to have greater accountability through standardized testing . Education Secretary Arne Duncan issued a dire prediction Sunday afternoon during a conference call with reporters , saying that if "  No Child Left Behind " is n't reformed , four out of five schools wo n't meet the law 's standards . "  Under the current law , it 's one size fits all , " Duncan said . "  We need to fix this law now so we can close the achievement gap . " The administration , which has been meeting with congressional leaders to hash out changes before any reauthorization vote , believes current law is too punitive and has led to a too-narrow curriculum and lower standards . A pair of House Republicans agree . "  Although we have our different approaches , everyone agrees the current law is broken and in need of repair . The status quo is failing both students and taxpayers , " Reps. John Kline , R-Minnesota , and Duncan Hunter , R-California , said in a joint statement last week . "  No one disagrees on the importance of education , " Duncan said Sunday . "  For the most part , we 've been largely aligned with leaders on both sides of the aisle , but we need to come together and do the right thing for our children . " For Obama , that means increasing the incentive-based concept of his "  Race to the Top " program that offers extra funding for states that show home-grown education reforms are improving performance . He proposed expanding "  Race to the Top " to let local school districts apply , and said reforming "  No Child Left Behind " should build on the program 's goals . The president made a point of promoting the importance of teachers , calling for them to get more pay and respect as valued assets in the nation 's future success . He made no mention of the new Wisconsin law that stripped some collective bargaining benefits from teachers and other public employees , but his enthusiastic promotion of teachers prompted applause and cheers of support . Obama spoke at Kenmore Middle School in Arlington , Virginia . The arts and communications magnet school has incorporated technology in many areas of its curriculum . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	NEW : President Obama urges more respect and more pay for teachers NEW : Obama opposes cutting education spending , as proposed by Repubicans NEW : Obama tells students at a Virginia middle school that their education is a priority Members of Congress are divided on how to reform the act
CNN  -- The secrecy surrounding "  Man of Steel , " due June 14 , is pretty extraordinary , but composer Hans Zimmer was able to give CNN a glimpse of what to expect when we caught up with him this week regarding the score he did for "  The Bible . " Asked if the two projects had anything in common , since both involve a savior figure  Jesus , Kal-el  sent by his father to Earth , Zimmer laughed and said , "  Yes . Yes is the answer . Once you see Superman , you 'll see how close you are with your question . " "  Both stories are passions , " Zimmer continued , "  about a struggle to do the right thing . For Superman , it was a really simple question for me . What does it take to become a good man ? To be good ? And what does that mean in our more and more complex society ? Do any of these values still resonate with us ? " Zimmer said he came to this understanding about director Zack Snyder 's take on Superman  which reboots the series , instead of coming in at a later point a la "  Superman Returns "  because he was questioning how he would score the film and not remind audiences of John Williams ' iconic fanfare theme . "  Look , that was daunting , " Zimmer confessed . "  Seriously . He 's the greatest film composer out there , without a doubt , and it happens to be one of his iconic pieces of music , so I spent three months just procrastinating and not even getting a start on the thing , because I was so intimidated : ` Oh my God , I 'm following in John Williams ' footsteps . ' " His way around this , he said , was to look at the Superman story in a "  very different way . " "  I kept thinking of the story as , What if you are extraordinary , and your entire ambition is to join humanity ? To become human ? What does it mean to become human ? What does it mean to be an outsider who really wants to join the human race ? " "  Man of Steel , " which replaces Brandon Routh with Henry Cavill , is the origin story of Superman , starting with a young Clark Kent discovering that he has extraordinary powers and is not from planet Earth . As he grows up , he learns where he came from and what he was sent to this planet to do , as he becomes a symbol of hope for humanity . The film also stars Russell Crowe as Jor-el  Kal-el 's birth father on Krypton  , Diane Lane and Kevin Costner as Martha and Jonathan Kent  his adoptive parents  , Michael Shannon as General Zod  so expect some trouble there  , Laurence Fishburne as Daily Planet editor Perry White , and Amy Adams as reporter/love interest Lois Lane .  "  She 's fun and sassy , in control , getting into trouble , and always looking for a headline ! " Adams enthused earlier  . While it remains to be confirmed , the latest rumor is that Mackenzie Gray is playing Lex Luthor , although he does n't appear in the trailer . Coming off three Dark Knight films directed by Christopher Nolan  "  Batman Begins , " "  The Dark Knight , " and "  The Dark Knight Rises "  , Zimmer also did n't want to do "  another really dark " superhero movie . "  Everything 's tinged with irony and sarcasm and bitterness and darkness these days , " he said . But this Superman is something lighter , he said , "  celebrating everything that was good and fine about America , " such as small towns "  where people do n't lock their doors , neighbors get together , and families are families . " "  What was important for Superman was the simple fact that none of us pay much attention to the Midwest , " Zimmer said . "  I know America mainly by the big cities , but if you go into the Midwest , there is a people there and there is a country there . And I thought it was important that the decent folk , simple folk be the heart of the story , and a character who is guileless , who is n't complicated in the sort of flawed way our Dark Knight is , and is n't political in any way . He 's just striving to become a better part of humanity . " This perspective on Superman , the German-born composer said , is something that he came by in part because he 's a foreigner . "  I think partly what we foreigners are good at is looking at America , not in a judgmental way , but wide-eyed , and seeing the things you take for granted and presenting them in a new way , " he added . "  Like for ` Thelma and Louise ' and the Grand Canyon , most American kids would n't want to go there for their holiday , but to us it 's a magical , magnificent place . " Sonically , this treatment of America comes across via a grouping of pedal steel guitars  instead of the usual string section  , banging titanium and steel sculptures , and organizing "  a who 's who of drummers " in a 12-member drum circle , including Jason Bonham , Sheila E. and Pharrell Williams . "  The great thing about Superman is that everybody loves Superman , " Zimmer said with a laugh . "  It 's very easy making the call and saying , ` Hey , can you come ? ' I remember phoning Pharrell and him saying , ` I 'm right in the middle of producing the Beyonce album in Miami . ' ` Jason Bonham 's in Miami , and he 's getting on a plane ! ' Next morning , there 's Pharrell , looking a little bleary-eyed . " As a producer on "  Man of Steel , " Nolan , who also collaborated on the story , initially acted as a sounding board for some of Zimmer 's ideas  "  getting rid of my demons , " as he put it  but soon stepped aside so he would n't be "  a mistress in the mix " between Zimmer and director Zack Snyder , especially since Zimmer 's involvement in the whole project stemmed from a misunderstanding in the first place . "  A journalist asked me  at an ` Inception ' party  if I was going to do Superman , and I had n't even heard of it , so I went , ` Absolutely no way , ' " Zimmer said . "  Somehow in the noise of that party , that got misconstrued as ` Absolutely Hans is doing it . ' It was all over the Internet that I was doing Superman , and I 'd never even met Zack ! So I phoned him up , ` I 'm really sorry , this was n't my doing , this is a misunderstanding . ' And he said , ` Oh ! It 's great that you phoned . Maybe we should meet and talk . ' " So they did , and Nolan urged Zimmer to sign up . "  I remember him going , ` Of course you can do it . What 's the big deal ? I did Batman . ' And I said , ` Excuse me , you went to Warner Bros. with an idea of how you were going to do Batman , and you 're saying I 'm supposed to do Superman , but I do n't have the idea in my head . ' I have to sneak up on it ! " And with Snyder , now he has .	Composer Hans Zimmer scored the upcoming Superman movie , "  Man of Steel . " He says following in the footsteps of John Williams ' iconic fanfare theme was intimidating He says the new music celebrates "  everything that was good and fine about America . "
CNN  Like phone booths and typewriters , record stores are a vanishing breed -- another victim of the digital age . Camelot Music . Virgin Megastores . Wherehouse Music . Tower Records . All of them gone . Corporate America has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing to a scattering of independent stores , many of them in scruffy urban neighborhoods . And that 's not necessarily a bad thing . Yes , it 's harder in the Spotify era to find a place to go buy physical music . But many of the remaining record stores are succeeding -- even thriving -- by catering to a passionate core of customers and collectors . On Saturday , hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day , an annual celebration of , well , your neighborhood record store . Many stores will host live performances , drawings , book signings , special sales of rare or autographed vinyl and other happenings . Some will even serve beer . To their diehard customers , these places are more than mere stores : They are cultural institutions that celebrate music history  the entire Duran Duran oeuvre , all in one place !  , display artifacts  Aretha Franklin on vinyl !  , and nurture the local music scene  hey , here 's a CD by your brother 's metal band !  . They also employ knowledgeable clerks who will be happy to debate the relative merits of "  Blood on the Tracks " and "  Blonde on Blonde . " Or maybe , like Jack Black in "  High Fidelity , " just mock your lousy taste in music . So if you 're a music geek , drop by . But you might think twice before asking if they stock "  I Just Called to Say I Love You . "	Saturday is Record Store Day , celebrated at music stores around the world Many stores will host live performances , drawings and special sales of rare vinyl
CNN  -- The evidence gathered after Tony Stewart 's race car struck and killed another driver who was walking on the track will be given soon to a grand jury , a district attorney in upstate New York announced Tuesday . Michael Tantillo , the Ontario County District Attorney , said the matter will be presented in the "  near future . " He said New York law precludes him from specifying when the grand jury will meet to decide whether Stewart should be indicted on a criminal charge . He also did n't say who he will call as witnesses , but Stewart might be asked to testify . Last week , the Ontario County Office of Sheriff announced it had finished its investigation into the death of Kevin Ward Jr. , who died from his injuries after he was struck by a race car driven by Stewart during a spring car race in August . Stewart , a three-time NASCAR top series champion , was driving a dirt-track car when the right rear tire hit Ward , who was walking on the track during an Empire Super Sprints series race August 9 in Canandaigua , New York . Ward , 20 , died of massive blunt trauma before paramedics could get him to a hospital . "  I respect the time and effort spent by both the Ontario County District Attorney and the sheriff 's office in investigating this tragic accident , " Stewart said in a statement . "  I look forward to this process being completed , and I will continue to provide my full cooperation . " One of the pieces of evidence gathered during the investigation was a forensic video enhancement done by the New York State Police Laboratory . There were at least two videos of the incident that police have obtained , but the release did n't say what the lab used for the enhancement . One of the videos from that night at the Canandaigua Motorsports Park race shows two cars coming out of a turn , with Stewart 's No. 14 car sliding up the track toward Ward 's No. 13 car . The two cars get close and appear to make contact before Ward 's car hits the wall and spins out . Ward gets out of his crashed car and walks determinedly on the track toward the race cars , which had slowed for a yellow flag . Ward points a finger and appears to be yelling . One car swerves to avoid Ward on the half-mile dirt track . Stewart 's car passes close to Ward , and it appears that its right rear tire hits him . Authorities said that the 20-year-old Ward , a New York sprint car driver , died of "  massive blunt trauma . " Ward , from Port Leyden , New York , was in his fifth season in the Empire Super Sprints series . Stewart missed three NASCAR races after the incident . When he returned to racing at Atlanta , he gave a brief statement to the media . "  This has been one of the toughest tragedies I 've ever had to deal with , both professionally and personally . And this is something that will definitely affect my life forever , " Stewart said at the speedway in his first public appearance since Ward 's death . While the incident hit him hard , Stewart said he knows "  that the pain and the mourning that Kevin Ward 's family and friends are experiencing is something that I ca n't possibly imagine . " Kevin Ward Jr. started young , loved to race Tony Stewart : Raising smoke with a hard driving life	Kevin Ward Jr. died after he was struck by Tony Stewart 's race car during a race Stewart says he respects the legal process A New York sheriff 's office recently wrapped up its four-week investigation The district attorney said he will submit the evidence in the ` near future '
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- One of the biggest-name dance DJs in the world , Paul van Dyk is in demand at clubs and festivals from Las Vegas to Ibiza . Paul van Dyk witnessed the birth of electronic music "  as a sub-culture " in his hometown of Berlin . Twice voted the world 's top DJ , van Dyk has also earned a reputation as a freethinker and social activist , working for children 's charities and speaking out against drug use in dance culture . His years on the road have not dented the 37-year-old Berliner 's enthusiasm for his hometown . He talks to My City , My Life about the city where he cut his teeth on the dance scene and where he still lives . CNN : What is it you like about Berlin ? Paul van Dyk : It is a very open city ; it 's very open-minded , cosmopolitan . There are a lot of people from all over the world coming to this place and bringing something to the place and this is something very special . Something that I really appreciate , especially since I knew Berlin from a time when it was n't that way , this is something I like a lot . CNN : Do you think the way the city was divided in the past has made it more united today ? Paul van Dyk : I do n't think it is more united ; there is still a distinctive difference between the west and east , not just in terms of architecture or the structure of the city . Also the mentality of the people somehow -- I believe a lot of East Berliners still feel like East Berliners , and West Berliners likewise . After such a long time , I think it 's still an issue . CNN : How would you explain these differences ? Paul van Dyk : It 's very difficult because I think if I was trying to describe it , it would be very unfair on a lot of people because not all East Germans are alike , nor are all West Germans the same . There are certain issues that seem to group up . I 'm an East German in West Germany , living quite an international life . CNN : Describe the attitude of the typical Berliner ? Paul van Dyk : Berlin provides the freedom to live your individual lifestyle and do what you want . At the same time there is kind of a unity to it . You know , the Berliners kind of stick together and that 's something very special and something you 'll probably only experience in Berlin . There 's a kind of cute toughness to it -- you do n't get angry about it . CNN : As an artist , what inspires you about the city ? Paul van Dyk : I 'm definitely inspired by the dirty basement , clubbing atmosphere . This is where I grew up ; where the clubs were and where the music happened . I think Berlin is a city where electronic music started as a sub-culture , as something against the established culture and there 's still some sort of punk in it . That 's still in my music and always will be , no matter what I do . CNN : What do you think is the predominant culture of Berlin ? Paul van Dyk : I think Berlin has a coffee shop/bar culture . When I say bar , it 's not necessarily the posh sort of thing , it 's more the place where people meet and hang out after work or before they go clubbing , and that is quite established . There are few clubs in the world that became cathedrals of electronic music : Chicago in Chicago ; Gatecrasher in Sheffield  in northern England  ; Tyler in New York . Ewok was the place in Berlin for electronic music ; this was one of my first residencies in Berlin . It was just a big black warehouse with a loud PA and great music and great people . CNN : What inspired you to become a musician ? Paul van Dyk : The reason I started to DJ was because I was so bored with the music in the clubs in Berlin -- it was really one-dimensional . My musical education came from listening to the radio so I knew there was so much more in the whole wide world of electronic music to be discovered . So I went to record stores , I bought some records and made some tapes for myself and friends . One of my friends passed my tape on to a promoter and that 's how I got my first gig . So that 's when I knew , this is what I wanted to do . CNN : Was there a point that you thought , " now I 've made it ' ? Paul van Dyk : I think your career ends when you start thinking ` I 've made it . ' I never really felt there was a moment where suddenly I thought , ` wow , this is really happening . ' My first gig was very special to me because that 's when I realized that this is what I really wanted to do . But every single gig is still a challenge ; I still put all my efforts into it . CNN : Is there something different about playing to a home crowd ? Paul van Dyk : It 's always more challenging  laughs  . No , to me it 's always very special because a lot of my friends are here and we always do our own events in Berlin so there 's always a little more involvement than just going there and playing . CNN : What makes Berlin home to you ? Paul van Dyk : I love Berlin because I know my way around , which is something that 's important to me . The other thing is that it 's a city that provides a lot of chill-out space in a way ; you know , places where you can just go and relax , especially when you have a hectic schedule like mine . CNN : Where do you like to go to relax ? Paul van Dyk : Well , Berlin has a lot of parks ; I think it is one of the greenest cities in the world . Personally for me , the stables , the horse riding thing where I can relax a little and chill out . Where I live I can run with my dogs from one park to the next park to the next . CNN : If the city was a person what would they be like ? Paul van Dyk : Miserable but happy , poor but rich in thought -- and very twisted  laughs  .	Paul van Dyk says his hometown of Berlin is open-minded and cosmopolitan A division still exists between West and East despite the Wall coming down , he says The DJ says the city has a lot of "  chill-out space " helped by its many parks If it was a person Berlin would be "  poor but rich in thought " , he says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- An expatriate corporate investigator has been sentenced to two and a half years in a Chinese jail after being found guilty of stealing and selling personal information for profit , Chinese state media has reported . His wife and business partner was also found guilty of the same charge and was handed a two-year prison sentence . Briton Peter Humphrey , who has been in detention since July 2013 , appeared in a Shanghai court on Friday at the same time as his wife and business partner Yu Yingzeng . Yu is a Chinese-born U.S. citizen . According to a court statement quoted by official news agency Xinhua , the pair confessed to obtaining private information about Chinese citizens by "  illegal means . " They said they would write reports based on this information and sell them to multinational companies . In court , Humphrey said that he had conducted a two-month investigation on behalf of GlaxoSmithKline 's China management into who had filed formal allegations of bribery against the company , Xinhua reported . Chinese police have accused GSK executives in China of presiding over a web of corruption and bribery . GSK has said its China business is fully cooperating with the ongoing investigation . In a July 3 statement , GSK said it had hired Humphrey 's firm in April 2013 to conduct an investigation following a serious breach of privacy and security related to the company 's China general manager . Humphrey is a veteran corporate detective -- an investigator , similar to a private detective , but one which sniffs out corporate malfeasance -- who spent more than 20 years as a foreign correspondent with Reuters , including stints in Beijing and Eastern Europe . ChinaWhys , the investigations consultancy that Yu and Humphrey established , assisted in assessing corporate risks , conducting background checks and investigating allegations of corruption and fraud . The couple 's son , who attended court , had told CNN that he believed it would be easier for his parents if they pleaded guilty . "  I 'm hoping it will be a situation where they plead guilty and they go for a mitigation defense strategy , and just try to make it as lenient a sentencing as possible , " he said before the trial .	Peter Humphrey and wife Yu Yingzeng sentenced to at least two years in prison Pair admitted to obtaining personal information on Chinese citizens by illegal means They did work on behalf of GlaxoSmithKline 's China arm The drug giant faces allegations of bribery
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Good , but not enough , the Rev. Al Sharpton said in response to New York Post Chairman Rupert Murdoch 's apology for a controversial editorial cartoon published in the newspaper . Online Wednesday , some Post readers reacted similarly . Rev. Al Sharpton , center , leads protests against the New York Post cartoon on February 19 in New York City . Sharpton has lead a chorus of criticism and allegations that the cartoon published Feb. 18 was racist . He said Murdoch 's apology was a "  good gesture , " but he still had questions . Public debate on the issue continued to rage on the New York Post Web site early Wednesday , with some saying they were offended enough to cancel their subscriptions . Others defended the cartoon , calling it harmless and calling critics of it oversensitive . Murdoch 's "  apology leaves a lot more questions than it gives answers , " Sharpton said Tuesday . "  The question is what will guarantee that these kinds of things will not happen again . Let us make no mistake about it : We have seen two apologies in one week -- really one and a half apologies -- which is unprecedented , but clearly not far enough . " The cartoon by Sean Delonas referenced the mauling of a Connecticut woman by a chimpanzee who was later shot and killed by police . In its caption , one of the officers says , "  They 'll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill . " The cartoon was published the day after President Obama signed the stimulus bill . Watch CNN 's Lou Dobbs talk with Sharpton " The Post issued a statement the following day , apologizing but noting that the cartoon was meant to mock what it called an "  ineptly written " stimulus bill . Many critics said the cartoon played on historically racist images by appearing to compare Obama , the nation 's first black president , to the chimpanzee . Murdoch apologized Tuesday . "  Today I want to personally apologize to any reader who felt offended , and even insulted , " according to the statement from Murdoch , who is also chairman and CEO of News Corporation , which owns the paper . "  I can assure you -- without a doubt -- that the only intent of that cartoon was to mock a badly written piece of legislation . "  It was not meant to be racist , but unfortunately , it was interpreted by many as such . We all hold the readers of the New York Post in high regard , and I promise you that we will seek to be more attuned to the sensitivities of our community . " Leaders of the NAACP on Saturday called for the firing of Delonas . Delonas called the controversy "  absolutely friggin ' ridiculous . " "  Do you really think I 'm saying Obama should be shot ? I did n't see that in the cartoon , " Delonas told CNN . iReport.com : Should Murdoch , N.Y. Post do more ? "  It 's about the economic stimulus bill , " he added . "  If you 're going to make that about anybody , it would be  House Speaker Nancy  Pelosi , which it 's not . "	Sharpton : Rupert Murdoch 's apology is a "  good gesture , " but he still has questions Murdoch is chairman of N.Y. Post , which published chimp cartoon that created a fury Many critics said the cartoon played on historically racist images Cartoonist calls the controversy "  absolutely friggin ' ridiculous "
CNN  -- The head of the Papua New Guinea military has been freed from detention by rebel soldiers , the Australian government said Thursday , as an attempted mutiny appeared to unravel . Yaura Sasa , a rebel commander , had earlier claimed that he had seized control of the Papua New Guinea Defense Force , confining its leader , Brig. Gen. Francis Agwi , and another senior officer to their residences . The Australian government -- which has a significant presence in Papua New Guinea , a country it used to administer -- said that Agwi had subsequently been released . The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said in a statement that it was important that "  order is fully restored " in the Papua New Guinea armed forces . The unrest in the military came amid controversy in Papua New Guinea over who the rightful prime minister is . Sasa claimed he had taken control of the defense force in order "  to restore the integrity and respect for the constitution and judiciary . " He called for the immediate implementation of "  the supreme court decision relating to Sir Michael Somare 's position as the prime minister of Papua New Guinea . " Somare has been a key figure in the Papua New Guinea political scene over the past four decades , helping to lead the country to independence in the 1970s . After being in and out of office over the years , he was elected prime minister in 2007 . But he lost his position last year while recovering from heart surgery in Singapore . He now apparently contests the legitimacy of the current prime minister , Peter O'Neill . In a news briefing , O'Neill described the events at the military barracks as "  completely unnecessary . " He blamed Somare for the disturbances . "  We condemn the actions of particularly the Somare faction of our Parliament for creating such an environment where instability within the country and within the disciplined forces are being created , " he said . The Australian government said O'Neill had told Ian Kemish , the Australian high commissioner in the capital Port Moresby , that the authorities "  were taking steps to manage the situation " in the military barracks . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : The head of the armed forces is released from confinement at his residence NEW : The prime minister says the actions of rebel soldiers were "  completely unnecessary " The unrest comes amid controversy over who the rightful prime minister is Australia calls for order to be restored in the Papua New Guinea armed forces
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Police in Connecticut say they have arrested a woman suspected of robbing at least six banks in the past week . Police released photos of a suspect in the robberies of six New England banks . Detectives from the Major Crimes division of the Connecticut State Police took Heather Brown into custody at about 3:15 p.m. . The 34-year-old resident of Norwich , Connecticut , will be formally charged with robbery in the first degree , police said . Investigators believe Brown robbed the banks , often while claiming to have a bomb . "  When she goes into the banks , she gives the teller information through a note or verbally that she has a bomb , " said Sgt. Jim Keeney of the Connecticut State Police . "  However , there have n't been any reports of an actual bomb . " Authorities say they believe the woman has held up banks in the Connecticut towns of Middletown , Montville , East Hartford and Windsor , as well as banks in West Springfield , Massachusetts and Westerly , Rhode Island . Women commit 6.2 percent of bank robberies nationwide , up from 4.9 percent in 2002 , according to recent FBI figures . The one-woman crime wave in New England apparently began September 21 at the Citizens Bank in Montville , Connecticut . State police said "  a lone white female ... entered the bank with a bag in her possession . The suspect approached the teller indicated she was in possession of a bomb and demanded cash . " The woman left the bag on a counter and bolted , police said . Four days later , a woman entered a branch of the New Alliance Bank in East Hartford , Connecticut . Investigators with the East Hartford Police Department said she "  left a note indicating that she had a bomb and demanded $ 1,000 . She fled the bank with an undisclosed amount of money . " Police suspect she struck again the next day in Windsor , Connecticut .	Police say they have Heather Brown , 34 , in custody Investigators say she held up at least six banks in the past week She informs teller she has a bomb , but no actual bomb has been seen , police say Police : Suspect lives in Norwich , Connecticut , has served time for bank robbery
CNN  -- The government shutdown is in its second week , and the public debate in the United States is centered around how the crisis will be resolved and who is to blame . What do the polls say ? What are the implications for the Republican Party , for House Speaker John Boehner and President Barack Obama ? Not many are talking about the international implications . But they could be significant . Many in the international community have argued the U.S. government is dysfunctional or even broken . Friends are questioning whether America can be relied on or whether partisan politics will prevent it from acting when called upon . And with this comes some fear . America 's adversaries may come to believe that they can act without consequence -- that America will , in the end , trip over itself . These perceptions are extremely dangerous , both for the United States and the rest of the world . They will limit American deterrence and weaken America 's partnerships as friends and allies start to wonder whether the United States has their back . America has long been critiqued internationally both for doing too much and too little . In a study Chatham House is conducting on elite perceptions of the United States , many in Europe cast aspersions on the United States for its actions in Iraq and Afghanistan  wars into which the U.S. pulled others  or its use of drones . They also condemn America 's perceived lack of leadership in Syria . They want Washington to act but can not agree how . It is a no-win situation for America . One thing they are clear on : Europeans  and others , particularly in Asia  want a strong United States . One that provides moral leadership and enforces global norms . One that can be called upon to act , particularly in tough situations . Instead , events in recent weeks have only reinforced the international perception that America is in decline . The "  declinist " debate has been raging for years , driven in large part by America 's diminishing percentage of global gross domestic product  as against China 's rise in particular  . However , with the recent economic recovery , such views were wavering , and the strength of U.S. innovation , entrepreneurship and technology , coming on top of the energy revolution , were persuading some that the United States was once again on the rise . In recent weeks however , these arguments have been overcome by the pictures of gridlock and weakness in Washington . First it was the story that Obama was "  saved " by Russian President Vladimir Putin from an embarrassing loss in a congressional vote to attack Syria over its suspected use of chemical weapons . Then came the shutdown . And , for those in the private sector in particular , a developing fear that , come October 17 , when the United States needs to raise its debt ceiling , it will instead drive itself and the world 's economy off a cliff . The idea of America as a secure , stable , predictable state , where investment can not fail to be reimbursed , would suffer a significant blow . Holders of Treasury bonds would no longer be assured of their returns . Chinese efforts to weaken the position of the dollar as the only reserve currency would get a boost . Investors would no longer have the gold-standard U.S. guarantee . But while perceptions are extremely important , they are not reality . As Sunday 's anti-terrorist operations in Somalia and Libya show , America will act when it wants to . While the U.S. Treasury bond may seem less secure , it is still far stronger and better guaranteed than that of any other large economy . A nation moves when its interests , capabilities and will are engaged . America 's interests have not changed . Its capabilities are still vastly superior to those of most other nations . The only question is America 's will . Many internationally will continue to question U.S. power and influence . Its adversaries will surely continue to test these . America 's allies and friends will be made nervous over its perceived decline . But while the Washington gridlock and partisan politics make action tougher and more costly -- make it harder for America to rally friends and share burdens , and to deter and dissuade opponents -- it would nevertheless be dangerous to underestimate the United States . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Xenia Dormandy .	Xenia Dormandy : Shutdown , default threat have global implications and world is worried She says perception that America is broken makes allies doubt support , hurts deterrence She says world may disagree with U.S. on some issues but wants it to remain strong Dormandy : U.S. capabilities far superior to most other nations -- only question is America 's will
CNN  -- This week MME speaks to the man charged with boosting growth in the Kingdom of Bahrain : Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa . Sheikh Mohammed is concerned the nuclear dispute with Iran is deterring potential investors As chief executive of the Economic Development Board , one of Sheikh Mohammed 's main tasks is to ensure Bahrain stays ahead of its competitors . The government 's pushing ahead with economic reforms to reduce the Kingdom 's dependence on oil . But with crude prices near $ 100 a barrel , John Defterios asked whether the appetite for change had diminished . SM : The reforms are being done for aspirational reasons rather than necessity , so we are trying to enter the post-oil area because we want to . And therefore , because of this aspirational aspect , trying to get to as opposed to people pushing us somewhere we do n't want to go . JD : How do you redefine Bahrain 's role ? Traditionally it 's been a financial center , but you have Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Dubai even Abu Dhabi emerging in financial services . How you redefine it to sustain a lead ? SM : The rising tide lifts a lot of places and as the region is booming and growing , financial services are growing throughout the region . Bahrain 's strengths have been and will continue to be its human capital , the people that have led the financial sector and the long standing regulations that have been established in Bahrain . JD : Strategically and a geopolitical question here : the Crown Prince came out and declared what Iran 's intentions really are -- in his view -- for a nuclear policy , and called for greater diplomacy right ahead of a visit by the President of Iran to the country . What 's the motivation here ? SM : We feel that the distraction caused by the Iranian nuclear issue is holding investment back in the region as a whole , and increasing the security threat of the region . Nobody is debating the right to peaceful nuclear power , but we all have that need and we all need a peaceful resolution to this . JD : Historically , Iran has even made claims against Bahrain , what do you do now moving forward now ? Do you bring Russia , China , the United States and the European Union closer together , in terms of where we should be going in the future ? SM : We 've resolved our historical issue with Iran , and we are well beyond that , but going forward ... This is such a important issue affecting security worldwide , that we feel it is important and at a level high enough that we need all powers involved because it does affect everybody . JD : Can the GCC  Gulf Cooperation Council  become much tighter as an organization to have a voice in that process ; as opposed to speaking from the sidelines and hoping that the major powers move forward ? SM : Absolutely , I mean , the GCC is speaking with a unified voice . The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia came out with a proposal for providing nuclear fuel from an independent authority ; this was completely backed from the GCC . We are all moving forward and are willing to play a beneficial role to resolve this issue . Meet the Sheikh : Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa is chief executive of the Economic Development Board , the organization responsible for stimulating and supporting growth of the Bahraini economy . He was appointed in June 2005 , following 10 years working directly for His Highness Sheikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa , Crown Prince , Commander-in-Chief of the Bahrain Defense Force and Chairman of the Economic Development Board . From 1995 to 1999 , he was director of the Crown Prince 's office . In 1999 , he was appointed head of the court and also deputy head of the Crown Prince 's International Scholarship Program . During this time , Sheikh Mohammed was heavily involved with the Crown Prince 's initiatives to liberalize the telecommunications sector and with labor market and economic reforms . A keen motor sports enthusiast , Sheikh Mohammed was deputy board chairman of the Bahrain International Circuit and is a former vice president of the Bahrain Motor Club , now known as the Bahrain Motor Federation . Sheikh Mohammed , who is married with two sons and one daughter , was born on April 14 , 1969 . In 1992 , he received a bachelor 's degree in economic theory from the American University , Washington DC . Two years later , he received a post-graduate diploma in business studies from the London School of Economics .  source : Bahrain Economic Development Board  E-mail to a friend	Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa steers Bahrain 's economic growth Says Bahrain 's strength is its "  human capital " in the finance sector Calls on world to unite to resolve nuclear dispute with Iran
CNN  -- The Tea Party movement is trying to define politics in 2010 , but its founding arguments can be traced to at least 1964 -- in a famous campaign speech given on Barry Goldwater 's behalf by a Hollywood actor named Ronald Reagan . • "  This is the issue of this election : whether we believe in our capacity for self-government or whether we abandon the American revolution and confess that a little intellectual elite in a far-distant capital can plan our lives for us better than we can plan them ourselves . " • "  No nation in history has ever survived a tax burden that reached a third of its national income . ... We 've raised our debt limit three times in the last 12 months , and now our national debt is one and a half times bigger than all the combined debts of all the nations of the world . We have $ 15 billion in gold in our treasury ; we do n't own an ounce . " • "  Our natural , unalienable rights are now considered to be a dispensation of government , and freedom has never been so fragile , so close to slipping from our grasp as it is at this moment . " The nationally televised address , known as "  A Time for Choosing , " is a classic -- smart , funny and still so resonant that the rhetoric Reagan used more than 50 years ago echoes in Tea Party protests today . Reagan tried to raise the stakes of the election with a vision of apocalyptic ideological conflict , pitting heroic defenders of the Founding Fathers ' vision against big-state bureaucrats , willfully wasting taxpayer dollars on counterproductive do-gooder programs that are dragging America toward socialism . Consistent with the Tea Party 's self-image , it was primarily an economic speech , advancing a small-government libertarian economic philosophy , making statistics come alive with talk of fallen empires and American history , arguments aided by the added urgency of global conflict with communism . There is the specter of growing government power eclipsing the Constitution , the perverse incentives of the welfare state as an insult to hardworking individuals , all culminating in a citizens ' resistance against elite liberals ruling by fiat from Washington . It is compelling stuff , with the pitch-perfect delivery of a trained actor finally getting to recite his own lines . Speakers echo its themes from stages today almost like a tribute band . But , of course , times have changed a lot since 1964 -- and so some questions arise . First , if America 's past was as idyllic as many Tea Party protesters seem to believe , how come Reagan was warning about America 's eclipse back when the "  Andy Griffith Show " was still in prime time ? Well , the top marginal tax rate was a whopping 70 percent then -- almost double what it is today , and down from 90 percent just a year earlier . That 's cause for a serious debate about socialism . It 's a reminder that the past was never pure and simple -- though some Americans might remember it that way because they were children then . Second , Reagan 's speech did not mention civil rights , despite the fact that it was one of the dominant issues of that election . Both Reagan and Goldwater opposed the Civil Rights Act on constitutional grounds , and it was this rift that Kentucky Senate candidate Rand Paul was referring to when he awkwardly affirmed libertarians ' opposition to civil rights legislation . That does not mean that Reagan or Goldwater were racist -- just as it is mistake to label the Tea Partiers of today racist -- but that heroic fight was n't their primary or even secondary concern , nor was it that of their conservative constituents . Not coincidentally , the former Confederate states of the South realigned in 1964 , with traditionally Democratic Mississippi voting 87 percent for the Republican Party . Another key difference between Reagan 's rhetoric and today is the comparative civility . Reagan never attacks then-President Lyndon Johnson by name , and he is even careful to use the phrase "  our liberal friends " when slapping the domestic left . He does not question their patriotism or call them communists -- after all , the Cold War was still on , and that insult seemed more idiotic and offensive than it does now . There is a final irony -- the Reagan who was elected governor of California in 1966 and ran for president in 1980 would have a hard time getting the GOP nomination today . The self-appointed sentinels of conservatism would have taken issue with the fact that as governor , Reagan raised taxes by a billion dollars to close a budget gap and increased the size of the state workforce by 50,000 . He also raised taxes as president . Social conservatives might not have liked the fact that he opposed a bill to ban gays and lesbians from teaching in public schools -- a legislative fight depicted in the movie "  Milk " -- and they would have hated that he signed the nation 's most liberal abortion bill into law . Reagan would n't have been alone in his isolation from contemporary conservative absolutists -- even Barry Goldwater could be painted as liberal today because of his support for gays in the military and the fact that his wife co-founded Planned Parenthood in his home state of Arizona in the 1930s . Goldwater lost the 1964 campaign by an unprecedented margin , winning only six states and 38 percent of the popular vote . Apparently , most Americans did believe that extremism in defense of liberty was a vice . But by 1966 , a Great Society backlash was in full effect , and the excesses of the radicalized so-called "  New Left " ushered in a 40-year Republican revival on the presidential level , punctuated only by Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton . It is strange that despite the conservative movement 's decades in power , Reagan 's rhetoric is still used without much adjustment or abridgement . Is that because conservatives failed to tame the beast they warned about , or because the arguments worked so well on an emotional level that they exist separately from any era 's political reality ? The arguments in "  A Time for Choosing " work best when it is a rallying cry of a party out of power -- in part because a belief in government 's corruptibility is less compelling when you control it . But America 's character does not change dramatically with a new president , no matter what party or ideology he represents . LBJ did not represent a mortal threat to the American experiment , and Reagan deepened the deficits he warned were in danger of bankrupting the nation . Both men upheld their oath to protect and defend the Constitution while helping our nation fight and ultimately defeat communism . By uncovering the roots of the Tea Party 's rhetoric , we can see it with a dose of perspective . America is still faced with great challenges , but our country is no closer to constitutional apocalypse now than it was then -- and in most respects our country has gotten better since 1964 , evolving just a bit closer to our ideals of liberty and equality . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John P. Avlon .	John Avlon : Tea Party 's roots in 1964 speech given by Reagan for Goldwater campaign In speech more civil than today 's , Reagan envisioned lost freedoms , he writes Avlon says that time not as idyllic as some think and U.S. is more conservative today Avlon : Conservatives today would call Reagan , Goldwater , liberal on social views , taxes
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- At a debate in front of thousands of labor union activists Tuesday , Sen. Barack Obama 's Democratic presidential rivals blasted him for his remarks about Pakistan . Last Wednesday , the Illinois senator said that if it were necessary to root out terrorists , he would send U.S. forces into Pakistan without the country 's approval . "  You can think big , but remember , you should n't always say everything you think if you 're running for president , because it has consequences around the world , " Sen. Hillary Clinton said during a 90-minute Democratic presidential forum in Chicago sponsored by the AFL-CIO . Chicago is Obama 's hometown , and Clinton 's statement drew boos . The New York senator responded , "  We do n't need that right now . " Despite the frosty reception , Connecticut Sen. Chris Dodd joined Clinton in criticizing Obama . He said Obama 's stance could undermine Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf , the country 's military ruler , who has been a U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda . "  While General Musharraf is no Thomas Jefferson , he may be the only thing that stands between us and having an Islamic fundamentalist state in that country , " Dodd said . "  So while I would like to see him change , the reality is , if we lose him , then what we face is an alternative that could be a lot worse for our country . " Obama jumped into the fray . "  I find it amusing that those who helped to authorize and engineer the biggest foreign policy disaster in our generation are now criticizing me for making sure that we are on the right battlefield and not the wrong battlefield in the war against terrorism , " he said . "  If we have actionable intelligence on al Qaeda operatives , including -LSB- Osama -RSB- bin Laden , and President Musharraf can not act , then we should , " Obama said . "  That 's just common sense . " He also said Americans had the right to participate in the debate over such a key aspect of American foreign policy . But Clinton countered by saying that while U.S. forces might have to pursue action inside Pakistan "  on the basis of actionable intelligence , " it was "  a very big mistake to telegraph that and to destabilize the Musharraf regime , which is fighting for its life against the Islamist extremists who are in bed with al Qaeda and the Taliban . " "  Remember , Pakistan has nuclear weapons . The last thing we want is to have al Qaeda-like followers in charge of Pakistan and having access to nuclear weapons . " Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware responded later in the debate , noting that the strategy Obama outlined was already U.S. policy . "  Everyone 's entitled to their own opinion , but not their own facts , " Biden said . "  It 's already the policy of the United States -- has been for four years -- that there 's actionable intelligence , we would go into Pakistan . " E-mail to a friend	Sen. Hillary Clinton booed when she criticizes Sen. Barack Obama at debate Clinton , Sen. Chris Dodd slam Obama 's stance on Pakistan Obama : U.S. should go into Pakistan if intelligence warrants it Debate sponsored by AFL-CIO drew thousands of labor activists
