CNN  -- A mystery surrounding the disappearance of a Washington girl intensified on Thursday as police searched a local park as part of an investigation centered on a man who may be with her and is now wanted for his wife 's murder . "  We 're not making any assumptions , but I think it 'd be prudent for us at this time to make sure we 've searched - and this is a very large area - searched this area very well , " said D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier . "  We can not ignore the possibility that he may have killed her . " The search of the aquatic gardens area of Kenilworth Park was prompted by evidence the man , identified as Kahlil Malik Tatum , 51 , spent time there after the last credible sighting of Relisha Tenau Rudd , 8 , on March 1 . "  On March 2 , we know that Mr. Tatum purchased , among other items , a carton of black , 42 gallon , self-tie contractor trash bags within the District of Columbia , " Lanier said at a news conference near the search area . "  Not long after that purchase , Mr. Tatum was in the area of the aquatic gardens for a period of time . " Lanier said after the last sighting of Rudd , Tatum continued to go to work and was seen around D.C. several times between March 2 and March 20 . Lanier said Rudd was not with Tatum in any of those sightings . Tatum , who was reportedly a janitor at the shelter where Rudd and her family had been staying , appears to have had permission to be with Rudd . The FBI says law enforcement believes Rudd could be with Tatum . The FBI has released surveillance footage of the two together from February 26 . The video purportedly shows them walking down a hallway of the Holiday Inn Express located in Washington . The FBI has also released multiple photos of Tatum and Rudd . Rudd 's disappearance took on new urgency when police discovered the body of Tatum 's wife , Andrea Denise Tatum , 51 , at a suburban Maryland motel last week . He has not been seen since March 20 . Police in Prince George 's County have since issued a warrant for Tatum 's arrest in his wife 's slaying and Washington authorities issued an Amber Alert for Rudd . Rudd is described as an African-American female , 4 feet tall , weighing approximately 70 to 80 pounds , with black hair and brown eyes . An FBI reward in the case was increased from $ 25,000 to $ 70,000 . According to the FBI , Tatum is 5-foort-7 and weighs around 170 pounds . He 's an African American with a "  distinctive tattoo on his left upper arm . " "  While this current operation in the aquatic gardens would be best described as a recovery operation , we have not given up on hope , given up hope that we will still find Relisha alive , " Lanier said .	Police search park where man at center of probe was seen 8-year-old Relisha Tenau Rudd disappeared last week from a homeless shelter An arrest warrant was issued for Kahlil Malik Tatum , who is wanted in wife 's murder
The "  Weekend of Resistance " protests have ended , the prosecutor did n't step aside and the world awaits word from a grand jury determining whether charges should be brought against a white police officer who fatally shot unarmed African-American teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . Protesters demanded criminal charges against Officer Darren Wilson , who some witnesses said shot and killed Brown while he was surrendering with his hands up . But police said Wilson shot Brown after the 18-year-old attacked him and tried to take his service gun in August . Demonstrators also sought for St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch to recuse himself from overseeing the case because , they allege , he ca n't be impartial after his police officer father was killed on the job by a black man in 1964 . McCulloch rejected those demands . But he said he will not try the case if there is an indictment . Meanwhile , two assistant prosecuting attorneys have been assigned to the case . Here are key five things you 'll want to know as the legal system moves forward : 1 . What kinds of charges are the grand jury considering ? It 's not just one potential crime . The grand jury is deciding whether Wilson should be charged with any one of several possible crimes , including : first-degree murder , second-degree murder , voluntary manslaughter or involuntary manslaughter , said Ed Magee , spokesman for the prosecuting attorney 's office . The grand jury can issue an indictment on any of those four charges , and it also has the option of adding a charge of armed criminal action , authorities said . At the same time , the grand jury will receive the Missouri statutes for self-defense and the police use of deadly force . 2 . How many votes are needed on a grand jury to issue an indictment ? There are 12 members on the Missouri grand jury  some other states have different numbers  , and nine of the 12 must vote yes to indict someone . The grand jury proceedings are conducted in secret . The same goes for the grand jurors ' race or ethnicity . 3 . Does the grand jury have a deadline ? Yes , the grand jury has until January 7 to make its decision . But the prosecutor 's office says there could be a decision by mid-November . 4 . How often does it meet ? Normally a grand jury in St. Louis County meets every Wednesday . But the grand jury has been extended for the Brown case so jurors have extra time to hear from a number of witnesses and to focus solely on this case . In this scenario , the panel is allowed to meet on days when all 12 jurors can get together . Once agreed upon , the schedule is given to the prosecuting attorney 's office . 5 . Has the grand jury received all the evidence yet ? No , according to the prosecutor 's office . They have not heard from all the witnesses . Some witnesses are still reluctant to cooperate , the prosecutor 's office said . Ultimately , witnesses can be compelled to appear to the grand jury by subpoena . In past statements , McCulloch has promised a fair and thorough investigation . "  We will be presenting absolutely everything to this grand jury . Every statement that a witness made , every witness , every photograph , every piece of physical evidence . Absolutely nothing will be left out so the grand jury is making their decision based upon absolutely everything and we 'll go from there , " McCulloch told KTRS in August .	The grand jury in Missouri is looking at several potential crimes , not just one The grand jury has been given permission to set its own schedule Grand jurors have until January to make a decision
CNN  -- It 's easy to understand why comedians like Jim Carrey , Mike Myers , and Sacha Baron Cohen have flirted with adapting James Thurber 's 1939 New Yorker story about a timid man with a vibrant fantasy life . Not only has CGI made it relatively simple to turn Walter Mitty 's daydreams into Technicolor tapestries of digital eye candy , it 's also the kind of emotionally textured role that can be a springboard out of the banana-peel slapstick ghetto . Ben Stiller 's no stranger to such clown-crying-on-the-inside gambits  see : "  Permanent Midnight " and "  Greenberg "  . But his new film , "  The Secret Life of Walter Mitty , " despite all of its visual razzle-dazzle , never locates the beating heart of its hero . Stiller , who also directed , plays Mitty as an absentminded , socially awkward nebbish who works in the photo department at LIFE magazine . The irony , of course , is that even though he works at a place called LIFE , he has n't lived . Instead , he retreats into his head and imagines himself a dashing mountain climber or a hot-blooded Casanova . Stiller and screenwriter Steven Conrad have given Thurber 's story a 21st-century twist by setting the film in our era of corporate downsizing . LIFE is about to cease publishing , and for its final cover the editors have chosen a shot from their globe-trotting photojournalist star , Sean O'Connell  Sean Penn  . Then Mitty misplaces the negative . And with the encouragement of a co-worker he 's sweet on  Kristen Wiig  , he embarks on a quest to find O'Connell , leading him to Greenland and the Himalayas . As Stiller 's Mitty crisscrosses the planet , he slowly transforms into the action hero he 's always been in his fantasies . While stunning sequences show him skate-boarding away from an erupting volcano and fighting off a great white shark , the character never becomes more than a fuzzy conceit . At the risk of psycho-analyzing a film that 's already too deep inside its own head , Stiller seems to lack the confidence as a dramatic actor to fully commit to the emotional potential of his story . Too often he aims at our funny bones when he should be targeting our heartstrings . In the end , Walter Mitty is a film about acting out our dreams . But Stiller never quite shows us the soul of his dreamer . B - See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ben Stiller plays the title character in "  The Secret Life of Walter Mitty " The movie is an adaptation of a 1939 James Thurber story While there are some visually stunning sequences , the film never quite comes to life
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Four British Coastguard helicopters of the same model as the one that crashed off Canada last week have been grounded in Scotland to replace a gearbox mounting part , and all those models worldwide are expected to be grounded as well . Sikorsky 's Web site says the S-92 "  is the most advanced aircraft " in its civil product line . This move comes after the Transportation Safety Board of Canada indicated on Friday that the components must be replaced on Sikorsky-92 A helicopters across the globe . The Canadian agency said the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration will issue an emergency airworthiness directive , effectively grounding all Sikorsky S-92 A helicopters worldwide until the parts are replaced . On March 12 , 17 people died when a Sikorsky S-92 A operated by Cougar Helicopters crashed or ditched in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Newfoundland . One person survived . Canada 's transportation board on Friday said investigators found a broken main gearbox component that had been addressed in a January alert from Sikorsky . Sikorsky 's alert , on January 28 , said the "  main gearbox filter bowl assembly mounting titanium studs should be replaced with steel mounting studs . " This "  one-time modification " was to be done within 1,250 flight hours or within a year of the alert 's issue date . According to Britain 's Maritime and Coastguard Agency , Sikorsky on Friday notified helicopter contractor CHC that aircraft operating out of Stornoway and Shetland in Scotland need the "  urgent modification . " The British agency said that when it is clear how long the helicopters will be grounded or need to undergo engineering work , the agency "  will take a decision on implementing a contingency plan for longer term air coverage . The aircraft on the south coast are unaffected . "	Canadian authorities warn Sikorsky-92 A helicopters need gearbox part replaced FAA to issue emergency directive ordering repair , Canadian safety board says Four British Coastguard helicopters grounded in Scotland to replace a part Sikorsky-92 A crashed last week off Newfoundland ; 17 people died
CNN  -- Manchester United went five points clear at the top of the Premier League as goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar set a new English record for minutes in not conceding a goal in the 1-0 victory over Everton . Van der Sar was left to celebrate a United win and a new goalkeeping record . Cristiano Ronaldo grabbed the winning goal with a 44th minute penalty but once again it was United 's rock-solid defense and keeper that made sure of the vital three points . Everton 's failure to score by the 73rd minute at Old Trafford left van der Sar unbeaten for 1,104 minutes . The Dutch international was breaking the previous record set by Reading 's Steve Death 30 years ago . He had taken Petr Cech 's Premier League record in the 5-0 win at West Bromwich Albion last week and has now had 12 straight clean sheets . With title rivals Chelsea and Liverpool playing each other on Sunday and Aston Villa being held 0-0 at home by Wigan , the record was the icing on the cake for Alex Ferguson 's defending champions . World footballer of the year Ronaldo had hit the post in the first half before converting from the spot after Michael Carrick was tripped by Mikel Arteta . In truth , Everton , missing three strikers through injury , rarely troubled van der Sar with most of the action at the other end . Carrick had appeals for a second penalty turned down after appearing to be brought down by Joleon Lescott , but referee Mark Halsey ignored his pleas . Carlos Tevez shot wide from Park ji-Sung 's right wing cross and Tim Howard later had to save smartly from a deflected free kick from the Argentine star . United manager Alex Ferguson was delighted with yet another clean sheet and the three points . "  It 's a fantastic performance from the boys . I could n't believe it when I read that the last goal we conceded was against Arsenal in October , " he told Setanta Sports . "  Van der Sar brings calmness and assurance . Over the last 12 games we have changed the back four I do n't know how many times so you have to give great credit to them . "	Record breaker Edwin van der Sar has now kept 12 clean sheets for United 1-0 win over sixth-placed Everton sees United go five points clear in Premier League Closest rivals Chelsea and Liverpool play each other in title showdown on Sunday
CNN  -- For the budget conscious , the mere mention of skiing in Europe has been known to cause whiplash from people reaching around too quickly for their wallets . Those who keep a close watch on their cash tend to avoid resorts that charge the equivalent of a mortgage payment for the privilege of taking a few runs down a mountain and then forking out US$ 20 for a hot cider afterward . Europe 's famed alpine destinations are the worst culprits . Look beyond the pistes of Switzerland , Austria and France , however , and there are bargains to be found across the continent . 7 underrated ski resorts Soldeu , Andorra High in the Pyrenees and sandwiched between France and Spain , Andorra is an ideal alternative to the more pricey Alps . Soldeu is the tiny nation 's biggest and best resort , with an incredibly cheap weekly pass  US$ 259  , and one-day access costing just US$ 57 . Best of all , the pass covers the wider Grandvalira area , with access to other resorts and an impressive 204 kilometers  126 miles  of runs . The focus is largely on family at this beginner-to-intermediate hill , though there are plenty of lively bars in Soldeu village . The resort is accessible from budget airports at Perpignan in the south of France , and Girona , north of Barcelona . Lift pass : US$ 259 for five days out of seven ; www.soldeu-andorra.com 7 stunning European ski lodges Nosal , Zakopane , Poland In Europe , east means cheap , especially if you 're after a European ski holiday . Zakopane best exemplifies Poland 's underground reputation as a go-to spot for winter sports . This vast area has a number of different resorts , each offering lift passes for which you need to buy separate tickets . But considering you can take 15 trips on the Nosal resort 's lift for just $ 16 , with nearby Gubalowka offering 10 rides from the same amount , it 's cheap to hop around and try different slopes . Packages are recommended for this type of trip , as transportation between areas can be tricky without an organized tour . If you want to stick with one place , Nosal is the pick . It has four good beginner runs and a vicious , steep black area for veteran skiers and snowboarders . Best of all , the runs are open from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. , with floodlights fired up after sunset . Lift pass : US$ 16 ; www.zakopane-life.com Cerna Hora , Czech Republic Cerna Hora is home to the country 's longest single run , a two-kilometer monster  1.2 mile  that 'll test the hardiest alpine skier . As with most eastern European resorts , the lift pass is an insanely good value . The US$ 89 three-day pass makes Cerna Hora ideal for weekend trips . Its 14 slopes are reached by the Czech Republic 's only eight-person gondola . The area also has 70 kilometers  43 miles  of cross-country routes . What sets Cerna Hora apart is proximity to the spa town of Janské Lázně . With thermal pools and a picturesque town center , it 's the ideal place to unwind after a day strapped into your ski boots . Seven-day lift pass : US$ 162 ; three-day lift pass for US$ 89 ; www.cerna-hora.cz 10 top ski resorts in Asia Bansko , Bulgaria Bulgaria is gaining a reputation as the top destination for skiers desperate for good snow and heaving local bars , but who lack funds to hit the likes of Switzerland and Italy . About 160 kilometers  100 miles  south of the capital of Sofia , and located at the foot of the Pirin Mountains , Bansko is the country 's biggest and best resort . It 's something of a mission to reach , but worth the effort . The area has been modernized in recent years , with decent hotels and stacks of traditional "  mehana " for excellent local food , including rich salads , soups , meats and , of course , wine and Bulgarian rakia . The season runs until mid-April , depending on snowfall . Five-day lift pass : US$ 186 ; www.banskoski.com 4 ultra-cool winter activities in the U.S. CairnGorm , Scotland You may not know it , but the wilds of Scotland have become popular as a skiing destination in recent years . Bitterly cold winters and heavy snowfall mean CairnGorm mountain is buried in snow from December to March . Skiers and boarders hit the slopes between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. , light depending , with 30 kilometers  18 miles  of runs , dedicated snowboard park and lots of cross-country trails . Not necessarily great for a weeklong trip , CairnGorm is worth a visit if you 're on a city break in Edinburgh and do n't mind the two-and-a-half-hour drive north . Geared toward beginners and intermediates , CairnGorm is good if you want to try skiing for the first time or do n't fancy the rigmarole of arranging an entire trip based around the slopes and aprés ski excess . Lift pass : US$ 52 ; www.cairngormmountain.org Have you got a favorite budget ski resort ? Tell us about it in the comments section .	These budget slopes make every fall a little softer on the wallet East means cheap , especially if you 're after a European ski holiday Bulgaria is gaining a reputation as a top destination for skiers
Violent crime in the United States fell for the fifth consecutive year in 2011 with murder , rape and robbery all going down , although crime remains a serious problem in many urban areas , the FBI said on Monday . The report of all crimes reported to police nationwide showed slightly more than 1.2 million violent incidents nationwide , while property crimes hit a nine-year low . Compared with 2010 , the new figures show violent crime down 3.8 percent overall . Property crime was down 0.5 percent . Among violent incidents reported to police , murders were down about 0.7 percent , robberies dropped 4 percent , aggravated assaults declined 3.9 percent , and forcible rapes were down 2.5 percent . Despite the positive trend , crime remains a serious problem in many urban pockets riddled with gangs , drugs , and poverty . There were 14,612 murders last year , on average one every 36 minutes . That 's a small decline from 14,722 in 2010 , but it 's a decrease of nearly 17 percent from a decade ago . Most victims were male and in cases where race was known , 50 percent were black and 46 percent were white . Statistics showed 514 murders in New York and 431 in Chicago . Guns were used in two thirds of the nation 's murders last year , 41 percent of robberies , and 21 percent of aggravated assaults , the report showed . The closely watched Uniform Crime Reports do not include explanations for the consolidated figures , and the FBI does not comment on the data . However , criminologists point to a variety of factors for the continuing decline in overall violence . They cite a more settled crack cocaine market , an increase in incarcerations , an aging population , data-driven policing , and changes in technology that include a big increase in surveillance cameras . James Alan Fox , a criminologist at Northeastern University , said crime has continued to decline from a peak in the 1990s but now is decreasing at a slower rate . "  I call it the limbo stick effect , " Fox said . " You can only go so low . You 're never going to get down to zero crime . " The FBI crime statistics differed from a telephone crime survey released by the Justice Department early this month . That report actually showed crime increasing last year , but attributed the change to a jump in simple assaults . Fox said many of those assaults described to interviewers were non-injury pushing and shoving incidents not reported to any law enforcement agencies . He also noted the increase that the Justice Department reported was from an all-time low in the crime rate the previous year , suggesting crime is entering a low level where police officials hope it will stay for some time .	Crime still falling from 1990s peak but decreasing at slower rate , expert said Murder , rape , and robbery decline in 2011 , property crime hits nine-year low Violent crime remains a problem in many urban areas , according to FBI statistics Murders decline slightly year-over-year , but down sharply from a decade ago
CNET  -- Craigslist 's managers have complied with the wishes of most of the state attorneys general who demanded they rid the site of prostitution ads . Craigslist says it has removed prostitution ads , but some issues remain . The Web 's dominate classifieds publication replaced its controversial "  erotic " section with a new "  adult " category . And where Craigslist once relied on readers to flag dodgy advertisements , the company 's employees now review every ad submitted to the adult area before they appear online . Yet , the site has been unable to block every solicitation for sex . Catherine , a self-described sex worker from San Francisco , confirmed for CNET that she successfully posted an ad for her services to the adult section late last week . She wished to remain anonymous , so neither the ad 's photo nor text can be included in this story . Regardless , it is n't hard to find questionable ads in Craigslist 's new adult section . The most noticeable difference between Craigslist 's erotic and adult categories is the photos . In the adult section , the photos are less provocative . Less skin is showing . When it comes to the text , however , the two sections are very similar . Both are packed with ads for massage services . Ads in both areas include descriptions of the masseuse 's breast size  "  I 'm a natural C cup "  and they are often photographed dressed in their underwear . Even if most of these services are legitimate , and only a few are veiled offers of sex in the new adult area , plenty of others make little if any pretense about what they offer . These ads typically include words such as "  busty , " or "  fantasy girl " in their descriptions . Often , they feature photos of a woman or man dressed provocatively in their underwear or bathing suit . Some include hourly rates . Clearly , Craigslist faces a significant challenge as it tries to purge prostitution from its Web pages . While it can ban nude photos and overt offers of sex , how can anyone expect the site to outlaw ads featuring photos of bikini-clad women offering phone numbers ? One can find racier images in department store ads . The Internet has made it easier for merchants of all kinds to conduct commerce and reach wider audiences . Should anyone be surprised that the sex trade has benefited from this as well . If Craigslist were to disappear tomorrow , does anyone really expect that would curb prostitution ? A review of some competing online classifieds shows that while Craigslist has been a popular destination for sex workers , it is by no means the only one . For example , Backpages.com is an online classified publication and Craigslist competitor . The content it produces can also be found on the Web sites of some entertainment and alternative publications in major metropolitan areas , such as New York 's Village Voice or San Francisco 's SFWeekly . Craigslist is G-rated compared with the photos found in Backpages ' adult section . Ads included nude photos while others showed people engaged in sexual intercourse . A common ad would show a bare chested woman asking men to call her at a phone number . In the area of Backpages that services Charleston , S.C. , one ad found on Tuesday by CNET featured a photo of a bare-chested woman apparently engaged in masturbation . It must be noted that there was nothing as graphic on Craigslist . This is relevant because Henry McMaster , South Carolina 's attorney general , last week threatened Craigslist with a criminal investigation . McMaster has n't made any similar threats -- at least none that has been publicized -- against Backpages . Managers at Backpages did not respond to an interview request . In November , Craigslist and 40 state attorneys general , including McMaster , signed an agreement that called for the site to add more safeguards . The classifieds publication followed through and one of the new changes was a new requirement that anyone posting to the erotic section must provide a credit card . All the parties hoped that criminals would be unwilling to provide identification and this would be deterrent . "  Many of the classified and communication services on the Craigslist site provide the public with a valuable service , " McMaster wrote to Craigslist CEO Jim Buckmaster on May 5 . "  However , it appears that the management ... has knowingly allowed the site to be used for illegal and unlawful activity after warnings from law enforcement officials and after an agreement with forty state attorneys general . " Since then , Craigslist did away with the erotic section and agreed to review every ad before it appeared , but McMaster was dissatisfied . He posted a note on his site that said the "  Craigslist South Carolina site continues to display advertisements for prostitution and graphic pornographic material . This content was not removed as we requested . We have no alternative but to move forward with criminal investigation and potential prosecution . " This is at best an empty threat , says Matt Zimmerman , a senior staff attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation . The Communication Decency Act protects Web sites like Craigslist from being held criminally liable for the actions of its users , Zimmerman said , who added that Craigslist has no legal obligation to even review ads before they go online . Had Zimmerman had his way , Craigslist would have never agreed to do the monitoring . Craig Newmark , Craigslist 's founder , had earlier gone on national TV and said that Craigslist would not do away with the erotic section . The company 's reversal may have led McMaster to believe he could shame Craigslist managers into doing more than what the law required . "  It made life more difficult for Craigslist I think , " Zimmerman said . "  But I was much more disappointed with  McMaster  than Craigslist , " Zimmerman said . "  His threats were bogus to begin with and he was wrong to threaten  Craigslist 's managers  with jail when the law is very clearly on their side . " © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Craigslist has banned sex ads , but some still remain , author says A San Francisco sex worker says she still sells sex through the site On Tuesday , an ad on the site shows bare-chested woman Source : law protects Craigslist from being held liable for users ' actions
CNN  -- Last week the news broke that the world 's largest permissions-based e-mail marketing company , Epsilon , had been hacked -- compromising the security of an unknown number of e-mail addresses and names . Major companies with millions of customers , such as JP Morgan Chase and Target , sent e-mail notices alerting customers of the breach . CNN 's John Sutter explained that the main problem consumers face from this breach is an increased risk of targeted "  phishing " attempts -- "  a sneakier and more sinister version of spam ... fake e-mails that try to look real because the scammer knows something about you . " Recent research from Trusteer , an internet security firm , indicates that mobile users may be three times more likely to fall victim to e-mail phishing attempts . This is becoming increasingly important since recent ComScore research shows that more Americans are shifting their e-mail use to their mobile devices . Also , recent statistics from Nielsen indicate that U.S. mobile users spend more time on their phones doing e-mail than using Facebook . In January , Trusteer analyzed the "  log files "  access records  of several Web servers that had hosted phishing sites . The records showed how many users accessed these nefarious sites , when they visited them , whether they entered their account login information and which devices they used to access the sites . Here 's what Trusteer learned : 1 . Mobile users typically arrive first after the phishing e-mails are sent out . "  This makes sense since mobile users are ` always on ' and are most likely to read e-mail messages as soon as they arrive . Meanwhile , desktop users only read messages when they have access to their computer , " wrote Trusteer CEO Mickey Boodaei . "  Also , most fraudulent e-mails call for immediate action . For example , they usually claim that suspicious activity has been detected in the user 's account and that immediate action is required . Most victims who fall for this ploy will visit the phishing site quickly . " This is crucial , since internet providers and web hosts watch for phishing-style activity on their networks and often act quickly to block phishing sites . In a Marketplace Tech Report interview , internet security expert Anup Ghosh warned that one of the most insidious parts of e-mail phishing is that the fake alert e-mail might actually say the company is notifying you in response to a recent publicized security breach -- that is , the one they perpetrated . "  It 's a perfect cover , " Ghosh noted . 2 . Mobile users are three times more likely than desktop users to enter login information . The good news is that most people  mobile or not  do n't enter any login information when they land on a phishing site . But among those who do , mobile users clearly were more likely to take this step into the phishing trap . 3 . iPhone users are eight times more likely than BlackBerry users to access phishing sites . According to ComScore 's latest figures , there are still more BlackBerry phones than iPhones in use in the U.S. market . According to Boodaei , it 's "  equally difficult to spot phishing websites on BlackBerry and iPhone devices . " So why the disparity ? Boodaei speculates that many BlackBerry users are business users who were issued their BlackBerry by their employer , ostensibly with at least some security training . In contrast , the iPhone is overwhelmingly a consumer device . How to protect yourself : Be skeptical of any e-mails that claim to come from companies that you do business with . Although phishing attempts are most likely immediately after a data breach , they can occur weeks or months later . So remain vigilant . Logos , e-mail addresses , and other visual clues to authenticity can be faked . Never click a link in an e-mail message that you do n't trust 100 % . Many web browsers  including mobile browsers  can be "  infected " by malicious code just by accessing a website . But if you do click a link in an e-mail , make sure you never enter personal information on the resulting website . If you receive what may be a phishing attempt and have questions about whether your account may have been compromised , do this : Open a fresh Web browser window  on your computer or phone  , access the real website of the company in question and log in to your account that way . Then check whether they 've issued any security alerts . Or just look up the company 's phone number and call them , an action that 's especially easy from your mobile phone . Just make sure you do n't just call whatever phone number is listed in the e-mail message . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Epsilon , the largest permissions-based e-mail marketing company , was hacked Mobile users are more at risk of falling prey to phishing scams , according to a security firm Users should be skeptical of e-mails from companies they do business with
CNN  -- A month after defending the health care law , the Obama administration again confronted the buzz saw of skeptical Supreme Court justices on Wednesday -- this time on immigration . But come November , Republicans may very well be on the losing end of the argument . As has been widely reported , oral arguments regarding Arizona 's SB 1070 illegal immigration law began with an unusual interruption : Chief Justice John Roberts broke in during U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli 's opening comments to ask assertively , "  No part of your argument has to do with racial or ethnic profiling , does it ? " And , while it is difficult to predict how the justices will rule , Justice Sonia Sotomayor signaled the tough road ahead when she said of the administration 's argument , "  You can see it 's not selling very well . " But in the court of public opinion , Arizona 's SB 1070 law has stirred the fastest-growing electorate in the nation : Latino voters , who made up 7.4 % of all voters in 2008 . Republicans are in serious trouble . Co-authored by one of Mitt Romney 's informal advisers , signed into law by Republican Gov. Jan Brewer , and touted by Romney endorsers , SB 1070 is the gum sticking to the presumptive nominee 's general election shoes . And President Obama knows it . In an interview with Rolling Stone magazine , Obama said , "  I do n't think that their nominee is going to be able to suddenly say , ` Everything I 've said for the last six months , I did n't mean . ' " The mind-boggling part is that Romney knew branding himself as an anti-immigrant firebrand was going to present a problem in the general election . But instead of moderating his approach -- as Republican strategists implored -- he doubled down . Guided by Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach , who is co-author of SB 1070 , Romney endorsed the concept of "  self-deportation " of undocumented immigrants while trying to talk about the Latino community 's economic needs . He went even further by saying he would halt lawsuits against SB 1070 "  on day one " of his presidency -- surely agitating thousands of Latino voters in Arizona in the process . No voter is going to listen to Romney 's economic message if he wants the voter 's mother to "  self-deport . " Political common knowledge suggests the Republican candidate needs at least 40 % of the Latino vote in order to hang drapes at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . In fact , Latino , Asian and other new immigrant voters may well provide the margin of victory in Arizona , Colorado , Nevada , Florida , North Carolina and Virginia . What 's a candidate for president to do ? Regardless of the Supreme Court 's decision , the Obama re-election campaign would like to believe SB 1070 opens the floodgates for the madre of all get-out-the-vote efforts . But leading an administration that has detained and deported a record 1.2 million people , the president has a trust deficit of his own . Obama needs to use the powers granted to the executive branch to fully implement new guidelines that prioritize immigration enforcement resources . The only way he can make up for Democrats ' inability to deliver immigration reform is to take decisive action and continue to deport people here illegally who mean to do us harm -- but stop deporting landscapers , nannies and their hardworking families . Clearly , Romney has the bigger challenge . He can not smile and nod his way out of this problem , as he tried to do at a recent meeting with Hispanics in the Phoenix area . To a former University of Arizona president 's question about the DREAM Act , Romney responded , "  Thank you . Appreciate it , thank you . " To earn anywhere near a winning percentage of Latino votes , Romney must redirect citizens ' frustration with the broken immigration system away from SB 1070 and its copycats , and join Republicans such as Jeb Bush , John McCain and Lindsey Graham , all of whom have called for immigration reform that includes a path to citizenship for the undocumented . For political cover , Romney can look to a growing alliance of conservative faith , business and law enforcement leaders working together across the country to forge a new consensus on immigrants and America . If Republicans fail to appreciate the anger and frustration of new American voters and their allies who want pragmatic immigration solutions , a different buzz saw -- one of electoral justice -- will decide their fate come November . And it will not be pretty . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Noorani .	The Supreme Court heard oral arguments about Arizona 's immigration law Ali Noorani : Arizona 's law matters to the fastest growing electorate , Latino voters He says it 's mind-boggling that Mitt Romney is still an anti-immigrant firebrand Noorani : If GOP ca n't come up with smart immigration policy , it will suffer in fall election
CNN  -- An emerging commercial space race just got more intense . ATK , Alliant Techsystems , has for 30 years built space shuttle booster rockets at its plant in Promontory , Utah . The company has just announced it plans to build a rocket to take astronauts to the international space station . ATK says it will offer NASA launch services to the station using a new rocket called Liberty . Kent Rominger , former space shuttle astronaut and now ATK 's program manager for Liberty , said , "  We will be the safest vehicle on the street to carry a crew . " The entrance of ATK into the commercial crew arena clearly signals an intense fight for NASA dollars and contracts to fly crews to the space station . Is this now a commercial space race ? "  Absolutely yes , " Rominger said . Elon Musk , the multimillionaire head of Space X , has already been awarded a NASA contract to begin flying cargo to the station within a year using his Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon capsule . Musk has said Space X can start flying astronauts in Dragon by 2015 . ATK said its rocket will be ready to fly that same year . Rominger said he believes Liberty is instantly way ahead in the race , because much of the rocket is already rated for humans . Rominger said of Musk , "  When it comes to flying humans , he 's never demonstrated anything close to that capability . " Space X says it welcomes the competition . "  The American-made Falcon 9 launch vehicle and Dragon Spacecraft were designed from the start to be the safest , most reliable and economical vehicle to carry crews into space , " said Ken Bowersox , a former astronaut and now vice president of Space X. "  We will meet NASA 'S certification requirements . " Space X says its Dragon spacecraft will deliver seven astronauts to the station for $ 140 million . ATK 's $ 180 million price tag does not include the cost of a crew capsule . But Rominger says Liberty will have twice the payload capacity of Musk 's Falcon rocket . The new rocket is a partnership between ATK and Astrium , a company that builds the Ariane 5 launcher for the European Space Agency . The Liberty rocket would stand some 300 feet tall . It is being designed , ATK said , so any crew capsule NASA chooses could fly on it . The Space X vehicle is the complete package , both rocket and capsule . ATK will build a five-segment solid rocket booster , which is larger than a shuttle booster . Astrium will provide a liquid fueled upper stage . ATK officials said their rocket will provide NASA tremendous value because they will assemble Liberty in the Vehicle Assembly Building at the Kennedy Space Center and launch from one of the existing space shuttle launchpads .	ATK announces plans for rocket to take astronauts to space station Space X has already been awarded a NASA contract to fly cargo to station Space X says it can start transporting astronauts to station by 2015 Each company says its system is NASA 's best bet for crew transport
CNN  -- Ralph Lauren 's 2014 holiday ad campaign for its RRL line was raked over the coals on social media this week for its "  assimilation aesthetic , " featuring what appear to be antique photos of stoic Native Americans dressed in Western attire . Now , the company is apologizing for the imagery and has since removed the images from its website . "  Ralph Lauren has a longstanding history in celebrating the rich history , importance and beauty of our country 's Native American heritage , " the company said in a statement . "  We recognize that some of the images depicted in the RRL look book may have caused offense and we have removed them from our website . " Ruth Hopkins , a contributor to the site Last Real Indians , took issue with the campaign 's use of Native Americans , claiming that the imagery is not only ignorant , it 's a harsh reminder of a time of extreme oppression , and even genocide , for the nation 's indigenous people . "  What many people alive today fail to realize is Natives of the Assimilation Era wore western clothes because they were forced to do so , " she wrote . The policy of cultural assimilation of Native Americans spanned roughly from the 1800s midway into the 20th century as a way to "  Americanize " indigenous people through forced English education , sending children away to boarding schools and banning tribal religious traditions . Some policies were enforced through threat of violence . Hopkins urged the public to email the designer about their objections and to take the brand to task using the social media hash tag #BoycottRalphLauren . "  It 's wrong for him to use the portraits of our ancestors for personal gain , " she told CNN in an email . Taking Native American fashion ` Beyond Buckskin ' and headdresses Hopkins told CNN she had not heard from the company at the time of publishing , but that she was thankful for the response from others who agree the use of the images is inappropriate . Ralph Lauren has been one of the world 's most recognized names for American sportswear for nearly 50 years . "  He seeks to champion classic Americana . Fine . So be it . But , there 's one problem . We are n't your token Indians , " Hopkins said . Native American designers fight cultural caricatures	NEW : Ralph Lauren has removed the 2014 holiday ads from its site Ralph Lauren used images of Native Americans wearing its fashions in ads Critics say the images capitalize on the traumatic period of Native American assimilation The hashtag #BoycottRalphLauren highlighted opposition to ads
Oprah.com  -- Make your winter event one to remember ! From a holiday movie night -- complete with snack ideas and trivia contests -- to a cookie swap , these gatherings will overflow with holiday cheer ! Holiday movie viewing party Nothing rings in the season better than sitting by a cozy fire , sipping hot chocolate and enjoying your favorite holiday movie . So , why not make a party out of it ! Here are our ideas for how to bring "  It 's a Wonderful Life " -- to life ! Make your own invitations by jazzing up plain card stock with quotes from the movie . Try , "  Every time a bell rings an angel gets his wings " or "  Merry Christmas , movie house ! Merry Christmas , Emporium ! Merry Christmas , you wonderful old Building and Loan ! " Set the scene ! Make your house feel like a theater by ordering replica movie posters from the 1940s online . No snow outside ? Make your house feel like Bedford Falls by decorating your windows with paper snowflakes ! As guests arrive have the movie soundtrack playing in the background . Serve your guests traditional movie theater treats -- like hot buttery popcorn and oversized movie candy . While George Bailey 's drink of choice was bourbon , Clarence the angel preferred mulled wine  with extra cinnamon  . Have both on hand in case your guests want to enjoy cocktails inspired by the film . At the end of the movie , give your guests a holiday movie quiz ! Have a copy of the film on DVD as the top prize . Give each guest their own bell as a party gift -- so they too can help an angel get its wings ! Cookie swap party Does the idea of making 17 different flavors of holiday cookies get you down ? Fret no more . Invite your friends over for a cookie swapping party ! Each person should bring one dozen cookies per guest . So , if you are inviting 10 people , each participant should bring 120 cookies  roughly two to three batches  . At the end of the party , each guest walks away with a whole variety of goodies ! Here are some ways to make your cookie swap special . Instead of zipper bags , make sure to have fun containers for people to transport their cookies home in . Holiday themed disposable containers or cellophane bags will work . Have appetizers ready ! With all the sugary treats , make sure guests have something savory to munch on while they mingle . Have festive music playing in the background . Ask your guests to bring copies of their cookie recipe so everyone can recreate them at home . Gift wrapping party Take the boredom out of wrapping gifts by having a gift wrapping party ! Invite friends over and whip through those packages while gossiping with the girls . Make sure to have plenty of workspace . You can even rent card tables for the day . Provide lots of tape and plenty of scissors so all your guests need to bring is their favorite wrapping paper . Use our gift wrapping guide for step-by-step instructions ! Plan a buffet style meal so people can take breaks from wrapping and nibble throughout the night . You could even do a buffet of just appetizers ! Have festive holiday music playing in the background . Or , pop in a classic holiday movie . Plan an outing Instead of staying inside , gather a group of friends and head to the great outdoors ! Go ice-skating . You can pack winter friendly snacks like hot chocolate or warm apple cider . Find a local farm and see if they offer sleigh rides . Do n't forget to bring a blanket ! Visit a Christmas tree farm and chop down your own tree ! Grab your favorite holiday CD , load up the car with snacks and explore the holiday lights on the houses in your neighborhood .  There 's something to be said for someone who can create an entire reindeer out of blue and white flashing lights  . Have a snowman making contest . You can even hand out challenges , like making an Elvis snowman , a Big Bird snowman or the world 's tallest snowman ! From the Oprah.com Holiday Exclusive E-mail to a friend Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Pick a theme to make your holiday party very special Cookie exchange delivers treats for everyone to share Give guests "  angel " bells while watching "  It 's a Wonderful Life " Hunt in a pack for the perfect Christmas tree at a farm
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- There was no way he should have been on that medal stand . Going into the final turn of Saturday night 's 1,500-meter short-track speed skating final , J.R. Celski was fifth . The South Korean skaters had a firm grasp on the gold , silver and bronze . And then inexplicably , two of the South Koreans crashed , and the 19-year-old Celski followed teammate Apolo Anton Ohno across the finish line to stunningly finish second and third . Kind of a miracle , but Celski has overcome much bigger odds . Five months ago , it would have impossible for someone to think Celski could win a medal , or even be here . He lay on the ice after a full-speed crash at the U.S. Trials , bleeding profusely , his left thigh sliced open by a skate blade . The cut was six inches wide and two inches deep . It would require 60 stitches . But first he had to remove the blade , which was still stuck in his leg . There was so much blood , he wondered if he was going to skate again . He did n't know it at the time , but the gash was just an inch from the main artery in his leg . Fortunately , the blade only cut muscle . "  When I was laying on that ice , I was in defeat at first , " he said Sunday . "  I thought my whole career was over . But I guess in those moments is where we truly define ourselves . " At the hospital , Celski asked someone to take a photo of the gash . It is a nasty picture , and while Celski is keen to show it to anyone who will have a look , it is the only time he reflects on the injury . "  After it happened , I knew I needed to get back on my feet , and the way to do that was to not think about it , " he said . Celski jumped right into rehabilitation under the care of Dr. Eric Heiden , the speed skating legend who is now an orthopedic surgeon , and then Dr. Bill Moreau , the director for sports medicine clinics for the U.S. Olympic Committee . "  There are never any guarantees with an injury like this , but I will say this : Whatever happens to J.R. , it will not be because of a lack of effort . He is working so , so hard , " Moreau told freelance writer Joanne C. Gerstner in early November . By October , Celski was able to throw away his crutches . Though he still could n't skate , he stayed motivated by going down to a rink near his place at the training center in Colorado and watching the skaters from a local club . He finally got back on the ice on November 16 , just eight weeks before the Olympics . It was difficult for him , and he was tentative and he skated very slowly , he said . "  I did have flashbacks at first , " he said . He even fell a few times during training , which was a good thing because it helped his mental recovery . He found a toughness inside , he said , and his family helped immensely . It was as important as his physical rehabilitation . Before his injury , Celski was the heir apparent to now six-time medallist Ohno . Before his first Olympic race , his first since the crash , he was just a question mark . Now , with two races , the 1,000 meters on Saturday and the 5,000-meter relay on February 26 remaining , he 's a remarkable comeback story with an unending smile and a most unusual picture on his iPhone .	J.R. Celski takes bronze in the 1,500-meter short-track speed skating at Olympics Two of the South Koreans leading the group unexpectedly crash in race Five months ago , Celski 's left thigh was sliced opened by skate blade He returned to the ice for first time just eight weeks before the Olympics
CNN  -- A group of Chilean miners who spent 69 days trapped underground have traveled to Britain as the guests of football team Manchester United . A collapse at the San Esteban mine in Chile on August 5 left 33 men stranded , but they were rescued amid jubilant scenes as the world 's media watched in October . Twenty-three of those miners are visiting England , having been invited to cities around the world after becoming international celebrities . They took part in a training session with United manager Alex Ferguson at the club 's Carrington headquarters on Monday ahead of watching that night 's Premier League visit by title rivals Arsenal . "  It 's fantastic that they 're coming , " the 68-year-old told United 's website . "  These are people who showed real substance and perseverance to make sure they survived . There are examples in life which you should always take note of . "  I mean , the life of a miner , having to work in the bowels of the earth and not being able to see anything . That 's a great sacrifice to earn your living . I 'm sure they 'll enjoy themselves on their trip . " Former United star Bobby Charlton also met the club 's South American guests . "  I ca n't believe these are the same people the whole world dropped everything for , " Charlton said . "  You took it in your stride and everyone around the world is very proud of you . " Last month the miners were saluted with a standing ovation at the CNN Heroes event in Los Angeles , California . Heroes show opens with salute to Chilean miners In October Manchester United invited them to visit , while Spanish football star David Villa sent two shirts from his club team Barcelona to the families of the men while they were still trapped to show his sympathy . Former Chile defender Elias Figueroa , who played in three World Cups and collected 47 caps for his country , accompanied the miners on their trip .	Manchester United have welcomed 23 of the rescued Chilean miners to the club The men spent 69 days trapped underground at the San Esteban mine in Chile They were invited by the club to Britain in October after emerging from their ordeal
CNN  -- Changes to tires will make Formula 1 racing faster with more overtaking in 2013 , according to the sport 's official tire supplier Pirelli . Unveiled at the Italian company 's headquarters in Milan on Thursday , the new look tires include softer compounds and new constructions which could lower lap times by up to 0.5 seconds , the company says . Pirelli say the objective of the changes to the "  P-Zero " dry weather tires and the wet "  Cinturato " range is "  to improve performance and increase thermal degradation , to ensure at least two pit stops per race and open up more strategic options for all the teams . " Paul Hembery , Pirelli 's motorsport director said in a statement : "  The goal is to continuously set new challenges for the drivers and to ensure that all the teams start the new season on a level playing field when it comes to the tires . " "  Through accumulating more information with each grand prix last year , the teams eventually fully understood the tires , after a spectacular start with seven winners from the first seven races . The result at the end of the year was races with less competition and sometimes only one pit stop . This phenomenon was also observed in 2011 , disappointing many fans ... " he added . "  Our 2013 range of tires mixes up the cards once more to help overtaking and ensure two to three pit stops per race . " Color changes to the tire sidewalls have also been made with orange replacing silver to denote hard compound tires . Pirelli say the teams were given the chance to sample the new compounds during free practice in Brazil last November but the tires will make their official debut at Formula 1 testing in Jerez at the start of February . The first race of the new season gets underway in Melbourne , Australia on Sunday March 17 .	Italian tire manufacturer unveils new tires for upcoming Formula 1 season Softer compounds and new constructions to increase overtaking and pit stops Tires will officially make 2013 debut at testing in Jerez , Spain at beginning of February First F1 race of season is in Melbourne , Australia on March 17
CNN  -- We are the most narcissistic generation in American history . And when I say "  generation " -- I 'm not pointing my finger at millennials , gen X/Yers , or baby boomers . The generation I speak of is defined by people who use social media to incessantly share information about their favorite topic : themselves . I , too , am part of this "  selfie generation . "  And if you do n't know what "  selfie " means , you 're not .  We knew "  selfie " had become emblematic of who we are when the Oxford Dictionary recently named it as 2013 's word of the year . "  Narcissistic ? " you say . "  What can you mean ? " Well , the new craze of "  funeral selfies " is a clue : People snap a self-portrait in front of the body at a wake and share it on social media . For some , these selfies may actually be a way of grieving , but for others , it 's clearly about drawing attention to themselvesâ $ " even away from the recently deceased . Selfies are but the tip of the iceberg for my "  selfie-centered " generation . We have already seen how Twitter has allowed so many , including myself , to tweet their most inane thoughts : a shared delusion that everything we say is so interesting/compelling/funny that it must be immediately offered to the world . And , of course , Facebook , the granddaddy of social media , is a great way to share every mundane event in your life . We 've all read Facebook status updates like : "  I 'm eating potato chips " or "  Have to use bathroom , be back soon . " Now there 's also photobombing , where people sneak into the background of a photo being taken of someone else right before it 's snapped . Even celebrities are photobombing . Just last week , actor Zach Braff  allegedly  photobombed a couple taking wedding photos . He promptly tweeted this , causing the photo to go viral . And I say Braff "  allegedly " photobombed the couple because there are now apps that enable you to photobomb yourself into any picture . Some of these pictures can truly be funny , but there 's no denying that many photobomb because they want to upstage the photo 's intended subjects -- another example of our desperate , never-ending need for attention . To be clear , I 'm in no way judging others in in my "  selfie generation , " although funeral selfies are kinda creepy . Sharing our thoughts and experiences on social media is now part of our DNA , a reflex action without a second thought . Most of us are aware of our collective self-centeredness . In fact , when I was contemplating writing this article , I tweeted out the question : "  Are we the most self-absorbed generation ? " The response was overwhelmingly : "  Yes . " But I did hear this defense often : If the generations before us had access to the same technology we do , they would have acted just like us . Hard to argue with that . Why would n't Neil Armstrong have taken a selfie after he stepped onto the moon with the Earth positioned behind him ?  Which would 've been one of the greatest selfies ever .  Are you saying no one would have photobombed pictures taken at Woodstock or at anti-Vietnam war rallies ? Or that Elvis would n't have tweeted photos of himself wearing a new sequin-studded jumpsuit that would have quickly gone viral ? This is who we are and there 's no chance of going back . In fact , future technological advancements will undoubtedly make it even easier for us to share information about ourselves in ways we ca n't imagine now . But the legacy of our "  selfie generation " must be more than just photobombing a friend 's picture or gloating when one of our tweets is retweeted to infinity . Our generation has an opportunity with these social media platforms to raise awareness about issues we personally believe need to be addressed . It can be as simple as taking a selfie as you walk past a soup kitchenâ $ " or better yet , help out in one -- and sharing it on social media . Maybe that will inspire others to volunteer at one or at least make a donation . Why not use a photobomb app to insert yourself into an image of an impoverished child to bring attention to the 16 million children in the United States who live below the poverty line ? Or tweet a photo of a U.S. military veteran to raise awareness about the 22 veterans who commit suicide every day or the wounded veterans who still need our support . The list of issues , from countering domestic violence to the bloodshed in Syria , goes on and on . Let 's use our love for sharing information about ourselves to also share information about the issues for which we feel passionate concern , especially during this holiday season . OK , be self-absorbed , but be self-absorbed for a cause . To me , that 's the good kind of self-centered . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : The social media generation is the most narcissistic generation He says new example is "  funeral selfies " -- posing with dead person -- to draw attention Twitter , Facebook have long allowed this self-centeredness . Why not turn it to good cause ? Obeidallah : Photobomb to raise awareness of causes you care about : a good self-centeredness
CNN  -- Tuesday marked the last day of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage that sees over two million Muslim pilgrims journey to Mecca in Saudi Arabia . It is one of the most celebrated events in the Islamic calendar , and one of the world 's largest public gatherings . Handling a crowd of that magnitude has n't always been easy , especially in light of public health worries and ISIS fears . To ensure such a feat goes off with minimal disruption , Saudi Arabia 's authorities have had to go high-tech . The crowd Any event that draws crowds a million strong faces the risk of stampedes . Hajj pilgrims have not always been exempt from such a fate . The worst incident occurred in 1990 , when 1,426 pilgrims were trampled to death . A similar event took place in 2006 , when 363 people lost their lives . Since then , the Saudi government has used live crowd analytics software CrowdVision to manage the throng . "  It spots patterns of crowd behavior that indicate potential danger such as high densities , pressure , turbulence , stop-and-go waves and other anomalies , " Fiona Sterns , CrowdVision 's co-founder , told the BBC . Back in a central control room , police and military personnel monitor the live data feeds provided by the software , which lets them see in real-time where the crowds are thickest . The traffic Transporting two million people at once has the potential of setting new records in gridlock . To combat this , authorities employ 15,000 public buses to help move the masses between the holy sites . Like the crowds , the buses ' movements are also tracked by wireless monitors to help authorities grasp where traffic jams hold up the procession , and make adjustments accordingly . The government has also invested in several long-term public transport initiatives to take some pressure off the roads . The Al Mashaaer Al Mugaddassah Metro was completed in 2011 , and ferries pilgrims between Mecca , Mount Arafat , Muzdalifah and Mina -- all required stops on the Hajj . The railway line was designed to shuttle 72,000 passengers an hour . Construction has also begun on a four-line metro system for the city of Mecca . Public health While various health crises -- namely MERS and Ebola -- have cast a shadow over this year 's proceedings , organizers employed a medical army to address any health issues that might arise . According to the World Health Organization  WHO  , this year there were 180 ambulances on standby , as well as 22,000 health care professionals , 141 health centers , 25 hospitals with 5,250 beds , and 19,000 units of varying blood types . Officials also banned pilgrims from Ebola hot zones -- namely Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . "  WHO has been closely coordinating with the Ministry of Health of Saudi Arabia to ensure that preparedness measures are in place , " says Rana Sidani , a WHO spokesperson . The security The rise of ISIS and other Islamic extremist groups in the region put added pressure on Saudi Arabia this year to increase security measures during the Hajj . "  I would not put it past ISIS to try to disrupt the Hajj and I think Saudi authorities are well aware of that possibility , " said Fahad Nazer , a terrorism analyst at JTG Inc and a former political analyst at the Saudi embassy in Washington , told The National . To safeguard against the possibility of attack , officials installed thousands of CCTV cameras throughout the country , focusing on the holy sites , and employed facial recognition technology . They also employed 60,000 security troops . "  These forces will be stationed in Mina , Arafat and Muzdalifah to ensure the safety of pilgrims and enable them to perform their rites with ease and comfort , " Major General Osman Al Mahraj , director of general security , told the Saudi Gazette .	Tuesday marked the last day of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage that draws over two million Muslim pilgrims This year there were 180 ambulances , 22,000 health care professionals and 19,000 units of blood on standby To safeguard against the possibility of terrorism , officials installed thousands of CCTV cameras throughout Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- There are few careers that can match the pedigree of Real Madrid coach Jose Mourinho . Having just set a remarkable nine-year unbeaten home league record -- which spanned 150 matches and four clubs in four different countries -- the Portuguese manager is eyeing yet another remarkable record . As he leads his Real side in the quarterfinal second leg against Tottenham Hotspur tonight , Mourinho is on the trail of becoming the first coach to win three European Cups with three different clubs . But as the 48-year-old aims to push his career to the next level , there may be the birth of a new star in his midst . It was merely a coincidence that Porto clinched their 25th title as Los Merengues were shocked by Sporting Gijon at the Bernabeu -- Mourinho 's first home defeat in nearly a decade -- but what is not coincidental is the way Porto have dominated their domestic championship this season . In a fashion not seen since the heady days of Mourinho between 2002 and 2004 -- when the self proclaimed "  Special One " plundered two league titles , the UEFA Cup and the Champions League -- the youthful , dynamic and ambitious coach Andre Villas Boas has swept all before him . Will Mourinho 's record ever be beaten ? Villas Boas is Mourinho 's protege and student , but aged just 33 -- seven years younger than Mourinho was when he won his first title with Porto -- the question is whether the apprentice can match his former master 's astonishing achievements at the Estadio do Dragao . Porto have simply outclassed their rivals this season , winning 23 and drawing the other two of their 25 matches to wrap up the title with five games remaining . Along the way , they have scored 61 goals and conceding a miserly 11 , and are also through to the quarterfinals of the Europa League -- a competition Mourinho also won , under its former guise of the UEFA Cup , in his first full season . "  I can find similarities between Villas Boas and Mourinho in the way they started their careers and the way in which they reached immediate success at Porto , " Rui Orlando , a football commentator for Portuguese-based SportTV told CNN . "  Furthermore , both of them were not known as players and started coaching very early on , working with some really well known coaches . " CNN Sport anchor Pedro Pinto , who has followed the careers of both men closely , is even more forthright in his comparisons of the pair . "  There is no doubt in my mind that Villas Boas is the second coming of Jose . He is is a young , ambitious , disciplined football lunatic , who has soaked up as much knowledge as he can from working with the best coach in the world . " It is impossible not to draw comparisons between the two men . Mourinho learned his trade working as an interpreter for Bobby Robson at both Porto and Barcelona , picking up tips from the legendary English coach before eventually impressing with his own coaching acumen . Villas Boas was also at Porto in the mid 1990s . At the tender age of 17 , and with no football apprenticeship behind him , his mastery of English and attention to detail impressed Robson so much that the veteran coach hired the teenager to work as part of his scouting and statistics team -- sending him to Scotland to achieve his first coaching badges . And when Mourinho returned to Porto , after cutting his managerial teeth at Uniao Leiria , he took Villas Boas under his wing , going on to employ the willing student at both Chelsea and Inter Milan in exactly the same manner as Robson had done with him . Like Mourinho , Villas Boas started his coaching career at a small club . Leaving his mentor behind in Italy , Villas Boas took over at bottom of the table Academica last season , performing a minor miracle to steer a club , without a win before his arrival , to mid-table respectability . Porto , looking for a coach after sacking Jesualdo Ferreira following their failure to retain the league title and qualify for the Champions League , quickly came a-calling -- and Villas Boas has more than justified the decision to make him the youngest coach in the Portuguese top flight , with the club suffering just one defeat in all competitions . "  He has had a very strong impact at the club , in the city and in the region , " continued Orlando . "  He came in after a disappointing season and immediately asserted himself with a positive and confident attitude . "  His philosophy is similar to Mourinho when he was at Porto . He likes to play attacking football based on ball possession and forcing opponents into submission and his planning is superb . He spends countless hours in his office sourcing information to give to his players . " And Pinto believes Villa Boas will go on to even greater success in the coming years . "  His strength is not only tactical , it is his ability to program players into doing exactly what he tells them to do . "  His organizational and motivational techniques are so good that players really believe they can do what he tells them . " Even within the pantheon of great football coaches , there are few who have won titles before their 40th birthday ; even Mourinho fails to make the grade . But with Villa Boas claiming silverware at such a young age , maybe "  master " Jose should beware of the burgeoning talent of his pupil .	Andre Villas Boas is following in the footsteps of his mentor Jose Mourinho Villas Boas has led Porto to the Portuguese title at the age of just 33 Mourinho was seven years older when he won his first league title with the club Both men are motivated , ambitious and superb at organizing their players
Washington  CNN  -- After hinting for months that he would start a "  trusted traveler " program to expedite screening at airport checkpoints , Transportation Security Administration chief John Pistole took his first step in that direction Thursday , announcing a pilot project for passengers who voluntarily release certain information about themselves . The pilot project initially will be small , limited to a select group of travelers and to people already enrolled in existing programs run by border officials . Nonetheless , the travel industry and some politicians hailed it as a major change of philosophy that eventually could have a major impact on airport screening , diverting security from known individuals and focusing attention on unknown travelers and suspected terrorists . The TSA disclosed few details about the inner workings of the program . But industry officials briefed by the TSA said eligible participants will get to forgo some of the banalities of checkpoint searches -- such as removing shoes and jackets , and taking computers from carry-on bags . Participants also likely will be directed through magnetometers instead of through full-body imagers , which take more time and have raised privacy concerns , they said . The pilot project will begin this fall . "  These improvements will enable our officers to focus their efforts on higher risk areas , " Pistole said . He called it a "  common sense step " that will strengthen overall security . "  I think they 're definitely headed in the right direction , " said Stewart Verdery , former assistant secretary of the Department of Homeland Security , and partner in the Monument Policy Group . "  I think the time is right . With travel loads increasing and with budgetary pressures , they need to find a way to do more with less . " "  This is a signal from Administrator Pistole that he 's not going to sit idly by and let the system be , " said Geoff Freeman , executive vice president of U.S. Travel Association . "  We hope this is a first step to wholesale reform , and kudos to him for having the courage to do that . The pilot test initially will be available only to certain frequent fliers on American and Delta airlines -- flying out of certain airports . Delta passengers must be flying out of Atlanta and Detroit airports , and American Airlines passengers must be flying out of Miami and Dallas airports . It is also open to participants in Custom and Border Protection 's Trusted Traveler programs , including Global Entry , SENTRI , and NEXUS . All participants must be U.S. citizens . The TSA said it plans to expand this pilot program to include United , Southwest , JetBlue , US Airways , Alaska Airlines and Hawaiian airlines , and additional airports , once operationally ready . Currently , the TSA vets passenger lists against "  watch lists " of known or suspected terrorists . But the TSA is working with a very limited amount of information about those passengers -- namely a person 's full name , date of birth and gender . Under "  trusted traveler " programs , travelers voluntarily surrender more information about themselves , giving the government more assurances of who they are . The amount and nature of the information that will be sought was not disclosed . In recent years , there has been a drumbeat of calls for the TSA to adopt a trusted traveler program . Congress and critics have stepped up that demand following two highly publicized incidents , one involving the search of a 6-year-old girl , and the other involving a 95-year-old cancer patient . In both cases , the TSA has said the airport screeners were following established protocols . But the TSA also has said it is working toward a "  risk-based " trusted traveler program that could expedite travel for people believed to present little risk to aviation . The TSA said Pistole will work with Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Alan Bersin and the airlines to determine passenger eligibility for this screening project , which is voluntary . All passengers in the pilot project will be subject to recurrent security checks . Verdery said that for the project to be successful , participants will want "  predictable " wait times , and assurances that they will go through different screening . Travelers also will want their reviews based on their individual characteristics , and not solely their relationship with their airline , since many travelers use multiple carriers , Verdery said . Verdery and Freeman both said it is crucial that special lanes be devoted to the trusted travels to expedite their passage . Security experts have long expressed concern about so-called "  clean skins " -- potential terrorists who enroll in "  trusted traveler " programs to avoid scrutiny during a terror mission . But the TSA says it will continue to incorporate random and unpredictable security measures to address such concerns . Pistole said other layers of security will remain in place , including intelligence gathering and analysis , explosive-detection canine teams , federal air marshals , closed-circuit television monitoring and behavior detection officers .	TSA announces pilot program The plan is to ease screening for travelers who provide additional personal information If successful , the program would likely be expanded to more travelers The pilot program will begin this fall
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Three people were arrested Saturday after chaos broke out at an "  America 's Next Top Model " audition at a New York hotel , police said . "  American 's Next Top Model " is hosted and produced by supermodel Tyra Banks . Six people were injured , and two of them sought treatment at a hospital , authorities said . Police said they did n't know what provoked the bedlam , which resulted in three people being charged with disorderly conduct and inciting a riot in connection to the incident at the Park Central New York hotel in Manhattan . The audition was shut down after the incident , authorities said . Calls to Park Central management were not immediately returned on Saturday . The "  Top Model " competition , hosted and produced by supermodel Tyra Banks and aired by the CW network , is in its 12th cycle .	Police : 3 people were arrested Saturday after chaos broke out at a TV show audition "  America 's Next Top Model " audition was being held at a New York hotel , police said Two people sought treatment at a hospital , authorities said "  Top Model " competition is hosted by Tyra Banks and airs on CW network
Doha , Qatar  CNN  -- Bahiya Al-Hamad is a 19-year-old college student and air-rifle shooter who is about to make history for her country . When she travels to London to take part in the Olympic Games this summer , she will be part of the first group of Qatari women ever to compete at the Olympics . Qatar is one of only three countries -- the others are Saudi Arabia and Brunei -- which have never sent female athletes to an Olympics Games . This year , three women will represent Qatar at London 2012 . The others are swimmer Nada Arkaji and sprinter Noor al-Malki . All three women have been given wild cards , but there is still a weight of expectation that is not lost of Al-Hamad . "  It 's an accomplishment for every Qatari woman , " she said . "  I hope I can live up to their expectation . " Training at her shooting club outside Qatar 's capital Doha , Al-Hamad added : "  Every athlete 's dream is to reach the Olympics . " Competing in London in July and August will be a high point in her life as well as a historic moment for Qatar . "  I will be very excited to go see the atmosphere there and it will sure be one the most special days of my life , " she said . Al-Hamad has won several regional competitions in the 10-meter rifle shooting category , but missed out on automatically qualifying for London 2012 by half a point . She said she was asleep when she received a call to say she had been awarded a wild card . "  I wanted to scream , " she said . "  I really loved it . I was optimistic , but never expected to reach the Olympics . "  My dream when it comes to shooting is to be the Olympic or world champion . " See also : Will Saudi women make Olympics debut ? One of her shooting club colleagues , Ali Rashid al-Mohannadi , 21 , Gulf and Arab champion , and a senior engineering student , said he has nothing but respect for Al-Hamad . "  I think women now are better than us , " he said . "  I 'm very happy , because she 's a talented shooter . I 'm very happy for her , and I hope she does well in the Olympic Games . " However , not everyone in his socially conservative country feel the same . "  I feel men do n't realize the idea yet , but it depends , " said Al-Hamad . "  Some of them are OK with it , some are not . They say ` you 're a girl and you shoot ? ' " She added : "  Before , shooting was only for guys but now it became normal for females to an extent . When they saw women emerging in shooting they became a little bit more accepting . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Iraqi artist inspired by George W Bush shoe thrower Al-Hamad , who is in her foundation year at Qatar University , is now training two hours a day , five days a week with her Uzbeki coach to be ready to compete alongside the world 's greatest 10-meter rifle shooters . "  We participated in the junior Olympic Games in Singapore two years back but the result was not good , " said her coach , Ivan Shahov . "  But I hope with this Olympic Games we have a chance . "	Qatar , Saudi Arabia and Brunei are the only countries that have never sent female athletes to Olympics Air rifle shooter Bahiya Al-Hamad , swimmer Nada Arkaji and sprinter Noor al-Malki will compete at London 2012 "  It 's an accomplishment for every Qatari woman , " said Al-Hamad
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration appealed Friday to the U.S. Supreme Court to delay next week 's scheduled execution in Texas of a Mexican national convicted of kidnapping , raping and murdering a 16-year-old girl . The execution of Humberto Leal Garcia , who was sentenced to death for the 1994 crimes , "  would place the United States in irreparable breach of its international-law obligation to afford  Leal  review and reconsideration of his claim that his conviction and sentence were prejudiced by Texas authorities ' failure to provide consular notification and assistance under the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations , " wrote Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. , in a friend-of-the-court brief . In a separate document , a letter to Texas Governor Rick Perry , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights asked that he commute the sentence to life in prison , according to Rupert Colville , a spokesman for Navi Pillay . The two requests were based on the failure of Texas authorities to grant the 38-year-old Leal -- who has lived in the United States since he was 2 years old -- access to a Mexican consular official at the time of his arrest . "  The lack of consular assistance and advice raises concerns about whether or not Mr. Leal Garcia 's right to a fair trial was fully upheld , " Colville said . The case "  raises questions " regarding compliance with a 2004 International Court of Justice ruling in what is known as the Avena case that the United States failed to fulfill its obligations to 51 Mexicans on death row in U.S. jails when it did not inform them of their right to contact their consular representatives "  without delay " after their arrests , he said . "  If the scheduled execution of Mr. Leal Garcia goes ahead , the United States government will have implemented a death penalty after a trial that did not comply with due process rights , " said Christof Heyns , the U.N. Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions . "  This will be tantamount to an arbitrary deprivation of life . " In its 30-page brief , the Obama administration said that complying with its obligations to notify consuls in such cases would serve U.S. interests as well as those of the condemned man . "  These interests include protecting Americans abroad , fostering cooperation with foreign nations , and demonstrating respect for the international rule of law , " it said . Evidence introduced at his trial included two statements he made to the police on the day of the murder "  during noncustodial interviews " that incriminated him . His lawyers have said that the failure of Texas to notify and give him access to the Mexican consul "  required suppression of the incriminating statements he made to the police , " the filing said . He is scheduled to be put to death Thursday . But the Texas trial court found that , because he was not in custody at the time he gave the statements , Vienna Convention obligations did not apply . The International Court of Justice said the remedy to the 2004 Avena case "  consists in the obligations of the United States of America to provide , by means of its own choosing , review and reconsideration of the convictions and sentences of  affected  Mexican nationals . " In 2005 , then-President George W. Bush said the United States would discharge its obligations under Avena by having state courts address them . That was called into question by a 2008 case that found that "  neither Avena nor the president 's memorandum constitutes directly enforceable federal law that pre-empts state limitations on the filing of subsequent habeas petitions . " But it said that Congress could pass a law addressing the obligations imposed by the Avena decision . That has happened . The administration noted in its filing Friday that the recently introduced Senate bill -- the Consular Notification Compliance Act -- would put the United States into compliance with its international obligations under Avena . It added that , since passage of that legislation by the House may take until early next year , Leal 's death sentence should be delayed until then . That argument did not persuade the district court , which noted that "  the filing of proposed legislation which might one day afford petitioner a remedy in the state or federal courts does not , standing alone , justify a stay of execution . " The court of appeals has backed up the lower court , concluding that Leal does not have "  a due process right to remain alive until the proposed Avena legislation becomes law . " But the administration said that going ahead with Leal 's execution would cause "  irreparable harm " to U.S. foreign policy interests by putting the United States "  in irremediable breach " of its international-law obligation . "  That breach would have serious repercussions for United States foreign relations , law-enforcement and other cooperation with Mexico , and the ability of American citizens traveling abroad to have the benefits of consular assistance in the event of detention . "	Humberto Leal Garcia was sentenced to death for the 1994 rape and murder of a 16-year-old girl Leal , a Mexican national , has lived in the United States since he was 2 years old He was not granted access to the Mexican consul prior to making incriminating statements His execution is scheduled for Thursday
CNN  -- When a flight of military helicopters descended into a field in the small village of Gruta , Poland , on Tuesday , residents had reason to be alarmed . After all , the village is only about 100 miles  161 kilometers  from the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad . And with current tensions between Poland and its NATO allies and Russia over the situation in Ukraine , well , it would be natural to worry . But it turned out this was more treat than threat . The six copters were U.S. Army . The five Black Hawks and one Chinook were on their way back to their temporary base in Poland from NATO exercises in Lithuania when bad weather forced them to land in the Gruta field , a Polish military spokesman told Bloomberg News . Whoever could in the village of 1,600 people flocked to the scene , according to the town 's website , chatting with the U.S. troops and posing for pictures . "  It 's a big treat to be able to see up close such a colossus , " the website said of the twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook . Town residents posed for pictures with the troops and the machine . "  Thank God it was the Americans , " the town 's mayor , Halina Kowalkowska , told Bloomberg . But she said the town 's excitement may have made residents forget their hospitality . "  Now , when I think about it , we could have served them some food , but we were in shock and the boys had to go , " Bloomberg quoted her as saying .	Bad weather forces six helicopters to land Villagers flock to a field for the surprise visit They mayor of the small village of Gruta regrets they did n't feed the U.S. soldiers
CNN  -- Iranian lawmakers have summoned President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to answer questions before Parliament about his management of economic policies and key government ministers . The move comes after a power struggle between Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei spilled into public view last year . It is the first time since the Iranian Revolution in 1979 that the Parliament has succeeded in summoning a president to testify before it . The internal political tensions coincide with outside pressure on Iran from the United States and other countries over Tehran 's nuclear program . One of the most sensitive questions lawmakers say they plan to ask concerns Ahmadinejad 's failed attempt to fire Intelligence Minister Heidar Moslehi in April . When Khamenei vetoed the move , Ahmadinejad retreated from the public eye , skipping Cabinet meetings . Top officials and media outlets close to Khamenei subsequently mounted a campaign of criticism singling out Ahmadinejad . Iranian news agencies reported that Ahmadinejad 's palace prayer leader , Abbas Amirifar , faced charges of "  sorcery " after producing a controversial film . Public criticism also focused on Ahmadinejad 's brother-in-law and chief of staff , Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei , whom Ahmadinejad appeared to have been grooming as a successor . The motion to summon Ahmadinejad , read out in Parliament on Tuesday , contained a long list of issues lawmakers want to take up with him , the semi-official Mehr News Agency reported , including "  the president 's alleged resistance to accept the Supreme Leader 's decree to reinstate the intelligence minister . " Other topics include "  the dismissal of the former foreign minister while on a diplomatic mission in Senegal , " several apparently flawed economic policy efforts and "  the president 's support for the promotion of the Iranian school of thought instead of the Islamic school of thought , " according to Mehr . Lawmakers say that the answers Ahmadinejad 's administration has provided so far have failed to satisfy them . Article 88 of the Iranian Constitution stipulates that the president must appear before the Parliament within a month of being summoned , unless lawmakers decide to withdraw the motion , according to the state-run Press TV . Deputy Speaker Mohammad Reza Bahonar said Tuesday that lawmakers hoped Ahmadinejad would appear by mid-March . Ahmadinejad has been in office since 2005 . He was re-elected in 2009 amid widespread demonstrations by the opposition . Khamenei backed Ahmadinejad through the tumult that followed the election , including a crackdown on protesters , during which security forces were unleashed on crowds and activists were prosecuted and jailed . Khamenei , a former president , became the supreme leader of Iran in 1989 after the death of Ayatollah Khomeini . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	Lawmakers say they want to question President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad It is the first time the Parliament has succeeded in summoning a president to testify The move comes after a power struggle between Ahmadinejad and Iran 's supreme leader
CNN  -- Federal jurors convicted the son of former Liberian president Charles Taylor Sr. of torture and conspiracy charges Thursday , said a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office in the southern district of Florida . Charles "  Chuckie " Taylor Jr. , also known as Charles McArthur Emmanuel , was found guilty on one count of torture , one count of conspiracy to commit torture and one count of possession of a firearm during the commission of a violent crime , said Alicia Valle , special counsel to the U.S. attorney . Taylor 's case , tried in Miami , Florida , was the first brought under a 1994 United States law saying those accused of committing torturous acts overseas can be tried in a U.S. federal court . "  Today 's conviction provides a measure of justice to those who were victimized by the reprehensible acts of Charles Taylor Jr. and his associates , " Attorney General Michael Mukasey said in a written statement . "  It sends a powerful message to human rights violators around the world that , when we can , we will hold them fully accountable for their crimes . " He could face a sentence of life in prison when he is sentenced January 8 . Although Taylor was born in Boston , Massachusetts , he moved to Liberia when his father was named president . Prosecutors said Taylor became the leader of the Anti-Terrorist Unit and the Liberian National Police while his father was president . The two groups are accused of abducting , torturing and killing people . According to prosecutors , Taylor committed torture and allowed others to commit torture . They burned certain victims with molten plastic , lighted cigarettes , candle wax and an iron ; severely beat victims with firearms and cut and stabbed victims ; and shocked certain victims with an electric device , prosecutors said in an indictment that superceded the initial indictment from 2006 . In the initial indictment , Taylor was charged with one count of torture , one count of conspiracy to torture and one count of using a firearm during the commission of a violent crime . The superceding September 2007 indictment -- which incorporated the initial charges -- included five counts of torture , one count of conspiracy to torture , one count of using a firearm during the commission of a violent crime and one count of conspiracy to use a firearm during the commission of a violent crime . The defense had said the U.S. government had little or no evidence to back up its claims . Charles Taylor Sr. is standing trial in The Hague , Netherlands , on war crimes charges . He was sentenced to 11 months in prison but was ordered detained on the torture charges and not released when that sentence expired , the U.S. attorney 's office said .	Charles "  Chuckie " Taylor Jr. is also known as Charles McArthur Emmanuel Prosecutors : Taylor was leader of groups that burned and beat people Taylor guilty of torture and conspiracy to commit torture He is first to be tried under law allowed overseas torture acts to be tried in U.S.
Doula , Cameroon  CNN  -- Gunmen opposed to Cameroon 's long-time leader traded fire with police for hours Thursday in the nation 's largest city , Doula . Eyewitnesses told CNN the gunmen , wearing military uniforms , blocked the busy Wouri Bridge brandishing signs reading "  Biya Must Go " and "  We Want The Dictator Out . " President Paul Biya has been in power in the West African nation for nearly 30 years . His decision to seek another seven-year term in the October 9 election has sparked unrest , and observers have warned that his expected victory might bring post-election violence . The state media , CRTV , reported that five gunmen had been captured and no civilian had been injured . One of the gun men plunged into the river , it said . His fate was unclear . There is a heavy presence of the military in the strategic Wouri area . The 5,900-foot-long bridge carries both road and rail traffic and is estimated to be used by nearly 40,000 people a day . "  This is a warning for the campaigners for Mr. Biya . They must accept what is right or go with the wind of change , " Collins Ntar , a fruit seller , told CNN . An angry youth who would not give his name told CNN , "  We are not happy with the Biya regime and we want him out by all costs . " With the expected unrest , popular marches have been banned in key parts of the country , including the Northwest and Littoral regions . Campaigns have officially kicked off in all regions , though at a snail 's pace . The 22 opposition candidates to challenge Biya say there is a slow disbursement of money from the government to fund their campaign rallies . In 2008 , Biya erased term limits from the constitution . That move , coupled with rocketing food prices , fueled anti-government riots that human rights groups , cited by the U.S. State Department , say killed approximately 100 people . The government of Cameroon put the number of deaths at 40 .	Gunman and police battle on a bridge in Doula , Cameroon The violence comes days before a presidential election Unrest was expected after President Biya , in office nearly 30 years , opted to seek another term
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday implored Sudanese officials to fully implement a 2005 peace agreement and move forward with a referendum that could see Sudan split into two nations . "  At this moment , the fate of millions of people hangs in the balance , " Obama told world leaders gathered at the United Nations to discuss the country 's future . "  What happens in Sudan in the days ahead may decide whether a people who have endured too much war move towards peace or slip backwards into bloodshed . " The vote is scheduled for January . It would allow the autonomous southern region -- which holds a majority of the nation 's oil -- to secede from the north . Fears that the process would cause more instability in the war-torn nation have sparked concerns among the international community . "  The referendum on self-determination ... must take place peacefully and on time , " Obama said . "  And the will of the people of southern Sudan and the region of Abyei must be respected regardless of the outcome . " Abyei is a disputed oil-rich city in southern Sudan . "  The worst-case scenario is war . Nobody wants war , but both sides are preparing for war , " said John Ashworth , a southern Sudan analyst . "  There are still major stumbling blocks . We have just over a hundred days to the referendum and virtually nothing is in place . " Obama called the stakes surrounding the vote "  enormous . " "  We all know the terrible price paid by the Sudanese people the last time north and south were engaged in war , " he said . The referendum was part of a 2005 peace agreement that ended two decades of violence between the north and the south . The conflict led to the deaths of 2 million people , many from starvation . "  This is the awful legacy of the conflict in Sudan . The past must not become Sudan 's future , " Obama said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon echoed Obama 's comments , saying , "  The Sudanese people can not afford a resumption of conflict . We must all assist them in finding a peaceful way through one of the most important passages in their country 's history . " Analysts say that a failure in Sudan would have broader implications , including sparking instability in the region . International aid agencies are urging world leaders to act as the referendum nears . "  Failure to act risks a new eruption of violence and threatens the future of Africa 's largest country , with just over 100 days until the referendum to decide whether the south should remain part of Sudan , " five international aid agencies said in a letter to world leaders . Oxfam , the International Rescue Committee , Tearfund , World Vision and Christian Aid warned that the next three months will be crucial for Sudan . The aid agencies work in the nation . "  This meeting will show whether they have the commitment to make the financial and political investment needed to help Sudan have a peaceful future , " said Kirsten Hagon , head of the Oxfam office in New York . "  Today 's decisions will affect the lives of millions of Sudanese people . " Obama cautioned , however , that "  no one can impose progress and peace on another nation . " "  Ultimately , only Sudanese leaders can ensure that the referendum goes forward and that Sudan finds peace , " he said . "  There 's a great deal of work that must be done and it must be done quickly . " Ban laid out expectations for the referendum as decided by the international community . "  We expect the referenda to be peaceful , carried out in an environment free of intimidation or other infringements of rights , " he said . "  We expect both parties to accept the results , and to plan for the consequences . And finally , we expect the parties to adhere to the -LSB- comprehensive peace agreement -RSB- , without unilateral acts on either side , north or south . " Obama said that those Sudanese leaders who follow the path to peace will enjoy improved relations with the United States , including agricultural development , expanding trade relations and "  even working to lift sanctions if leaders fulfill their obligations . " But for those "  who flout their responsibilities ... there must be consequences , " he said , warning of "  more pressure and deeper isolation . " Meanwhile , Amnesty International called on Sudanese authorities Friday to halt what it described as the intimidation of journalists . The group said journalists are regularly detained for carrying out their work while others have been tortured or tried on politically motivated charges . "  No credible poll can be conducted in an environment where freedom of speech is being so openly violated , " said Rania Rajji , Amnesty International 's Sudan researcher . "  The governments of north and south Sudan must ensure the vote is held in an atmosphere where all Sudanese can freely express their views and halt any further restrictions to freedom of expression . " Currently , Omar al-Bashir is the president of Sudan , while Salva Kiir serves as the president of the southern region and the nation 's vice president . At stake in the referendum are Sudan 's massive oil reserves , found mostly in the south , but still controlled by the government in the north . Ban said the U.N. mission in the country has trained more than 9,000 southern Sudanese police ahead of the vote . "  U.N. staff will be positioned in every county in southern Sudan during the polling , " he said . "  I have also established a panel to facilitate a credible , transparent process . " And Ban pledged the United Nations ' continued support "  in assisting all Sudanese in fulfilling their long-held hopes for a better future . " CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	The talks come as the referendum vote scheduled for January nears The vote could split Sudan into north and south "  Nobody wants war , but both sides are preparing for war , " an analyst says
New York  CNN  -- "  Unauthorized and unprofessional " is how an internal memo describes the conduct of an air traffic controller , who allegedly allowed his two young children to speak with pilots on an air traffic control frequency , and his supervisor , who allegedly allowed it to happen . The memo , dated February 25 , was written after the facilities manager for the air traffic control tower at New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport learned about the incident , a source who has seen the memo told CNN . "  The display of professionalism in the past by the control personnel at this facility has been exemplary , " the memo said . "  However , a lapse in judgment for what may seem a minor transgression diminishes our credibility and slights the high standards of professionalism . " It was not immediately clear what prompted the manager to write the memo or how he found out about the incident , the source said . The incidents occurred on succeeding days last month at JFK , the Federal Aviation Administration said this week , and the controller and the supervisor have been placed on paid administrative leave . "  We have an incredible team of professionals who safely control our nation 's skies every single day . This kind of behavior does not reflect the true caliber of our workforce , " FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt said in the statement Wednesday . Babbitt was referring to the February 16 incident involving the controller 's young son , who is heard in a recording -- posted on liveatc.net -- clearing a JetBlue flight for takeoff and later speaking to an apparent Aeromexico flight . Later , an FAA official , who asked not to be identified because of the ongoing investigation , said the controller brought his daughter into the same tower the following day , and the child was allowed to talk with pilots of two planes . A separate source said the supervisor "  should be making sure that things like this do n't happen . " Yet another source familiar with the investigation said the two children are twins . The controller who brought the children to work later reported that he had done so , the source said . The controller and supervisor involved are veteran employees , the official said . Dave Pascoe owner of the Web site where the recording of the air traffic communications is posted , told CNN he thinks the attention the incident has drawn is "  ridiculous " and it has been "  blown out of proportion . " In the recording , a child says , "  JetBlue 171 , cleared for takeoff . " A man then tells the plane , "  Here 's what you get , guys , when the kids are out of school . " The pilot chuckles and says , "  Wish I could bring my kid to work . " The same pilot later tells the child , "  Awesome job . " During the recording , which is dated February 17 , the child also speaks to an apparent Aeromexico flight . A recording from the following day , when the daughter was reportedly in the tower , also was posted on the Web site . FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown later said the incident took place about 7:30 p.m. February 16 . Pascoe said most people "  in the aviation community felt like this was  not  anything more than a noble thing , that a father would take his kid to work . " "  It was one incident where a kid was up in the control tower , " he said . "  If you know anything about aviation , you know that the air traffic control towers are highly supervised . ... A father was taking a child to work and let the kid clear planes for takeoff and now the world thinks it 's an unsafe place . " The FAA has suspended all unofficial visits to air traffic control operational areas during its investigation into the incident . Babbitt has directed a team to review air traffic control policies and procedures related to facility visitors . The National Air Traffic Controllers Association , the union representing controllers , issued a statement , saying its members "  do not condone this type of behavior in any way . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Memo says conduct of control personnel in the past "  has been exemplary " Memo goes on to say the "  lapse in judgment " slights the agency 's credibility The FAA has suspended all unofficial visits to air traffic control operation areas
CNN  -- House Republicans pushed through a trillion-dollar farm bill -- approved by the Senate Tuesday -- that will cut food stamps by $ 8 billion over the next decade and reduce food allotments for more than 850,000 households by around $ 90 a month . The measure passed despite opposition from Tea Party Republicans who were seeking even more savage cuts . If the Republican Party hopes to revive the Bush-era idea of "  compassionate conservatism , " this is n't the way to do it . The bill was the culmination of a three-year battle over food stamps , also called the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , or SNAP . House Democrats who supported the measure said they compromised . This version , they said , was better than previous ones ; Tea Party Republicans had wanted a 5 % cut , not 1 % . The White House has signaled that President Obama will sign the bill . He should n't , but this is a pragmatic president . So he probably will . That the legislation slashes aid to hungry children might be justifiable if it did n't also hand out $ 90 billion over 10 years -- $ 7 billion more than before -- in subsidized crop insurance to farmers , which virtually guarantees revenue . The agribusiness lobby , which includes large farming concerns as well as publicly traded corporations like Monsanto and Kroger , spent $ 111 million pressing lawmakers , according to Bloomberg . That 's more than the defense and union lobbies combined . Connecticut Rep. Rosa DeLauro , a Democrat who voted against the measure , called it "  nothing more than reverse Robin Hood legislation that steals food from the poor in favor of crop subsidies for the rich . " If not for the hungry children , there might be a bright side . It 's not every day that the real constituency of establishment Republicans is revealed so clearly . Typically , the GOP 's representation of big business is shrouded by rhetorical expressions of concern for workaday Americans . For instance , after President Obama announced he would use his executive authority to raise the base wage of workers employed by companies with federal contracts , House Speaker John Boehner accused Obama of hurting workers by hurting their employers . "  We know from increases in the minimum wage in the past that hundreds of thousands of low-income Americans have lost their jobs , and so the very people the President purports to help are the ones who are going to get hurt by this , " Boehner told reporters last week on Capitol Hill . While it may sound credible to argue that paying workers $ 3 and some change more per hour actually hurts them in the long run  because businesses hiring them shed workers to avoid paying more  , it 's completely incredible to say feeding hungry Americans more hurts them . The most extreme wing of the Republican Party , including those who opposed the farm bill , claims that it spends money the government does n't have . If so , such moments of scarcity demand tough and moral decisions be made according to priorities . With this bill , the Republicans have said loudly that corporations with billions in revenue are more important than children . The Republicans ' real constituency is n't the only thing exposed . So is their opposition to "  redistribution . " That 's movement conservatism 's core complaint with the welfare state : They say government takes money from hard-working Americans , who play by the rules and strive to succeed , and gives it to the undeserving poor . Another variation comes from talk-radio show host Rush Limbaugh : "  Redistribution is theft , " he said last month . "  It is a powerful government taking from people they deem to have too much , or more than they need , and then just giving it to people they deem worthy of receiving it . " But as this farm bill reveals , Republicans are not opposed to redistribution at all . Quite the contrary . The question is n't whether the government should redistribute . The question is who should get the distributions . Republicans have argued for years that help should only be given to those who help themselves . During a fundraising event , Lee Bright , a Republican state senator of South Carolina who is challenging U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham , said : "  Able-bodied people , if they do n't work , they should n't eat . " That argument is exposed as fundamentally bankrupt in light of the fact , as journalist Sasha Abramsky reported last year , that "  22 % of children in America live in poverty -- a number far higher than that in any other peer nation . More than 47 million Americans avoid hunger only because of the existence of the federal food stamp program . " But of course this is about hungry children . Lots of them . Perhaps worst of all is the moral climate created and maintained by Limbaugh & Co. in which depriving children of food is permissible . Case in point : In Utah recently , around 40 students in one of Salt Lake City 's elementary schools watched as food-service workers seized their lunches and threw them into the trash . The reason ? Unpaid meal accounts . Said one outraged mother : "  These are young children that should n't be punished . " Amen to that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Stoehr .	John Stoehr : If GOP wants "  compassionate conservatism , " food stamp cuts are n't the way Stoehr : Cuts might be justified if agribusiness did n't get $ 90 billion over 10 years He says the GOP is not opposed to redistribution of wealth if it gets distributed to the wealthy
CNN  -- The most destructive fire in Colorado 's history is now 90 % contained , officials said Wednesday . The Waldo Canyon Fire near Colorado Springs burned more than 18,000 acres after starting June 23 , prompting the evacuation of several neighborhoods days later . The wildfire destroyed 346 homes , according to InciWeb , a website that gathers fire information from various U.S. agencies . It called the fire the most destructive in state history . The Colorado Office of Emergency Management says it is monitoring four other major fires in the state , two of which were contained as of Wednesday evening . The threat of fire is still high across the state . As a result , no Independence Day fireworks are allowed on public lands , said Rick Barton , an information officer for the Pine Ridge Fire burning near Grand Junction . Other fireworks shows are being allowed only by special permits , he said , and no charcoal grills are allowed outside in most of the state .	The Waldo Canyon Fire destroyed 346 homes It prompted the evacuation of neighborhoods near Colorado Springs Two other major fires are fully contained The threat of fire remains high
CNN  -- A top-level Pakistani Taliban leader was captured by U.S. forces in a military operation , a State Department spokesman said Friday . The Pakistani Taliban , known as Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan  TTP  , confirmed Friday that its deputy chief , Latif Mehsud , was arrested in Afghanistan 's Khost province four days ago , but it received word of the arrest Thursday , said a source within the terror organization who spoke on the condition of anonymity . Mehsud , 32 , who 's from Sararogha in South Waziristan , is a key aide to TTP leader Hakeemullah Masud and organized all external meetings with journalists and others on behalf of the chief . The TTP had ties with the failed attempt to bomb Times Square in New York in 2010 , said Marie Harf , deputy spokeswoman for the State Department . "  I do n't have further details about the operation to share with you at this time , " Harf said Friday of Mehsud 's arrest . "  TTP has , is also responsible for attacks on our diplomats in Pakistan and attacks that have killed countless Pakistani civilians . "	Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan confirms the arrest , source says Deputy chief Latif Mehsud is arrested in Afghanistan 's Khost province , source says "  I do n't have further details about the operation , " State Department spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Authorities in Mississippi are being tight-lipped about the death of a mayoral candidate and the arrest of a man found alone in the candidate 's damaged SUV . On Thursday , the Coahoma County Sheriff 's Office announced that a suspect , Lawrence Reed , faces a murder charge in the death of Marco McMillian . Reed , 22 , was found in McMillian 's wrecked SUV on Tuesday morning and was taken to a hospital . He is in good condition , the Sheriff 's Office said Thursday . On Wednesday , authorities found McMillian 's body near a levee between Sherard and Rena Lara , two unincorporated communities about 15 minutes away from Clarksdale in northwestern Mississippi 's Delta region . Officials have yet to comment on why or how McMillian was killed . "  It 's too early in the investigation to know what the motive is , " Sheriff 's Office spokesman Will Rooker said of McMillian 's death . McMillian 's body was taken to the capital , Jackson , for an autopsy . Patricia McMillian said that even though media reports since her son 's death have labeled him as openly gay , his death likely had nothing to do with his sexual orientation . She told CNN that her son had told only family and friends that he was gay . "  He did not announce in public that he was gay , " she said , adding , "  I do n't think he was attacked because he was gay . " She said that she did n't know Reed . "  We never heard of him , " said Amos Unger , Marco McMillian 's stepfather . McMillian 's Facebook page shows a glimpse at a man who was politically ambitious . It includes a picture of McMillian posing with President Barack Obama . His campaign motto : "  Moving Clarksdale forward . " McMillian 's short biography on Facebook said he had spent much of his career raising money for universities after he graduated from Jackson State with a degree in elementary education . He also received a master 's in philanthropy and development from Saint Mary 's University of Minnesota . Condolences flooded the page , including one from a man who wrote that McMillian , 34 , was one of Clarksdale 's best leaders . "  The shocking news of Marco 's death is beyond difficult for us to process , " his campaign team posted Thursday . "  We remember Marco as a bold and passionate public servant , whose faith informed every aspect of his life . " Bill Luckett , who like McMillian was running for mayor as a Democrat , said he thought the politician was "  cordial and articulate . " "  It 's a bizarre situation , " Luckett said . "  A sad story . " McMillian picked up a host of awards in recent years . In 2009 , he received the Thurgood Marshall Prestige Award from the Thurgood Marshall College Fund . In 2004 , Ebony magazine recognized him as one of the country 's top leaders younger than 30 . His fraternity , Phi Beta Sigma , released a lengthy note about McMillian 's accomplishments Thursday . McMillian "  made an incredible difference in his community " it read , adding that he was the executive director of the fraternity from 2007 to 2011 . McMillian secured the first federal contract to raise awareness about HIV and AIDS among African-Americans for the fraternity and helped it form partnerships with organizations such as the U.S. Marine Corps and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in discussing the disease . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Lawrence Reed faces murder charge in Marco McMillian 's death McMillian was found dead miles from his wrecked SUV , police say Mississippi authorities say Reed was found in McMillian 's SUV McMillian had national recognition for his civic achievements
Washington  CNN  -- Newtown . Aurora . Columbine . Tucson . Virginia Tech . The tragic shootings in each of these and other towns have ignited public sentiment for some kind of gun reforms and fired up gun advocates to protect what they see as their constitutional right of easy access to firearms . According to recent polls , more than 90 % of Americans favor some form of background checks for firearm purchases , particularly at gun shows , but the efficacy of the measure remains dubious by both law enforcement and gun control advocates . But , as Congress wrestles with what new measures -- if any -- should be passed to control gun purchases , one question looms : In those and other mass shootings , would background checks have made any difference ? How background checks work Looking back , background checks did not stop three mass shootings that claimed more than 40 lives since 2011 . In the massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , where 26 people , mostly children , were gunned down at Sandy Hook Elementary School , Adam Lanza used two semi-automatic handguns and a semi-automatic rifle . He did n't get a background check for those weapons . They were legally purchased and registered to his mother , Nancy Lanza , who was his first victim . Last July , James Holmes walked into a crowded theater in Aurora , Colorado , and began shooting . His AR-15 , two 9 mm Glocks , .40 caliber pistol and 12-guage shotgun were all purchased legally , after his name was submitted to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System  NICS  . Twelve people were killed . The same is true with Jared Loughner , who shot then-Rep . Gabrielle Giffords and 19 other people , killing six , in Tucson in January 2011 . His application was never flagged when run through NICS -- the database from which potential firearms buyers are determined legally eligible to purchase a gun . NRA ` plucks the bird ' to weaken gun proposals "  The one shooter that might have been prevented by background checks and was not was the Virginia Tech shooter because he had , in fact , been adjudicated to be potentially violent , " said National Rifle Association President David Keene . Seung-Hui Cho , who killed 32 people in 2007 on the picturesque Virginia Tech campus in Blacksburg , had been deemed mentally ill by a judge , which is one of the criteria used to disqualify certain people trying to buy a gun . Others who could be potentially disqualified include convicted felons , fugitives , drug addicts and domestic abusers . Cho 's case apparently slipped through the cracks and the state of Virginia has since instituted a series of reforms in its reporting procedures to NICS as a result . Cho might have been stopped if universal checks were the law , Vice President Joe Biden said . "  One of the problems that was pointed out here was that there was an adjudication of the young man that committed the crime at Virginia Tech , and yet he was able to go out and purchase two weapons , " Biden said in January . The current Senate proposed bill called the "  Fix Gun Checks Act " seeks to remedy the database deficiencies by forcing the states to become more involved in submitting names into the existing system . The sticking point with the proposal for many anti-gun control proponents is the requirement that background checks cover every firearm sold , whether at gun shows , the Internet or private sales . Sens. Joe Manchin III , D-West Virginia , and Patrick J. Toomey , R-Pennsylvania , announced Wednesday a bipartisan deal on background checks for gun shows and Internet sales , but a similar agreement in the House is still unlikely . Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , who wrote the latest Senate bill , said his was an expansion of the 1994 Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act that banned military-style assault weapons for a decade before it expired . "  Every major expert believes that universal background checks will save lots of lives , " Schumer told CNN . He added that 1.7 million people "  have gone to firearms dealers and been denied guns because they were felons or adjudicated mentally ill because of the Brady law . " But the NRA 's Keene disagreed . "  The tipping point for all this gun control talk about background checks is actually an example of how background checks do n't matter ... -LSB- the -RSB- killer will find a way to get a gun even if he kills the owner . "	Mass shootings have ignited public sentiment for some kind of new gun control Examples of gunmen in recent mass shootings suggest background checks not a panacea . The Virginia Tech case is one where a background check might have made a difference Gun rights advocates oppose universal checks , any new record-keeping requirement
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- For the first time since media coverage was banned in 1991 , the return of the body of a fallen member of the U.S. armed forces was opened to news outlets late Sunday . A transport plane carries caskets of U.S. servicemen in this photo the Pentagon released in 2005 . The U.S. Air Force informed media on Sunday that the family of Staff Sgt. Phillip Myers consented to allowing coverage of his casket being returned to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware . Myers , 30 , of Hopewell , Virginia , was a member of an engineering unit based in Britain . He died Saturday in a roadside bombing in southern Afghanistan , the U.S. military reported . In February , President Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates overturned a policy that dated back to the first Persian Gulf war . They agreed to allow reporters to observe the remains of American troops being returned to the U.S. military mortuary at Dover , as long as families agreed . The policy was supposed to take effect on Monday , and no reason was given why reporters were allowed to view the proceedings on Sunday . Watch report on lifting of the ban "	Family of Staff Sgt. Phillip Myers consents to coverage of his casket 's return Body of Myers brought to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Sunday night This is first time that media coverage has been allowed since ban in 1991 In February , President Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates overturned policy
CNN  -- Justin Legg could dead-lift a washing machine and carry it across the street . He could swim miles on end and run a marathon on one day 's notice . The former Navy SEAL stayed in top shape because his life -- and the lives of his teammates -- depended on it . But when his physical strength deteriorated in a fight against cancer , Legg had to rely on his mental fortitude to carry him through four years of excruciating pain , a bone marrow transplant and two collapsed lungs . Finally back on his feet , Legg now has a new mission . He 's relearning to run , one step at a time , in honor of the 19-year-old boy who saved his life . Newlywed nightmare The pain started in his ribs . Legg brushed it off , figuring a martial arts fight had gotten the best of him . He and his new wife , Suzanne , were enjoying their first few months of marital bliss in Louisiana . He was rebuilding their house -- the one that Hurricane Katrina had destroyed -- in between training at a military base in Mississippi . But the pain persisted and his workouts soon started to suffer . "  For me it was pretty easy to run 10 , 15 miles , " Legg says . "  Suddenly I could n't run five . I got to three and my legs just ground to a halt . " In June 2006 , shortly before his 28th birthday , Legg 's doctor called and told him that his white blood cell count was elevated . The military sent Legg to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , to get checked out . The diagnosis : acute lymphoblastic leukemia . "  My first question was , ` Can I still be a SEAL ? ' " Legg remembers . Still in shock , Suzanne was ticked off : "  Not ` My new bride ' or ` What 's our new life going to be like ? ' but ` Am I going to be able to roll in the dirt with my friends and blow up things ? ' My whole world in front of me just went black . " Doctors immediately started Legg on eight straight days of chemotherapy . The drugs had no mercy -- attacking healthy and unhealthy cells alike , weakening his entire body . "  They tell you to take your IV pole and walk a lap around the floor each day to avoid clots , " Legg says . "  I remember leaning on that IV pole , just draping my arms over top of it just to get around the ward once . " That did n't stop him from doing lunges in the hospital library , using books as weights . In addition to leukemia , doctors discovered Legg had the Philadelphia Chromosome , an abnormality in his genes that caused cancerous cells to duplicate 80 times faster than in other patients . Chemotherapy was n't going to be enough ; he needed a bone marrow transplant . Husband walks streets in search of kidney donor Attacked from within Like many SEALs , Legg is a little "  twisted , " Suzanne says . He 's stubborn . Intense . Arrogant . "  If you tell him , ` There 's a very low chance that you 'll get through this , ' well , he knows he can . If you tell him , ` You ca n't , ' he loves to prove you wrong . That 's the little cherry on top for him . " She believes that attitude saved him . Legg developed graft-versus-host disease shortly after receiving a bone marrow transplant from a German donor . With graft-vs . - host disease , the new cells attack the recipient 's body because they see it as a foreign entity . "  For the first two months I was throwing up every day because my stomach was getting beat up so bad , " Legg says . He also developed a severe skin condition . Anytime he got warm , hives would break out all over his body . For months , Legg worked out with a mouth guard so he could get through the pain without screaming . In 2007 , Legg went back to work and rejoined the SEALs as a platoon commander . He knew his struggle was n't over , but he was managing the disease . Managing it , that is , until a doctor made a mistake with his medication , causing his symptoms to flare up again . His hands and feet itched like crazy . A mouth full of sores caused any crunchy food to hurt like a razor blade . Cause for more concern was his liver and lungs , which were failing rapidly . By February 2009 , it had gotten so bad that he had to resign from his SEAL team . "  That crushed me , " he says . "  That was everything I had worked for since I was 14 or 15 years old . " And the worst was yet to come . "  I remember the day my lungs collapsed . I remember them putting me on a gurney , calling a code blue , rushing me through the hospital . " Legg slipped into a coma . "  The doctors told me how sick he was , how close to death he was , " Suzanne says . "  I was just thinking ... there is no way Justin can die like this . He will be so PO-ed . " After two weeks , Legg awakened from his coma . For a while , his body seemed OK , but doctors were worried about his chest scans . After everything he had been through , the news that he would need a double lung transplant barely fazed him . "  Death was n't an option , " Legg says . "  In my mind , I 've always thought that I have the ability to prevent this from happening . I have the ability to fight it off . " He had the operation on July 22 , 2010 . Back on his feet Just eight months after his transplant , Legg completed a half marathon . In September 2012 , he half-ran , half-walked his second . Working with Team in Training , a fundraising program with the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society , Legg has collected more than $ 39,000 this year for cancer research . He hopes to raise another $ 11,000 by running the Disney Wine & Dine half marathon in November . If he reaches his fundraising goal before the end of the year , he 'll be allowed to name a research project after his lung donor , 19-year-old Jarred McKinley Carter . "  Jarred abruptly ended his life on July 20 , 2010 , without knowing what an incredible person he was , " his mother , Julie McCarthy , told CNN in an e-mail . "  Jarred died believing that he did n't matter , that no one would remember his name ... Justin and Jarred are now joined together -- a brotherhood -- on a mission to help others . They endure training together , go on adventures together . My son still lives and breathes . " Legg hopes to meet McCarthy in Florida after the November race . He is reminded every day that he would n't be alive if it were n't for her son . Follow Legg 's journey on Twitter | Donate to his cause Legg still struggles to do simple tasks , like mow the lawn or climb stairs . Most lung transplant patients die from complications within five years , a statistic that 's always in the back of Suzanne 's mind . "  I constantly ask him , ` Are you OK ? Are you breathing ? ' That drives him crazy , " she says with a laugh . "  But  if there 's one person that can live for 25 years with a new set of lungs , it 's going to be him . " For now , the couple is focusing on taking things one step at a time -- all the way to the finish line . Legg strives to follow his SEAL team 's motto : Earn Your Trident Everyday . "  You must do something to improve yourself each day , " he wrote on his blog . "  That does n't mean just doing what is required . That means stretch your limits a little bit farther than the day before . " For Team in Training , the race is n't about running	Justin Legg survived leukemia and a double lung transplant Once a Navy SEAL , Legg now struggles to climb stairs and mow the lawn Legg is running half-marathons for his 19-year-old lung donor
CNN  -- It was n't supposed to happen . America 's youth were supposed to be apathetic and disheartened . We were n't supposed to be at the polls . The word was that we had fallen out of love with President Obama , the man who inspired us four years ago . Big money would silence our voices and make our efforts inconsequential . Two-thousand-twelve would be nothing like 2008 ; the youth vote would n't be the decisive force it was four years ago . We saw it differently . In two consecutive elections , more than half of my generation voted : It is clear now , if it was n't before , that we recognize our responsibility to our country . In fact , this time we made up an even larger percentage  19 %  of the electorate than we did four years ago  18 %  . Opinion roundup : Where Obama , and America , go from here We still support the man who has stood up for us : Sixty percent of voters age 18-29 chose President Obama on Tuesday . I do n't think any young person was surprised , however , that older Americans had no idea what we were thinking . My generation has been burdened by a misguided war that damaged our credibility abroad . We 've been told the national debt is so large that we 'll never be able to pay it back . We have experienced an economic crisis unlike any since the Great Depression . We have watched our environment head toward disaster and our government stand at an impasse . We have been told over and over that America is no longer the great country it once was . But our participation in the election and our overwhelming support for the president are indicative of our hope for the future and our compulsion to start tackling these problems now . Opinion : Women gain wider access to power We do n't support the president just because he 's "  cool , " plays basketball or listens to Jay-Z . Instead , we recognize that he , too , is ready to meet these great challenges . And we want to help him build a stronger , safer , more just America . This election also revealed that my generation has moved past many of the debates of our parents and grandparents : The youth vote was imperative to the legalization of same-sex marriage in Maine and Maryland , the rejection of constitutional discrimination in Minnesota and the election of a president who supports equal pay , reproductive rights and fair immigration reform . For us , these issues are a matter of common sense . We may have been disenchanted with politics over the past few years , but this election proves that it 's not because we do n't care . Rather , we reject petty posturing , partisan gridlock and inaction . Voting is great , but it 's not an accomplishment . It 's a responsibility . We recognize that going to the polls is the easiest thing we are going to have to do . In August , I wrote that in this election , young people would display a deep commitment to our country and its ideals , and provide a preview of the America we intend to build . We accomplished the first two , and that gives me hope that we will succeed in building a future of which we can be proud . The next time someone claims that my generation does n't care and wo n't help , remind them that we showed up , voted for change and are ready to get to work . Letter from the editor : Election night was about the facts The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack Schlossberg .	Jack Schlossberg : Young voters were said to lack enthusiasm and to be unlikely to vote He says they turned out to support President Obama , causes they believe in Voting is a responsibility , he says , and his generation is prepared to do much more
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- For the first time since September 11 , 2001 , America is having a vigorous national debate about how to succeed in Afghanistan . This debate is entirely worth having . Whenever America sends its citizens into harm 's way , it must do so with eyes wide open . Though no veteran would ever think of himself as "  pro-war , " I believe that the fight in Afghanistan is critical to our national security . Our goals there are achievable and success is worth the continued sacrifice . We must succeed in Afghanistan for many reasons , but one stands above all : the world walked away from Afghanistan once , and it descended into a cauldron of violence , hatred and human rights atrocities that served as the base for the worst terrorist attack in history against our homeland . We can not let that happen again , and we can not let the Taliban and its al Qaeda allies conquer Afghanistan once more . Failure of this kind would also destabilize the entire strategically vital region , including nuclear-armed Pakistan . We know what it takes to succeed in Afghanistan : a resolute commitment to the principles of counterinsurgency , which turned Iraq around during the surge . I am confident that properly resourced counterinsurgency policy , adapted to the unique culture and geography of Afghanistan , can lead to success there . Our entire military chain of command supports this approach , as do our NATO allies , which they made clear at their recent defense ministerial meeting in Bratislava . I supported President Obama when he called for a counterinsurgency plan in March , and I did so again when he deployed Gen. Stanley McChrystal to lead the command in Kabul . I agree with our commander 's assessment of the security situation as "  deteriorating " and that our civilian and military leaders urgently need more resources , including more combat troops , to turn the tide toward success . I sympathize with our president , because sending men and women into harm 's way is the most difficult decision that a commander-in-chief must make . However , Americans are already serving in harm 's way in Afghanistan , and the sooner we can provide the reinforcements and resources they need , the safer and more successful they will be . So I am urging President Obama to move as quickly as possible to fully support Gen. McChrystal 's request for more troops . It is true that the Afghan government is not as strong or credible as we would like , but that should not deter us from committing more civilian and military resources now . Local governments in counterinsurgency environments are usually weak and fledgling . There is an insurgency in the first place because it seeks to exploit the local population 's dissatisfaction with its government . As long as Afghanistan is insecure , it is unreasonable to assume that governance will improve . That is why protecting the population must be job one right now , and in the immediate term , much of that work must be done by U.S. and NATO troops . As security improves , however , we will be able to train capable , battle-tested Afghan security forces that can defend their country . We can break the insurgency 's momentum , enabling Afghans to reconcile with former fighters who are willing to lay down their arms . And we can create an environment of safety in which it is more realistic to expect Afghan leaders to meet the high standards of their fellow citizens and their international partners -- namely , the provision of justice and opportunity , the protection of human rights and a crackdown on corruption . Ultimately , Afghans will judge the legitimacy of their government not only by the result of one round of voting , but by its performance in delivering basic services . Success in Afghanistan will emerge , as it did in Iraq , when local leaders and citizens are more and more able to take responsibility for governing and securing their own sovereign country without substantial international assistance . This wo n't be perfect or easy , but it will allow America 's fighting men and women to leave Afghanistan with honor , and it will enable Afghans to build a better , more peaceful future . That is our goal , and we must stay in the fight until it is won . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John McCain .	Sen. John McCain : It 's good to have a debate about Afghan war He says United States can not let Taliban and al Qaeda have a victory He says a counterinsurgency effort can succeed in Afghanistan McCain : Obama should give Gen. McChrystal the troops he 's seeking
Karachi , Pakistan  CNN  -- The sister of a Pakistani prisoner described as the "  poster girl " for Islamic jihad has urged ISIS hostage-takers to let their captives go . Speaking exclusively to CNN from her home in Karachi , Pakistan , the sister of Dr. Aaifa Siddiqui said the jailed neuroscientist 's family wanted "  no violence in Aafia 's name . " "  I 'm Aafia 's sister . We 're Aafia 's family . And we speak on her behalf as well . We want no violence in Aafia 's name . Our whole struggle has been one that is dignified that is peaceful that is legal , " Fowzia Siddiqui said . A jury in New York convicted Aafia Siddiqui on seven charges , including attempted murder and armed assault on U.S. officers , in 2010 . No one was wounded in the incident . She is serving her 86-year sentence at a facility in Texas . At the time of the 2008 shooting , Siddiqui was in police custody after being arrested outside the Ghazni governor 's compound in Afghanistan . She was said to be acting suspiciously and found to be carrying "  numerous documents describing the creation of explosives , chemical weapons , and other weapons involving biological material and radiological agents , " according to court documents . The papers included descriptions of various U.S. landmarks and military assets , excerpts from the "  Anarchist 's Arsenal , " and a number of chemical substances in bottles and glass jars , the documents said . Terror links ? Siddiqui has never been charged with a terror-related offence , though U.S. authorities made the link long before her capture . In 2004 , she was placed on an FBI alert list as a sought-after al Qaeda member . Her family has insisted she has no ties to terror . "  There is no connection with al Qaeda , the Taliban or any terrorist organization . She was n't even charged with terrorism , " Fowzia said . However , Saddiqui 's name has recently appeared on documents purportedly from Islamic militants in Syria . A letter sent to the family of U.S. journalist James Foley , before video of his beheading surfaced this month , said the U.S. government had been given "  many chances " to negotiate for his release . It singled out Siddiqui by name . "  We have also offered prisoner exchanges to free the Muslims currently in your detention like our sister Dr Afia Sidiqqi  sic  , however you proved very quickly to us that this is NOT what you are interested in , " the email said , which was published in full on the GlobalPost website . ` She is an icon ' Fowzia Siddiqui said her sister 's name had been appropriated by terrorists to suit their own agenda . "  Any kind of kidnappers , ISIS these days , the Aafia brigade , or whoever wants to claim Aafia , " she said . She said labels like "  Lady al Qaeda " and the "  Grey Lady of Bagram , " used by the media in reference to her sister made her cringe . "  When I hear these things , like Lady al Qaeda -- I do n't even want to repeat that word -- and you know , it hurts . It really hurts . " Deborah Scroggins , the author of "  Wanted Women , " said Siddiqui had become a cause de celebre for followers of jihad . "  She is an icon , she is the poster girl for jihad , a rallying point ... she 's not just any woman , she is the premier symbol of the Muslim woman in distress , " she said . Conflicting accounts Fowzia , an accomplished clinical neurologist who trained at Harvard Medical School , said her family had suffered tremendously since Aafia vanished with her three young children in March 2003 . She had just finished her thesis in cognitive neuroscience , and had left the family home to go to Islamabad , but never arrived . The youngest child was just six months old . "  It 's as if she had fallen off the surface of the Earth ... I ca n't tell you how painful it was not knowing . You know if someone dies then you have a closure . Here , there was no closure , " Fowzia said . Five years of rumor and false leads ended in 2008 when news emerged that Aafia was in U.S. custody , accused of crimes for which she was later imprisoned . Prosecutors said Siddiqui shot at two FBI special agents , a U.S. Army warrant officer , an Army captain and military interpreters while she was being held unsecured at an Afghan facility on July 18 , 2008 . The warrant officer returned fire , shooting her in the torso , according to court documents . Her family said the official version of events was wrong . "  She was in custody . How could she in custody snatch a rifle , or even pick up a rifle from six armed U.S. marshals , one woman ? " she asked . "  I mean , these are U.S. Marshalls , FBI agents trained in weaponry , how could she ? It just does n't make sense . " Calls for release Fowzia said her sister was the victim of the "  war on terror , " that she said had created an atmosphere of fear and prejudice against Muslims . "  It 's like they are labeled guilty and not even given a proper chance to prove their innocence , and a similar kind of thing happened with my sister , " she said . She said a lot of a misinformation had created a false impression of a woman who had wanted to use her degree to improve education in Pakistan . The family claims Aafia was never married to the nephew of 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Muhammad , as had been widely reported . A online petition to the White House seeking Aafia 's release has received more than 100,000 signatures over several weeks , and her family is currently seeking her release on appeal . "  Aafia should be released , but not for ransom , not in exchange , not for other people that are kidnapped by extremists , no . She should be released because that is the right thing to do , " Fowzia said .	Aafia Siddiqui is serving 86-year sentence in a Texas jail for attempted murder The neuroscientist shot at Americans in Afghanistan in 2008 , authorities said Militants have named her in potential hostage swap deals But her sister says she has no terror links and has been wrongly jailed
CNN  -- Henrik Stenson 's accountant must be grinning from ear to ear after the Swedes 's incredible winning streak last year . But the world No. 3 is n't getting carried away . "  Like someone said : ` Money is only paper , ' right ? It 's not really going to make you much more happy or extremely sad if you lose a bit , " Stenson says . Easy to say , perhaps , after netting a cool $ 20 million in prize money in 2013 . But it 's not the fiscal peaks that have helped shape the 37-year-old 's apparently easy-going attitude to money as much as one spectacular loss . Stenson was a victim of the convicted fraudster Allen Stanford and reportedly lost several million dollars in the Texan 's $ 7 billion Ponzi scheme , which was uncovered in 2009 . The Swede said it was n't so much the scale of the losses but rather the way in which the money went . "  It was probably more about , you know , how you lose something when you think something is a safe investment when it turns out it  is n't  , " Stenson told CNN 's Shane O'Donoghue . "  That 's got to be more disappointing than taking it to the casino -- you lose , but you know what the risks are . That was probably more what upset me the most about the whole thing . "  I guess I was in a position where I can make up for it in a pretty short space of time . Other people would n't be so lucky . For me , it 's like a closed chapter . I moved on long ago , but I keep getting reminded of it now and again , " he says , before breaking into a smile . Getting up and down He can afford to smile after becoming the first golfer to win both the PGA Tour 's FedExCup and the European Tour 's Race to Dubai in the same season . Stenson claimed the $ 10 million prize for winning the FedExCup after winning the season-ending Tour Championship at Atlanta 's East Lake Golf Club in September before storming to a six-stroke victory in the DP World Tour Championship in Dubai eight weeks later . It was an unprecedented end to a season which saw Stenson return to golf 's top table after recovering from a debilitating and prolonged slump . After winning golf 's "  fifth major , " The Players Championship at Sawgrass in May 2009 , Stenson looked set to join the sport 's elite with strong showings at the U.S. Open  ninth place  and the U.S.PGA Championship  tied sixth  later that season . A tie for third in the Open Championship at St Andrews the following year only seemed to confirm his status as a serious contender for a major title . But things fell apart in the second half of 2010 before completely unraveling in 2011 with a succession of missed cuts and only one top 10 finish all year . As if the loss of form was n't sickening enough , Stenson then picked up a waterborne parasite on holiday in November 2011 which led to a bout of viral pneumonia . "  He lost what we call the ground force because physically he was poorly , " says Pete Cowen , Stenson 's long-time swing coach . "  If you lose your physical strength you lose all your control . " That lack of power sent Stenson tumbling down the rankings from a career high of world No. 5 in 2009 to 230th . It was n't the first time Stenson had gone from golden boy to nowhere man . A year after clinching his maiden European Tour victory in 2001  at the now defunct Benson and Hedges International Open  the Swede missed 14 cuts and won just over â ‚ ¬ 40,000  $ 55,000  . "  It was big slump . They were really tough times , " he recalls . "  I was really lost with my game , I lost my confidence . " On course for recovery The second , more recent reverse was less to do with any technical deficiencies than with "  frustrations , " he says at not being able to compete like he used to . "  The most important thing I did with my old sport psychologist  Torsten Hansson  was to start working on the long-term planning . When you are down and out , it 's so easy  to go for  short-term solutions , " Stenson said . "  The quick fixes do n't work . I think you 've got to put a plan in place and work towards it -- slow but steady progress -- and eventually you will get to the point where you want to get . " With a new physical and psychological regime in place , Stenson started to see the green shoots of recovery with victory at the South African Open in November 2012 . "  That was hugely important , especially the way I won it because I held the lead for most of the weekend and then dropped back on Sunday and I managed to come back on the back nine . That was huge for the confidence ... after three-and-a-half years without a win . " Stenson 's season-ending victories may have grabbed all the headlines but his comeback year also included his best-ever performance at a major championship -- second to Phil Mickelson in the Open Championship at Muirfield -- backed up by a third - place finish at the U.S.PGA Championship . A major breakthrough ? So can he break his duck in 2014 and become Sweden 's first major winner ? "  If my game is in good shape and it 's my week , I definitely think so , " he says . Cowen can also see his pupil of 13 years clinching that elusive prize . "  He 's a complex person , " says Cowen . "  One day he 's up , the next day he 's down . When he 's up , he 's very , very good , but when he 's down , you know ... but that 's what the best players are like . "  I would think Henrik is one of a few players who can win tournaments on ball striking alone . He 's certainly got the game . There are quite a few players who deserve to win majors , but unfortunately you have to win them . " Stenson will get his first chance at Augusta National in April , but before that will be lining up at Dove Mountain , Arizona for the WGC Match Play Championship on February 19 -- a tournament that he won in 2007 . Whatever happens this coming week and for the rest of the season , Stenson appears well equipped to deal with what comes his way . "  You know , you are going to have your ups and downs . I might have had two  downs  that were deeper than most , but the belief never went away . "  What we learn is to never give up . If you keep at it , if you keep the belief , you can achieve great things . " Read more : Snow golf : driving off piste in Swedish Lapland	Henrik Stenson seeking first major title after a spectacular return to form in 2013 Swede became first golfer to win FedExCup and Race to Dubai in same season Stenson reportedly lost several millions dollars in Allen Stanford Ponzi Scheme Two-and-a-half year slump saw 37-year-old drop from world no. 5 to no. 230
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- If there 's one thing that makes Beijing an enticing city to both local and expatriate Beijingers alike , it 's the food . Wangfujing Snack Street offers all sorts of exotic food , including sea horse . China 's capital offers something for everyone -- from cheap street stalls to five-star gourmet eateries . Variety is the key -- from the more obvious delicacies such as fried fish , to things that are , well , a little more exotic . One great place in Beijing that offers both is Wangfujing Snack Street , in Dongcheng district . An ornate blue and gold archway marks the start of the street , which even at midday is already a bustling hive of hungry locals and curious tourists . Enticing smells swirl around continuously , as colorful characters shout out invitations to try their food . One guy , dressed in a red silk robe and black skullcap , sings out an invitation while holding a fan in one hand and his pigtail in the other . The type of food is extensive . Due to years of intermigration , almost every province is represented . There are lamb kebabs from Xinjiang , noodles from Gansu and spicy beef from Sichuan . And it 's cheap : A stick of kebabs can be had for just 3 RMB  40 cents  . There 's also a lot for the sweet tooth , such as candy-covered apples in an array of vibrant colors , and whole coconuts filled with sweet water . But while the street 's food is mostly conventional , there are also plenty of snacks on offer for the more adventurous . "  Welcome , where are you from ? " asks a friendly teenager , as he dangles a skewer of live scorpions in front of my eyes . "  Would you like to try ? Only 8 RMB . " I 'm too mesmerized by the scorpions ' jiggling legs and snapping claws to offer a reply . He quickly shows me some of his other products for sale . They include sea horse  25 RMB  , cicadas  5 RMB  and starfish  20 RMB  . All are cooked by frying in oil , and can be accompanied by a variety of different sauces . Wangfujing Snack Street is a treasure , but for those who want to try something even a little more exotic , it might be worth jumping in a taxi for a 10-minute ride to Dongsishitiao Street , also in Dongcheng . The restaurant , Guo Li Zhuang  "  strength inside a pot "  , is unique in that it claims to be China 's only specialty penis restaurant . It was started back in 2000 by a father-and-son team who also happen to be Chinese traditional doctors . "  They both used to buy a lot of different food products to eat , such as animal penis for good health , " explains restaurant manager Nancy Lee . Watch Nancy Lee discuss the food offerings available " "  Then they thought , if we are spending so much money buying this food , why not open up a restaurant that would benefit ourselves and friends ? So it 's not so much a business-oriented as a health-oriented idea . " The restaurant is formal and divided up into private dining booths . Any preconceptions of drunken customers making lewd jokes about the food choices quickly diminish . The menu is quite exhaustive -- and there are other choices to consider , including seafood , flowers , bean products and wild mushrooms . But there 's one main focus . "  We serve the penis from nine different animals , " says Lee . "  They are cow , sheep , dog , donkey , horse , deer , yak , snake and seal . " They are usually prepared in a hot pot or stir-fried , and one penis , according to traditional Chinese medicine , should be shared by three people . The meat dishes can be accompanied by assorted sauces such as lemon soy and chili soy , and any number of vegetable platters . The food , especially in a country with such inexpensive dining prices as China , is n't cheap . "  The average cost per person to dine here is about 500 RMB  $ 73  , " explains Lee . "  Our clientele is usually made up of government officials and wealthy businessmen . " Perhaps a one-of-a-kind experience they probably wo n't forget .	Beijing 's culinary offerings range from street food to upscale restaurants Dongcheng district in Chinese capital offers many food choices Food from China 's various provinces on offer throughout Beijing
CNN  -- Politics might be a tough profession , but in few places is it as bruising as in Australia where mudslinging and name-calling occur on an almost daily basis in parliament . To outsiders , the Australian parliament can look like a bear pit and throughout its history , it 's had some legendary brawlers . George Reid , Australia 's fourth prime minister from 1904 to 1905 was famously heckled in parliament over his fat stomach when an opposition politician shouted from the benches : "  What are you going to call it ? " Without pausing for breath Reid shot back : "  If it 's a boy , I 'll call it after myself . If it 's a girl , I 'll call it Victoria . But if , as I strongly suspect , it 's nothing but p *** and wind , I 'll name it after you . " In many respects , Australia 's electorate expects its politicians to come out of this mold and few have disappointed . Former Prime Minister Paul Keating  1991-96  , when pressed to name an election date , told the leader of the opposition he would n't reveal the date because , as he said : "  I want to do you slowly . " More recently , former Prime Minister Julia Gillard gave the opposition a spirited lecture in sexism that went viral and even drew praise from U.S. President Obama . But not since leader of the Labor opposition Mark Latham broke a taxi driver 's arm in a dispute over a cab fare in 2001 have Australians had the chance to elect a real brawler as premier . Latham 's bid for prime minister failed , but in Tony Abbott , the leader of the Liberal-National Coalition who is tipped to be Australia 's next leader , the country may have found a natural successor . Combative in debate and with the media , Abbott may have shown little of his predecessors ' verbal flair -- recent gaffes had him talking about the "  suppository , " rather than the repository , "  of all wisdom " and praising a female candidate for her "  sex appeal " -- but he has displayed the kind of dogged aggression that Australians like to see in their sportsmen . So far , it 's played well with the electorate . The boxer A former Rhodes Scholar who won an Oxford Blue in boxing , he allegedly punched the wall either side of the head of a female political rival during his student days in the 1970s . Abbott claims the incident "  never happened . " For one former alumni from his Jesuit secondary school St. Ignatius ' College , Riverview , in Sydney , the episode would not have been out of character . "  All I remember is his rictus grin and the rolled-up sleeves of his short-sleeved shirt , giving his biceps something to rub up against , " the former classmate , who now works in the Hong Kong banking industry , told CNN . "  What struck me was the raw emotion he could elicit just by being him . You could pour an enormous bucket on him , and he was not only impervious in terms of being hurt but would grin back at you and give it back -- with compound interest and probably a compound fracture , " he added . While Abbott is a polarizing and pugnacious character to the electorate , the socially conservative politician is known to hold complex views in some areas of policy . READ MORE : Internet , economy and boat people key issues in Australian election He has been known to defend areas of Medicare -- the country 's national health system normally championed by the Labor Party -- and even opposed his own party on industrial relations reform , arguing that it was too harsh on workers . Early beginnings Born in England in 1957 to an Australian mother and an English-born father , he graduated in economics and law from Sydney University where he became involved in the rough and tumble world of student politics . Avowedly right-wing at a time when the prevailing orthodoxy on campuses was deeply left-wing , Abbott , according to one of his biographers Michael Duffy , was beaten up at a student conference . Briefly training as a Catholic priest before working variously as a concrete contractor and as a journalist for The Australian newspaper , he entered politics in 1994 when he was elected to represent the affluent Warringah district of Sydney . Under former Prime Minister John Howard 's government , he served as an employment minister between 1998 and 2001 , and as minister for health and aging in 2003 . In 2009 , he narrowly beat then leader Malcolm Turnbull in a party leadership vote , winning 42 votes to Turnbull 's 41 . He also polled well in Australia 's 2010 general election , which was called following Gillard 's ouster of Kevin Rudd as prime minister , denying the government a majority and delivering a hung parliament that Gillard 's government could only hold together with the support of independents . Labor Party infighting boosted Abbott 's standing in the polls and -- under Gillard -- the Labor Party faced certain defeat at elections this year . While the installation of Rudd as prime minister for a second time has clawed back some of the ground Labor lost under Gillard , many analysts say his arrival has come too late to save the Australian Labor Party . Catholic values , populist instincts Abbott supports lower taxes , smaller government and tough border controls and backs the government 's policy of processing asylum seekers -- many of them illegal boat arrivals -- offshore . He recently announced that almost 32,00 asylum seekers who already in Australia will never be granted permanent settlement . He has also pushed a "  tow-back " policy that would see asylum seekers ' boats turned around when it is safe to do so . Dismissing the climate debate as faddish and fashionable , Abbott has vowed to roll back the controversial carbon tax put in place by Gillard , which he has condemned as "  socialism masquerading as environmentalism . " He has pledged to get rid of the 30 % mining tax introduced by Labor , saying that it is a serious disincentive to investment in Australia 's booming commodities sector . READ MORE : How Australia 's prime ministerial candidates view China On social issues , he has remained true to his Catholic faith , consistently voting against relaxing abortion laws , gay marriage and stem cell research . He has stated that he wants abortions to be "  safe , legal and rare . " As health minister in 2005 , he opposed the use of the abortion drug RU486 , but it was later overturned by parliament . Australian journalist David Marr , author of Abbott 's latest biography "  The Making of Tony Abbott , " says the leading contender to become Australia 's next prime minister is nothing if not the sum total of his contradictions . "  He is a highly successful , aggressive , populist politician but all throughout his career he has argued there is another side to him -- that there is a deep commitment to values -- and they are very traditional Catholic values , " he told ABC 's Question Time . However , he added that while his values informed his political views , he was able to shift and adapt them to prevailing political reality . "  There 's no occasion in his political career where those values have stood in the way of his politics . When it comes down to it , Tony Abbott is an absolutely secular politician . "	Tony Abbott , the man tipped to be Australia 's next leader , is known for his aggression The socially conservative Catholic has a pugnacious character that plays well with his base Australian politics has a long tradition of verbal brawlers
CNN  -- Hailed as the "  world 's greatest golf course " by its owner before it had even opened , Trump International Links has a lot to live up to . The statement would have been ridiculed by the golfing community had it not been made by a man who has pumped $ 150 million into his dream to date , with plans to spend over $ 1 billion by the time the controversial Scottish project is completed . It has already bulldozed past environmentalists ' concerns , but Donald Trump is reluctant to continue development due to a planned offshore wind farm . The fact that some of the key names in European golf attended this month 's opening -- surrounded by bagpipers and the miles of towering sand dunes along its Aberdeenshire coast site -- is testament to the power of his brand . The American billionaire owns a dozen luxury golf resorts -- including Florida 's faded Doral and its renowned "  Blue Monster " course which he plans to renovate -- but can his UK venture be considered a contender for top spot so early on ? Blowing in the wind ? Trump threatens to ditch $ 1B Scottish golf resort Of course , criteria for judging the "  greatest " vary from golfer to golfer , with emphasis ranging from degree of challenge to spectacular views or history . For Trump International to be considered as one of the greats , it first has to establish itself as a venue among Scottish links courses . That will be no mean feat , with illustrious company including "  the home of golf "  St. Andrews and other current Open venues Muirfield , Turnberry , Royal Troon and Carnoustie . Turnberry stands out as the most picturesque of those courses , while Muirfield hosts the world 's oldest golf club and Carnoustie is often regarded as the toughest . On the other side of the Irish Sea , there are the two outstanding links courses currently vying to host an Open ; Royal County Down and Royal Portrush . There 's also hot competition south of the border in England , including the traditional highly-rated links of Royal St. George 's and this year 's Open venue , Royal Lytham and St. Annes . The latter has seen the great amateur golfer Bobby Jones in 1926 and flamboyant Spaniard Seve Ballesteros in 1979 and 1988 among its victors . Trump International is starting on the back foot against its British rivals , but with broadcast cables already running beneath the course and a plan in place for several thousand spectators , it has a strong case to one day host major tournaments . Perhaps a fairer match for the new course would be against eight-year-old Cape Kidnappers in New Zealand , which runs along and around ridges on a secluded stretch of jagged coastline . It has already jumped up magazine rankings and attracted visitors from around the world with its spectacular views . The edge that Trump International possesses is that it can be classed as links golf , which is favored by purists as the "  true " setting for the game . Acclaimed English golf architect Martin Hawtree has skilfully routed holes around and between the massive dunes , some measuring 80 feet in height . His family business has worked on course designs for a hundred years and put its hand to several British Open venues . To get to the very top , Trump 's new creation must surpass several private and exclusive courses in his home country , which have dominated magazine rankings for decades . Cypress Point in California boasts some of the most dramatic holes in the world , playing over Pacific Ocean bays where seals bask on the rocks amid crashing waves . The course was styled by Alister MacKenzie -- a renowned architect who also designed Augusta National , the lush and colorful Georgia setting for the annual Masters Tournament since 1934 . Most golfers can only dream of setting foot on these courses , along with Pine Valley in New Jersey , often considered the most perfect example of golf architecture on land that -- unlike the stunning natural beauty that awaits players at Trump International -- was previously unremarkable . The notable exception to the top-ranked private clubs in the U.S. is Pebble Beach , the picturesque Californian coastal course which is a video-game favorite and open to the public . It 's not cheap though , with a round costing $ 495 per person . One venue that every other struggles to compete with is St. Andrews ' Old Course , which is at the top of every golfer 's bucket list . It might not be the most dramatic or challenging course but it will always be the home of the game , where hard wooden balls were thrashed around wasteland almost six hundred years ago . Trump International can not compete with the history of its Scottish neighbors and it wo n't echo the exclusivity and originality of some of its American cousins . Unlike many of its iconic rivals , it has no "  signature " hole , but is comprised of a series of stern but fair tests that will suit different players according to personal preference . However , as it matures into its "  championship course " billing with the backing of the professional game 's organizers , it certainly has a fighting chance of one day becoming the most dramatic of tournament venues . Which are your favorite golf courses ? Have your say in the comments box below .	Donald Trump 's Scottish golf course has opened at a cost of $ 150 million American billionaire hailed it as the best in the world before the ribbon was cut It faces stiff competition for the accolade from several other British links courses Trump 's project is also up against iconic contenders from the United States
CNN  -- An R. Kelly concert appearance in Columbus , Ohio , has been canceled after protests . Kelly was scheduled to perform at the Fashion Meets Music Festival , scheduled for Labor Day weekend in the Ohio capital . But after a backlash on social media , the festival decided to drop the controversial singer , the festival 's communications director , Melissa Dickson , said in a statement . "  The people of Columbus did n't feel that R. Kelly 's reputation was reflective of their community , and took to social media to adamantly express their opinions . FMMF heard their concerns and took action , " Dickson said . "  We wanted to celebrate the already thriving fashion and music communities in Columbus and produce a festival the city would be proud to call  its  own . The motto of FMMF is ` Three Days , Two Loves , One Place ' and we recognized that the ` One Place ' needed to be heard . " Kelly 's publicist released a statement to USA Today : "  R. Kelly is sorry to disappoint his fans but looks forward to seeing them in the near future during one of his upcoming tours . " Kelly , best known for his hit song "  I Believe I Can Fly , " has been the target of some protest since being accused of videotaping sex with a minor in the early 2000s . In 2008 , Kelly was acquitted on 14 counts of making child pornography . The accusations received wider coverage last year in the wake of Kelly 's latest CD , "  Black Panties , " when The Village Voice ran a lengthy interview with former Chicago Sun-Times music critic Jim DeRogatis , who had worked on a series for the newspaper about lawsuits against the singer . HLN : Reporter : How I broke the R. Kelly story Some visitors to the festival 's Facebook page welcomed the concert news . "  There are plenty of other artists still playing ... quality artists . This is not a loss , " one commenter wrote . But others were disappointed , noting Kelly had performed at other festivals . "  Show is canceled , it is what it is !!! And yes I will be getting my money back for the tickets I purchased !!! " said another . Other acts playing the festival include O.A.R. , Michelle Williams , Cold War Kids and Rusko . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this story .	R. Kelly wo n't be playing Columbus , Ohio , festival There was a backlash on social media over his appearance Kelly was acquitted of child pornography charges in 2008 He had been accused of videotaping sex with a minor
Leon , Mexico  CNN  -- It happened during my taxi ride from the airport to the hotel . After giving me a quick look , the cab driver asked : "  So where can I take you , Father ? " I had just arrived in Silao , Mexico located in the state of Guanajuato , which has the highest percentage of Catholics in Mexico . Yes , I was wearing a dark suit -- my blue shirt had no collar though -- but the confusion had to do more with the cab driver 's sense of anticipation than the way I looked . More than 3,000 archbishops , bishops , priests and nuns descended on Guanajuato last week with the hope of meeting the head of the Church . Pope Benedict XVI was coming to Mexico for the very first time in his seven-year papacy and the sense of anticipation was great . It was to be the pope 's first trip to Spanish-speaking Latin America as well . The country was chosen carefully : Mexico has the second largest population of Catholics in the world , after Brazil . By the time Benedict arrived at El Bajio Airport Friday afternoon , there were tens of thousands of people lining up the streets along the 20-mile stretch that would take him to Colegio de Miraflores , a Catholic school run by nuns in the city of Leon where the pope would stay three nights . Most greeters were high school students who seemed genuinely excited about the pope 's arrival . But others were compelled to attend by schools and church authorities . The City of Leon cancelled classes and declared a holiday . Mexico was the first country Pope John Paul II visited in 1979 , only months after being elevated to the papacy . Benedict XVI has been pope for seven years and had received two personal invitations from Mexican President Felipe Calderon , who traveled to the Vatican in 2007 and again in May of last year . Before the visit , many Mexican Catholics perceived Benedict as a distant and reserved pope who felt uneasy when interacting with people -- a perception the Catholic and the Mexican Church were trying to lay to rest . That probably explains the reason why Benedict wore a broad-brimmed sombrero on arriving at Guanajuato state 's Bicentennial Park to celebrate a mass attended by hundreds of thousands . He again wore a sombrero when addressing worshippers congregated outside Colegio de Miraflores on the last night of his visit . "  I 've made a lot of trips , but I 've never been welcomed with such enthusiasm . Now I can understand why Pope John Paul II used to say ' I feel like I 'm a Mexican pope ' , " Benedict told a crowd of thousands of excited followers . And then , there were the references to the Virgin of Guadalupe , the patron saint of Mexico . As an academic with deep knowledge of theology and canon law , the pope is probably not thrilled about the fact that some Mexicans put images of the dark-skinned representation of the Virgin Mary right next to that of Christ . "  To love her -LSB- the Virgin Mary -RSB- is to get committed to listen to her Son ; to venerate the Virgin of Guadalupe is to live according to the words of the blessed fruit of her womb , " the pope reminded people attending the open-air Mass. . At the Mass , the pontiff urged Mexicans to rely on their faith to fight poverty , drug violence and other ills that have afflicted Mexico in recent years . The pope made repeated references to the sorrow of recent violence in Mexico . Mexico is only three months away from holding presidential elections and the opposition questioned the timing of the visit . President Calderon 's party , the PAN , is Catholic-oriented and deeply conservative . The president appeared with the pope every single day of this visit . That would have been unthinkable before 1992 , when Mexico resumed diplomatic relations with the Vatican after a 130-year freeze . All four presidential candidates attended the pope 's main mass at the park . The only controversy about the visit surfaced Saturday . On the same day Pope Benedict addressed and blessed a group of 1,800 children in Guanajuato , three Mexican authors released a book accusing the Vatican of hiding or ignoring cases of child sex abuse by Roman Catholic priests . The book entitled "  La Voluntad de no Saber "  Willing not to be Aware  , focuses on Father Marcial Maciel , a now-deceased , Mexican-born Roman Catholic priest accused of multiple cases of sexual abuse of minors . Calls for the pope to meet victims of sexual abuse while in Mexico went unanswered . The big question after the visit is whether Pope Benedict XVI was able to connect with young people . The Catholic Church has lost a significant number of members in the last few decades . The percentage of Catholics now stands at 83 % in a country that used to be almost universally Catholic . Was Pope Benedict able to erase the perception that he is a distant academic or is he now seen as a warm and affectionate , grandfather-like figure , much like his predecessor ? Only time will tell .	Pope Benedict XVI 's trip to Mexico first since becoming pope seven years ago Once near universal , Catholic population in Mexico now stands at 83 % Visits comes only three months away from Mexico 's presidential election Pope Benedict fighting image in Mexico of being academic and aloof
CNN Student News  -- January 4 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Yemen • Iran Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi ! Happy new year ! We hope you had a wonderful break . My name is Carl Azuz , and CNN Student News is kicking off 2010 right here , right now . First Up : National Security AZUZ : First up , the U.S. government closes its embassy in the Middle Eastern country of Yemen , and that is because of security concerns . One official says that a group called al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula might be planning an attack against the facility . That same group said it was behind an attempted plot to set off an explosive onboard a plane heading to Detroit , Michigan . That took place on Christmas day . The suspect allegedly brought the explosives on the plane in his underwear . The plan failed when the device he tried to use did n't detonate correctly . Some people have asked how the suspect made it past security . One U.S. official says it 's because of human error . President Obama has promised that everyone involved in the attack will be held accountable for it . But some critics argue that the president 's response to the situation has n't been fast enough , has n't been aggressive enough . The president also announced that the suspect was trained by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . That 's the same terrorist group we mentioned before . The U.S. military has been working with the government of Yemen for a while to fight al Qaeda terrorists . Barbara Starr looks at how that fight has played out in the past . BEGIN VIDEO BARBARA STARR , CNN PENTAGON CORRESPONDENT : Yemeni forces earlier this month on a raid against al Qaeda just north of the capital of Sana'a . The military shouts , "  Come out . It is better for you . Do not be afraid . " Shots are fired and several suspects are finally captured . This was one of Yemen 's efforts to hit back at al Qaeda . U.S. assistance with several recent strikes that may have killed some of these men is now openly acknowledged . ABU BAKR AL-QIRBI , YEMENI FOREIGN MINISTER : They are Yemeni armed forces attacks . They were , of course , supported by American intelligence and by the training of the Yemeni armed forces . STARR : What 's next ? The U.S. military and the intelligence community are looking at everything they have got on al Qaeda in Yemen . Strikes are expected to continue and could involve U.S. missiles or aircraft , sources say . The U.S. and Yemen are looking for targets linked to the attack of Northwest flight 253 . But direct retaliation has n't always worked . FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT BILL CLINTON : Our target was terror . Our mission was clear . There will be no sanctuary for terrorists . STARR : In 1998 , after al Qaeda attacked U.S. embassies in east Africa , President Clinton ordered cruise missile attacks against targets in Afghanistan . But al Qaeda was untouched ; key operatives had long fled the area . U.S. retaliation that worked : it happened in Yemen back in 2002 . A U.S. drone fired a missile . One of the dead was an al Qaeda operative believed to have been behind the October 2000 attack on the Navy warship Cole in Yemen that killed 17 sailors . Even now , the U.S. is continuing to provide training , weapons and intelligence to the Yemeni forces . But if President Obama decides to strike back in retaliation for the botched attack on the Northwest Airlines flight , there will be a target list for him to approve . Barbara Starr , CNN , the Pentagon . END VIDEO Is this Legit ? RICK VINCENT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? About a third of the world 's population is Christian . Legit ! According to the U.S. government , approximately 33 percent of the global population is Christian , making Christianity the world 's largest religion . Christmas Celebrated AZUZ : And of course , Christians around the world celebrated Christmas on December 25th , marking the birth of Jesus . One of those celebrations , which you see right here , was held in the city of Bethlehem , the site where Jesus was born . Worshippers gathered at the Church of the Nativity for a ceremony there . And at the Vatican , Pope Benedict XVI led the traditional Christmas Eve Mass. . There was a disruption at the beginning , though , when a woman ran toward the pope and knocked him down . The religious leader was n't hurt . He was helped up and continued with the ceremony , while Vatican guards removed the woman . Iran Protests AZUZ : A holy day in Iran marked by violence as protesters clashed with police forces about a week ago . Demonstrators have spoken out against the country 's government for months now , but the clashes on the Muslim holy day of Ashura were the worst so far . At least seven people killed in the violence , though protesters and security forces disagree on how those deaths happened . Meantime , Iran 's government says it 's getting ready to hold a "  large-scale military exercise " next month . The country says the goal is to prepare its forces to fight against an attack by the nation 's enemies . There 's been a lot of tension based around Iran 's nuclear program . The country says the program is for peaceful purposes . Other countries , including the U.S. , believe Iran might be trying to build nuclear weapons . Health Care Debate AZUZ : Members of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives will be meeting this month to put together a final health care reform bill . The Senate passed its version on Christmas Eve . The House had already passed its bill . But there are some pretty big differences between the two . One of them : cost . The Senate bill checks in at $ 871 billion . The House version : Over $ 1 trillion . Another issue : the so-called public option , a government-run health insurance program . House bill includes it ; Senate bill does n't . So , some compromises need to be made to come up with a final bill . And since that then has to be approved by both Houses of Congress , there are some concerns about whether it will pass . Money Word TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Here 's the deal : Today 's Money Word is depression . It describes an extreme decline in economic activity , and it is much worse than a recession . Put that in your word bank ! Jobs Prospects 2010 AZUZ : The U.S. avoided slipping into a depression during the recent financial crisis , but it did end up in a recession . You know it ; you heard about it all last semester . Now , when that economic decline started in December 2007 , the number of Americans who were out of a job was around 5 percent . By last November , that number had doubled . Kitty Pilgrim examines what might lie ahead in 2010 . BEGIN VIDEO KITTY PILGRIM , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Happy New Year . More than 15 million people in the country are unemployed ; many of them lost their jobs in 2009 . What 's ahead for 2010 ? Elena Escalona , who spoke to us late last year about her career hopes after sending out dozens of resumes and searching for a job , she suddenly realized what she wanted to do in life . ELENA ESCALONA , SEARCHING FOR A JOB : Luckily , out of all of this and something really positive that has come out of it is that I 've discovered that I want to become a teacher . And I think I would have never discovered that out of , you know , this entire year of looking for a job . That instead of having a job physically handed to me , I 've really had to fight for it and kind of , you know , discovered where I belong in the world . PILGRIM : As the unemployed site-surf and soul search , there is some glimmer of hope . The last report in December found that new claims for unemployment benefits fell sharply , down by 22,000 . That was the lowest level since July 2008 . And the four-week average of people who filed for benefits has been declining for 17 weeks straight . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : We are in a very different place today than we were one year ago . We may forget , but we 're in a very different place . We can safely say that we are no longer facing the potential collapse of our financial system and we 've avoided the depression many feared . Our economy is growing for the first time in a year . PILGRIM : Next week will also provide a good snapshot of how manufacturing and service sectors held up in December . As the economy gradually recovers from the worst recession since the Great Depression , going from cutting jobs to creating them is a slow adjustment . Businesses are likely to be cautious , fully convinced in recovery before adding any new hires . DR. MARTIN REGALIA , U.S. CHAMBER OF COMMERCE CHIEF ECONOMIST : We 're out of the recession everywhere , but we 're not growing enough on Main Street to put people back to work . When the average person thinks of a recession , they do n't think of it like economists do , you know , zero GDP growth or whatever . They think of it as , you know , "  Am I losing my job ? Am I getting a raise ? " PILGRIM : Kitty Pilgrim , CNN . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : Well , if you 're still looking for a New Year 's resolution , why not make us your home page ? CNNStudentNews.com is awesome ! We 've got a ton of free resources for you there : all of our shows from this school year , plus transcripts of every program we 've done this school year . We 've got Daily Discussion questions , links to our blog and downloadable maps . It 's all right there . Log on , make us your home page today ! Before We Go AZUZ : And before we go , we are bringing you some unique New Year 's celebrations . Raleigh , North Carolina , where an enormous acorn is the countdown clock . You might think that 's nuts , but the tradition 's lasted nearly 20 years . Mobile , Alabama is over the moon about its MoonPie celebration . The tasty tradition : to ring in the New Year by watching the moon rise . And a traditional ball drop in Roanoke , Virginia . Okay , maybe letting students drop 11,000 rubber balls is n't exactly a traditional New Year 's . Goodbye AZUZ : But it sure starts 2010 with a little bounce in their step . Ah , New Year 's puns . They all deserve one chorus of Auld Lang Sigh . CNN Student News is back tomorrow ; we hope you will be too ! See you then .	Get the details of a story that spiked security concerns in the skies Hear how some of the world 's Christians celebrated the Christmas holiday Consider why job growth could lag behind a potential economic recovery Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Walt Disney World is billed as the "  happiest place on Earth , " but it 's anything but in the subversive new film , "  Escape From Tomorrow . " Randy Moore 's directorial debut focuses on a man who slowly descends into madness while vacationing with his wife and children : Grim reality keeps intruding onto a theme park experience designed to banish every moment of melancholy . In Moore 's vision , jolly Disney characters become fearsome ghouls ; an epidemic of "  cat flu " threatens to sicken visitors ; an undercurrent of sex runs through this place meant to stand for innocent family fun . It 's a darkly comic and unflattering critique of Disney culture . So why would Disney ever allow Moore to shoot his movie inside Disneyland and Disney World ? The answer is it never gave him permission . Moore , his actors and crew infiltrated the parks without Disney ever catching on . The cinematic subterfuge went on for weeks ; Moore shot for about 10 days in Orlando , Florida and even longer at Disneyland in Anaheim , California . "  There was high anxiety the entire time while we were making this film , " Moore admitted . He said the stress was so great , "  I lost a ton of weight . I was 215  pounds  and slimmed down to 168 by the end of this shoot . " Pulling it off Moore said pulling of his unlikely feat required tremendous planning . "  We were n't just running in there and improvising , ` Oh , here 's a nice place to put the camera , ' " he said . "  We did a lot of scouting  in the parks  . We walked through the movie at least nine times before we brought in the actors . ... The position of the sun was charted weeks ahead of time for every shot . " The movie includes several images of an eerily depopulated park -- not easy to arrange when contending with thousands of visitors . "  As soon as they opened the doors we sort of rushed in and got the shot  of the empty park  , " Moore recalled . "  We had like maybe 20 seconds before people would get into  the frame  . " Why Disney might want to ` Escape From Tomorrow ' Technological breakthrough Moore understood there was no way he could shoot his movie with anything like a traditional motion picture camera . A breakthrough came courtesy of the Canon 5D Mark II camera -- a digital SLR that can shoot high-quality video . "  The 5D 's small size and low-light capabilities were what made everything possible , allowing me the freedom to set up shots and move fast without sacrificing picture quality , " Moore explained in a "  director 's statement " that accompanies press notes for the film  Moore told CNN he has n't been paid anything by Canon to sing the praises of its product  . The innocent looking camera was key to avoiding detection by Disney security . "  The thing about those parks is everyone has a camera there , " Moore said . "  So we were not the few people with cameras in the midst of a crowd of people . We were just normal . We probably would have looked out of place if we did n't have cameras . " But shooting video was only half the equation ; just as big a challenge was figuring out how to record the actors ' dialogue . Once again , technology came to the rescue . "  What we ended  up  doing was using these tiny Olympus pocket recorders that business people use mainly for dictation purposes , " Moore explained in his director 's statement . "  They 're great because they run for 18 hours straight on one battery ; they have an auto-leveler function ; they record almost at CD quality ; and they have a mic input , so I could easily run a standard lavalier mic into them . " Smartphones also helped . "  We had a shot list for every single shot . We kept those on our phones , as well as our scripts , " Moore said . It 's a Small World After All To get the shots of Disney attractions that he needed , Moore , his crew and actors had to board the rides -- repeatedly . "  I think we rode ` It 's a Small World After All ' 12 times in a row , " Moore said . "  And it was not a low park attendance day . There were a lot of people there . So , every time we were in line for probably 40 minutes . So that 's all we did that day was ride ` Small World . ' That was a rough day . " The team used Fast Passes whenever possible , but that only helped so much , as when they filmed a sequence at Disneyland 's Autopia ride . "  It was such a busy day  at the park  the line even with a Fast Pass was 25 minutes . " Paying Disney back Disney has n't filed suit against Moore despite his ample use of the company 's copyrighted images  no doubt concluding a lawsuit would only increase public awareness of "  Escape From Tomorrow "  . Disney did get something out of it : Moore estimates he spent between $ 15,000 and $ 20,000 on season passes to the parks to accommodate his cast and crew . And then of course there was food . "  We ate all our meals in the park , " Moore said . "  It was just easier , more convenient . " The director 's favorite Disney eatery ? The Royal Street Veranda in Disneyland . "  They have these bread bowls with clam chowder or gumbo and they 're fantastic . " To Disney or not to Disney ? The closest call Moore said to the best of his knowledge no Disney park patrons ever caught on that a film was being made right in their midst . He and his crew also managed to escape detection by Disney security personnel , until near the end of filming in Anaheim . Then suddenly , after weeks of surreptitious shooting , the game was almost up . "  There was a moment when the actors had to enter the park through the turnstiles a few times , " Moore recalled . "  We had to do multiple takes of them walking into the park . And at one point a security officer came to our lead actor  Roy Abramsohn  and asked if he was famous . ... He said no and then they asked , ` Why do you have paparazzi following you ? ' " Abramsohn and Elena Schuber , who plays his wife , had to do a quick improv to throw the officer off the scent . "  I said  to Elena  , ` Hey , honey , they think we 're famous ! ' " Abramsohn recalled . "  Yeah , all of a sudden now we 're really acting , " Schuber said . When the officer asked why the pair had entered and then re-entered the park twice within a matter of minutes , they explained they had left their sunscreen in the car and had to go back to apply it on their kids . The actors realized it would be tough to explain why they were wearing sound recording equipment , so they said the young actors playing their kids needed to use the restroom . They took that opportunity to stash the equipment . "  I put it in my sock , which I thought was the last place they would maybe look , " Abramsohn said . "  There are n't that many choices when you 're wearing a pair of shorts . " Abramsohn , Schuber and their movie kids profited from a passing parade to disperse into the crowd , and then hightail it out of the park . A close call , but the actors said by that point they were used to shooting on the sly . "  It was exciting , " Abramsohn said . Said Schuber , "  Luckily that was our only close encounter . We pulled off all the other things . " All is  almost  lost But even after they finished shooting in the parks , the filmmakers ' troubles were n't over . Screening the footage he had captured in Orlando , Moore 's heart sank . There was a big blotch on the video -- all of it . "  It was through every shot , " Moore said . "  I thought , ` The whole film is ruined ! We have a giant black dot near the center of the movie for everything ! ' " The culprit was tree sap that had somehow slimed the camera 's sensor . Moore still does n't know how it happened , but the digital gods smiled on him and a company in South Korea was able to remove the blemishes in post-production . Another escape for "  Escape From Tomorrow . " Moore consistently beat the odds to get his movie made and into theaters : first by eluding Disney security , then earning a spot in the Sundance Film Festival  where the film premiered in January  and ultimately finding a distributor willing to risk the wrath of the Walt Disney Company . But when he returned to Anaheim for an interview with CNN just outside Disneyland property , Moore felt understandably apprehensive . "  It 's strange being back here in the belly of the beast , " he said . "  I feel like a mouse 's hand is going to cover my face with chloroform at any moment and drag me away . "	"  Escape From Tomorrow " was filmed surreptitiously at Disney parks Director Randy Moore planned each shot for weeks before shooting There were some close calls , but ultimately the crew was not caught
CNN  -- The leaders of the world 's arguably two most powerful nations are due to meet Friday in southern California . President Barack Obama of the United States and President Xi Jinping of China will hold talks that could shape relations between Washington and Beijing for years to come . "  This is an attempt to set out the ground rules for how our two countries will work together in the 21st century , " said Kurt Campbell , who recently served as U.S. assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific Affairs . Officials in Beijing are also trumpeting the potential importance of the event , the first time the two leaders have met in person since Xi became China 's paramount leader . The meeting is of "  profound historic and strategic significance , " Hong Lei , a spokesman for the Chinese foreign ministry , said Thursday . The setting of the meeting , in the Sunnylands estate outside Los Angeles , is unusually informal and a far cry from the elaborately choreographed summits typically held between Chinese and American leaders . "  This is the first time in 50 years that leaders will sit down , somewhat unscripted , to have a real conversation about our relationship , " Campbell said in an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  It 's long overdue and important . " Hacking allegations The issues of cybersecurity and North Korea are expected to top the agenda . The United States has recently become more vocal about linking cyberattacks on American businesses and government agencies to Chinese authorities . The attacks allegedly to involve attempts to steal secret military and corporate technology and information . Beijing has repeatedly denied the accusations , saying that hacking is a global problem , of which China is also a victim . But the chorus of voices arguing that the Chinese stance is untenable is growing . "  In the past , rogue behavior such as cybertheft may have provided a shortcut to greatness , " the editorial board of the Washington Post wrote this week . "  But no longer . If China fails to evolve toward more responsible behavior both abroad and at home , a backlash that is already forming in the United States and among its neighbors will swell . " Some observers , however , have noted that Obama will have to raise cybersecurity and spying issues with Xi against the unflattering backdrop of recent reports alleging widespread surveillance of phone and Internet data by U.S. intelligence agencies . North Korea The two leaders may make progress on the North Korea question , according to Campbell . "  I think the Chinese have just about had it with North Korea , " he said . "  They recognize that the steps that they have taken -- nuclear provocations -- are creating the context for more military activities on the part of the United States and other countries that ultimately are not in China 's best strategic interests . " Tensions spiked on the Korean Peninsula in March and April as the North unleashed a torrent of dramatic threats against the United States and South Korea . The menacing rhetoric came amid U.S-South Korean military drills and after the United Nations had stepped up sanctions on Pyongyang in response to the latest North Korean nuclear test in February . The U.S. officials called on China , North Korea 's key ally , to rein in the provocative behavior of Kim Jong Un 's regime . The situation in the region has become calmer in recent weeks . The clearest sign of a possible thaw in relations came Thursday when North and South Korea agreed to hold talks about reopening their shared industrial complex that Pyongyang shut down in April . OPINION : What Obama should tell China 's Xi about North Korea Previous meeting Friday is n't the first time Obama and Xi have met . The two leaders held talks in Washington last year , while Xi still held the title of vice president . During that visit , in addition to the more formal engagements , the Chinese leader visited a small town in Iowa , where he had stayed in the 1980s , when he was a provincial official . He also took in a Lakers game in Los Angeles . OPINION : ` AmeriChina ' looking for trust at the top Rights group : Obama must turn up the heat on Tibet	Obama and Xi are meeting at an estate outside Los Angeles The setting is less formal than traditional summits between top leaders Observers say it is a chance to set the agenda for future U.S.-Chinese relations Cybersecurity and North Korea are seen as the key issues
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic produced her best form in almost two years to reach the semifinals of the Italian Open on Thursday , but hopes of an all-Williams last-four showdown ended when Venus suffered a humiliating defeat on the red clay . Ivanovic literally had the tennis world at her feet after winning the French Open in 2008 , but she has since slumped to 58th in the rankings after a dismal past two seasons . However , the Serbian now has the chance to reach her first WTA Tour final since March 2009 after defeating 14th seed Nadia Petrova 6-2 7-5 to set up a clash with unseeded Spaniard Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez . The 22-year-old Ivanovic had not won back-to-back matches since January , but began her Rome campaign with a win over Russia 's Elena Vesnina , then upset ninth seed Victoria Azarenka and registered her first-ever victory against Olympic champion Elena Dementieva on Wednesday . If she can beat Martinez Sanchez , she will face a final against either world No. 1 Serena Williams or the formerly top-ranked Jelena Jankovic . "  I think every player in one way or another goes through a tough time , and I think it is not how many times you fall but how many times you get back up , " Ivanovic , who this year has been working with Steffi Graf 's former coach Heinz Gunthardt , told reporters . "  This tournament and these victories that I have had this week mean a lot to me because I have put in so much work , not only in the last months but also the last year and it was just not happening . Now I am just so happy to be back on track . " Jankovic , who unlike her compatriot Ivanovic has never won a Grand Slam tournament , is also enjoying a career resurgence . The seventh seed followed up her demolition of No. 11 Yanina Wickmayer by crushing Venus Williams 6-0 6-1 in Thursday 's late match , inflicting the fourth seed 's worst defeat of her distinguished career . The 25-year-old Jankovic won at Indian Wells in March and then reached the quarterfinals at another U.S. event in Charleston and also in Stuttgart , Germany . Serena Williams , playing her first tournament since winning the year 's opening Grand Slam , the Australian Open in late January , had her easiest win of the week as she dispatched Russia 's Maria Kirilenko 6-1 6-4 . The American , who lost in her first match last year , won 10 of the first 11 games before a series of errors let world No. 37 Kirilenko back into the match . Martinez Sanchez , who knocked out world No. 2 Caroline Wozniacki on Wednesday , progressed into the last four by defeating unseeded Czech Lucie Safarova 7-6  8-6  6-4 .	Former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic reaches the semifinals of the Italian Open Serbian , in her best form in almost two years , next plays Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez Hopes of all-Williams semifinal end as fourth seed Venus loses 6-0 6-1 to Jelena Jankovic Seventh seed Jankovic will play world No. 1 Serena Williams in the other semifinal in Rome
CNN  -- In Bahrain smoke billows on the street from burning tires and protesters use fire extinguishers to shoot iron arrows towards riot police . But at the Bahrain International Circuit it is business as usual as the roar of Formula One continues to fill the Sakhir track in the kingdom . Even so , Friday 's practice session for Sunday 's Grand Prix was overshadowed by political tensions as the sport 's regulator and teams insisted the race should go ahead . Bahrain 's Shiite opposition was said to be planning protests on Friday , though it was unclear if the police would allow them to go ahead . On Thursday , thousands demonstrated in several areas across Bahrain in yet another day of protests . But with no evidence of unrest in and around the track , the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  -- the sport 's regulator -- and Formula One Management  FOM  -- the commercial rights holders for the sport -- insisted the race will take place . "  The Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  and Formula One Management  FOM  wish to jointly confirm their belief that the Bahrain GP should go ahead this weekend , " those two bodies said in a statement . "  The FIA and FOM also strongly believe that sport can often be a force for good and that the staging of the Grand Prix in Bahrain will come some way in helping soothe some of the issues which have been raised in the media . "  Jean Todt and Bernie Ecclestone are united in expressing their support for the Bahrain GP and the national organizer , and wish that all concerned respect the desire of the teams , drivers and all those involved in the staging of the event to do the best job possible over the weekend , " added the statement , referring respectively to the FIA president and the F1 supremo . "  The local promoter and the national authorities have assured both the FIA and FOM that security , their responsibility , will be guaranteed for all participants to the Bahrain GP . " Tensions in the kingdom remain high following the 2011 uprising , where the majority Shiite population protested against the ruling Sunni minority . Those protests were brought to a swift and brutal conclusion by Bahrain 's security forces along with the assistance of troops brought in from Saudi Arabia . While protesters have used the grand prix as an opportunity to bring global attention to their struggle , the Bahrain government insists the race will bring long term benefits to its people . "  F1 brings significant benefits to everyone in Bahrain , especially economically , " the government said in a statement . "  Bahrain upholds the right to peaceful protest . It is a country made up of many communities with different views on its development . "  This is why it has launched a dialogue between all political groups to address political issues in a manner that will ensure the country develops in a sustainable way . "  It should be noted that in some cases protests encouraged by extreme opposition groups result in deliberate and targeted violence . "  Only in these case do security forces respond and they do so while exercising appropriate restraint . Some unfortunately believe that continued unrest on the streets affords them a political advantage , when it results in greater divisions between communities in Bahrain . Violence can never be tolerated . " Meanwhile , on the track , Kimi Raikkonen was the fastest man in the afternoon 's second free practice session . The Lotus driver clocked a fastest time of one minute 34.154 seconds to pip Red Bull 's Mark Webber by just 0.03 seconds . "  I would have liked to have got some more running in P2 , but I still think we learned what we expected today , " Australian Webber told the official Formula One website . "  Saturdays are perhaps becoming less important overall than they used to be , but they 're still important in terms of traffic . "  You do n't want to be in too much traffic on Sunday , as the tires do n't like being disturbed and wear more which will shorten your first stint -- so you still need to be in a good position . "  We still have areas to improve on the car . Lotus and Ferrari look strong and Mercedes is there too . " Red Bull rival and three-time world champion Sebastian Vettel was third fastest in the afternoon , but he remains positive of his chances of success this weekend . "  It 's pretty close , " said Vettel . "  If you look at the opposition then Ferrari and Lotus were strong today and I think it will be close in qualifying . "  It 's important to work with the tires around the track . I was n't so happy with my short runs today - but that 's why we have the Friday practice sessions I guess ; I was happier with the longer runs . "  The tires still seem to be the dominating factor . The car seems quick , so we have to make sure we use that and then we should be on the right page . " Lewis Hamilton , who has recorded two podium finishes so far this season , found life more difficult after finishing the day 10th fastest . "  We 're working as hard as we can and we just need to find some more time from somewhere , " he told reporters . "  I do n't really know where we are losing it . They have changed the car this weekend , changed the settings for what they think the track needs but I 'm not convinced it is the right way to go . "  I do n't know if they are right or wrong but we were struggling for pace today ... But I am sure we will find it . "	F1 commercial right 's holders FIA and FOM confirms Sunday 's race will go ahead Tensions in Bahrain have remained high since 2011 uprising Government believes F1 brings "  significant benefits " to country Kimi Raikkonen fastest in Friday 's afternoon practice session
CNN  -- For Colombia this week , two worlds collide . Its captivating side -- led by the tournament 's star man James Rodriguez -- is preparing for its first ever World Cup quarterfinal on Friday , hinting at a future full of promise . But that glamor tie against hosts Brazil also comes 20 years after perhaps Colombian football 's darkest hour -- the murder of former national team player Andres Escobar . The 27-year-old defender was a victim of a volatile and violent chapter in the country 's history , seemingly executed as punishment for scoring an own goal at the 1994 World Cup . Escobar 's error contributed to a 2-1 defeat at the hands of hosts USA and six days after Colombia 's tournament ended , on July 2 , he was shot six times by gunmen in his home town of Medellin . The murder was linked to drug lords who had suffered big gambling losses due to Colombia 's exit at the group stage but nothing was ever proven . Two decades on as Colombia prepares for one the biggest clashes in its history -- delivered by a squad that is seen as a symbol of hope -- the significance of the Escobar anniversary is not lost on the country . Just like in 1994 it has a crop of gifted players ready to gatecrash the party at soccer 's top table . Rodriguez has been the stand out star , his sublime goal in the last 16 win over Uruguay a signpost for the country 's emerging potential . Their jaunty choreographed goal celebrations have also struck a chord with the watching world , who are ever more connected through social media . This vivacious side has also energized Colombia , the public hoping this verve and swagger can help chart a new path for a country that has for so long been synonymous with drugs and violence . Whether that happens or not , Escobar will not be forgotten . "  Andrés Escobar - always in our hearts , " wrote Colombia 's most capped international and Escobar 's former teammate -- Carlos Valderrama on Twitter . "  We 'll never forget your kindness , your humility and your fight . I miss you bro , I miss you . " The Escobar name will be also present in Fortaleza on Friday . As Colombia take on not just Brazil 's players but also a fervent home nation , Andres ' brother and sister will be present , as they have been for every Colombia match in the competition so far . Maria Ester and Jose will be bedecked in the team 's famous yellow kit , complete with Escobar 's name and his famous number 2 on the back . The defender 's former teammates Faryd Mondragon and Mario Yepes are with the current squad , but all of them will know what became of one of its illustrious predecessors . "  Andres is with them and the rest of the team in spirit , " Maria Ester told FIFA 's official website . "  People should enjoy football with passion , but never forgetting it 's a game .  What happened to Andres  should serve as a cautionary tale : there is no place for violence . "  Football should unite the country around a message of peace and love . "  Twenty years is a long time and it 's really upsetting to think about , but I prefer to thank God for having given us the chance to have him with us for 27 years , for lending him to us . "  His life was cut short , but he did important things in that time . " The pair accepted an invitation from world football 's governing body to attend Colombia 's matches , partly to be away from home when the 20th anniversary came around . "  I wanted to escape Medellin , because there Andres 's death will be talked about in all the news programs and papers and it would be very tough , " Maria Ester explained . "  I 'd rather spend it here , with the family , and then hold a memorial service when we go back home . " Escobar was rumored to be on the verge of a switch to Italian giants AC Milan prior to his death after seven years at Colombian club Atlético Nacional . He also had a spell at Young Boys in Switzerland but it was in his native Colombia he is remembered most fondly , and afforded the nickname "  El Caballero del Fútbol " which translates as "  The gentlemen of football . " "  Sometimes I think it 'd be better if people did n't remember Andres every day , because it 's really painful , " his brother Jose explained . "  But he left a mark , so it 's normal . "	Colombia faces hosts Brazil on Friday in its first ever World Cup quarterfinal Match comes 20 years after the murder of Colombian defender Andres Escobar Escobar was gunned down days after Colombia had exited the 1994 World Cup The 27-year-old had scored an own goal in a defeat to the USA during the competition
CNN  -- It was n't the grand announcement fans were hoping for , but it will do . Jay Z 's Budweiser "  Made in America " festival will occur simultaneously in both Los Angeles and Philadelphia over the Labor Day weekend , it was announced on Wednesday . It 's the first time the previously star-studded concert series is headed west , and the announcement that the rapper planned a press conference with Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti led to speculation that there would be a joint tour with Jay Z 's superstar wife , Beyonce . Despite the dashed hopes , it 's still a huge deal . Mayor Garcetti says 50,000 fans are expected to attend the two-day event . Philadelphia garnered a $ 10 million economic benefit from last year 's festival thanks to the multitudes who came . "  LA is the music capital of the world , " Garcetti said . City officials admitted that holding such a festival in downtown Los Angeles will be a logistical challenge . Prior to the announcement , Variety reported that City Councilman Jose Huizar had introduced a motion in March asking for the withholding of permits for the event until the potential disruption to downtown could be assessed . The announcement is yet another financial feather in Jay Z 's cap . He and his wife have consistently topped music charts as well as lists of the most successful star couples , including last year 's Forbes compilation of the highest-earning celebrity couples . The pair surprised fans this year at the Coachella music festival held in Indio , California , in April . There 's no word yet on the lineup , though Jay Z hinted that several genres will be represented . If 2013 is any indication , that will include Beyonce . Last year 's performers included Nine Inch Nails , Rick Ross and Skrillex .	Jay Z 's two-day festival will is headed to Los Angeles It will occur simultaneously in Philadelphia Rumors swirled he would announce a tour with Beyonce
CNN  -- After almost three centuries at the heart of London 's busy Piccadilly retail district , Fortnum and Mason is broadening its horizons . The upscale British store , which is a favorite of the Queen Elizabeth , the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duchess of Cambridge , opened its first ever standalone store outside of the UK in Dubai last month . Located directly opposite the Burj Khalifa , the world 's tallest building , the sparkling new 9,400 square feet outlet aims to offer a slice of the vintage London retail experience in the Gulf . The new site includes all the trademark Fortnum and Mason features such as an English tea salon and ice cream parlor as well as stocking the wicker hampers and luxury food items the company is most famous for . But what 's the business thinking behind the move and why was Dubai chosen as the location for Fortnum 's first big foray into foreign markets ? CNN 's John Defterios sat down with Fortnum and Mason CEO , Ewan Venters , to find out . John Defterios  JD  : Why has Fortnum and Mason decided to move into the region ? Ewan Venters  EV  : Fortnum and Mason is 300 years old and over the decades the business has had to change and evolve all the time . So , here we are in downtown Dubai with lots of the traditional aspects of the Fortnum 's business but in a more contemporized way of presentation . JD : Would you say it 's a risk taking a very traditional brand into a modern setting without wanting to undermine the brand at the same time ? EV : One of the key requisites of the strategy is that we said we must have a standalone site . Dubai is an extremely important commercial center for luxury retail but we were never taking Fortnum and Mason into a shopping mall . We 're only here because this site is possibly the finest retail site in Dubai . JD : Do you see other safe harbors in the Middle East ? EV : I think we 'll keep everything under watch and review . Our first priority is establishing ourselves in Dubai in this 9,500 square foot store . But beyond the opening of the store , later in the year we 'll launch our website so we 'll actively develop our online strategy throughout the region . I do n't suppose we 'll ever be in multiple sites across the region , maybe one or two additional sites . JD : You have a Gulf base of customers , can you take me through what you can offer them to help you expand ? EV : One of the original attractions of coming to the Middle East was that after water the second most popular drink is tea . We 've been tea merchants for 300 years . So it 's kind of an exciting opportunity just from a tea point of view . Tea will be at the cornerstone of the product offer and also at the restaurant . But beyond that the hamper business  and  the wicker business that Fortnum and Mason is most famous for across the globe ... the UAE  and  Dubai in particular are very gifting cultures and orientated towards gifting . Of course the wicker basket and hamper is a perfect gifting solution . See also : The Middle East 's new king of hotels See also : Iraq 's oil ambitions See also : Can a demographic disaster be prevented ?	Fortnum and Mason has opened its first ever standalone store outside the UK Dubai was chosen as the location for the 9,400 square foot outlet Fortnum CEO says it is possible the company may add other stores in the Middle East
This story contains graphic depictions that may be disturbing to some readers . Most girls who engage in compensated dating do n't view themselves as prostitutes , a social worker says . HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- She does n't want to be identified , except by her nickname "  Sze , " and she has a secret past . Her father does n't know what she did as a 16-year-old , and she hopes he never finds out . But Sze , now 19 , wants young girls to hear her story so they never make the same mistake . "  My first customer was an ordinary man in his 40s . We skipped the dinner part and went straight to the guest house for sex , " Sze recalled . "  Actually , I was a bit scared , but I knew this was the only way I could get money . This customer was n't bad , though . We just had sex , he paid , and then he left . I thought this was easy money , and that 's why I continued doing this kind of thing . " For a year and a half , Sze was part of a growing social phenomenon among teens in Hong Kong called "  compensated dating , " a practice in which a young woman agrees to go on a date with a man for a fee . More often than not , the date involves sex . Sze said she started compensated dating because many of her classmates at an all-girls school were doing it . She says she became jealous when she saw the designer clothes , bags and cosmetics they bought with the money they earned through compensated dating . Sze wanted the same for herself , so her classmates introduced her to Internet chat forums where she met male customers . Watch young women describe why they do it " The practice can have deadly consequences . Last year , a 16-year-old Hong Kong girl was killed in a gruesome murder after she went to a 24-year-old man 's apartment for a compensated date . The man , Ting Kai-Tai , killed the teenager , dismembered her body and flushed the remains down the toilet . A jury convicted him of murder and sentenced him to life in prison . Sze told CNN she knew a compensated date could go horribly wrong . She would set ground rules with clients on the phone first . She charged them $ 350 for a date and clarified how many times she would have sex with them . She said sometimes the customers would stray from the rules , asking for more sex or refusing to wear a condom . "  Sometimes , I did feel shame . I kept asking myself why I had to do this kind of thing to make money . But the feeling did n't stay long . I would relax when I wanted to buy something . I just thought I could always quit after a short time or whenever I wanted , " Sze said . Most girls who engage in compensated dating do n't view themselves as prostitutes , said social worker Chiu Tak-Choi . "  For the girls , they do n't think so because they think they can quit anytime . The girls -- even though they post their details on the Internet -- they think they can quit . Even if they encounter the guys , if he is not good-looking , she can quit and say ' I do n't do it . ' They think they have a lot of power to control whether they do it or not , so they think of it very differently from prostitution . " Chiu , the social worker , is currently working with about 20 girls who are trying to leave the world of compensated dating . It is hard to quantify how big the problem is in Hong Kong because the business is conducted under the radar , he said . Chiu believes the problem is getting worse because his caseload has doubled in the past two years . Prostitution is illegal in Hong Kong , and legal experts say that compensated dating is a form of prostitution . "  The law prohibits soliciting for immoral purpose , " said Stephen Hung , a criminal litigator with Pang , Wan & Choi . "  When a court looks at sentencing , the greater the age difference , the more serious it  the sentence  is . " Why do young girls get involved in compensated dating ? The reasons vary from an unstable home life to a desire for material goods , Chiu said . One 14-year-old girl told him she started compensated dating when she lost her cell phone . She said her parents would n't buy her a new one , so she thought she could earn some fast money with paid sex . She had her eye on an expensive cell phone . When the money from the first compensated date did n't cover the cost for the new phone , she went on a second paid date . Girls involved in compensated dating do n't necessarily come from poor families , Chiu said . They are from all levels of socioeconomic classes , he said . Improved family communication is one solution to preventing girls from becoming involved in compensated dating , Chiu said . "  The family has to do its part . I think caring for children is very important . Whenever they have problems , they can ask someone for help . " Sze said she was saved by a social worker who stepped in on her behalf . After a pregnancy scare and a number of unpredictable customers , Sze said her self-esteem plummeted . The social worker helped her get back on track . "  She helped me understand that making money respectably is actually not that hard in Hong Kong . I finally realized that it was wrong to make money by selling my body . It just was n't worth it . " Sze now works at a hair salon to earn a living . She has tried to talk her old friends out of compensated dating , but they are not listening , she said . "  They felt annoyed when I talked to them about this . I 'm now reluctant to get in touch with them . They just tell me they 're different . Maybe they have more serious family problems or some other burdens . I know I ca n't control their thinking , so I just stopped trying to help them . "	"  Compensated dating " growing among Hong Kong teen girls , social workers say Practice is a form of prostitution , Hong Kong legal experts say Caseload of girls engaging in practice has doubled in two years , social worker says Girls engaging in practice cut across socioeconomic levels , social worker says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Recent photos of Lindsay Lohan 's teenage sister sparked online speculation over the past week that the 17-year-old Ali Lohan changed her face , which her publicist denied Monday . "  Aliana has never had any type of plastic surgery in her life , nor has she ever considered it , " said her publicist , Steve Honig . Buzz about apparent changes in Lohan 's face started on websites including Hollywoodlife.com , which said , "  We love Lindsay 's little sister , but these shocking photos make it look like her beauty is not all-natural ! " Honig , in a written statement to CNN , said Lohan , who recently signed a modeling contract , has no reason to have plastic surgery . "  Her success as a model lies with her natural looks and she has no interest in changing that , " he said . Honig , however , did not dispute that Ali Lohan 's face today is different from when she was younger . "  During the past two years , she has gone through a normal teenage growth spurt that has made her taller and slimmer , " he said . "  It has also slightly changed the composure of her face , all of which is typical of what happens to kids in their mid to late teens . It 's what most people refer to as the awkward stage . Ali is growing up ; that 's all . " The director Next Model Management , the agency who signed Lohan , told CNN Monday she could "  confirm that Aliana Lohan has not had any surgery . " "  As a young girl who is growing up , it 's natural for her facial features to change slightly , and we see this with many of the younger models we represent , " Alexis Borges said . Aliana is a beautiful 17-year-old girl who is growing into her face and body , as is the norm for someone of her age . " Lindsay Lohan , who knows what it 's like to be a young target of the tabloids , took to her Twitter account Friday to defend her sister : "  I love how haters pick on my sister yet every runway model is just as thin ! My sister is gorgeous and I 'm so proud of her and her career !!!! " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Publicist : Lindsay Lohan 's sister "  has never had any type of plastic surgery in her life " Apparent changes in her face raised questions online A normal growth spurt "  changed the composure of her face , " the publicist says
CNN  -- The number of aging men and women in U.S. prisons is growing rapidly , Human Rights Watch said Friday , and it expressed concern for their care behind bars . Because of their age , older prisoners incur medical costs that are three to nine times as high as those for younger prisoners , the campaign group said in its 106-page report , titled "  Old Behind Bars : The Aging Prison Population in the United States . " Prison officials are hard-pressed to provide the appropriate housing and medical care for older prisoners , the report says . "  Prisons were never designed to be geriatric facilities , " said Jamie Fellner , a senior adviser to the U.S. program at Human Rights Watch and author of the report . "  Yet U.S. corrections officials now operate old age homes behind bars . " Human Rights Watch pointed out that life sentences mean those prisoners reach old age in prison . Almost 10 % of state prisoners are serving a life sentence , it said , and another 11.2 % have sentences longer than 20 years . Prisons face a number of challenges in caring for these prisoners , the group said . They include tight budgets , prison architecture not designed for age-related disabilities , limited medical facilities and staff , lack of support from elected officials , and the pressures of day-to-day operations . It is equally as difficult for the older prisoners themselves who may be frail or impaired . Prison rules and customs were n't designed with them in mind , Human Rights Watch said . "  Walking a long distance to the dining hall , climbing up to a top bunk , or standing for count can be virtually impossible for some older prisoners , " the group said . "  Incontinence and dementia impose their own burdens . " Human Rights Watch called for changes to harsh sentencing rules regarding long mandatory minimum sentences and reduced opportunities for parole . It also called for changes to prison facilities and medical care , as well as prison rules that are tough on older prisoners . "  How are justice and public safety served by the continued incarceration of men and woman whose bodies and minds have been whittled away by age ? " Fellner asked .	Group says medical costs and prison facilities are not equipped for older prisoners The number of older prisoners in the U.S. is growing , it says It calls for changes to harsh sentencing rules and care behind bars
CNN  -- South Sudan 's military has quashed an attempted coup , President Salva Kiir said Monday , after heavy gunfire gripped the capital of Juba . Dressed in fatigues and flanked by government officials , Kiir blamed soldiers loyal to his sacked deputy Riek Machar for starting the fighting . In a televised address , he said the government was in full control of the capital , and announced a nighttime curfew . "  They tried to carry out a coup -- a so-called coup d'etat -- but they have failed , " Kiir said . "  All the people who were involved in this will be arrested . " He said a nighttime curfew "  for the sake of security and safety of our citizens " would run from 6 p.m. until 6 a.m. . A move by Kiir to dismiss his Cabinet in July has further inflamed deep-running tensions between Kiir 's Dinka community and Machar 's Nuer community . Earlier , heavy gunfire was reported in the city , government official Peter Biar Ajak said . The U.S. and British embassies in Juba urged their citizens via Twitter to stay indoors and be cautious . "  Gunshots/artillery fired over the past few hours in several locations in Juba , " the U.S. Mission in Juba tweeted . Sporadic gunfire In a statement on its Facebook page , the U.S. Embassy said that while there was now a lull in violence , it continued to receive reports of sporadic gunfire in parts of the city , particularly near Juba University . It said the airport was not operational . It recommended that U.S. citizens use "  caution at this time , " adding that travel in Juba was not currently safe . It also reiterated an earlier tweet denying Machar had taken shelter there . "  We take this opportunity to reaffirm our earlier message that no political or military figures have taken refuge within the U.S. Embassy , " the mission said . In a separate statement , the embassy said it was "  deeply concerned at the recent outbreak of armed violence " in Juba and echoed calls from the U.N. envoy there for all parties to "  cease hostilities immediately and exercise restraint . " The British Embassy has issued an alert advising British nationals against all nonessential movement in parts of the country . South Sudan formally split from Sudan in 2011 , after decades of conflict . Numerous armed groups remain active in the oil-rich country . Women , children flee to U.N. compound Hundreds of people , mainly women and children , have taken shelter at the U.N. compound near the airport and at a U.N. house in the city , the United Nations Mission in South Sudan  UNMISS  said . "  We hope the security situation in Juba will quickly normalize to enable the civilians to return very soon to their residential areas . To that end , UNMISS calls on all parties to show continued calm and restraint , " it said in a statement . It also denied "  any suggestion that the U.N. Mission is harboring any key political or military figures . " Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian , Samira Said and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : South Sudan President says soldiers loyal to a sacked deputy started the fighting The President , Salva Kiir , declares a nighttime curfew "  Gunshots/artillery fired over the past few hours in several locations , " U.S. Embassy says U.S. , British embassies tell their citizens to stay indoors
London  CNN  -- Britain 's police swung into action Thursday as two separate incidents , one involving a security scare on a bus and the other six terror arrests , pointed to the heightened state of alert ahead of the London Olympic Games . Security is a central concern for UK authorities and the organizers of the Olympics , which start in three weeks . After launching a major response to the security alert on the bus , which led armed officers to close a major motorway , police in Staffordshire concluded the incident was not terror-related . But its officers responded "  swiftly and proportionately " to credible information from a concerned member of the public , a Staffordshire police statement said . "  We can now confirm that , whilst this was a genuine security alert , the significant concerns reported to us were unfounded , " the statement said . "  The information received concerned a report of vapor escaping from a bag which on investigation turned out to be a health improvement aid for smokers . " Hours earlier , police in London arrested five men and a woman on terror charges , although they said the operation was not related to the Olympics . The six , aged from 18 to 30 , were all arrested on suspicion of the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism and are being questioned , London 's Metropolitan Police said . Officers searched homes in east , west and north London as well as business premises in east London . One of the men arrested had worked from 2007 to 2009 as a police community support officer for the Met Police , the force said in a statement , and "  was not deployed in a specialist or sensitive role . " Police community support officers are members of staff who work alongside the regular police force , mostly to tackle local anti-social behavior and low level issues . The operation in London is not linked to the Olympic and Paralympic Games , the police said . British security officials on alert for Olympic terror threats Additional security measures will be in place in London and elsewhere during the Olympics . They include the siting of missile defense systems around the capital and fighter jets on standby at air bases close to London . Police and intelligence agencies have also stepped up monitoring efforts . Thursday 's dramatic closure of the busy M6 Toll motorway , near Birmingham , had many hallmarks of a response to a potential terror threat and could be seen as a sign that police are taking no chances . Armed police , firefighters and military bomb disposal units raced to the scene as passengers were evacuated from the bus , which had pulled over near the town of Lichfield . Police in Britain are not usually armed when they respond to incidents . Officials insist no specific terror threats tied to Olympics Passengers were lined up on the tarmac for questioning , and their luggage and the vehicle searched , before police confirmed that there was no terror threat and that no one was considered a suspect . "  Our utmost priority was the safety and security of those people on the coach and those traveling on the motorway , " the force said . The 48 passengers who were on the bus from the northwestern city of Preston to London are now being taken on to their planned destination , a spokeswoman for Megabus said . "  We would like to thank our customers for their patience and understanding during today 's police operation , which followed concerns raised by a passenger during the journey , " a statement from the bus operator said . "  The safety and welfare of our passengers and our staff is our absolute priority . " The bus has been moved and the highway has reopened , police said . Government officials from Washington to London insist there are no known specific or credible terror threats tied to the Olympic . Nonetheless , authorities on both sides of the Atlantic are urging vigilance . The Metropolitan Police is leading the "  largest peacetime operation " seen in the United Kingdom as it seeks to keep the public safe , it said , with up to 9,500 police officers from London and elsewhere to be deployed on the busiest days of the Olympics . As a result , London 's residents and its visitors can expect to see a large police presence on the streets and airport-style security at Olympic venues . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro , Claudia Rebaza , Laura Smith-Spark and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : One of those arrested on terror charges previously worked in a police support role Six people are arrested in London on terror charges in a separate inquiry Scare on a bus was prompted by vapor coming from a passenger 's bag , police say Security has been stepped up in Britain ahead of the Olympic Games
CNN  -- In days of yore , comedian Steve Martin said he used to try out jokes in clubs and adjust them based on an audience 's feedback . "  Today , the process is faster . It 's your brain , a button , then millions of reactions , " he said on his website . Martin was writing Monday to explain himself after sending a tweet that , by his own admission , was "  unfortunate . " "  To those who were offended , again , I offer a deep , sincere , and humble apology without reservation , " he wrote . "  But I feel I need to tell you the context and origin of the joke . " The storm started Friday when he invited people to ask him grammar questions on Twitter . Someone wrote , "  Is this how you spell lasonia ? " to which Martin replied : "  It depends . Are you in an African-American neighborhood or at an Italian restaurant . " "  I knew of the name Lasonia . I did not make it up , nor do I find it funny . So to me the answer was either Lasonia  with a capital  , or Lasagna , depending on what you meant . That they sounded alike in this rare and particular context struck me as funny . That was the joke , " he wrote on his website . "  When the tweet went out , I saw some negative comments and immediately deleted the tweet and apologized . I gathered the perception was that I was making fun of African American names . " The story did n't stop there . Martin said his tweet was picked up and quoted , inaccurately , by various outlets , including Salon . "  It depends . Are you in an African-American restaurant or at an Italian restaurant , " Salon said Martin wrote , suggesting he meant to imply that African-American restaurants ca n't spell "  lasagna . " The inaccurate version spread , and Martin said he felt he "  could n't get out of hell . " "  Comedy is treacherous , " he wrote . "  But it 's my job to know . "	The comedian lands in hot water after inviting people to ask him questions on Twitter He posts a response that appeared to some to be insulting African-Americans "  It 's your brain , a button , then millions of reactions , " he writes
Los Angeles  CNN  -- City workers in Southern California discovered a backpack Monday filled with grenades and other explosive devices , a sheriff 's spokesman said . The municipal employees came across the backpack in a storm drain in Placentia around 9 a.m. , Orange County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Jim Amormino told CNN . Police and bomb squad personnel subsequently responded and located six grenades , blasting caps , fuse igniters and some white and black powder , according to Amormino . These were discovered in the backpack as well as buried in dirt nearby . It appears the explosive devices were put in the area intentionally , according to the sheriff 's department spokesman , who added that he believes they had been there for some time . FBI agents were on scene Monday afternoon helping sheriff 's department members in their investigation , as is routine when explosive or suspicious items are found , said Ari Dekofsky , a spokeswoman for the bureau 's Los Angeles office . There was no immediate threat to the public 's safety , added Dekofsky . By 2:45 p.m. , all the explosive devices had been safely detonated , said Amormino . Placentia is a city of about 50,000 people located just north of Anaheim and 30 miles southeast of Los Angeles .	City workers in Placentia found the backpack in a storm drain , a sheriff 's spokesman says 6 grenades , blasting caps and fuse igniters were in the backpack and nearby dirt The explosive devices likely had been there for some time , sheriff 's spokesman adds They have been safely detonated , he says
CNN  The sack and pillage of the Mosul museum by the so-called Islamic State of Iraq and Syria displayed a violence rarely seen since the destruction of the Buddhas of Bamyian . The bulldozing of the archaeological site of Nimrud marked a new step in the cultural cleansing underway in Iraq . These acts are a deliberate attack against civilians , minorities , heritage sites and traditions . In the minds of terrorists , murder and destruction of culture are inherently linked . It is appalling to see the ravages of this violent extremism in a region that is a cradle of civilization , whose temples , palaces and frescoes have born witness to the glory of Iraq and Mesopotamia for the last 3,000 years . It is important we understand the true nature of this conflict . This war against culture is a war against people . It is part of a strategy to crush free thinking and to ensure domination through oppression . This is why extremists attack schools , media , or other places of culture . Through modern methods of communication and information , they use warped learning and distorted academic texts to hijack young minds . They forbid girls to go to school , kill journalists and vandalize museums : all symbols that embody freedom of thought and respect for cultural diversity . There can be no justification whatsoever for the systematic destruction of the heritage of humanity , and I wholeheartedly support the many religious leaders who have taken such a firm position denouncing these destructions and the perverted use of religion . When culture is under attack , we must respond with more knowledge , and with ever greater effort to work to explain the importance of humanity 's shared heritage . This is why we appeal to all cultural institutions , museums , journalists , professors , and scientists to share knowledge widely about the Mesopotamian civilization . We need to remind all of the history of this land which led the Islamic golden age . And we also call on all people everywhere -- and especially youth , in Iraq and elsewhere -- to claim this heritage as their own . Pre-Islamic heritage in Iraq belongs to all Iraqis , just as the Pyramids are written into the identity of all Egyptians . What is happening goes far beyond the domain of archaeologists and discourse on the "  irreparable loss of treasures of humanity . " What is happening is a security issue . The deliberate destruction of cultural heritage is a war crime . We see how terrorists are using such destruction to destabilize populations , spread terror , and encourage violence . We see also how extremists use heavy military vehicles to transport artifacts from looted sites , and how illicit trafficking is directly funding terrorism . With this in mind , we have joined forces with all partners and neighboring countries to halt these crimes . The acceleration of such violence must be met with an acceleration of global solidarity and action . Faced with such crimes , we hope we can better understand the values we all share , and stand united in respect of humanity .	ISIS bulldozed site of ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud in northern Iraq Irina Bokova : Appalling to see the ravages of this violent extremism
CNN  -- What 's better than receiving a text message ? How about a text in 3-D ? That 's the potential of a smartphone from LG , which has a large 4.3-inch touchscreen capable of displaying three-dimensional images without the need for special glasses . A pair of cameras on the back allows users to take 3-D photographs and videos . LG is hoping its groundbreaking phone , with the hottest entertainment-focused technology on the market , will ride the 3-D wave being pushed by Hollywood , TV networks and other creators of media content . The method LG uses to accomplish this effect is called "  switchable barrier , " which is similar to how Nintendo 's 3DS can do 3-D without requiring the player to wear glasses . LG showed the phone , called the Optimus 3D , this week at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain . The company did n't provide a release date or price , though spokespeople have said it will be affordable . Demonstration units on display at the conference let attendees watch 3-D movies . They also provided a few 3-D games to play . That could pose a threat to the temporary monopoly Nintendo was poised to get on portable 3-D gaming when its handheld game system launches in March . With the proliferation of 3-D TVs in the market , the Optimus 3D could help people begin shooting and archiving cutting-edge family pictures and home videos . The phone can hook up to a 3-D TV with a cable to display media on the big screen . LG 's G-Slate , a tablet that runs Google 's Android 3.0 software and is slated for a March release , can also capture 3-D pictures and video . The tablet ca n't display 3-D on its screen , but like the phone , the G-Slate can be connected to a 3-D TV set . The Optimus 3D has caused quite a stir this week at Mobile World Congress . However , so far it offers no spinning 3-D text messages or eye-popping dial pads , meaning Android app developers have a new mission to fulfill .	LG 's Optimus 3D can show 3-D images without the need for special glasses The smartphone can also shoot pictures and video in 3-D using a pair of cameras Optimus 3D runs Google 's Android software and was unveiled at a tech show in Spain
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Bobby Brown "  is innocent until proven guilty " on a drunken driving charge that followed a traffic stop this week in California , his lawyer said . "  Mr. Brown has not been convicted of anything associated with this incident , " attorney Tiffany Feder said Tuesday night . "  Mr. Brown is taking this matter seriously and an investigation is under way . " Brown , 43 , showed signs of intoxication and failed a field sobriety test during the traffic stop in the Reseda area of Los Angeles County , California Highway Patrol spokeswoman Tiana Reed said . "  Mr. Brown was not driving erratically , " his lawyer said . "  He was speaking on his cell phone . " He was "  released on his own recognizance " after being charged , Feder said . Brown , the ex-husband of the late singer Whitney Houston , is scheduled to perform with his group New Edition on Thursday in St. Louis .	The singer "  was not driving erratically , " his lawyer says Brown showed signs of intoxication and failed a field sobriety test , police say Brown is Whitney Houston 's ex-husband
CNN  -- In less than a month , Pastor Terry Jones of the Dove World Outreach Center in Florida plans to host "  Burn a Quran Day " to mark the ninth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks . The pastor , author of the book "  Islam is of the Devil , " is using the burning to urge American Christians to "  stand up " to what he describes as a monolithic Muslim threat . A Facebook page for the event has accrued thousands of "  likes " and Jones has said people have been mailing him Qurans to burn . As a Muslim scholar , an adherent of one of the Abrahamic faiths -- Judaism , Christianity and Islam -- and as someone committed to interfaith understanding , I urge Jones to cancel this event . Not only are the actions of Jones contrary to the life and teachings of Jesus Christ , but they are also against the ideals of the American Founding Fathers . The planned burning has already caused alarm in the Muslim world , with the pre-eminent Sunni university , Al-Azhar in Cairo , Egypt , condemning it as "  stirring up hate and discrimination . " At a recent dinner in Washington , a host for one of Pakistan 's top TV channels confided in me that he "  did n't dare " report the story because if he did , "  not a single American would be safe in Pakistan . " He and the cameraman were quivering with anger as they asked me to explain why Americans hated Islam . I tried my best to explain this was not the case , but Jones ' burning will have great symbolic significance to a Muslim world already feeling under attack by the United States . It will cause undue harm to U.S. relations with the Muslim world and particularly the war effort . Gen. David Petraeus , the head of American forces in Afghanistan , has repeatedly expressed the need for winning the "  hearts and minds " of local people by treating them with dignity and respect . When Afghans see that their holy book is being burned , it will cause riots and attacks that will put U.S. troops further at risk . There will be similar riots and attacks in neighboring Pakistan and Iran . It will inflame the entire Muslim world and fuel acts of terrorism . It could also inflame anti-Muslim sentiment in the United States , especially in the context of the anger over the proposed Islamic center near ground zero in Lower Manhattan . Many American Muslims will feel as if they are second-class citizens and it could push some angry young men toward violence . On my recent fieldwork trip to 100 mosques in 75 American cities with a team of American researchers for the book "  Journey into America : The Challenge of Islam , " we documented that many mosques had been attacked , sometimes bombed . In May , not far from Jones ' church in Gainesville , a pipe bomb exploded in a mosque in Jacksonville . As objectionable as the prospect of Jones ' Quran burning is , it may not cease with the holy book of the Muslims . I have always maintained that this kind of vitriolic hatred of one religion is a descent on a slippery slope , as no one can say who will be next . I was not surprised , therefore , when I heard Jones recently agree , when asked to do so in an internet podcast interview , to burn "  a couple of copies of the Talmud " too . Not only does the burning of holy texts reflect the darkest days of medieval Europe and Nazi Germany , but it is hard to think of anything more un-American , by the definition of the Founding Fathers themselves . George Washington welcomed the Jews to America as the "  stock of Abraham " while John Adams showed the utmost respect for Islam , naming the Prophet Mohammed as one of the greatest truth seekers in history . Benjamin Franklin called him a model of compassion . The Founding Fathers read and honored the same Quran that Jones is now seeking to burn . Thomas Jefferson kept the same Quran in his personal collection and it informed his decision to host the first presidential iftaar during Ramadan . The Founding Fathers were also inspired by Christian thinkers like John Locke , who declared that the true Christian 's duty was to "  practice charity , meekness , and good-will in general toward all mankind , even to those that are not Christians . " I consulted many distinguished Abrahamic friends for this article , all concerned with the drift toward intolerance exemplified by Jones ' threat , who were happy to endorse this article 's content and language . They include the Episcopal bishop of Washington , the Right Rev. John Chane ; Senior Rabbi Bruce Lustig of the Washington Hebrew Congregation ; Imam Mohamed Magid , executive director of the ADAMS Center in Northern Virginia ; Pastor Dr. Robert Norris of Palm Beach , Florida 's , Royal Poinciana Chapel and member of the Presbytery of Tropical Florida ; the Rev. Carol Flett of the Washington National Cathedral , the Rev. Dr. Clark Lobenstine of the Interfaith Conference of Metropolitan Washington ; Sister Maureen Fiedler , Sister of Loretto and host of Interfaith Voices , and too many others to name . At the core of the Abrahamic faiths , these esteemed figures represent the need to show compassion and understanding of others . By threatening to burn the holy books of two of these faiths , the Quran and the Talmud , Jones is violating the basic tenants of all the Abrahamic faiths and doing something that is unacceptable by any standard of religion . As an adherent of one of these faiths , Islam , and one who respects the other faiths , I implore Jones as a Christian and an American to cancel his burning event , follow the true teachings of Jesus by loving his neighbor , and engage in respectful dialogue instead . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Akbar Ahmed .	Akbar Ahmed : Pastor Jones of Dove World Outreach Center plans "  Burn a Quran Day " Ahmed says 9/11 event will inflame Muslim world , put Americans at risk Plan recalls Dark Ages and Nazi Germany , is un-American , he says , violates Christianity Founding Fathers read and honored the Quran , Ahmed writes
CNN  -- It used to be called "  the love that dare not speak its name " -- particularly in Hollywood , where the revelation of homosexuality was believed to be a career-killer . Clay Aiken recently announced he was gay on the cover of People magazine . Now , out gays and lesbians are as casually visible as the cover of People magazine , which has recently run stories on Ellen DeGeneres ' wedding to Portia de Rossi and Clay Aiken 's decision to discuss his sexuality . So , in a time when self-declared bisexual Tila Tequila can have a highly rated MTV show on looking for a partner of either sex , Lindsay Lohan talks about her relationship with DJ Samantha Ronson and "  Star Trek 's " George Takei can have a very public wedding with his longtime partner , is coming out still a big deal ? Publicist Howard Bragman , author of the forthcoming "  Where 's My Fifteen Minutes "  Portfolio  , says that it is . "  Every person that comes out is another barrier coming down , " Bragman , who is openly gay , told CNN.com . Acceptance by the mainstream public , he observes , is easier but by no means automatic , particularly when issues such as gay marriage are at stake . "  I look at it as a long-term process . The revolution is over -- now it 's an evolution . " Watch "  American Morning 's " Lola Ogunnaike look at changing attitudes " Bragman was around when a performer revealing his or her homosexuality could still shock . He helped guide Dick Sargent when the "  Bewitched " star came out of the closet in 1989 , and remembers when it was difficult to get support for movies such as "  Philadelphia , " the 1993 film that won Tom Hanks an Oscar as a lawyer dying of AIDS . Now , he observes , there are gay actors -- "  How I Met My Mother 's " Neil Patrick Harris may be the most notable -- playing straight roles , something that would have been almost unthinkable even a few years ago , since studios have often been nervous casting known gay performers in straight roles . " ` We 'll buy Hanks as a gay man but not the opposite , ' " Bragman describes the industry thinking . Indeed , there are now more gay characters in prime-time television than ever . Shows such as "  Ugly Betty , " "  The Office " and "  Grey 's Anatomy " feature gay or bisexual characters , and this fall , five more will hit the airwaves , bringing the total to 16 , according to a study by the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD  . "  It 's certainly positive that there is such a dramatic increase , " GLAAD 's president , Neil Giuliano , told CNN . "  Number one , it reflects society , and the fact that we are more visible , and it also makes good television . Portrayals are almost more honest and real . " Peter Sprigg , vice president of policy for the conservative Family Research Council , does n't agree . "  I 'm convinced that for the most part , these characters are placed on television for propaganda purposes , in order to persuade people to be more accepting of homosexual conduct , " he told CNN . "  In that sense , the result for society is likely to be negative . " But Bryan Batt , the gay actor who plays the closeted Salvatore Romano on the Emmy-winning "  Mad Men , " says that viewers are more accepting of gay characters today , though concerns linger . "  Yes , I did think maybe this going to hurt me career-wise -LSB- to come out -RSB- , but I come from Broadway and a lot of theater background . So , you know , no one really cares ... you do n't have to be straight to act straight . You do n't have to be gay to play gay , " he told CNN . Watch Batt talk about the challenges of a gay actor " But , he adds , "  There is , I think , a little bit of homophobia . I do believe that through education and seeing good , honest , positive gay role models , it will just educate . I think we are producing generations now of youth that do not judge people ; they do n't judge people on their race or their religion or their sexuality . " April Woodard , a correspondent for "  Inside Edition , " told CNN Headline News ' "  Showbiz Tonight " that rejection may have been on Aiken 's mind . The singer , a born-again Christian , had long declined to talk about his sexuality , and with a strong Middle American fan base , may have been afraid of a backlash . "  There are definitely going to be some people in the South where he lives that are n't going to agree with it , and some of the Christians are not going to agree with his lifestyle and even having a child out of wedlock , " she said . For his part , Aiken -- who recently became the father to a newborn son -- told People that coming out "  was the first decision I made as a father . I can not raise a child to lie or hide things . ... I 've never intended to lie to anybody at all . The fans , if they leave , they leave . But if they leave , I do n't want them hating me . " Bragman believes Aiken will be more successful than ever . "  I 'm sure , anecdotally , you 'll have people not buying the next Aiken album because he 's gay , but it will be statistically insignificant . If you 're a fan , you 're a fan , " he said . Aiken and other gay celebrities have generally received support from their colleagues and the public . "  Heroes " star Kristen Bell , who is straight , told CNN that " -LSB- Aiken -RSB- should n't really have to acknowledge it . " "  What surprises and saddens me is that it still is big news , " she said . But Bragman observes that the decision to come out remains intensely personal . "  It 's not a career move -- it 's a personal move , " he said . " -LSB- It 's saying , -RSB- ' I need to do this for me . ' " There are still many performers and industry notables , he says , who threaten to sue if their sexuality is revealed . Others live gay social lives but do n't talk about their sexuality -- the so-called "  glass closet . " And , as Bragman notes , gay stars are generally from the second tier : "  There are still no A-list movie stars out of the closet , there are still no superstar athletes , " he said . "  It 's great to see how far we 've come , " he said . " -LSB- And -RSB- we all long for the day when it 's a nonstory . But we 're not there yet . "	Stars such as Clay Aiken admitting they 're gay not shocking anymore Gay characters more prominent on TV than ever Still , challenges remain : privacy , industry concerned about earning power
CNN  Few parents are delighted to learn that their daughter is a porn star , even a highly successful one . But for 21-year-old Mia Khalifa of Florida , a family dispute has taken on international dimensions . Khalifa is PornHub 's highest-ranked adult star . But she is also Lebanese-born -- and her chosen line of work has not only disappointed her parents but generated huge controversy in her native country . The debate has gained such a head of steam that some Arab news outlets published a family statement this week condemning Khalifa 's actions and expressing the family 's regret about her fame as a porn star . She is also criticized for her tattoo , in Arabic , of the opening lines of the Lebanese National Anthem . "  We are probably paying the price of living away from our homeland ; our kids had to adapt to societies that do n't resemble our culture , traditions and values , " the family statement said . "  Hence , we emphasize that we disassociate ourselves from her actions which do not reflect her family beliefs , her upbringing or her true Lebanese roots . We hope that she comes back to her senses as her image does not honor her family or her homeland -- Lebanon . " According to the statement , Khalifa , born in 1993 , moved with her family to the United States in 2000 . They left behind them one of the more liberal countries in the Middle East but one where religion plays a central , sometimes divisive , role in daily life and many are deeply socially conservative . Having turned 18 , Khalifa left home , the statement says , "  as is common in the West . She married an American guy in February 2011 and is currently living with him in Florida . Mia has since lost contact with her family . " Despite the family rift , Khalifa has been doing well for herself . And she 's been fighting back against the criticism on her Twitter feed , which has more than 100,000 followers  and contains some slightly NSFW content  . She writes : " @borenstein_alex : @miakhalifa how do we achieve peace in the Middle East ? " Stop talking about pornstars that are n't living in your country " But many critics continue to voice their disgust on Twitter . "  I am a Palestinian patriot and what you are doing is shameful , " one person wrote . Another says her head should be cut off for what she 's doing . And that 's far from the only death threat she 's received . She posted a doctored photo that appeared to show her as a prisoner of ISIS . At the same time , she has many online supporters . British-Lebanese author and publisher Nasri Atallah posted at length in her defense on his Facebook page . "  The moral indignation about Mia Khalifa , presumably the first Lebanese pornstar , is wrong for two reasons . First and foremost , as a woman , she is free to do as she pleases with her body , " he wrote . "  Secondly , as a sentient human being with agency , who lives halfway across the world she is in charge of her own life and owes absolutely nothing to the country where she happened to be born . There is this odd perception that being Lebanese is a vocation and a duty first and that your personal life comes second . " And like Khalifah , Atallah believes the fevered interest her actions have stirred back home is unwarranted . "  For the record , I do n't think we should be particularly proud of Mia Khalifa , we should just be indifferent . She 's doing a job she chose , in a regulated industry , no different to banking . Actually , it 's probably more regulated than banking . "  I certainly do n't think she 's our last frontier against ISIS as some have suggested . She is a 21-year old in Florida who has made a decision for herself , with absolutely no wider implications . " Another boost came from American duo Timeflies , who recorded a song about her this week , posted to their Twitter feed . It 's already proven pretty popular with her fans , with several posting that , together , she and the band "  broke the internet . " And Khalifa herself remains defiant in the face of the trolls . "  How does it feel to be the most hated arab at the moment ? " she wrote . "  Pretty good since @Timeflies wrote a song about me . " CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	Mia Khalifa moved with her family from Lebanon to the United States as a child "  We are probably paying the price of living away from our homeland , " her family says
CNN  -- Bahrain 's highest court on Monday upheld the verdicts against 13 activists convicted of plotting to overthrow the government for their role in pro-democracy demonstrations sparked by the success of popular Arab Spring uprisings . The country 's highest appeals court took just minutes to rule on the appeal of the 13 people , who received sentences between five years and life , said attorney Mohsin Alawi , who represents three of the 13 . Read more : Bahrain says ban on protests is response to violence The ruling by the court was the last chance the 13 had to reverse their convictions . They were arrested for their roles in anti-government demonstrations in 2011 as the Arab Spring movement swept across the region . Demonstrations in Bahrain failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities , backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . In November 2011 , Bahrain 's Independent Commission of Inquiry issued a report critical of authorities ' reactions to the protests , which began in February 2011 , spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . Read more : Bahrain strips Shiite activists of citizenship amid unrest Bahrain plays a key strategic role in the Middle East and is home to the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet headquarters . When Bahrain 's lower appeals court upheld the convictions in September , the U.S. State Department said it was "  deeply troubled " by the convictions . Amnesty International has called the convictions of the activists an outrage and urged Bahrain to overturn the sentences . It slammed the decision Monday , saying it "  is further proof of how the country 's justice system simply can not be relied on . " The government has defended its judicial procedures and decisions , saying it provided fair trials . It has pointed out that Amnesty International was one of the international entities that attended the trial . Alawi 's clients Abdul Jalil al-Mudad , Muhammed al-Muqdad and Abdul Wahhab Husain received life sentences , he said .	Bahrain 's highest appeals court took just minutes to rule , an attorney says The 13 pro-democracy activists received sentences between five years and life The 13 were convicted for their role in protests that began in February 2011
CNN  -- Here 's a look at the timeline of events in the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida , and the ensuing uproar . February 26 About 7 p.m. : George Zimmerman , a 28-year-old neighborhood watch captain , calls 911 to report "  a suspicious person " in the gated community called the Retreat at Twin Lakes . Zimmerman says he is following Martin after the teen started to run , after which the dispatcher tells him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman pursues Martin anyway , before saying he lost sight of him . About 7:10 p.m. : Phone records show Martin was on the phone with his girlfriend around the time he saw Zimmerman while returning on foot from a convenience store to his father 's fiancee 's home . At a March 20 news conference , Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump says the girl heard someone ask Martin what he was doing and Martin asking why the person was following him . The girl gets the impression that there is an altercation , during which the earpiece falls from Martin 's ear and the connection goes dead , according to Crump . According to an Orlando Sentinel story later confirmed by Sanford police , Zimmerman tells authorities that , after Zimmerman briefly lost track of Martin , the teen approached him . After the two exchange words , Zimmerman says , he reaches for his cell phone , and then Martin punches him in the nose . Zimmerman says Martin pins him to the ground and begins slamming his head into the sidewalk . About 7:25 p.m. : Martin is shot and killed . It is raining . At the time of his death , the teenager is unarmed and carrying a small amount of cash , a bag of Skittles candy and a can of iced tea . Several neighbors of the gated community call 911 to report the incident , with authorities eventually releasing the contents of seven such calls . In one , a man whispers , "  Hurry , please . ... There 's someone screaming outside . There 's a gunshot . Hurry up . ... There 's someone screaming . I just heard a gunshot . " Another neighbor says , "  There were gunshots right outside my house . There 's someone screaming . I just heard a guy shot . Hurry up . They are right outside my house . " In another call , a woman begs dispatchers to send help , saying someone is "  screaming and hollering " for help . Moments later , she describes a light at the scene of the shooting . "  Oh , my God , " she says . "  There 's still somebody out there walking with a flashlight . " About 7:30 p.m. : Zimmerman tells police he shot Martin in self-defense . In a police report , Officer Timothy Smith writes that Zimmerman is bleeding from the nose and back of the head . What witnesses say in the Trayvon Martin case March 8 : Trayvon Martin 's father , Tracy Martin , family members and attorneys hold a news conference calling attention to the case . March 12 : Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee says Zimmerman has not been charged because there are no grounds to disprove his account of the events . Divided town struggles with stigma March 14 : CNN 's David Mattingly reports that police have concluded their investigation and turned the file over to the state attorney , who will decide whether to file charges . Martin 's parents , Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton , create a petition on the website Change.org calling for Zimmerman 's arrest . Within a week , it is the second most-popular petition in the website 's history , with 877,110 signatures . The NAACP asks the Justice Department to get involved in the investigation . March 15 : In a letter to the Orlando Sentinel , George Zimmerman 's father writes that his son has been unfairly portrayed as a racist . Robert Zimmerman writes that his son is Hispanic and grew up in a multiracial family . March 16 : Authorities release seven calls to police from the night of the shooting . In one of the 911 recordings , Zimmerman says he is following Martin . Also in one of the recordings , a voice can be heard in the background screaming "  Help , help ! " followed by the sound of a gunshot . March 19 : The Justice Department announces that it has launched an investigation into Martin 's death . Florida Gov. Rick Scott asks state officials to assist in the investigation . March 20 : Florida Rep. Dennis Baxley , who sponsored the "  stand your ground " law in 2005 , says nothing in it allows people to "  pursue and confront . " The law allows people to use deadly force to defend themselves anywhere they feel a reasonable fear of death or serious injury . The Justice Department sends representation to Sanford to investigate and "  to address tension in the community . " Shooting renews debate over ` stand your ground ' laws March 21 : CNN analyzes one of the tapes of Zimmerman 's call to dispatch , in which he is purported to have used a racial slur . The results are inconclusive . March 22 : Police Chief Lee announces that he is stepping down temporarily as head of the department , which has been criticized for its handling of the shooting . Scott announces that he is appointing State 's Attorney Angela Corey of the 4th Judicial Circuit as special prosecutor , replacing Norman Wolfinger . As the petition calling for Zimmerman 's arrest reaches 1 million signatures , according to Change.org , civil rights activists , politicians , family and supporters converge on Fort Mellon Park in Sanford to rally for swift judicial action , including Zimmerman 's arrest . March 23 : President Barack Obama speaks publicly for the first time on the growing controversy , saying the incident requires national "  soul-searching . " March 24 : A handful of members from the New Black Panther Party offer a $ 10,000 reward for the "  capture " of George Zimmerman . March 26 : One month after Martin was killed , demonstrators rally across the country calling for Zimmerman 's arrest . In Sanford , the City Commission holds a town hall meeting on the incident and its aftermath . Open Story : Trayvon Martin shooting March 28 : Zimmerman 's father , Robert , appears on television and says Martin threatened to kill Zimmerman and then beat him so badly , Zimmerman was forced to shoot . March 29 : Zimmerman 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , appears on CNN and says medical records will prove that his brother was attacked and his nose was broken by Martin before he fatally shot the teen . March 29 : A witness , who asks not to be identified , tells CNN of having heard voices , "  opening a window and then seeing -- with two men or two people on the ground , one on top of each other " on the night Martin was shot dead . March 31 : Civil rights leaders join throngs of protesters carrying "  Justice for Trayvon " signs on Saturday , marching to the Sanford , Florida , police headquarters to demand the arrest of Zimmerman . April 2 : Audio experts tell CNN that they do n't believe it 's Zimmerman who can be heard yelling "  Help ! " in the background of a 911 call . They compare those screams with Zimmerman 's voice , as recorded in a 911 call he made minutes earlier describing a "  suspicious " black male , who ended up being Martin . April 5 : Zimmerman says he whispered "  punks , " not a racial slur , in the moments before he shot Martin , his attorneys tell CNN . CNN 's editorial staffers repeatedly review the tape but can reach no consensus on whether Zimmerman used a slur . April 9 : Special prosecutor Angela Corey decides against using a grand jury in the case . "  We believed , from day one , that they had enough evidence to arrest the killer of Trayvon Martin and now , as the evidence has continued to unfold , we think there has been a plethora of evidence to simply effect probable cause to do an arrest -- not for a conviction , but for an arrest , " says family attorney Benjamin Crump . April 10 : Attorneys for Zimmerman say they have lost contact with their client and no longer represent him . Lawyer Hal Uhrig says Zimmerman has , on his own , called Sean Hannity of Fox News and the office of the special prosecutor appointed to lead the investigation . Uhrig also suggests that Zimmerman has left Florida . Zimmerman 's now-former lawyers and friend Frank Taaffe confirm the authenticity of a website as having been launched by the neighborhood watch volunteer to warn supporters about groups falsely claiming to be raising funds for his defense and to solicit donations for himself . April 11 : Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin , says special prosecutor Angela Corey . "  I say thank you , thank you Lord , thank you Jesus , " says Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton . "  This is a very , very major charge , " says CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  It carries the potential of life in prison . The jury instructions that the jury will receive is he can only be convicted if he showed a depraved attitude toward Trayvon Martin 's life . That 's a tough burden for a prosecutor to meet . But she has access to facts that we do n't . " CNN 's Chris Lett and Diane Laposta and the CNN Library staff contributed to this report .	Teenager Trayvon Martin was shot and killed on February 26 George Zimmerman told police he shot Martin in self-defense
CNN  -- At a friend 's sleepover more than a year ago , 14-year-old Phillip Swartley pocketed change from unlocked vehicles in the neighborhood to buy chips and soft drinks . The cops caught him . Former Luzerne county President Judge Mark Ciavarella pleaded guilty , faces prison and was disbarred . There was no need for an attorney , said Phillip 's mother , Amy Swartley , who thought at most , the judge would slap her son with a fine or community service . But she was shocked to find her eighth-grader handcuffed and shackled in the courtroom and sentenced to a youth detention center . Then , he was shipped to a boarding school for troubled teens for nine months . "  Yes , my son made a mistake , but I did n't think he was going to be taken away from me , " said Swartley , a 41-year-old single mother raising two boys in Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania . CNN does not usually identify minors accused of crimes . But Swartley and others agreed to be named to bring public attention to the issue . As scandals from Wall Street to Washington roil the public trust , the justice system in Luzerne County , in the heart of Pennsylvania 's struggling coal country , has also fallen prey to corruption . The county has been rocked by a kickback scandal involving two elected judges who essentially jailed kids for cash . Many of the children had appeared before judges without a lawyer . Watch the corruption scandal that is rocking Pennsylvania " The nonprofit Juvenile Law Center in Philadelphia said Phillip is one of at least 5,000 children over the past five years who appeared before former Luzerne County President Judge Mark Ciavarella . Ciavarella pleaded guilty earlier this month to federal criminal charges of fraud and other tax charges , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . Former Luzerne County Senior Judge Michael Conahan also pleaded guilty to the same charges . The two secretly received more than $ 2.6 million , prosecutors said . The judges have been disbarred and have resigned from their elected positions . They agreed to serve 87 months in prison under their plea deals . Ciavarella and Conahan did not return calls , and their attorneys told CNN that they have no comment . Ciavarella , 58 , along with Conahan , 56 , corruptly and fraudulently "  created the potential for an increased number of juvenile offenders to be sent to juvenile detention facilities , " federal court documents alleged . Children would be placed in private detention centers , under contract with the court , to increase the head count . In exchange , the two judges would receive kickbacks . The Juvenile Law Center said it plans to file a class-action lawsuit this week representing what they say are victims of corruption . Juvenile Law Center attorneys cite a few examples of harsh penalties Judge Ciavarella meted out for relatively petty offenses : Several other lawsuits on behalf of the juveniles who have appeared in Ciavarella 's courtroom have emerged . The private juvenile detention centers , owned by Mid Atlantic Youth Services Corp. , are still operating and are not a target of the federal investigation , according court documents . The company cooperated in the investigation , the documents said . A spokesman from the company denied that its current owner , Gregory Zappala , knew about the kickbacks . Ciavarella assured the community that he could provide justice . Elected to the bench in 1996 , he once ran for judge on the promise that he would punish "  people who break the law , " according to local reports . The corruption began in 2002 , when Conahan shut down the state juvenile detention center and used money from the Luzerne County budget to fund a multimillion-dollar lease for the private facilities . Despite some raised eyebrows from the community , county commissioners approved the deal . The federal government began investigating in 2006 . "  It 's been a dark cloud hanging over the county for a very , very long time , " said Luzerne County Commissioner Maryanne C. Petrilla , whose office approved the judges ' budgets during the corruption . "  I 'm looking forward to the ship turning around now and us moving in the right direction . " The kickback scandal highlights a major problem in the juvenile justice system in Luzerne County and across the country , attorneys say . They say hundreds of children who appeared before Ciavarella did n't have lawyers . "  Kids think very much in the present , and they have limited abilities to understand long-term consequences , " said Robin Dahlberg , an attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union in New York who specializes in juvenile issues . Dahlberg 's recent study in Ohio revealed that some of the counties had as many as 90 percent of children going through the court system without a lawyer . "  This Pennsylvania case is a sad reminder of why kids need an attorney , " she said . A 1967 Supreme Court ruling says children have a right to counsel . However , many states allow children and their parents to appear without an attorney by completing a waiver . Pennsylvania is among about half of the states in the country that allow waivers to be signed for juveniles to appear before a judge without an attorney , legal experts say . In Luzerne County , teens who waived counsel were at greater risk of being sent to placement center than those with representation . About 50 percent of the children who waived counsel before Ciavarella were sent to some kind of placement , the Philadelphia-based Juvenile Law Center reports . In comparison , the Juvenile Court Judges ' Commission in Pennsylvania found that 8.4 percent of juveniles across the state wind up in placement . "  When you have this many kids waiving counsel , then that 's way out of line , " said Marsha Levick , an attorney at the Juvenile Law Center . "  There was no record -LSB- Ciavarella -RSB- was assuring the child and parent about the consequences of not having representation . " Minors charged with nonviolent crimes were often given harsher sentences than what probation officers recommended , court documents say . Other investigators say the trials lasted a few minutes at most . All four of the teens cited in this story say they appeared before Ciavarella without lawyers . "  I was sort of shocked and taken aback , " Hillary Transue , the MySpace offender who is now 17 , said of her experience in Ciavarella 's courtroom in April 2007 . "  I did n't really understand what was going on . " The Juvenile Law Center says it first red-flagged Ciavarella in 1999 after discovering that a 13-year-old boy was detained without being read his rights and had appeared in court without a lawyer . When the case became public , Ciavarella promised the public that every minor in his courtroom would have a lawyer . Judges must verbally explain the consequences of appearing in court without counsel to minors and parents , lawyers say . Juvenile Law Center officials say Ciavarella neglected to do so in many cases . Yet in the past five years , attorneys , law enforcement officials and other judges did not report Ciavarella 's behavior to the Judicial Conduct Board of Pennsylvania , says Joseph A. Massa Jr. , chief counsel at the board . Privatizing detention facilities is a growing in popularity among governments because the companies say they offer lower rates than the state . Pennsylvania has the second highest number of private facilities after Florida , accounting for about 11 percent of the private facilities in the United States , according to the National Center for Juvenile Justice in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Critics say private prisons lack transparency because they do n't go through the same inspections and audits as a state facility , and this may have allowed payoffs to go so long without being noticed . "  Once somebody is going to make more money by holding more kids , there is a pretty good predictable profit motive , " said criminal justice consultant Judith Greene , who heads a nonprofit group called Justice Strategies . "  It 's predictable that companies are going to tolerate certain behaviors they should n't . " An audit draft obtained by the Philadelphia Inquirer showed that Luzerne County was spending more than $ 1.2 million in expenses that were n't allowed under state regulations . The Pennsylvania Department of Public Welfare , the agency overseeing the audits , says the audit drafts are not final . The audits also allege that two people paid the judges . Attorneys for former Mid-Atlantic owner Robert Powell say that their client is one of those people but that he was pressured by the judges to make payments . The attorneys say Powell never offered to pay the judges , never sought to influence any juvenile case and is now cooperating with the investigation . Zappala and Powell were partners until Zappala bought out Powell in 2008 . Senior Judge Arthur E. Grim of Berks County is reviewing the cases for minors who appeared before Ciavarella . Court officials say some children may have their records expunged or be granted new hearings . The Philadelphia Bar Association has expressed outrage , assuring the public that the rest of the judges on the state 's bench are "  composed of highly qualified , honorable and honest people , who take their responsibilities to the public very seriously . " But some of the children -- many who , like Phillip Swartley , are now young adults -- have become jaded and believe that their cases were tainted in Ciavarella 's courtroom . After being sent to boarding school , Phillip , now 15 , became withdrawn and depressed , his mother says . "  What do these kids see of the legal system and of authority figures ? " Amy Swartley asked . "  These kids see people who abuse their power . Now , we have a whole county and generation of children who have lost trust in the system . "	Two Pennsylvania judges plead guilty to federal fraud charges Judges received more than $ 2.6 million from youth detention centers Minors appeared before judge accepting cash from private prisons Hundreds of minors were n't represented , attorneys say
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William is going back to school to prepare for when his father becomes the king . The Duke of Cambridge will attend a 10-week agriculture management course at the University of Cambridge starting in January , Kensington Palace announced Monday . What William , 31 , learns during the Cambridge Programme for Sustainability Leadership could help him when he takes over responsibility for the Duchy of Cornwall , an estate that includes farmland , from Prince Charles . The seminars , lectures and meetings are a "  bespoke programme , " meaning they are customized for William . "  The course has been designed to help provide The Duke with an understanding of contemporary issues affecting agricultural business and rural communities in the United Kingdom , " the palace announcement said . Prince Charles is the patron of the Cambridge program , according to his website . Prince William 's active military service came to an end in September after more than seven years . He is in the middle of a transitional year during which the Duke "  is considering a number of options for public service , " Kensington Palace said .	Duke of Cambridge will attend a 10-week agriculture management course Classes will help the Duke understand issues affecting agricultural the United Kingdom William takes over the Duchy of Cornwall when Charles becomes king
CNN  -- Casey Stoner is comfortable racing in Spain . So much so , the MotoGP world champion used Saturday 's qualifying run for the Catalunya Grand Prix as an extended practice session . Nonetheless , the Australian still topped the timesheets and will start Sunday 's race from the front of the grid . He heading off championship leader Jorge Lorenzo to claim the 36th pole position of his career in motorcycling 's elite division . "  We used the qualifying as an extended practice session as we do n't always have enough time to do everything during the 45-minute sessions , " said Stoner , who won the race last year before also triumphing at Valencia in November and then at Jerez in April . "  This morning we did a lot of work with the hard tire , so in the afternoon in these hot conditions , we worked more with the softer one to get a clearer understanding if we can run with it for race distance . "  We were in and out a lot during the session trying a few different things , hoping to reduce the chatter which is still proving to be a problem . Towards the end of the session we managed to improve it slightly but I think we need to make another step before the race . "  Tomorrow , for sure tire degradation is going to play a role so we 're going to have to wait and see , but I 'm happy to start from pole . " Last month the 26-year-old announced he will quit the sport at the end of this season , then finished third at the last race in Le Mans . The Honda rider set the fastest time on Saturday of one minute 41.295 seconds -- the equivalent of 334 kmh . Lorenzo , who won in France , clocked 1:41.441 and Spain 's 2010 world champion was joined on the front row by another Yamaha rider -- Cal Crutchlow of Britain . Lorenzo 's American teammate Ben Spies will lead the second row on Sunday after qualifying fourth ahead of Honda 's Dani Pedrosa and Italy 's Andrea Dovizisio . Former world champion Nicky Hayden was seventh , while the veteran American 's Ducati teammate Valentino Rossi was ninth . Rossi had hinted at a return to the form that won him seven world titles when he finished second in wet conditions at Le Mans , but the Italian was 0.88 seconds off Stoner 's pace in the Spanish heat . Veteran American Colin Edwards was 14th on his return to racing after a month out with a broken collarbone . "  It 's still a bit tender to touch but when I put my leathers on today I honestly did n't feel it . I do n't have any pain , no problem there , " the 38-year-old former Superbike world champion said .	World champion Casey Stoner tops qualifying times for Sunday 's Catalunya Grand Prix in Spain Australian Honda rider heads off series leader Jorge Lorenzo and Cal Crutchlow of Britain American Ben Spies will lead the second row after qualifying fourth ahead of Honda 's Dani Pedrosa Seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi back in ninth position for Ducati
CNN  -- The intense situation in Ferguson , Missouri , is disturbingly familiar to us . In November , it will be eight years since we suffered the same tragedy as Michael Brown 's parents . Our unarmed son , Sean Bell , was killed in a barrage of 50 shots fired by New York plainclothes police officers on his wedding day , November 25 , 2006 . Our prayers go out to the Brown family , and we offer Michael 's parents , Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. , our hearts and support . We know how it feels to have your child snatched away , slain by the police . I remember the gut-wrenching moment we learned the details of our son 's brutal final moments . As if that was n't enough , we also had to deal with the public defamation of our son 's character , which seemed to be saying : "  He was an animal , he deserved to die . " The killing of unarmed black men has become a staggering pattern across the United States , and for the city of Ferguson , the outrage has reached its boiling point . But we are concerned about the effects the citizens ' outrage and their retributive actions might have on the grieving family . My wife , Valerie , believes the racial situation in Ferguson has forced its citizens to aggressively rebel against the infringement of their civil rights . It 's true , protesters initially responded to the killing with violence and looting -- which , if continued at that level , would have ultimately destroyed their community and produced the opposite of what they were fighting for in their search for justice . The Brown family called for peace in the midst of looting and violent protesting . Although the looting has stopped , clashes between protesters and police stayed heightened this week , with the Missouri National Guard , troopers and police in riot gear confronting angry demonstrators . The chaos is reminiscent of the Civil Rights movement . I was born and raised in Alabama and clearly recall the protesters armed with passion for change , protest signs , and their voice of power confronting police armed with batons , water hoses , shotguns and police dogs . In this new day , things are different . Various reports , often contested , say police and protesters were in full battle , with armed police using armored vehicles , tear gas and rubber bullets as shotguns rang out and some protesters threw Molotov cocktails . The tactics have changed in the new generation 's battle , but the causes remain the same : justice and equality . My wife and I stand in solidarity with Ferguson 's call for justice in the killing of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown . But we also stand with the Brown family 's call for peaceful protesting . It seems protests are calming down , which is very good news . During this dynamic climate of change in Ferguson , it is imperative not to lose sight of what is in the best interest of the family . Ferguson seems to be in a civil war as Michael Brown 's family struggles with the legal complexity of this fight . They are at the core of it all . Many miles must be traveled in their journey for justice . My wife and I know well the transitional process the Brown family must endure . Finding a balance between fighting for justice and mourning the loss of your child can become overwhelmingly challenging . When their time comes to lay their son to rest , it should be a time of peace , giving the family space for grieving and moving forward . Many emotions are running high in Ferguson . However , not one of those emotions can compare with the anguish the family is experiencing ; and that should be considered throughout this journey for justice .	William and Valerie Bell 's son was unarmed when police killed him on his wedding day Bells : Police too often kill unarmed black men ; Brown 's death has roiled Ferguson The Bells stand in solidarity with Ferguson 's call for justice in the killing of the unarmed teen Bells : But protests must be nonviolent for the sake of the Brown family , who need peace
CNN  -- The Utah Department of Workforce Services said Friday it has identified at least two employees believed to be involved in creating a list containing the personal information of a purported 1,300 alleged illegal immigrants . "  At this point we do n't think it was a very large conspiracy . We think it was two , maybe . We have suspicion of a couple of more people , a very small group , " said Kristen Cox , the executive director of the Department of Workforce Services . "  Release of such private , sensitive information is deplorable , " Gov. Gary Herbert said in a news release . "  We immediately took action to discover the origins of this list , and I 'm pleased with the hard work of the Department of Workforce Services . When someone does business with the state of Utah , they deserve to know that their private information will be kept private . " Herbert told CNN 's John King on Friday night that the 1,300 people have Hispanic names and not all of them are in the state illegally . The two employees have been placed on administrative leave pending completion of the full investigation and other employees may be identified as the review continues , the news release said . The Utah attorney general 's office will review data from the investigation for possible further action . "  The people we 've identified certainly have some strong political opinions and seem to be frustrated with some of the issues around immigration , " Cox said . "  Regardless of what their frustration is , they work for the Department of Workforce Services and for state government . They understand what the rules are . They understand the protocols . And if they want to go rogue , they need to quit the department . I think it 's immense hypocrisy to take someone to task for being illegal and doing so by breaking the law . " The state focused on the Utah Department of Workforce Services , Herbert 's office said Thursday , because all of the information on the 29-page list -- including contact information , Social Security numbers and pregnancy due dates -- is contained within that agency 's database . Information from the investigation may be turned over to state prosecutors , a statement from the office said . The list was anonymously distributed to media and government offices across the state , CNN affiliate KSTU-TV reported . An accompanying letter from "  Concerned Citizens of the United States " insisted that those on the list should be deported immediately . Thursday , a group of Latino activists told reporters that the list had sparked widespread fear . "  Our community is very concerned , very worried about it , " said Tony Yapias with Proyecto Latino de Utah . "  I would say they have been terrorized , many of them . People are just afraid of what 's happening . " Those named on the list are even more frightened , said Jesus Ramos with the Utah Coalition of La Raza . "  For these 1,300 people , unfortunately that fear has escalated , " he said . "  There 's an arrest warrant out , essentially . That fear never goes away . " Herbert said Friday , "  Some are scared and apprehensive . I understand that . I expect that comes with the status of being illegal . If I was in the country illegally , I would probably have fear and apprehension , too . " Utah Minuteman Project co-chairman Eli Cawley told CNN affiliate KSL-TV that he had some concerns about privacy and how the names were procured , but he would have released a similar list if he could have . "  If it were a reliable list and it had come from a source that was acknowledged and vetted , then yes , I would absolutely support something like that , " he said . But Herbert said Friday the information should n't have gone out to anyone , even the government agency charged with enforcing immigration law . "  It 's a violation of federal law to take this information and give it to ICE , whether it 's out there or not , " the governor said , referring to the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency . "  If we have laws on the books , they need to be enforced and we 're enforcing it here on this breach of the law as it appears on disclosing confidential information , " Herbert said . "  But I also believe the issue at hand , the underlying issue of illegal immigration , is something that needs to be addressed also . We know the frustration of the people out there because of the inaction of the federal government , in particular , in enforcing the law . " Herbert has plans to bring together a "  spectrum " of viewpoints , some "  diametrically opposed , " for a roundtable discussion on immigration reform in Utah on Tuesday . "  We see what 's happened in Arizona . So Utah , like other states right now , are saying if the federal government is not going to do something , we will take steps to do something ourselves within the parameters of the law . It may mean creating new law , " he said .	NEW : Governor says some on list may have legal status 2 Utah state employees believed involved in creating list with alleged illegal immigrants ' data The data includes personal information about 1,300 alleged illegal immigrants Gov. Gary Herbert calls the release of information release "  deplorable "
CNN  -- Nothing less than the NFL 's reputation is on the line , and possibly the job of the league 's commissioner , Roger Goodell . A bombshell video shows Ray Rice knocking out his now-wife on a casino elevator . Another shows him dragging her off . What we do n't know for certain is what the NFL knew about the incident and when the league knew it . There are conflicting stories . Critics want answers . Some want Goodell 's head . The NFL announced late Wednesday that former FBI Director Robert Mueller will lead an independent inquiry into the league 's investigation and how it gathered evidence in the case . Mueller will have access to all NFL records , according to league spokesman Greg Aiello . Two NFL owners who are attorneys -- John Mara of the New York Giants and Art Rooney II of the Pittsburgh Steelers -- will oversee the independent investigation . Mueller was director of the FBI from 2001 to 2013 . Appointment not enough If the league was looking to stem the tide of criticism , it did n't work . The National Organization for Women called Mueller 's appointment "  just window dressing , " saying it does n't go far enough . "  NOW continues to ask for Roger Goodell to resign , and for his successor to appoint an independent investigator with full authority to gather factual data about domestic violence , dating violence , sexual assault and stalking within the entire NFL community -- not just regarding the Ray Rice incident -- and to recommend real and lasting reforms , " said Terry O'Neill , president of the National Organization for Women . Rice , who was released Monday by the Baltimore Ravens , and his then-fiancee , Janay Palmer , got into an altercation on an elevator in the casino in Atlantic City on February 15 . Rice knocked her out with a punch to the head then dragged her -- face down -- out of the elevator . TMZ Sports obtained two videos from the footage taken from surveillance cameras that night . It posted the first one , which showed Rice dragging his then-fiancee out of the elevator , in February . The in-elevator video showing the violent punch was put online Monday . Goodell told CBS that what he saw on the second video was "  inconsistent " with what Rice told him when he and his wife met with the commissioner in June to explain what happened . Several other people attended the meeting , including representatives from the players ' union , executives from the Ravens and lawyers for the NFL . But on Thursday , ESPN reported that four sources -- none of whom were named -- said that Rice told Goodell he had punched Palmer . A fifth source said Rice described the hit as a slap . ESPN reported the five sources had knowledge of the meeting . One said : "  He told the truth . This is a public lynching of Ray . " A friend of Rice told CNN 's "  OutFront With Erin Burnett " that Rice has n't hidden from the ugly truth . "  He told everyone that asked , that was in a position of authority -- from the NFL to his bosses with the Ravens -- what he did , " said Craig Carton , who is a radio co-host with former NFL quarterback Boomer Esiason . "  He took ownership of the despicable act and has tried to make it right . " Goodell : NFL could n't legally get Ray Rice videos Ravens owner looks back It was that second video that changed Ravens owner Steve Bisciotti 's perception of the incident . Bisciotti , who told CNN affiliate WBAL that he never spoke with Rice , said he did n't realize the blow that knocked Janay Rice out was so forceful . "  The way it was described to us was that he had hit her with an open hand and that she had hit her head  as she fell  , " Bisciotti told WBAL . He told the station that the way he pictured it in his mind Janay Rice was "  wailing " on her then-fiance when he slapped her and she was close to the wall and hit her head , knocking her out . "  So why did I conclude all of that ? Because I wanted to , because I loved him , because he had a stellar record , " Bisciotti said . He added his thinking was also shaped by the fact that police only arrested the couple for misdemeanors . Ray Rice 's charge was later changed to a felony , and Janay 's charge was dropped . NFL and the video The NFL on Wednesday said it is looking into an Associated Press report that a league executive in April received from a law enforcement official a copy of the video in which Ray Rice punched his now-wife in the face . The law enforcement official had a short voice mail from April 9 in which someone calling from a number at an NFL office thanks the official , the AP reported . The caller says of the video , "  You 're right . It 's terrible , " according to the AP . The league has denied that anyone in its office had seen the video before Monday , when it was posted online . The AP story said the law enforcement official requested anonymity because of an ongoing investigation and did n't name the NFL executive because that would make it easy to identify the AP 's source . The source told AP he sent the video on a DVD to an NFL office . "  The person said he was unauthorized to release the video but shared it unsolicited , because he wanted the NFL to have it before deciding on Rice 's punishment , " the AP wrote . ` This is a huge problem ' NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told CBS in an interview aired Wednesday that the league asked for the video on several occasions , but was denied access . "  I understand that there may be legal restrictions on them sharing that with us , " he said . CNN 's Rachel Nichols said the AP report , if true , is extremely damaging to the NFL 's and Goodell 's reputation . "  This is a huge problem , and not just for the public , " she said . "  Roger Goodell is either flat-out lying about having seen the video , or he is admitting to gross , gross negligence that this was in his office and he did n't see the video . " In a memo to NFL owners , the commissioner reiterated that position , saying the NFL asked for the videos in February and in May . New Jersey law prohibits their release while a police investigation is under way , Goodell wrote in the memo . The league did n't ask a casino in Atlantic City , New Jersey , for the video , Goodell said . Opinion : NFL and abuse -- it 's not just Ray Rice ` It was sickening ' Rice was suspended indefinitely by the league and is in a pretrial intervention program in the New Jersey legal system that will allow him to avoid jail time . Initially he had been suspended for two games of the 16-game season , a decision by Goodell that was widely criticized . Many commentators have argued the first video TMZ Sports posted was evidence enough for a harsher penalty . But there was a complaint summons that NFL investigators should have had access to as well . The Baltimore Sun posted part of the document back in February . The complaint says Rice was charged with assault by attempting to cause bodily harm , "  specifically by striking her with his hand , rendering her unconscious . " Goodell told CBS that he was sickened by what he saw on the newly released video and that it was the first time he had seen the full scope of the February incident . He also deflected criticism of his handling of Rice 's case and his initial lenient penalty for the domestic violence incident . "  What we saw in the first videotape was troubling to us in and of itself , " Goodell said , referring to another video that surfaced in February after the incident , showing Rice dragging his then-fiancee out of the elevator . "  But what we saw yesterday was extremely clear . It was extremely graphic and it was sickening . " A timeline of key events NFL 's past penalties for domestic violence ' a different story ' CNN 's Wayne Sterling , Drew Iden , Joshua Gaynor , Mariano Castillo , Jill Martin and Jennifer Bernstein contributed to this report .	NEW : ESPN reports sources say Ray Rice admitted punching now-wife in June Robert Mueller to lead inquest into how NFL handled its investigation into Rice case National Organization for Women says investigation is n't enough AP reports NFL executive received a copy of in-elevator video in April
CNN  -- American Webb Simpson capitalized on a last-hole collapse from compatriot Chez Reavie to win the Deutsche Bank Championship on Monday . Reavie , 29 , held a one-shot lead heading into the par-five 18th hole at TPC Boston , but he hit his first bogey of the final round to hand Simpson the chance to force a playoff . Simpson , 26 , then sunk a 30-foot putt to draw level with Reavie on 15-under-par , before carding two birdies in the playoff to clinch his second tournament victory in three weeks . The win lifted Simpson to the top of the FedEx Cup standings , with two tournaments remaining in the season-ending series . The North Carolina native 's August victory at the Wyndham Championship in his home state was his first PGA Tour triumph , but he said his previous success did not make his duel with Reavie any easier . "  I told somebody early this week that I feel like next time I was in contention , it 'll be a lot easier than Greensboro , " Simpson , who is ranked 14 in the world , told the PGA Tour 's official web site . "  And it was n't that way at all . It was just as hard . The shots and the putts were just as hard . I think it helped calm me down a little , but it was like I had never won a golf tournament before . " Reavie was disappointed to see his hopes of a second Tour win slip away , although he was pleased with the form he had displayed in the tournament . "  Unfortunately , my wedge did n't quite work out , " Reavie said . "  But all in all on the day , I played fantastic . " World number one Luke Donald saw his chances of success take a hit with a double bogey at the 12th , and the Briton eventually finished tied for second place with American Brandt Snedeker and Jason Day of Australia on 13-under . The 2003 U.S. Open champion Jim Furyk finished one-shot further back in sixth place on the leaderboard , ahead of his fellow American Bo Van Pelt in seventh . Australian Adam Scott and Hunter Mahan shared eighth place on 10 under , with four-time major winner Phil Mickelson one of six Americans who tied for 10th position . The next round of the FedEx Cup series is the BMW Championship in Illinois , which begins on September 15 , before the Tour Championship on September 22 .	Webb Simpson beats Chez Reavie in a playoff to clinch the Deustche Bank Championship Simpson has won two PGA Tour events in the last three weeks and tops the FedEx Cup World number one Luke Donald finished in a three-way tie for second place
CNN  She could stand on a strand of human hair , with room to spare . The microscopic polymer statue by South African sculptor Jonty Hurwitz , entitled Trust , measured just 1/100th of a centimeter and had been called the "  smallest sculpture ever made . " But the world 's tiniest woman suddenly disappeared to an unknown location , likely never to be seen again . While she was being photographed through an electron microscope -- the only way to view the minute creation -- Trust vanished , with only a smudged fingerprint left behind by her photographer as a clue . After an hour long search , Hurwitz and the photographer gave in : "  It was horror . I remember saying to him : ` You just destroyed or lost the smallest human form that was ever created in history , ' said Hurwitz to CNN Ones to Watch . "  It was gone . " But was it , really ? Hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist who has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he put into coding a finance site valued at over $ 500 million . The 45-year-old 's "  Nano-sculptures " are made from a mysterious resin -- "  a big scientific secret " , says Hurwitz -- and created through a process called "  two-photon lithography . " Hurwitz works with a team of nanotechnology engineers at Karlsruhe University , who focus beams of ultraviolet light to "  zap " solid the liquid resin , one 3D pixel at a time . The resulting sculptures -- he has also created a statue depicting the classical myth of Cupid and Psyche -- can lie on an ant 's head . Put one into the eye of a needle , and it will barely occupy one corner . The "  Nano " project is just one of Hurwitz ' science-inspired sculptural experiments . Another one explores the properties of the mathematical constant Pi , presenting an indecipherable , "  anamorphic " physical sculpture , whose hidden form becomes clear only when reflected in a cylindrical mirror . And he hints that a forthcoming project will also be influenced by his love of the natural world , but will sit at the opposite end of the scale to his nano-models . Hurwitz , who first made his name as the UK-based co-founder of controversial "  payday " loans business Wonga , says he makes visual art with a team , as in traditionally collaborative art forms , such as cinema . He discusses accumulating collaborators as an aggressive start-up accumulates new talent : "  I spent a huge amount of time scouring the world for amazing achievements of humanity and contact these people to work with them . For me the creation of an artwork these days is analogous to the creation of a film : for each piece there may 20 people involved , each one brilliant in their field . " Hurwitz makes no secret of his desire to bring together contemporary science and art -- delighting in the fact that his nano-scale and 3D printed pieces depend on cutting edge technology , and would have been unimaginable just 10 years ago . Online , fans response has been overwhelming , he says , and the internet has become his exhibition space . It provides an "  epic scale " that brick-and-mortar galleries ca n't match , he says , and estimates 13 million people have seen his sculptures since they hit the web in November last year . "  I love the buzz . I love the buzz when I launch a piece on the Internet and on Google Analytics , you suddenly see society engaging ... millions and millions of people engaging . " "  You put a few images on the internet and just watch society consume , engage and think . With comments and blogs and people saying ` It 's not art ' and people working out the science behind it and people complaining ... I just love that buzz ! I love influencing society . " There 's also another side -- what Hurwitz calls "  the traditional side of the geeky art world " -- accusing him of being just an engineer rather than an artist . But he 's unapologetic : "  A lot of the artistic expression that I bring to the world represents the absolute current moment in human development . Whether it 's 3D printing , technology or science , I love to represent the now . " Hurwitz says the creation of the physical artwork is "  just the beginning of its lifecycle . " So what about the missing woman , whose lifecycle has tragically been cut short ? She came back to life during the filming of CNN Ones to Watch  in the video above  -- Trust v. 2 , her new name , has taken the absent dancer 's place . Even still , there are some who think neither dancer was ever there . Invisible to the naked eye , how can we trust this sculpture ever existed beyond the computer screen ? For Hurwitz , this mystery gets right to the heart of nano-scale 's appeal : "  You 've got this 'em peror 's new clothes ' element to this end of the scale spectrum , because you look at these nano-sculptures and there 's nothing there , there 's an element of me going : ` this sculpture ... believe me , it 's there . ' "  At that scale , the sculpture does n't really exist , or our perception does n't allow us to perceive its existence . "  In a way , it challenges the whole idea of contemporary art , by asking : ` Hang on , a piece of art you ca n't really see , is it really a piece of art ? ' "	London-based artist Jonty Hurwitz creates sculptures that are smaller than a human hair They 're made using ultraviolet light and resin , and then photographed with an electron microscope
CNN  -- Martin Brodeur was unstrapping his goaltending pads after another victory , about to be rushed to a TV interview , when a reporter on deadline made a request . Could he answer just one quick question ? "  Yes , I 'm 40 , " Brodeur cracked , predicting the question before it could be asked . "  For some reason , that 's a big deal . " Well , it actually is , and the reason is simple : Brodeur could n't celebrate the milestone -- his birthday was May 6 -- because he was too busy notching another win en route to leading the New Jersey Devils to the Eastern Conference Finals . And now , as the playoffs move to the final two rounds , Brodeur has a chance to win the Stanley Cup at an age when most players already have hung up their skates and picked up their golf clubs . Turning 40 usually means collecting your gag gifts and waking up with a hangover and a realization : You 're not as young as you used to be . For Brodeur , it means doing what he 's done his entire adult life : winning hockey games at the highest level in the sport . No goaltender in NHL history has won more games than Brodeur : His 656 career victories are 105 more than Patrick Roy , who is second on the list . The next active goaltender on the all-time list , Roberto Luongo , has just 339 , so it 's a record that may never be broken . And no one has appeared in a playoff game in his teens and his 40s , which became another line on Brodeur 's long rÃ © sumÃ © this week . He is the definition of longevity , and he 's not just hanging on by the edge of his skates , either . Watch Brodeur 's greatest saves "  You go out , and you compete against players that are such a young age , " Brodeur said during the Devils ' second-round series against the Flyers , which they won in five games . "  I 'm more than twice the age of  Devils rookie defenseman  Adam Larsson . I mean , you kind of shake your head a little bit . "  But you 're able to play at a level when you 're having fun and you 're able to compete in a league you always wanted to play and still be able to keep going . For me , I do n't take anything for granted . I appreciate every moment , especially this year . It 's been awesome for me . " Brodeur has spent his entire career outside the limelight . That comes with the territory of playing in the NHL , the least popular of the four major U.S. sports leagues , and playing for the Devils , who lack the following of their rivals across the Hudson River , the New York Rangers . The Devils , despite their continued success , are rarely picked for national TV games . That does n't diminish what he could accomplish this spring . When Brodeur won his first Stanley Cup , he was just 23 . Now , if the Devils continue their hot streak through the playoffs , he could win his fourth at 40 . That would be a 17-year gap between his first title and his last one . There are n't many athletes who can match that , but two who did -- Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Babe Ruth -- are recognized amongst the greatest in sports history . Brodeur is certainly among hockey 's greatest . Along with his three Stanley Cups  1995 , 2000 , 2003  , he 's won two Olympic gold medals  2002 , 2010  and the Vezina Trophy as the league 's top goalie four times  2003 , 2004 , 2007 , 2008  . His ability to handle the puck behind the net changed the sport , leading to a rule change that restricted where goalies could play the puck . His critics have said that Brodeur benefited from the Devils ' defensive approach for years . But his former role model -- who later became his biggest rival -- thought that argument was unfair . "  I remember in the playoffs , he once said he was facing more critics than shots , " said Roy , who owns most of the NHL goaltending records that Brodeur does n't have . "  I thought it was a nice way to deal with the pressure . From the outside watching him , he almost makes it look easy , but I know how tough it is . " Roy retired in 2003 , when he was 37 . Brodeur is in the final year of his contract but has said he 's leaning toward coming back next year -- his 20th in a Devils uniform -- "  if they 're going to take me back . " He said he 's having too much fun to stop now . "  You have to enjoy what you do , " he said . "  I 've been here for so long that I 've had different roles regardless of me playing or not playing . Just watching guys and helping guys during their careers to make the right decisions . You have to think the right way and go through hurdles for success . " The 40-year-old goaltender is doing what 's he 's done for two decades now : winning hockey games . About the only time he shows his age is when he counted the candles on the birthday cake from his family . There were only about 20 of them . "  Could n't find a big enough cake , I guess , " he said with a laugh .	New Jersey Devils goalie Martin Brodeur turned 40 on May 6 He could n't celebrate because he was about to lead the Devils to the Eastern Conference Finals Steve Politi : "  No goaltender in NHL history has won more games than Brodeur " He won his first Stanley Cup at 23 ; he could win his fourth at an age most players are retired
CNN  -- Actress Gina Gershon is demanding a retraction from Vanity Fair after the magazine reported "  high-end Hollywood dinner-party gossip " that former President Clinton "  has been seen visiting " her in California . Actress Gina Gershon "  is extremely offended " by the Vanity Fair article , her lawyers say . The lengthy article by the magazine 's national editor , Todd Purdum , mentioned the actress along with several other women rumored to be associated with Clinton , all anonymously sourced . "  Todd Purdum 's insinuation is a lie , and it is irresponsible journalism , " said Gershon 's publicist , Mara Buxbaum . "  We are demanding a retraction . " A letter sent by Gershon 's attorneys to Vanity Fair editor-in-chief Graydon Carter , obtained by CNN , demanded a published correction and retraction and threatened possible litigation for defamation . The actress appeared in 1995 's "  Showgirls " and the more recent "  P.S. I Love You . " Gershon "  is extremely offended by the false and defamatory inference that she engaged in an adulterous relationship with the President , " the letter says , adding that the actress has been in the same room with Clinton three times , always in the presence of at least a dozen people . "  It is apparent that Vanity Fair was intent upon publishing unsubstantiated rumors , and that it avoided learning the true facts so that the truth would not get in the way , " the letter says . "  Such conduct is reckless and malicious , giving rise to substantial liability for defamation . " In a statement , Vanity Fair denied that the article indicates any "  improper relationship " between Clinton and Gershon . "  The story merely examines the concerns of some of Clinton 's aides about reports of his behavior , " the magazine said . "  We do n't believe that any correction is warranted . " Purdum 's article , "  The Comeback Id , " quoted multiple anonymous sources questioning the former president 's behavior since leaving the White House . The article suggested that Clinton 's personality had changed since his 2004 heart bypass surgery and said there were reports of Clinton "  seeing a lot of women on the road . " Clinton issued a tirade against Purdum on Monday when asked by Huffington Post writer Mayhill Fowler what he thought of "  the hatchet job somebody did on you in Vanity Fair , " according to a recording of the exchange posted on the Huffington Post 's Web site . " -LSB- He 's -RSB- sleazy , " Clinton responded . "  He 's a really dishonest reporter . " Clinton said that he had not read the article but that he was told that "  there 's five or six just blatant lies in there . But he 's a real slimy guy . " Calling Purdum a "  scumbag , " Clinton said "  he 's one of the guys that propagated all those lies about Whitewater for Kenneth Starr . He 's just a dishonest guy -- ca n't help it . " Purdum "  did n't use a single name , he did n't cite a single source in all those things he said , " the former president said , adding that the article was "  part of the national media 's attempt to nail Hillary for Obama . "  Anytime you read a story that slimes a public figure with anonymous quotes , it ought to make the bells go off in your head , " he said . Jay Carson , a spokesman for Hillary Clinton 's campaign , said late Monday that "  President Clinton was understandably upset about an outrageously unfair article , but the language today was inappropriate , and he wishes he had not used it . " Purdum , a former New York Times reporter who covered the Clinton White House and is married to former Clinton press secretary Dee Dee Myers , defended his article on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " on Monday afternoon , saying he was "  very careful to say there is no clear-cut evidence that President Clinton has done anything improper . " "  I reject the notion that I 'm making an insinuation , " Purdum said . "  But I 'm very comfortable quoting the people I quote because I know who they are , and I know that they are very senior people who have known President Clinton for a very long time and work for him at very high levels . "	Gina Gershon accuses Vanity Fair reporter of "  irresponsible journalism , " lying Magazine stands by article and refuses to run a correction Former president called reporter "  a scumbag " but later apologized
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy said Iran 's threat to block the strategically and economically important Strait of Hormuz is unacceptable . "  The free flow of goods and services through the Strait of Hormuz is vital to regional and global prosperity , " Navy 5th Fleet in Bahrain spokeswoman Cmdr. Amy Derrick Frost told reporters on Wednesday . "  Anyone who threatens to disrupt freedom of navigation in an international strait is clearly outside the community of nations ; any disruption will not be tolerated . " The 34-mile-wide shipping channel leads in and out of the Persian Gulf between Iran and Oman . It is strategically important because tankers carrying oil travel through it . Iran 's vice president has warned that the country could block the strait if sanctions are imposed on its exports of crude oil . France , Britain and Germany have proposed sanctions to punish Iran 's lack of cooperation on its nuclear program . Physically closing the strait would require means that likely are not available to Iran , said Professor Jean-Paul Rodrigue of Hofstra University . "  At best , Iran can posture and potentially disrupt traffic for a short duration , " said Rodrigue , who specializes in global trade and maritime transportation issues . The 5th Fleet is based in Bahrain , and Frost noted that the Navy "  maintains a robust presence in the region to deter or counter destabilizing activities . " "  We conduct maritime security operations under international maritime conventions to ensure security and safety in international waters for all commercial shipping to operate freely while transiting the region , " she said . Asked whether the fleet would be able to keep the strait open if Iran moved to close it , she said , "  The U.S. Navy is a flexible , multi-capable force committed to regional security and stability , always ready to counter malevolent actions to ensure freedom of navigation . " Frost was also asked whether keeping the strait open is part of the fleet 's mandate . She said it is "  committed to protecting maritime freedoms that are the basis for global prosperity . This is one of the main reasons our military forces operate in the region . "  The U.S. Navy , along with our coalition and regional partners , operates under international maritime conventions to maintain a constant state of high vigilance in order to ensure the continued , safe flow of maritime traffic in waterways critical to global commerce . " The French Foreign Ministry stressed that the waterway is an international strait . "  In consequence , all ships , whatever their flag , enjoy the right of passage in transit , in accordance with the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea , adopted in 1982 , and with the customary international maritime law , " the ministry said . Iran is holding a 10-day military exercise in an area from the eastern part of the strait out into the Arabian Sea . Western diplomats describe the maneuvers as further evidence of Iran 's volatile behavior . Rodrigue told CNN that any move by Iran to close the strait would be "  suicidal " to the current regime . In 2009 , 15 million barrels passed through the strait every day , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . "  Keep in mind that countries such as China and Japan are more dependent on Persian Gulf oil than the United States , " the professor said . About 18 % of U.S. net petroleum imports come from the Persian Gulf region , while Canada provides 25 % , according to Rodrigue . The scholar , who has written extensively about oil "  chokepoints , " said there are no other means to move large quantities of oil over long distance than by maritime transportation . Hormuz marks the boundary between Iran and the United Arab Emirates . "  It is thus an international issue where the United States , for strategic and historical reasons , is spearheading its security , " Rodrigue said . Barbara Starr is CNN Pentagon correspondent .	NEW : China , Japan depend heavily on oil from region , expert says The Navy says it wo n't tolerate "  any disruption " Iran is holding a military exercise in the area The strait is short and narrow but strategically important
CNN  -- A new digital map helps you find the Pokemon among us . YouTube made a shocking confession , Samsung and HTC advanced the world of wearable tech with souped-up gloves and you 'll never have to take another lonely selfie , thanks to The Hoff . It must be April Fool 's Day on the Internet . In what 's become an annual tradition , the tech world embraced the tomfoolery of April 1 with all the gusto you 'd expect from clever geeks with time on their hands between hackathons . And the results this year were solid . As usual , Google led the cheeky charge with a spate of gags spanning its many Web and mobile services . First came the rollout of Pokemon Challenge , which turns the iOS and Android versions of Google Maps into a big version of the classic "  catch 'em all " video and card games . According to the gag -- or are they serious ? It 's so hard to tell today -- applicants who find all 25 Pokemon hidden around the world will be considered job finalists by Google and given the job title "  Pokemon Master . " "  It 's always been important to us to have the most qualified employees at Google , " Brian McClendon , the company 's vice president in charge of Maps , says in a video . "  Now , using the technology created by the Google Maps team , we 've prepared the most rigorous test known to man to find the world 's best Pokemon Master . " To play , users just need to open the newest version of Maps on their phone , tap the search bar and press start . The Google Maps accounts on Google + , Facebook or Twitter will be providing hints and tips . Google + announced Auto Awesome Photo Bombs with David Hasselhoff , a tool by which everyone 's favorite knight-riding , lifeguarding Teutonic crooner may magically appear in photos they upload to the site . Google Translate will now work with Emojis , the Chrome team announced , letting Web users who cling to those old-fashioned things called "  words " know what these cheerfully annoying little icons mean .  Spoiler : A pair of clapping hands means "  Yay ! " "  If somebody were able to just explicitly say , ` Hey , I 'm flirting with you ' or ` Hey , I 'm mocking you , ' that would just make my life a lot more efficient , " joked Emily Mee , head of market research for Google Mobile Insights , in a YouTube video . And speaking of Google-owned YouTube , the site made a big April Fool 's confession : All those viral videos ? Fakes . "  Since 2005 , YouTube 's staff has worked tirelessly behind the scenes , meticulously crafting the viral videos and Internet memes you 've come to know and love , " the announcement reads . "  From mainstream hits like Gangnam Style and Harlem Shake to your obscure web forum favorites , our staff of writers , producers and directors has shaped the pop culture moments that matter in our digital lives . " The announcement , in a YouTube video , naturally , lifts the lid on the videos that "  we " will make popular in the coming year . Among them : Clocking , an only slightly more ridiculous cousin to planking , Butter Fails , i.e. YouTube users "  hilariously ruining their bread when they try to spread cold butter on it , " and Baby Shaming . But Google were n't the only ones putting us on . The gadgety folks at ThinkGeek rolled out a host of gag items , from a car charger powered by the flux capacitor from "  Back to the Future " to a tie that fires lasers to Mr. Beard , a machine that will help you grow "  Duck Dynasty " - level facial hair in mere moments . Wearable tech is the big thing in the mobile world right now , and two big tech players advanced the game by moving mobile to your hands . Samsung unveiled Samsung Fingers , which includes a flexible LED screen on your palm , a 16-megapixel camera on your finger and 5G connectivity . Meanwhile , HTC countered with the HTC Gluuv , which straps the new HTC One M8 to your forearm and provides the ability to "  like " things on Facebook by giving an actual thumbs-up with your hand . Airbnb announced that it 's expanding into the professional world with AirBRB , which lets you rent desk space from fellow office workers around the world who may have just popped out for a cup of coffee or bathroom break . iFixit , the gadget-repair service , annouced they had been bought by Apple . "  As part of the deal , Apple made a commitment to produce the most replaceable electronic devices and personal computers on the market , " they said . "  Device is more than a year old ? Upcycle . Visit any of our Apple Store locations and an army of well-groomed young people will happily take your money and congratulate your excellent taste . " And CERN , the European scientific-research organization credited with helping to launch the Web , announced that all its communications will be displayed from now on in the  much-mocked  font Comic Sans . So , let us remind you that everything you read on the Internet Tuesday might not be true . In fact , that 's advice that should maybe be heeded the other 364 days of the year , too . Those are n't nearly all of the gags floating around the Web on Tuesday . What are your favorites ? Let us know in the comments .	In an annual tradition , tech companies launch fake products on April Fool 's Day Google leads charge with Pokemon Maps , David Hasselhoff photo bombs Samsung and HTC both unveiled "  smartgloves " Bare face ? Consider ThinkGeek 's "  Mr. Beard "
CNN  -- Somali pirates have turned high-seas kidnappings into a lucrative business , one that netted between $ 50 million and $ 150 million last year , a former Navy SEAL told CNN . Attackers hijacked the Maersk Alabama , shown here , formerly known as the Alva Maersk . Kaj Larsen spoke to CNN 's Anderson Cooper Wednesday night about the changing tactics of pirates in Somalia . Below is a transcript of that interview , portions of which have been edited . Cooper : You have spent a fair amount of time there . You have actually met with the pirates , right ? Larsen : I did . I met with some of the pirates that were operating out of Port of Mogadishu in 2006 . And that was right before this current uptick in piracy that we 're seeing so much of right now . Cooper : And why the uptick ? Just because now they realize it 's so profitable ? Larsen : Sure , absolutely . There 's an extraordinary incentive to conduct acts of piracy . Last year , they estimate the pirates took in somewhere between $ 50 million and $ 150 million in ransom money . It 's extraordinary . It 's very lucrative . And , obviously , the cheap flow of weapons available in Somalia all contribute to this problem of maritime piracy . See how pirate attacks are skyrocketing " Cooper : And this is a different situation , because now the USS Bainbridge is on scene . This is the first time an American has been held hostage . But , normally , a whole crew gets taken hostage , and it 's basically a negotiation between the company that owns the vessel or the cargo and the pirates . Larsen : Right Obviously , this is a very unique situation and it 's developing right now as we speak . So , this is setting new standards and new precedents . My concern during this situation is that the pirates , seeing their first batch of resistance , in the future might be using more aggressive tactics now that they see that some ships are willing to fight back . Cooper : You were a Navy SEAL . What is the procedure in something like this ? Larsen : Well , obviously , each situation is very unique , and so they have to balance the use of force with the potential threat of injury to the hostage . Again , this is a unique situation . This is the first time Americans have been taken hostage , so we could see a new precedent being set . Watch how pirates operate off Somalia " In the past , the U.S. Navy and the other coalition forces and the combined task force in the region has been reluctant to engage with the pirates militarily , for fear that one of the hostages will be hurt . We will see if that continues to be the case here . Cooper : And , basically , I mean , if -LSB- pirates are -RSB- operating 350 miles offshore , and they 're running around , and then they 're going around in these little skiffs , do they have a larger boat nearby somewhere in the area ? ... They ca n't go 350 miles offshore in a little skiff , can they ? Larsen : No , absolutely not , I mean , although you are seeing improved weather conditions in the Gulf of Aden , which is responsible for the increased in attacks over the past week , 350 miles is a long ways out at sea . So , again , the pirates are becoming increasingly more sophisticated , are actually -LSB- using -RSB- mother ships in many cases , from which they send out the small speedboats out to both track and then sometimes assault these tanker and these container ships in the gulf . Cooper : How do you think this thing is going to end ? Do you have any idea ? Larsen : I do n't really have any idea . In the past , what we have seen is a classic kidnap-for-ransom hostage negotiation system , where the insurance companies end up paying sometimes millions of dollars for these pirates . In this case , I think the very close presence of a U.S. Navy vessel might ... provide some discomfort to the pirates in the area .	Ex-Navy SEAL says kidnapping of American is change for Somali pirates Kaj Larsen says pirates made between $ 50 million to $ 150 million last year "  The pirates are becoming increasingly more sophisticated , " he says
CNN  -- French football has been hit a ` race quota ' row with the country 's sports minister demanding clarification from the national federation of their policy . Reports allege that senior officials have secretly approved limiting the number of black and Arab trainees to 30 per cent from the age of 12-13 and that national team coach Laurent Blanc had approved the quota . Both the federation and Blanc issued denials Friday but minister Chantal Jouanno is seeking guarantees that there are genuine equal opportunities . "  Discrimination has no place in sport , whether it 's in the stands or in the training academies , " Ms Jouanno said . "  I take note of the French football federation 's denial about the existence of such a policy and I invite it to very quickly shed light on the allegations in the article , " she added in a statement released to CNN . The French investigative website Mediapart broke the story about a supposed secret quota Thursday . Quoting "  scandalized " sources within the French Football Federation  FFF  , it said the alleged directive from its National Technical Direction  DTN  had already been sent out to training academies . It further alleged that senior FFF members , including Blanc , had knowledge of the quota . "  A genuine segregation applied to football , " it said . But Philippe Tournon , media officer for the French national team , said Laurent Blanc was outraged by the allegation . " -LSB- He -RSB- categorically denies that he could have supported selections based on ethnicity or skin color , " Mr Tournon said . "  It goes against his philosophy . " FFF president Fernand Duchaussoy also denied the reports Friday . "  I heard about this on Thursday with a great deal of surprise , I was taken aback . I thought it was a joke in bad taste . These are terrible accusations , " he told AFP . Race became a controversial issue again in French football after the shambolic performance of the national team in last year 's World Cup , where the players briefly went on strike . Accusations were made that the team , which had six black players , had mutinied in South Africa because of race . It contrasted with the euphoria around the 1998 World Cup winning-side when the nation adored its multi-ethnic team of "  Blacks , Blancs , Beurs " - blacks , whites and Arabs .	French football hit by ` race quota ' row at its national training centers Report alleges black and Arab players to be restricted to 30 per cent at age 12-13 French football federation and national coach Laurent Blanc deny accusations
CNN  -- When it comes to the new "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " movie , critics have found one begrudging silver lining : At least it 's better than "  Transformers . " Of course the live-action "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , " in theaters Friday , has some things in common with that toy-based franchise , beginning with its association with Michael Bay . The "  Transformers " director served as a producer on 2014 's "  Turtles " adaptation -- leaving the directing to Jonathan Liebesman of "  Battle Los Angeles " -- and tapped former "  Transformers " star Megan Fox to go along for the ride . In "  Turtles , " Fox plays April O'Neil , the eager NYC TV reporter who stumbles across the titular crew of teenage mutants who are well-versed in the martial arts . As April learns , this quad of wise-cracking reptiles , who have a fondness for pizza and a rat for a mentor , are the result of a lab experiment . So there 's the first sigh of relief for longtime fans of "  turtle power " : the new "  Turtles " backstory is pretty faithful to the legacy of the comics , animated series and movies that came before it . There 's a tweak involving April 's childhood relationship to the turtles , but , overall , Donatello 's still the brainy one ; Raphael 's still the hothead ; Leonardo 's still the leader ; and Michelangelo is as party-ready as ever . The problem , critics say , is n't that Bay , Liebesman and script writers Josh Appelbaum , Andre Nemec and Evan Daugherty did n't respect the lore , or that the movie does n't deliver on action . It 's that they revived the franchise with no sense of humor or affection , or even a clear understanding of their audience . "  The new adaptation , " says the Los Angeles Times , "  often feels like some sort of corporate seminar in brand management . There is something half-hearted about the entire film , as if those behind it were involved not because they wanted to make it , not because they should make it , but just because they could . " It 's not "  out-and-out terrible , " but it 's not "  particularly memorable , " either . Variety wound up in the same place of ambivalence , remarking in its review that "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " is a "  back-to-basics origin saga that is neither a particularly good movie nor the pop culture travesty that some were dreading . " There are all the usual Bay trademarks -- "  chaotic action , crass side jokes , visual-effects overkill , Megan Fox " -- but on the other hand , it 's also "  nowhere near ` Transformers ' - level off-putting , " Variety shrugs . For The A.V. Club , it is n't "  fidelity " the movie lacks , "  but a spirit of genuine boyish fun ... . ` Ninja Turtles ' exists for the sole purpose of squeezing a few more drops of milk out of an old cash cow . At least the Turtles themselves look cool , strange new nostrils and all . " But according to The Washington Post , those turtles -- whether you find them to be cool or simply creepy -- do n't get nearly enough screen time , and are treated more like "  sidekicks to the actual focus of this film : summer-movie sexpot Megan Fox . " USA Today , which found the movie "  charmless , dull and derivative , " joined the party line and conceded that "  while there 's nothing particularly playful , fun or clever about this big-screen ` Turtles ' re-boot , there is some good news ... the ninja turtles are more enjoyable to watch than ` Transformers . ' "	The new "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " is n't getting great reviews The movie is n't horrible , but it is n't great , either At least , reviewers say , it 's better than "  Transformers "
CNN  Musical maestro Vanessa Mae wants her ban from international skiing competitions lifted . The multi-million selling violin star -- who competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics under the name Vanessa Vanakorn -- has lodged an appeal with the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  . Mae was given a four-year ban by the International Ski Federation  FIS  in November after the results of her final Olympic qualifying event were adjudged to have been manipulated . "  The FIS panel found Ms Vanakorn was either an active or knowing participant in the manipulation of the results of four giant slalom races that took place in Krvavec , Slovenia in January 2014 , " explained a statement issued by CAS Thursday . "  The FIS council subsequently canceled the results of the four races in question . As a consequence of this decision , Ms Vanakorn was no longer eligible to compete in the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympic Games . "  In appealing to the CAS , Ms Vanakorn seeks the annulment of both decisions . Two arbitration procedures have been opened . " The giant slalom events in question were organized by the Thai Olympic Committee at the request of Mae 's management . They were the last chance for the violinist to fulfill her dream of representing her father 's homeland , Thailand , at the 2014 Winter Olympics , held in Russia . The 36-year-old , who was born in Singapore but grew up in Britain , went on to make her Games bow on the Sochi slopes . Her appearance in the giant slalom made history as she became Thailand 's first ever female skier . The fact that she finished 67th and dead last did not dampen her enthusiasm . "  I expected to be last but at the end of the day the Olympics is a great opportunity , " she told reporters . "  I nearly crashed three times , but I made it down and that was the main thing . " Last-minute decision She also revealed that her decision to make the transition from musician to Olympian had been made at short notice . "  I 'm a last-minute kind of girl , I mean training for the Olympics with six months to go was a last-minute thing , " she added . But it was that last-minute rush to qualify for the Sochi Games that appears to have landed Mae in trouble with the skiing authorities . She has described her ban by the FIS as "  nonsensical . " Mae 's musical prowess made her a household name in Britain and much of the rest of the world , with global sales in excess of 10 million . She made her solo debut with the Philharmonia Orchestra in London at the age of 10 , three years later becoming the youngest soloist ever to record the Beethoven and Tchaikovsky violin concertos .	Vanessa Mae is appealing her four year ban from international skiing competitions The star violinist competed at the 2014 WInter Olympics using her father 's surname Vanakorn Mae has lodged an appeal with the Court of Arbitration for Sport The 36-year-old was found guilty of involvent in manipulating results at her final Olympic qualifying event
CNN  -- Police in Brazil say they have arrested a fourth person in connection with the March 30 rape of an American woman and the beating and robbery of her French boyfriend on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro . The fourth person arrested -- a 13-year-old boy -- is accused of helping steal the tourists ' credit cards , police said Tuesday . According to Brazilian media , the boy has denied involvement in the rape . Police said the woman and man boarded the minibus in the Copacabana beach district in Rio de Janeiro early on March 30 . Three men subsequently boarded the minibus and forced off all the other passengers , police said . The woman was raped and her boyfriend was held captive and robbed , authorities said . Their credit cards were used at several locations inside and outside of Rio de Janeiro over a span of hours , police said . According to Brazilian newspapers , the man was handcuffed and beaten , while the woman was repeatedly raped . The two were dumped in Itaborai , a city more than 30 miles  about 50 kilometers  away , after six hours , O Globo newspaper said . Earlier , police arrested three other people in the case : Carlos Armando Costa dos Santos , Jonathan Foudakis de Souza and Wallace Aparecido Souza Silva . The rape highlights security concerns in the Brazilian city that will host matches in the 2014 World Cup and will put on the Summer Olympics two years later . As more women came forward saying they were victims of similar attacks , Rio de Janeiro Civil Police Chief Martha Rocha issued a written apology . She also fired two police officers responsible for handling rape cases . CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this report from Sao Paulo , Brazil	A 13-year-old boy is accused of helping steal the victims ' credit cards , police say The boy denies involvement in rape , Brazilian media report The incident highlights security concerns in Rio before coming high-profile events
CNN  -- Kuwaiti security forces arrested six Kuwaitis linked to al Qaeda who planned to attack a U.S. military installation , the country 's state-run news agency reported Tuesday . Troops at Camp Arifjan in Kuwait gather for a 2007 holiday show . The suspects had planned to bomb Camp Arifjan during the upcoming Muslim holy month of Ramadan , Kuwaiti security sources said . It is unclear when the arrests took place . Camp Arifjan , outside Kuwait City near the country 's border with Saudi Arabia , is used as a logistical base and transit point for U.S. troops deploying to and from neighboring Iraq , according to the U.S. Defense Department . U.S. State Department spokesman Robert Wood congratulated Kuwait "  on the reported arrest of terrorists targeting U.S. forces and Kuwait facilities . " " ... Kuwait has been an outstanding host for the United States armed forces . This is evidence of the strong U.S.-Kuwait partnership against al Qaeda . " The U.S. military had no further information . "  The operation was a Kuwaiti-led one , and so the Kuwaitis have the details on the intel and the people they apprehended , " said Navy Capt. Jack Hanzlik , a spokesman for U.S. Central Command . The plot also involved an attack on Kuwait 's State Security Service headquarters and other government facilities , according to the Kuwait News Agency , which cited a statement from the Interior Ministry . An investigation into the alleged plot is ongoing , the news agency reported . Two suspects confessed Tuesday that they planned to attack Camp Arifjan with an explosives-laden truck during Ramadan , which begins August 21 , the security sources said . The other four suspects will be interrogated Wednesday , the sources said . Camp Arifjan is the forward headquarters for the U.S. Army Central Command in the region . It is a major logistics base for the U.S. military and generally houses thousands of American troops . Most of the troops stationed there are a component of the 3rd U.S. Army , which is headquartered in Fort McPherson in Atlanta , Georgia , and supports U.S. Central Command missions in the Mideast , including Iraq and Afghanistan , according to the U.S. military . "  We take the security situation at the base and force protection very seriously and coordinate closely with the Kuwaiti government on the security of our bases , " said Army Sgt. Major Brian Thomas , an Atlanta-based spokesman for Central Command . "  Camp Arifjan and other bases in Kuwait are very secure . The security at Camp Arifjan is no different than the security at any U.S. base in Iraq or Afghanistan . " CNN 's Yousef Rafayah , Jill Dougherty and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Sources : Two suspects confess to plan to attack base with explosives Remaining four suspects to be interrogated this week Sources tell news agency suspects wanted to strike during Ramadan Report : Camp Arifjan , State Security Service headquarters , other facilities targeted
CNN  -- The Sauber Formula One team has expressed its sympathy to the loved ones of the track marshal who died Sunday after falling under a crane that was removing one of its crashed cars from the Montreal circuit . The man was helping move Esteban Gutierrez 's vehicle during the Canadian Grand Prix when he tripped and fell into the path of the crane , the F1 website reported . He was taken to Sacre-Coeur Hospital but died of his injuries . "  Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the marshal who sadly passed away and we would like to offer our sincere condolences , " Sauber said on the team 's Twitter page Monday . Mexican driver Gutierrez had earlier tweeted : "  My dearest condolences to the family of the marshal who lost his life today , our prayers for him & his family . RIP . " Race winner Sebastian Vettel also offered his condolences . "  The work of marshals is not always seen but it is vital to our sport and without their commitment , time and dedication , there would be no motorsport , " Red Bull 's triple world champion said on his website . Interactive : Montreal track guide , results and standings The Ferrari team of second-placed Fernando Alonso also issued a statement . "  The winners and losers from this seventh round of the championship , along with the workers and the fans who watched the race from the grandstands or on television , are all thinking of someone who lost their life in an absurd way while involved in what was surely their passion -- racing , " its website reported . "  Indeed , without the work of people like him , events like Formula One grands prix could not even take place . "  Ferrari wishes to express its condolences for the death of this track marshal too : we are doing it here , via the internet , to invite everyone who shares our passion for motorsport to be thinking of the family and friends of the victim . " Motorsport 's ruling body the FIA released details of the incident late Sunday . "  The worker , a member of the Automobile Club de l'Ile Notre Dame , was the victim of an unfortunate accident that occurred at the end of this afternoon 's Formula 1 Grand Prix du Canada , " it said in a statement . "  The worker was helping to recover a car which had stopped during the race . The recovery vehicle had lifted the car to return it to the pits and while doing this the worker dropped his radio and attempted to pick it up . As he did this , he stumbled and was hit and run over by the recovery vehicle . "  The FIA , l'Automobile Club de l'Ile Notre-Dame and the Formula One Grand Prix du Canada want to communicate their deepest condolences to the family and friends of the victim . The identity of the worker can not be revealed at this time . " It was the first time an F1 track worker has died since 2001 , in Melbourne , while another passed away at the Italian circuit of Monza the previous year . Graham Beveridge was killed at the Australian Grand Prix after being hit by a flying wheel from Jacques Villeneuve 's BAR-Honda , just months after volunteer firefighter Paolo Ghislimberti suffered fatal head and chest injuries when a loose wheel from the Jordan of Heinz-Harald Frentzen struck him . Those incidents prompted a major review of safety precautions at F1 races .	Track worker dies after falling under crane during Sunday 's Canadian Grand Prix Marshal has yet to be named following accident at Montreal 's Circuit Gilles Villeneuve Sauber team issues statements of condolence to the man 's family and friends He was the first track worker to die at an F1 race since 2001
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles Clippers co-owner Shelly Sterling asked a Los Angeles probate court Wednesday to uphold her negotiated sale of the team for $ 2 billion despite her husband 's objections , her attorney said . The probate court agreed to hold a four-day trial on the issue , beginning July 7 . Sterling 's legal maneuver comes as three physicians say her estranged husband , Donald , 80 , is mentally incapacitated , said her attorney , Pierce O'Donnell . Court papers say her husband shows early Alzheimer 's or other brain disease . Donald Sterling , the team 's other co-owner , does n't want to sell the team as the National Basketball Association demands ; this week he called the league "  despicable monsters " and "  a band of hypocrites and bullies . " O'Donnell said his client sought an expedited hearing "  given the fact this is a very important transaction , " he said . "  It 's unfortunate . Mrs. Sterling regrets having to go to court and publicly air this problem . But Mr. Sterling 's conduct in reneging on the sale requires her to do so , " O'Donnell said . Joining Sterling and O'Donnell at the courthouse Wednesday was the attorney for former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , with whom Shelly Sterling has reached an agreement to sell the franchise for a record $ 2 billion . Donald Sterling opposes a sale of the team and says he gave his wife a purported letter only to negotiate with a buyer , not to formally sell the team , his attorney said Wednesday . "  Bottom line , Donald Sterling does not want to sell the team , " attorney Bobby Samini said . Technically , a family trust owns the Clippers . But O'Donnell said that three physicians have certified that Donald Sterling lacks the mental capacity to function as a trustee of the complex trust . "  The trust agreement provides that if two qualified physicians certify that he 's mentally incapacitated , he 's removed . We also have a third distinguished doctor who 's an expert in this field , mental capacity , who has reviewed the evidence , and supports the other doctors and agrees on that conclusion . So there 's three doctors . We only need two , " O'Donnell said . "  This is a complex business . You have a $ 2 billion basketball team . You have massive amount of 150 real estate holdings , and it requires a person to run the business who is competent , and the doctor -- three doctors -- have said that he lacks the mental capacity , " O'Donnell said . Doctors ' findings Donald Sterling recently underwent a CT scan and a PET scan of his brain , according to Shelly Sterling 's court filings . Dr. Meril S. Platzer , a California neurologist , examined Donald Sterling on May 19 and found he "  is suffering from cognitive impairment secondary to primary dementia Alzheimer 's disease , " court papers said . The PET scan on May 16 providing findings "  consistent with a neurodementia of the Alzheimer 's type , " Platzer said in his certification of Donald Sterling 's incapacity . Donald Sterling was unable to spell "  world " backward , was unaware of the season of the year and initially had difficulty drawing a clock , Platzer said in court papers . Dr. James Edward Spar , a specialist in geriatric psychiatry who examined Donald Sterling on May 22 , said Sterling suffers "  mild global cognitive impairment " and "  the overall picture is consistent with early Alzheimer 's disease , but could reflect other forms of brain disease , " court papers said . Platzer said in a May 29 certification that Donald Sterling has "  an impairment of his level of attention , information processing , short term memory impairment and ability to modulate mood , emotional liability , and is at risk of making potentially serious errors of judgment , " court papers said . Spar said in May 27 letter that Donald Sterling "  is substantially unable to manage his finances and resist fraud and undue influence , and is no longer competent to act as trustee of his trust , " court documents said . Another specialist in geriatric psychiatry , Dr. Stephen L. Read , "  confirmed the methodology and conclusions of Drs. Platzer and Spar , " court papers said . "  I agree that the history and the findings are highly suspect as representing the slow emergence of progressive dementia , and specifically Alzheimer 's disease , " Read said in documents filed in court . "  In addition , the findings described are fully consistent with the general loss of brain tissue and , more specifically , with the pattern of impaired brain functions demonstrated by the PET scan of May 16 , 2014 . " Under the trust agreement , if Donald Sterling became mentally incapacitated , he would be removed as a trustee , O'Donnell said . Donald Sterling is mentally sound , one of his lawyers , Maxwell Blecher , told CNN on Tuesday . "  It strikes me as totally incredible to argue that this man -- I talk to him every day -- is incapable of making decisions and is mentally incompetent , " Blecher said on Tuesday afternoon . "  And I do n't believe any court is going to make a finding to the contrary . " Adam Streisand , the attorney for Ballmer , said his client was hoping for a speedy court date . "  Mr. Ballmer has insisted , as a provision of this deal , Shelly Sterling get approval from the court that she has the authority as the sole trustee based upon the removal of Mr. Sterling as a trustee . So we are here because Mr. Ballmer is insisting that the court bless the transaction , " Streisand said . "  If it does not go forward , the consequences are dire , " Streisand said . "  Mr. Ballmer is not going to stick around for years , for this to wind through the courts . And the NBA has made it very clear that it will take over the team , and that is a consequence that is not going to benefit the Sterling family . " September deadline Donald Sterling initially vowed to fight the sale and filed a lawsuit against the NBA , then said he was going along with the sale -- until Monday , when he again pulled his support . "  From the onset , I did not want to sell the Los Angeles Clippers . I have worked for 33 years to build the team , " Donald Sterling said . In Shelly Sterling 's court filings , NBA general counsel Richard W. Buchanan said if the Sterlings do n't sell the team by September 15 , the league may sell the team or renew termination proceedings against the Clippers or both . In one document , Shelly Sterling said her husband "  has gone back and forth between opposing the sale and supporting the sale " of the team since May 29 . "  To date , I have not received Donald 's written consent to the sale of the Clippers to  Ballmer  for $ 2 billion , " Shelly Sterling said in court papers . Sterling has been embroiled in controversy since a recording of a conversation with his friend V. Stiviano surfaced . The recording included a series of racist comments . Sterling 's comments , first posted on TMZ , sparked outrage among NBA players , executives and fans . The commissioner fined Sterling $ 2.5 million and banned him for life from the NBA . In a statement Tuesday , Sterling said he has apologized for the remarks and his apology is sincere . He also made inflammatory comments to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " about African-Americans , which the NBA had planned to use as part of its evidence against him in an owners ' meeting where a vote would be taken on whether to terminate his ownership rights . The meeting was canceled . Sterling 's lawsuit makes clear that he believes the NBA has no right to force such a sale , and the league was wrong in banning him for life and fining him . In addition to damages , the lawsuit seeks a restraining order . Sterling says NBA officials are ` bullies , ' ` hypocrites , ' ` monsters ' NBA commissioner : Sterling saga not over yet	Donald Sterling shows ` neurodementia of the Alzheimer 's type , ' a doctor says He 's unaware of the season and ca n't spell ` world ' backward , doctor adds He shows ` early Alzheimer 's disease ' or other brain disease , second doctor says Findings are consistent with ` the general loss of brain tissue , ' third doctor says
CNN  -- Whenever a new baby is on the way , the family ca n't help but speculate on what the little one might look like . Will he or she have straight hair like Dad or curly hair like Mom ? Be tall like Aunt Susan or short and stubby like Uncle Leroy ? When the new arrival is the future king or queen of England , more than just the family wants to know . Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , is reportedly due to give birth July 13 , and the world will watch as the baby grows up . Will he or she turn out to have blue eyes like Prince William or green ones like Catherine ? Be light-haired like Dad or dark-haired like Mom ? Will Prince Charles ' ears be passed on to a future generation ? Online bets are already being placed on the child 's hair color . Whatever happens , this baby might stand out genetically among royals because his mother is the first commoner to marry into the royal family since the 17th century . Marriage within a relatively small gene pool , like the royals , means a bad gene has a pretty good chance of rearing its ugly head . The blood clotting disorder hemophilia , for example , has run in the British royal family . "  It 's very good that they 're bringing in new genes , " said Dr. Anand Saggar , a consultant in the South West Thames Regional Genetics Department at St. George 's Hospital Medical School in London . "  It freshens up the gene pool . " Royal baby slightly more likely to be female , scientist says Catherine 's commoner genes might lead to a somewhat darker-skinned baby , Saggar said . The royals , he explained , are pretty pale . Catherine 's skin has a considerably more olive tone , and the baby will likely be somewhere between the two -- but more like Catherine because her genes are dominant over lighter ones . "  The odds are the child will have darker skin color than the royals might be used to , " Saggar said . The same is true for eye color . The chances that the baby will have true blue eyes like William 's are relatively unlikely . Most likely , Saggar said , the baby 's eyes will be a shade closer to Catherine 's . With hair color , there are basically four options : light like Dad , dark like Mom , a shade in between the two or red like the baby 's Uncle Harry . Saggar said it 's possible to calculate the odds of a redhead . Based on the fact that William 's brother , Prince Harry , is a ginger , there 's a 66 % chance that William carries a gene for red hair , he said . Less is known about Catherine 's heritage , but assuming it 's similar to the genes of other British people , he calculates there 's a 6 % chance the baby will have red hair . Apparently Britons are more confident the baby will have red hair . At William Hill online betting , there are 4-1 odds the baby will be a ginger . "  If you 're going to put some money on it , you might want to think about it , " Saggar said . While hair color might be debatable , one physical trait seems pretty clear : William and Catherine 's child will likely be quite tall . William is reportedly around 6 foot 3 inches tall , and his wife about 5 feet 10 inches . A son would likely be between 5 feet 11 inches and 6 feet 7 inches , and a daughter between 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet 2 inches , according to Barry Starr , director of outreach at the department of genetics at Stanford University . Of course , it 's impossible to use genetics to predict completely what any baby will look like , royal or not . "  That 's the fun of having babies , " Saggar said . "  You do n't know what you 're going to get . " Video : Royal note to reveal baby 's gender CNN 's John Bonifield and William Hudson contributed to this report .	The royal baby might have blue eyes like William or green ones like Catherine It 's likely the baby will have darker skin than most royals , an expert says Royal offspring may also have red hair like uncle -- Prince Harry
CNN  -- Two reactions seize people in the face of a horrific event like the mass murder of little children in Newtown , Connecticut . The first is shock , the second is a rush into activity . The reason we rush into activity is to escape the numbness of shock and the pain that follows it . But if we bury ourselves in every detail of the story , staying glued to the TV , reliving the event in our imaginations and obsessing over the meaningless of violence , we may be working against the healing process rather than helping it . Medical science knows a lot more about the effects of trauma on the brain than it did even five years ago . One salient point is that post-traumatic stress disorder , or PTSD , affects not just the immediate victims of violence , whether in war or the result of crime , but also bystanders and witnesses . Another discovery is that brain trauma causes abnormal activity in at least three areas of the brain . The amygdala , responsible for emotions , is over-activated . The hippocampus , responsible for short-term memory , starts to recycle the traumatic event obsessively . The prefrontal cortex , especially in the area that mediates emotions , becomes weaker . Opinion : To help kids with tragedy , slow down , listen The overall result is that you ca n't stop reliving the traumatic event and feeling its impact , while your ability to get past your emotions is lessened . We 've all experienced the PTSD state of the brain through mass tragedies like the attacks on 9/11 . The symptoms are familiar , yet neuroscience allows us to see that healing consists of getting out of the pattern just described . Throwing yourself back into the traumatic event only increases the symptoms . An event like Newtown creates suffering . Suffering can be defined as the pain that makes life seem meaningless . Animals suffer , of course , and often deeply . Some , like the elephant , are capable of mourning for their kind if one dies . Humans , however , are subject to complex inner pain that includes fear , guilt , shame , grief , rage and hopelessness . September 11 revealed that it was an illusion to think that our society was immune to such suffering . That illusion abruptly burst again with Newtown . Thinking back , I was traveling on 9/11 , and when I landed at a Midwest airport , I met people beseeching to know what to do about their distress . In those first moments , shock was just giving way to tears , so all anyone could do was to try to feel safe again on the most basic level . A parents ' promise : I will keep you safe I reflected on my own experiences with grief . "  Hold each other , " I offered . "  Do n't be afraid to ask for contact . Reach out and tell your loved ones that you do love them . Do n't let it be taken for granted . Feel your fear . Be with it and allow it to be released naturally . Pray . Grieve with others if you can , alone if you must . " These were simple , basic remedies for the immediate reaction of shock . Grieving is often different for men and women , because men tend not to let their emotions out in front of others as easily as women can . Men have been taught that it is a sign of weakness to show public emotion , and so feel safer crying alone . But for anyone , peering into the brain as we now can do , the physiological story is that trauma disrupts the balance of feeling , memory and decision-making . They need time and care to come back into balance . Studies have shown that even in the face of tragedy , and despite the fact that a memory may be indelible , emotional balance for many victims can return to normal states within two years . This is cause for hope . When terrible things happen : Helping children heal After shock and numbness , the second stage is that powerful emotions rise to the surface , often after being buried for years or decades . All around us we see rage and sorrow starting to erupt .  President Obama 's call for an end to gun massacres expresses emotions that are strong today but will be tested tomorrow when politicians face the National Rifle Association and begin to calculate the odds of getting re-elected if a powerful lobby opposes them . At the same time , over-sensitivity sets in because the brain 's control mechanisms are weak . The most common incidents -- the slam of a door , a car backfiring , a surprise tap on the shoulder -- can cause a panic reaction . In ensuing days , this unguarded anxiety can begin to spread like a contagion . The third stage of suffering comes when you face your inner wound and either move to heal it , strike out against your symptoms , or choose denial . Each person affected by a trauma usually falls into a confused mixture of all three responses . But the most basic choice is whether to keep suffering or alleviate it . For the sake of bringing suffering to an end after Newtown , we should pause over the choices that everyone can make as an aid to healing : Hold each other in loving awareness . Speak gently . Resist viewing negative images over and over . Walk away when the conversation contains negativity . Keep your life as structured as possible -- This is especially true when dealing with children in the aftermath of tragedy . Try not to be alone -- Eat meals as a family , allow friends to offer consolation even when being around others is painful . Forgive yourself when you feel like a victim , but take steps to grow out of victim thinking . Allow for someone else 's point of view . It is difficult to express inner pain , and we all do it imperfectly . What may seem like anger and frustration from others is often the best they can do . Because it reaches so deep , your sense of suffering may be subtle , like a gray fog rather than a sharp physical wound . To truly judge how healing is progressing , it is important to do more than regain everyday normality . Become involved in your own healing , let time be your ally , and go as deeply as you can into the reservoir of peace that lies inside you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Deepak Chopra .	Deepak Chopra : We delay healing when we obsess over details of a tragedy Chopra : Trauma disrupts the balance of the brain and it needs time to come back After shock , powerful emotions rise that the brain has difficulty dealing with , he says Chopra : You need to resist negative images , seek companionship , speak gently
CNN  -- U.S. authorities have seized more than 3 tons of marijuana from a tanker trailer traveling in Texas ' Rio Grande Valley , a spokesman from Immigration and Customs Enforcement said . Ross Feinstein , a spokesman for the customs agency , said special agents seized the marijuana Friday near Falfurrias , Texas . It was packaged in about 500 bricks wrapped in clear cellophane and duct tape , he said . The street value of the marijuana is approximately $ 5.3 million , according to ICE spokeswoman Adelina Pruneda . She said 6,700 pounds of marijuana had been seized . CNN 's Frances Causey contributed to this report .	Street value of marijuana is $ 5.3 million , according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement Authorities seize 6,700 pounds of marijuana
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Protesters in Ukraine remained defiant and continued their mass demonstration against President Viktor Yanukovych over the country 's U-turn away from the European Union Monday , the same day masked men raided the headquarters of the opposition party Monday , according to opposition party leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk . "  Members of the special ops destroyed the entire server room , " he said . "  Equipment was destroyed , dragged out , across the entire premise of the Batkivshchyna Political Party headquarters . " Police denied any involvement in the raid . The raid happened after Yanukovych 's announcement on his website that he would back a call for talks involving the opposition to work out a compromise . With pressure growing , thousands remained on the streets of Kiev , some facing off with lines of Interior Ministry troops Monday evening near the presidential administration building . Minor scuffles broke out , but demonstrators were holding their ground as security forces began removing barricades . Opposition leader and former heavyweight champion Vitaly Klitschko approached riot police and urged them to stay calm and "  not break the law " should they be ordered to remove protesters . "  None of us has either guns nor other objects ; this is a peaceful protest , " he said . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden entered the fray Monday with a phone call to Yanukovych in which he "  expressed his deep concern about the situation in Ukraine and the growing potential for violence , " according to a statement . Biden said he urged Yanukovych to hold talks with the opposition . Burning tires to stay warm Faced with freezing temperatures as the bitter cold sets in , the protesters burned tires and sipped hot soup and tea to stay warm . Some played soccer or strummed guitars as they camp out in tents . The crowds often swell in the evenings as people leave work and join the rallies . As more police gathered on the streets , the demonstrators received a message of support from actor George Clooney . "  We here in the United States have great affinity for those seeking democracy , " Clooney said in a video posted online . "  We learned through trial and error that true democracy can not exist without a free and fair and honest election . " The actor , who has lent his voice to campaigns for various issues in the past , added : "  Let me just say this to all of you in the square in Kiev or all around Ukraine : When you look to the West , know that we are looking back at you with great admiration . " Populist movement The protests began when Kiev refused a deal with the European Union , opting instead for closer ties with neighbor Russia . It has grown into a populist movement , the biggest the Eastern European country has seen since the so-called Orange Revolution toppled the government nine years ago . "  The government and opposition should hold talks to solve this . It has gone too far , it might result in conflict , " Vysotsky said . "  We do not want a conflict . " European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton would travel to Kiev on Tuesday to try to "  bring some solutions to the very tense situation that Ukraine is living today . " Speaking at a conference in Milan , Italy , Barroso said he had spoken with Yanukovych by phone Sunday . "  I asked him to show restraint in the face of these recent developments , to not use force against the people that are demonstrating peacefully , to respect fully the freedoms that are so important for all of us in Europe , " he said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called Yanukovych on Sunday and told the Ukrainian President that he had "  grave concern " about the situation , urging authorities not to resort to violence . Yanukovych told the U.N. chief that "  consultations would be initiated to defuse the situation , " the United Nations said . East vs. West The protesters say an EU agreement would have opened borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion . They accuse Yanukovych , who met Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday , of preparing to take the country into a Moscow-led customs union . The tensions tugging at the country are felt across the nation -- Ukraine is split between pro-European regions in the west of the country and a more Russia-oriented east . One of the main reasons for Yanukovych 's decision to backpedal on the EU talks is Russia 's threat of trade sanctions and gas bill hikes . Yanukovych was also under pressure by the EU to free Tymoshenko , his jailed chief political opponent . The Orange Revolution that swept him from office in 2004 , when he was Prime Minister , also swept Tymoshenko to power . Tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison in 2011 after being convicted of abuse of authority over a natural gas deal negotiated with Russia in 2009 . The United States and Europe see the punishment as politically motivated . Many of the protesters have carried her picture in Independence Square during the rallies . "  This is the end of Soviet occupation , " the party 's Twitter account said . "  End of  the  regime of shame and humiliation . " Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev and CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian reported and wrote from London . CNN 's Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report .	Masked men raid opposition party 's headquarters , its leader says Opposition leader Vitaly Klitschko urges police to stay calm U.S. Vice President calls President Viktor Yanukovych , urging talks with opposition Ukraine president supports proposal by a predecessor for "  nationwide panel discussion "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A man who allegedly jumped a fence at Halle Berry 's home twice last weekend and was prowling around her Hollywood Hills neighborhood Monday pleaded not guilty Wednesday to a felony stalking charge . Richard Anthony Franco , 27 , was arrested at Berry 's home late Monday by off-duty police officers hired by the Oscar-winning actress after two intrusions into her property on Saturday and Sunday , according to Los Angeles police . Berry , in a court filing seeking a restraining order against Franco , said police told her he "  has a criminal history of violence , theft and drug offenses . " He was "  carrying a book with nonsensical ramblings and my name written in his handwriting " when he was arrested , she said . A neighbor alerted the officers to the presence of a "  possible burglar " at 11:15 p.m. Monday , according to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office . The decision to charge Franco with a felony was announced Wednesday morning by the prosecutor 's office . Franco , who was already on probation for misdemeanor battery , could face up to three years in prison if convicted on the stalking charge , the prosecutor said . Franco , a resident of Commerce , California , made an initial appearance in court Wednesday , where he entered his plea . The judged ordered him held in a Los Angeles jail on $ 150,000 bond until his preliminary hearing on July 27 . A temporary restraining order was also issued , banning Franco from coming within 500 yards of Berry or trying to contact her via telephone . Investigators said Franco is the same man who intruded into Berry 's yard two times last weekend . Both times he claimed he was "  there to see somebody , " but left after a Berry employee ordered him out , police spokeswoman Sara Faden said . "  Richard Franco is a stranger to me and I have no desire to have any contact with him , " Berry said in her statement . "  He has terrorized me and my family in three consecutive incidents over the last three days . " It 's not unusual for photographers to stake out positions around Berry 's Los Angeles home to get shots of the Oscar-winning actress , but investigators did n't know what this intruder was trying to do , Faden said . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	NEW : Richard Anthony Franco , 27 , enters a not guilty plea Wednesday NEW : A restraining order bans Franco from getting near Berry Franco carried "  a book with nonsensical ramblings " written in it , Berry says Off-duty police arrested Franco near Berry 's home late Monday
MANILA , the Philippines  CNN  -- A debate is stirring in the predominantly Roman Catholic country of the Philippines : should the government provide contraceptives to the public ? Sheila Villanueva , a 25-year-old maid with five children , said she would not use contraceptives . More than 100 members of the House of Representatives have co-authored a bill that would allow government funds to be used to promote artificial contraceptives -- which is now prohibited in the Southeast Asian nation . "  The bill is not about religion . It is not about morality , " said Edcel Lagman , a congressman . "  It 's about rights , health and sustainable human development . " Some one-third of the country 's 90 million people live in poverty . The Asian Development Bank said that problem will persist until the country curbs its birth rate -- one of the highest in the world . The nationwide Pulse Asia Poll found nearly two-thirds of people support the bill . But the Catholic Church is fiercely opposed , and is pressuring lawmakers to vote against it . "  Why should we use contraceptives , teaching our children the use of contraceptives , " said Ed Sorreta of Pro-Life Philippines . "  It 's totally against the teaching of the Catholic Church . The poverty is really caused by other issues , moral values . " "  When you talk about natural family planning , it needs discipline , that 's where many couples fail . They lack the discipline . " Abortion is illegal in the Philippines , except in cases to save a mother 's life . But the United Nations estimates that half a million illegal abortions are performed in the country every year . Sheila Villanueva , a 25-year-old maid earning $ 2 a day , has five children . "  I married at eighteen . I had my first baby by the time I was nineteen . Then the babies came , one after the other , " she said . "  Life is so hard , kids get sick easily , prices of goods are so high . That 's one of the reasons why I do n't want them to have too many kids , " she said . Still , Villanueva said she would not use contraceptives . "  Even if they say you 'll end up with too many kids , I do n't get swayed by their persuasions , I wo n't use those contraceptives , " she said . The legislation will go before the nation 's Congress in the next few months . "  This bill , once it becomes a law , it will give information and access to those who want it , " Lagman said . "  But I will also underscore that central to this bill is the freedom of choice . ...  W  e compel women to make their own choices . " "  T  he government should be there to give them free information and free access to the products , particularly to the poorer of the poor , " he added .	More than 100 lawmakers back a bill to use government funds for contraceptives A backer says the bill is about sustainable human development , not religion Some one-third of the country 's 90 million people live in poverty The ADB says the nation has one of the world 's highest birth rates
Texas Republicans have adopted a party platform that includes support for voluntary psychological "  therapy " targeted at converting homosexuals to heterosexuals . Almost 10,000 attendees gathered in Fort Worth at the annual Texas GOP Convention to vote on a platform ahead of the 2016 race for the White House . Supporters of "  conversion " or "  reparative " therapy believe the treatment is effective in turning gays straight . California and New Jersey have banned the treatment for minors . The Texas Republicans ' measure states that "  We recognize the legitimacy and efficacy of counseling , which offers reparative therapy and treatment for those patients seeking healing and wholeness from their homosexual lifestyle . No laws or executive orders shall be imposed to limit or restrict access to this type of therapy . " Spearheading the endorsement is Cathie Adams , president of the conservative Texas Eagle Forum . She stressed that the measure calls for allowing people to choose the treatment . "  Nothing is mandatory , " Adams wrote in an e-mail to CNN on Saturday . "  If a person chooses counseling , then it should be made available . California and New Jersey have passed bills OUTLAWING it altogether , which is under litigation . It 's a freedom issue . " But an array of professional organizations oppose gay conversion therapy . Such groups include the American Medical Association , the American Psychiatric Association and the American Psychological Association . "  The most important fact about these ` therapies ' is that they are based on a view of homosexuality that has been rejected by all the major mental health professions , " said the APA , the nation 's largest scientific and professional organization representing psychology . "  To date , there has been no scientifically adequate research to show that therapy aimed at changing sexual orientation ... is safe or effective . " Adams told CNN in a phone interview she was introduced to reparative treatment by a constituent in her precinct who claimed he was a gay man who is now straight because of such treatment . "  I do not think homosexuals are born as homosexuals , " Adams said . "  To say this is an unchangeable thing , there are too many people who 've changed their mind about homosexuality . No one can change the color of their skin or change the place they 're born , but they can definitely choose their lifestyles , " she added . Last August , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie signed into law a measure banning gay conversion therapy for minors . "  The American Psychological Association has found that efforts to change sexual orientations can pose critical health risks including , but not limited to , depression , substance abuse , social withdrawal , decreased self-esteem and suicidal thoughts , " the Republican governor said in his signing statement . "  I believe that exposing children to these health risks without clear evidence of benefits that outweigh these serious risks is not appropriate . "	"  Reparative therapy " aims to turn gays straight "  Nothing is mandatory , " says one supporter of the state GOP platform California and New Jersey banned ` reparative therapy ' for minors in 2013 Psychology group : No adequate research shows such treatment is safe or effective
CNN  -- When Joe Schroeder became a father in February , he did something a lot of working men in the United States only dream of : He took off from work for three months to stay home with his wife and newborn daughter , Alma Lucette . It was a "  blissful " period , he said . He cooked breakfast and dinner nearly every day , something he never does when he 's working . He perfected his diaper-changing technique . He took long walks with his wife and daughter around their home of Greensboro , North Carolina , occasionally stopping for lunch . Best of all , he got to spend hours holding his daughter and getting to know her without pressure to be anywhere else in the world . "  I would n't say it was like a vacation ; it was all we could do to keep up with having a brand new baby . But I ca n't imagine doing it any other way , " he said . His experience is far from the norm in the United States , which , unlike most countries in the world , does not provide paid leave for mothers or fathers around the birth or adoption of a child . The nonprofit Schroeder works for falls into a minority of just 11.4 % of workplaces in the United States that provides paid leave for its employees , according to Department of Labor statistics . Instead , many people use a combination of vacation or sick days or unpaid leave , like Schroeder 's wife , Lora Smith did . Still , without Schroeder 's paid leave , the couple said they would have been unable to afford to both take the maximum 12 weeks allowed under the Family Medical Leave Act . "  It made me a lot more aware of how fundamental parental leave is to family stability , " Schroeder said . "  It made me lament the fact that it 's not a right that everybody shares . " Amid all the talk of women "  leaning in " and "  having it all , " men tend to get left out of the conversation . Even though the benefits of giving fathers equal time to bond with their children are pretty well established , parental leave worldwide for fathers tends to be shorter than it is for mothers . Yet , time and again , studies have shown that the United States is a "  total outlier " in the area of work-family policy , said Janet Walsh with Human Rights Watch , which examined U.S. work-family policy in a 2011 report , Failing its Families . While it 's great that the FMLA protects workers ' jobs while they tend to family needs , evidence shows there 's even more benefit to providing paid leave to help ease the financial burden on families of taking time off . Modern fathers face new expectations "  It should be a basic workplace right and a basic human right , " said Walsh , deputy director of the women 's rights division . "  It 's good for workers , families and the economy . " Beside , unpaid leave is not a financial option for most Americans , said Vicki Shabo , director of work and family programs for the National Partnership for Women & Families . "  The most common reason people do n't take leave when they need it is because they ca n't afford it , " she said . "  When people are living from paycheck to paycheck and unemployment is high , there 's a real economic pressure to forgo the leave that 's needed . " A 2012 National Partnership study found that 14 states and the District of Columbia have laws that go beyond FMLA . California and New Jersey in particular provide paid family leave insurance to eligible employees through payroll contributions . A study released in January found that fathers who took two or more weeks of leave upon their child 's birth are more likely to be involved in the direct care of their children beyond leave . The study noted that fathers ' use of paternity and parental leave was largest when leave was well-paid and designated specifically for fathers , Walsh pointed out . While immense progress has been made worldwide to provide women with access to leave around the birth or adoption of a child , there 's still much work to be done for fathers , said Jody Heymann , dean of UCLA 's Fielding School of Public Health and lead author of Children 's Chances , the most comprehensive study to date on global laws and policies that affect children and families . Of 193 countries surveyed , the study found that 180 provide some form of paid leave for mothers and 81 guarantee similar rights to fathers , according to Children 's Chances . The United States is not one of them . "  From the standpoint of children , we know that dads ' involvement is just as important as moms ' involvement , " Heymann said . "  We also know that when fathers take leave during infancy they are more likely to be involved in their children 's lives down the road . " Ensuring equal parental leave for fathers is also important to ensuring equal opportunities for women in the workplace , she said . "  Addressing equal participation in the workforce by new parents is critical to equity for both genders . " The Family Medical Leave Act , which applies equally to men and women , does n't guarantee paid time off . It allows eligible employees of covered employees to hold onto their jobs for 12 weeks should they decide to take time off for the birth or adoption of a child . It also provides for the continuation of group health insurance coverage under the same terms and conditions as if the employee had not taken leave . Employers , however , are not legally required to pay for the time off . What made Schroeder 's situation exceptional was that his employer gave him three whole months of paid leave . That 's 12 weeks in which he received a salary and benefits without having to use vacation time or sick days , unlike his wife , who used a combination of all three so she could stay home with him and Alma . Lora Smith said she also benefited from her husband 's presence . She did the breastfeeding ; he did the diaper-changing . They took turns waking up in the middle of the night and shared all the mundane tasks that do n't simply disappear because a baby has arrived . "  We 'd joke that I did input and he did output , " she said . "  It 's hard for me to imagine what it would 've been like if he had n't been home for the full 12 weeks . " Smith believes she might have succumbed to post-partum depression without her husband 's presence at home . With him around , she could take naps during the day and sleep for longer stretches at night , catching up on much-needed sleep to recover from childbirth . Not having to wake up and go to work in the morning made it easier on both of them . "  It was a wonderful time for our new family to bond and spend time together , build connections and connect over the new life we had , " she said . "  Paid leave for parents to stay home with a newborn has been made into a privilege when it should be a basic right , " she said . "  We need comprehensive policy reform to address how we as a nation care for our families . Everyone has the right to experience the bliss of staying home and being fully present for those first months . It 's an issue of fairness . " In contrast , parents in Iceland each get three months of paid parental leave plus an additional three months that either can use . Icelandic parents can take their leave any time before the child turns 2 . Tumi Ferrer , a head waiter at ReykjavÃk 's Dill restaurant , took his paternity leave from May to July 2012 , when his son , Kolbeinn was almost 1 year old . Like Schroeder , he took pleasure in the mundane tasks of staying home , doing dishes , cooking and bonding with his son . "  Those were the best things about parental leave , taking care of nothing else but him and the home ; at peace , " said Ferrer , 25 . "  I could n't imagine how difficult it would be not to have that experience because in my opinion ,  even  three to six months for each parent is way too little . " CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Fathers say paternity leave lets them bond with newborns The U.S. is one of few countries that does not provide paid parental leave About 11 % of U.S. workplaces provide paid leave for mothers or fathers Studies show paid paternity leave is a gender equalizer that helps women in workforce
CNN  -- Gay and lesbian groups are attacking a decision by the archdiocese of Denver , Colorado , not to re-enroll a child in a Catholic school in Boulder , Colorado , next year because the child 's parents are lesbians . The issue centers on the Sacred Heart of Jesus School , where the pre-schooler is currently enrolled . "  The Archdiocese of Denver has acted very unjustly in singling out this child for exclusion , " said DignityUSA Executive Director Marianne Duddy-Burke in a written statement Monday . "  Until every student 's parents are tested on Catholic teaching , this action by Catholic officials can not be understood as anything other than discrimination on the back of a child . At a tender age , this child has learned that Catholic officials are willing to inflict pain on children and families . " The decision was made public last week . "  These actions by the Denver Archdiocese harm the student by taking the child away from friends , teachers and community , " said Jarrett Barrios , president of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation . "  It 's deeply troubling to see any school remove a child from their educational program simply as the means of rejecting that child 's parents . " But the archdiocese defended its decision . "  Parents living in open discord with Catholic teaching in areas of faith and morals unfortunately choose by their actions to disqualify their children from enrollment , " it said in a statement posted on its Web site . "  To allow children in these circumstances to continue in our school would be a cause of confusion for the student in that what they are being taught in school conflicts with what they experience in the home . "  We communicated the policy to the couple at Sacred Heart of Jesus Catholic School as soon as we realized the situation . We discussed the reasons with them and have sought to respond in a way that does not abruptly displace the student but at the same time respects the integrity of the Catholic school 's philosophy . " In a posting of his sermon , the Rev. Bill Breslin , pastor of Sacred Heart of Jesus Church , supported the move . "  The issue is not about our not accepting ` sinners , ' " he said . "  It is not about punishing the child for the sins of his or her parents . It is simply that the lesbian couple is saying that their relationship is a good one that should be accepted by everyone ; and the Church can not agree to that . " About 30 opponents of the move -- "  mostly hetero allies of the gay community " -- protested Sunday outside the church during Mass , said Dave Ensign , board president of Boulder Pride , a lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community center and services organization . Ensign handed out flyers to the protesters and then joined the parishioners as they listened to the sermon defending the church 's move . "  I was disappointed , but it was pretty much what I was expecting to hear , " he said . He added that the larger community 's reaction has been positive , saying , "  When people hear about this , they speak up , and I think that says a lot about our community . " The child has not been identified publicly . No one at the archdiocese or at the school immediately returned calls Monday seeking comment .	Gay and lesbian groups call the decision "  discrimination on the back of a child " Archdiocese says decision "  respects the integrity of the Catholic school 's philosophy " About 30 opponents of the move protested Sunday outside the church during Mass
CNN  -- Police recently seized a cab owned by Jesse Matthew , the last person seen with missing University of Virginia student Hannah Graham and who also has been linked to another college student 's death in 2009 , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN . According to the source , Matthew was driving the cab in 2009 , when 20-year-old Virginia Tech student Morgan Harrington went missing after attending a Metallica concert in Charlottesville . She was last seen hitchhiking along U.S. 29 outside of Charlottesville , and her remains were found on a farm months later . No arrests have been made in her case , and the cause of her death still is under investigation . Yet , late last month , DNA evidence linked Matthew to Harrington 's death , a law enforcement source told CNN . Around that time , Matthew was a private contractor for the owner of a local , now-defunct cab company called Access . Police have spoken to several cab drivers who worked with Matthew then , the source with knowledge of the investigation said . Previously , Matthew had worked for at least one other Charlottesville taxi company -- Yellow Cab -- according to its owner Mark Brown . He had a license to operate a taxi in the Virginia city from 2005 to 2010 , according to Todd Divers , Charlottesville 's commissioner of revenue . The 32-year-old Matthew is now behind bars , arrested in Texas as a suspect in Graham 's disappearance . He was transferred to Virginia and charged with abduction with intent to defile , and is being held in a Virginia jail . Meanwhile , authorities say they do n't know where Graham is . Almost from the start , speculation was raised about the possibility of a connection between Graham 's disappearance and Harrington 's death . "  Certainly the question has arisen . It 's certainly a legitimate question , " Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters last month . Hannah Graham 's disappearance : What we know CNN 's Jean Casarez , Athena Jones and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	Source : Police seize a taxi that was once owned by Jesse Matthew He was cab driver in 2009 , when a young woman went missing ; her remains later found Source has said DNA links Matthew to Morgan Harrington 's case , though is n't charged Matthew is being held on an abduction charge in Hannah Graham 's disappearance
CNN  -- Tony Fernandes is the CEO of Air Asia , Asia 's leading low fare , no frills airline , flying to destinations across the region . After graduating from the London School of Economics in 1987 , he worked as an accountant for Richard Branson 's Virgin Records from 1987 to 1989 . The amateur guitarist went on to become vice-president for Southeast Asia for Warner Music Group from 1992-2001 . In a dramatic change of direction , Fernandes left the music industry to buy Air Asia , a bankrupt carrier -- the purchase cost him a token fee of 26 cents . Since taking over Air Asia he has become known as the Richard Branson of Asian air travel . E-mail to a friend	Tony Fernandes is the CEO of Asia 's biggest budget airline He studied in the UK and joined Richard Branson 's Virgin Records In 2001 Fernandes bought Air Asia for just 26 cents
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- Basketball great Charles Barkley began serving a three-day sentence in Arizona 's infamous Tent City on Saturday , jailed by the same sheriff whose autobiography he endorsed 12 years ago . Charles Barkley bristled at the implication he should be wearing stripes instead of a red-and-bue sweatsuit . "  You come here when you screw up , " Barkley said at a news conference hours after he reported at the Maricopa County jail . "  I do n't blame anybody for this situation but myself . " Barkley , 45 , pleaded guilty last month to misdemeanor drunken-driving charges stemming from a New Year 's Eve arrest after he left a Scottsdale , Arizona , nightclub . A judge sentenced him to 10 days in jail , but his sentence was reduced in exchange for Barkley 's attending an alcohol-awareness course . At the news conference , Barkley sat next to Sheriff Joe Arpaio , the self-proclaimed "  Toughest Sheriff in America . " Arpaio is known for giving inmates old-fashioned , black-and-white-striped uniforms , making some of them live in tents and reinstituting chain gangs , even for women . "  I 'm an equal incarcerator , " Arpaio said of Barkley , who will be sleeping in one of the tents . "  We do n't discriminate . " He said Barkley has been "  a gentleman , cordial . " "  He 's taking his medicine , " Arpaio said . "  I hope that something comes out of this . " In a free-wheeling news conference , Barkley spoke out against drunken driving , made some observations about President Obama  "  Rush Limbaugh and a lot of jackasses are giving him a hard time right now "  and commented on felony charges singer Chris Brown faces for allegedly beating his girlfriend , singer Rhianna . Watch Barkley speak at news conference " "  I wish both of them the best , but it 's never acceptable to hit a woman . Period , " Barkley said . Barkley wore a red-and-blue sweatsuit , not the black-and-white stripes that other inmates -- who watched the news conference through a chain-link fence -- were wearing . Barkley said it 's because he 's on the jail 's work-release program , and bristled at questions about it . "  None of the work-release people do that , " he said . "  But if y' all really , really want to put me as low as I can go , I can do that and make you feel better . "  I know when -LSB- someone is -RSB- famous , you like to see people humiliated . " Arpaio , who joked with Barkley over the pink underwear he routinely issues inmates , held up a copy of his 1996 book , "  America 's Toughest Sheriff . " On its back cover , alongside endorsements by Limbaugh , Arizona Sen. John McCain and others , is one from Barkley . "  This man , Sheriff Joe Arpaio , is a role model for all Americans , " Barkley wrote in the blurb . Barkley is a basketball commentator for TNT , which like CNN is a Time Warner company . A star for the Philadelphia 76ers and Phoenix Suns , Barkley was named the NBA 's Most Valuable Player in 1993 and inducted into its Hall of Fame in 2006 .	Charles Barkley begins serving 3-day jail sentence in Maricopa County , Arizona The jailer is the sheriff whose autobiography Barkley endorsed 12 years ago Barkley speaks out against drunken driving during topically diverse news conference "  He 's taking his medicine , " Sheriff Joe Arpaio says of his famous inmate
