Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The body of a missing sailor was recovered in the wreckage of a South Korean ship that went down in the Yellow Sea in March , Yonhap news agency reported Saturday . The ship sank mysteriously in an incident that heightened tensions between North and South Korea . South Korea is investigating what caused the ship to sink and has not ruled out a theory that North Korea was involved , but Seoul has avoided directly blaming North Korea , which denied allegations it was responsible . South Korea 's Yonhap reported Saturday that authorities have lifted the remaining half of the vessel , which could help aid the investigation . The 1,200-ton patrol ship Cheonan sank near the western sea border with North Korea on March 26 . Forty of Cheonan 's 104 crewmembers have now been confirmed dead , and six more are also believed dead , though they are still listed as missing . Fifty-eight crewmembers were rescued before the vessel sank .	Crews recover body of missing sailor from sunken South Korea ship Ship went down in Yellow Sea ; cause not yet known Death toll now stands at 40 ; six sailors listed as missing
Spielberg , Austria  CNN  -- Inside the Red Bull Ring -- home to the returning Austrian Grand Prix -- Mercedes toreadors Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton were effectively left to slog it out by their peers in Sunday 's race . Hamilton flew from ninth to fourth by the end of the first lap to once again put himself into a fight with his teammate and chief world title rival . The two Mercedes circled each other like silver sharks in the final 20 laps around the undulating circuit but each time Hamilton bit into Rosberg 's lead , the German responded . There was to be no final attack and Rosberg took a third win of the season to stretch his lead in the 2014 Formula One drivers ' championship to 29 points . "  It 's a nice gap , " said Rosberg , who remains determined to stem rising expectation that he will emulate his father Keke and be crowned world champion . "  It 's still so early in the season . I 'm more or less taking it step by step , and every weekend my aim is to extend the lead . "  It worked out well and I 'm extremely happy with the result . " Interactive : Results and standings Hamilton had hampered his chances of clawing back ground on his rival and long-term friend after making a mistake in qualifying Saturday . The 2008 champion 's fastest time was scratched because he infringed the rules by running wide at Turn Eight and he then spun on this second attempt to grab pole position . Hamilton made amends Sunday with a sensational start , which saw him jump five places on the opening lap . He then passed the Williams of Valtteri Bottas after the first round of pit stops to start the chase to Rosberg . "  It was a good start , " Hamilton said . "  It 's probably one of the best I 've ever had . "  It was  damage limitation to get from ninth to second behind Nico . In the last couple of laps I tried to eke it up a bit but I 'm just grateful I finished . " The English racer has retired twice this season while Rosberg has sailed to three race wins and five second places . A resurgent Williams team announced itself as Mercedes ' closest rivals after Felipe Massa had taken pole position ahead of teammate Bottas . But the former champions appeared to run a conservative race , content to settle with third place for Bottas -- the first podium of the Finn 's career -- rather than risk a solid result by taking the fight to Mercedes . Dictated by Williams ' tire strategy , Massa had to pit for fresh rubber three laps after Rosberg , effectively surrendering the lead . The Brazilian eventually finished fourth . Bottas said : "  Overall it was my best ever weekend so I 'm really happy . "  We need to analyze if there was anything we could have done better . It was difficult to know the real difference between optimum  supersoft tire  and prime  soft tire  so we really thought it would be difficult to undercut . " Austrian billionaire Dietrich Mateschitz is credited with returning the Austrian Grand Prix to the calendar after an 11-year absence . After revamping the picturesque A1 Ring circuit and renaming it the Red Bull Ring , the owner of the race team with the same name probably expected to see his four-time world champions run rings round the competition . It was ironic that the power-dependent circuit did not suit Red Bull 's car or the 2014 Renault engines that give his Bulls their muscle . Daniel Ricciardo -- a surprise winner in Canada last time out -- finished eighth while reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel had to suffer the ignominy of retiring with engine trouble at the halfway point . "  It was frustrating today , " said Ricciardo . "  We tried to push and catch the others but we just did n't have that much pace . " Fernando Alonso and his Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen , who finished 10th , were the only cars inside the top-10 which are not powered by the Mercedes hybrid engines . Alonso finished a hard-worked fifth ahead of Sergio Perez 's Force India , McLaren 's Kevin Magnussen , Ricciardo and the second Force India of Nico Hulkenberg . The Red Bull F1 brand may have its own race team and a beautiful circuit but there is growing speculation a Red Bull engine could be a future project for the team 's technical guru Adrian Newey . "  We want to make sure we 're competitive for the long term , " team principal Christian Horner said after Sunday 's race . "  Designing and manufacturing our own engine currently is n't part of that plan . "  It 's highly improbable . First of all we need to see what the plans for Renault are . "  We 've obviously had a lot of success with Renault but the situation is n't improving and the reliability and performance is unacceptable . "  It ca n't continue like this -- it 's not good for Renault and it 's not good for Red Bull . " As F1 returned to Austria , the hills were alive with the sound of Mercedes music .	Nico Rosberg extends world championship lead with victory in Austria Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton finishes second as both nurse cars home Williams team claims third and fourth with Valtteri Bottas and polesitter Felipe Massa Red Bull struggles on rebuilt home circuit , hosting F1 race for first time since 2003
CNN  -- He 's no longer the No. 1 golfer in the world , but there 's no question that the sport of golf still revolves around Tiger Woods . And Woods remains a key player in the video game world , as well . This year marks the 15th anniversary of Electronic Arts ' bestselling Tiger Woods PGA TOUR franchise . The new PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 games ship March 27 , just before The Masters . Of late , Woods has shown a sense of humor when it comes to promoting Tiger Woods PGA TOUR 13 , the first game to incorporate Kinect voice commands and controller-free gameplay into the franchise . In this exclusive interview , Woods talks about his love of video games , how his new game compares to playing the Masters and teaming up with future NBA Hall of Famer Shaquille O'Neal in the kung fu viral video , "  Duel of the Masters . " What video games did you play growing up ? The first video game I played was Pong . It was fun because I grew up on Atari 2600 , and that was the game console at the time and it became the 5200 and then I think Nintendo came out with theirs and kind of moved on from there . What are your thoughts on how far games have come since then ? Oh , my god . The real awesome game at the time was Pac-Man , Donkey Kong , and Space Invaders , or games of that nature . And to see the realism that they have now and the facial recognition is just amazing , the body language and the movements . They 're so lifelike . How have you seen games advance just during the course of time that you 've worked on these Tiger Woods video games ? This is my 15th year doing it and to see from the early days before mo-cap  motion-capture  , where it was just a swing that they put on , to the mo-cap , to now in the game where there 's actual facial movements that we have to do . The swing is identical to ours , and now with the whole Kinect , now we 're actually moving our bodies . Now the body is the remote  controller  . It 's not just our thumbs . I think that 's amazing to see how far gaming has come in such a short span of time . As someone who 's played games your whole life , what have you learned about game development from working on these games ? Well , it 's just the man hours . I 'm certainly no computer programmer , that 's for darn sure , but I understand how complicated it really is . When you 're a gamer as a kid , you just play it . You never really understand why . You do n't care why . But now being a part of the game and representing EA , it 's incredible to see the man hours that it takes and the detail that we have to put into it to make the game better each and every year . How involved are you when it comes to the development of these games each year ? Quite a bit , because I try and make suggestions on how we can make the game better , how can we make the game more realistic , how can we make it so that it 's what we see , what we play on real golf courses . How they 're going to lay out the golf courses within 6 millimeters of Augusta National is quite phenomenal because I have all the greens charted in my books that I use each and every year . And to hit putts at Augusta and then go on to the game and hit the same putt , and I know it breaks three inches , and it breaks three inches in the game is just phenomenal . They 're able to create that type of realism . Tiger Woods PGA TOUR 13 introduces voice commands . What 's it like for you to actually talk to the Kinect in this game ? It 's pretty trippy . It really is . You can change clubs and ask for caddy advice ... all these different things that are now a part of it . It 's just amazing as to how fast this has all come about in the last few years . What was it like working with Shaq on that new kung fu viral video ? Man , he 's a big dude . I 've seen him around because I used to live in Orlando and he 's actually a member of the same club that I used to live at and see him around , but I have n't seen him in a little bit and you just forget how big he is . He 's a phenomenal athlete , as we all know . He 's probably one of the greatest centers that ever played the game and to have him do the moves that he did for the game at that size is quite remarkable to see . He 's so athletic , and what people do n't realize about that spot is that he broke a TV on set . He was just messing around , doing all his moves and happened to do a side kick and kicked a monitor , which was an expensive mistake . Did you guys have time during the shoot to play any video games ? No , we were basically messing with each other . We were giving each other a quite a bit of grief the entire time and it was fun to catch up . What 's your favorite gadget that you ca n't live without ? I 've got to say iPhone or iPad . It 's just amazing that you can have something that small to be able to do so many different functions and have it user-friendly and that my 3-year-old can pick up my iPhone or iPad and type in my code and go to what game he wants to play and what app he wants to use . It 's pretty amazing . How big into technology are you ? I would n't say I 'm completely into it , but I certainly enjoy the laziness of new technology and always have . And with Tiger Woods games expanding to Facebook and to mobile devices do you play those versions ? Yeah . Yeah . We run all that . I absolutely run through all those things . When you 're not playing Tiger Woods Golf , what video game do you like to play ? I usually play first-person shooter games , which is something I enjoy . Is there a particular one that you 've played lately that you enjoyed ? I enjoyed Medal of Honor quite a bit . Did you check out Medal of Honor : Warfighter yet ? Yeah , I saw that  trailer  . I 'm excited . Are you kidding me ? Do you ever go online and play against people in Medal of Honor ? Playing online , they cheat . It 's no fun . They 're professionals , or they just cheat . That 's how I look at it . That 's my way of making myself feel better . Speaking of professionals , what are your thoughts about the fact that there are actual professional video game players out there today ? You know , there really are . I met a guy a number of years ago who played my game for a living and he made 150 grand for a year playing my game . That 's interesting because most of the pro gamers play games like Halo , Call of Duty and StarCraft II . Well , we brought in one of these guys from Australia . He had a whole book on certain wins . You have to hit the ball this hard and aim here and it 's going to do this on the green , and he had this down to an absolute science . He had this huge notebook , and we brought him in as -- I guess -- a preventative hacker , you can say that . It was phenomenal . Have you checked out the new PS Vita ? Yes , but I 've never played or used it . So I 'm excited about some time doing that . What are the challenges each year of adding new content to the Tiger Woods game franchise ? That 's the challenge . It 's trying to give all the gamers out there something new , something challenging , but also keep it fun at the same time . -LSB- We -RSB- try and make it as real as we possibly can without losing the fun value in it .	This year marks the 15th Anniversary of EA 's "  Tiger Woods PGA TOUR " franchise Tiger Woods says the first video game he played was "  Pong " When he 's not playing Tiger Woods Golf , he 's usually playing first-person shooter games
CNN  -- Even though urinary incontinence affects about 25 million Americans and there are many treatment options to improve symptoms , talking about the often unexpected and always urgent need "  to go " is still taboo , even with your doctor . In my own practice , I see patients who have been living in a constant state of anxiety about their urinary incontinence , mapping out restroom locations for every trip outside their home . It is not uncommon for my patients to avoid wearing light-colored clothing or to carry an extra set of clothes in their car . Many times , patients do n't realize that the issue could have been treated in its earliest stage , before it controls their life . There are five common misconceptions that keep patients from speaking with their doctors about their loss of bladder control . It 's time we dispel these myths . Myth : I 'm the only person with incontinence . The 24.999999 million other Americans with incontinence would disagree with you . Most individuals with incontinence fall into one of two categories : â $ cents Stress urinary incontinence : leakage of urine when you laugh , cough , exercise , etc. . It usually results from weakened pelvic floor muscles . â $ cents Urgency urinary incontinence/overactive bladder : loss of urine associated with a sudden and uncontrollable urge to urinate . It can be "  idiopathic , " meaning there 's no underlying cause , or it could result from a neurologic disorder . Talk to your doctor about your symptoms . Occasionally , loss of bladder control is the first noticeable symptom of a larger problem like multiple sclerosis or pelvic organ prolapse . Myth : It 's irreversible . The goal of speaking with your doctor is to regain the bladder control you once had and restore your quality of life . In many cases , this is a reasonable objective . When preparing for this appointment , be sure to describe in detail any other conditions you have as well as all of the medications you take . This can affect the treatment plan your doctor develops for you . You may even want to keep a log or a diary as to when , how much and under what conditions you leak . This will help your physician get a good snapshot of your daily life . Myth : It 's a ` normal ' part of aging . Although loss of bladder control is commonly associated with aging , it is not an inevitable part of the aging process . Although it is more common in women older than 40 , incontinence can happen to anyone -- men or women , young or old . Too often , I have had patients who thought that treatment was n't an option because of their age . This is not the case . If you happen to lose urine every time you sneeze , or if you suddenly have an uncontrollable urge "  to go " when you turn the faucet on to wash the dishes , consider talking to your doctor about your symptoms . This is not "  normal , " regardless of your age , and a doctor can help you manage this condition before it gets worse . Myth : Medications are your only option . This is not the case at all . In fact , treatment options can range from the most basic lifestyle and behavioral changes , medications , interventional therapies such as Onabotulinumtoxin A , medical devices like neuromodulation or surgery . No two patients are the same ; some may need instructions on behavioral changes to improve their control while others may need a combination of therapies . Myth : It 's annoying but not serious . Incontinence is an inconvenience . However , the seriousness of this condition is measured by the level of undue stress it causes a patient -- and the negative impact it has on your quality of life and those in close contact with you . Talk to your doctor in the early stages , before you become a prisoner to your bladder .	Urinary incontinence , the uncontrollable urge to "  go , " is still taboo for many people Incontinence affects about 25 million Americans Treating incontinence early can help , doctor says
CNN  -- Onyx was 9 months old , black and white , part dachshund and part chihuahua . She was a family dog , one that Mandy Malone kept in part to play with her grandchildren . Until Onyx ended up in Malone 's freezer . How did she get there ? According to a criminal complaint filed in a Torrance County , New Mexico , court , the dog was stabbed in the heart and skinned . Parts of the animal were then buried in the backyard , while others were stashed inside a bag in a freezer . "  He had her marinating in Italian dressing in the fridge , " Malone told CNN affiliate KOAT . " ... What could possibly go through someone 's mind to do something that sick ? " Authorities characterized the man they say killed the dog as Malone 's boyfriend . Salvador Martinez was released Wednesday on bond tied to the felony charge of extreme cruelty to animals , Torrance County Sheriff Heath White said . The sheriff predicted he would n't be free for long . "  He was already on probation for trafficking drugs and ... violated his probation , so he 's likely going to be picked back up ... and sent back to a federal facility , " White said Wednesday . Martinez 's latest legal trouble began Friday , July 18 , when sheriff 's deputies responded to a call at an Edgewood , New Mexico , residence . They found a gray plastic bag "  containing some bones and meat  that  appeared to be a carcass of an animal , " the complaint said . Authorities said Martinez admitted he had killed the dog , saying there was no food around and his girlfriend "  told him to go ahead " and do it . After killing the animal , skinning it and burying parts of it in the yard , "  he said that he ... found  a  recipe for dogs online " and found states where eating dogs is allowed , the complaint says . New Mexico is one such place ; in fact , there are no laws against eating cats or dogs in most states . In some cultures , it 's more widely accepted . "  But it 's the manner that it was done , and the emotional stress it put on the rest of the family , that led us to arrest him and charge him with animal cruelty , " White said . Martinez could not be reached for comment and it was unclear late Wednesday if he had an attorney . The girlfriend told the deputies that Martinez admitted killing the dog around noon of that day , explaining "  it was all right to do this in New Mexico to feed your family . " She disputed the assertion that they did n't have food in the house . Malone told KOAT that Martinez had previously told her , "  just out of the blue , ` I 'm going to barbeque one of your dogs . ' " But she did n't believe it -- then or now . "  Nobody knows what to think , " Malone said .	New Mexico authorities find parts of a dead chihuahua , dachshund mix in a freezer They say a man admitted killing the animal for use as food Eating dog is legal in New Mexico and many other states Sheriff : Charges filed due to how it was done , stress on family
CNN Student News  -- August 13 , 2014 In the fight against the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history , there may be some new tools on the horizon . The World Health Organization now says it 's ethical to use experimental drugs to combat the virus . Today , we 'll explain why this is significant , we 'll cover the death of a renowned actor and comedian , and we 'll look at the increasing presence of cameras in a major U.S. city . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News
CNN  -- "  Birdman " flew high at the nominations for the 72nd Golden Globes . The film , starring Michael Keaton as a former superhero-playing actor trying to recharge his career with a Broadway play , was nominated for seven Golden Globes on Thursday morning , leading all films . "  Birdman " was nominated for best comedy or musical , best actor in a comedy or musical  Keaton  , best supporting actor  Edward Norton  , best supporting actress  Emma Stone  , best director  Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu  , screenplay and score . Two films earned five Globe nominations : "  Boyhood " and "  The Imitation Game . " Full list of nominations The best drama nominees are "  Boyhood , " "  Foxcatcher , " "  The Imitation Game , " "  Selma " and "  The Theory of Everything . " The best comedy or musical nominees are "  Birdman , " "  Into the Woods , " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel , " "  St. Vincent " and "  Pride . " The Globes , put on by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , are one of the many tea leaves awards-season watchers examine in order to determine which way the wind is blowing for the big prize , the Oscars . It also makes for a dandy TV show , as the alcohol flows freely and the winners are usually fairly loose  and sometimes loose-lipped  . Tina Fey and Amy Poehler , who have been highly praised for their sharp hosting of the show in recent years , will return again for the 2015 edition . Aniston looking strong Some films were boosted by the Globes ' division of films into dramas and comedy/musicals . "  The Grand Budapest Hotel , " director Wes Anderson 's movie about a high-class European lodge between the world wars , was nominated for four Globes , including nods for best comedy or musical , director , star Ralph Fiennes and screenplay . "  St. Vincent , " starring Bill Murray as a curmudgeonly old man who takes charge of a 12-year-old boy , earned two nominations , for best comedy or musical and Murray 's performance . And there were surprises . Jennifer Aniston is now looking like an Oscar contender , thanks to a nomination for best actress in a drama for "  Cake . " She was also nominated for a SAG Award on Wednesday . Julianne Moore picked up two nominations : one for her performance in the drama "  Still Alice " and the other for best supporting actress in "  Maps to the Stars . " The latter , the new David Cronenberg movie , also earned Moore an honor at the Cannes Film Festival this year . "  Selma " received nominations for best drama , actor  David Oyelowo  , director  Ana DuVernay  and song  "  Glory "  . "  Glory 's " songwriters , Common and John Legend , were pleased with the attention . "  We 're Golden Globe nominated ! @Common and I wrote ` Glory ' for @AVAETC 's beautiful @SelmaMovie . Now we 're nominated for Best Original Song ! " Legend exulted on Twitter . Other films fell short . "  Interstellar , " Christopher Nolan 's polarizing film about a trip to the far reaches of the universe , received just one nomination , for Hans Zimmer 's score . "  Inherent Vice , " the new film by much-lauded director Paul Thomas Anderson , also got just one nomination , for Joaquin Phoenix 's lead performance . And "  American Sniper , " a Clint Eastwood film starring Bradley Cooper , came up with nothing , as did Angelina Jolie 's "  Unbroken . " Several directors also found themselves squeezed off the list , including "  Foxcatcher 's " Bennett Miller , "  The Imitation Game 's " Morten Tyldum and "  The Theory of Everything 's " James Marsh . ` Fargo ' tops TV shows The Globes also go out to television shows . "  Fargo " led all nominees with five nominations , followed by "  True Detective " with four . "  Jane the Virgin " received two . "  Wow ! Normally when your phone starts ringing that early in the morning , something bad happened . Honored , " tweeted "  Fargo 's " Colin Hanks . With "  Breaking Bad " now off the air , the drama race seemed open to some new candidates -- but only "  The Affair , " the Showtime series about a troubled extramarital relationship , squeaked in . The other nominees -- "  Game of Thrones , " "  Downton Abbey , " "  The Good Wife " and "  House of Cards " -- are familiar , though "  Game of Thrones " had n't made the cut since 2012 . That was "  Thrones ' " only nomination , however . The comedy series nominations went to "  Girls , " "  Orange Is the New Black , " "  Jane the Virgin , " "  Silicon Valley " and "  Transparent . " The latter marks Amazon 's first Golden Globe nomination . Perhaps more surprising were the shows that came up empty . "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine , " last year 's best comedy series winner , did n't get a single nomination . Neither did "  Modern Family " or "  The Big Bang Theory . " "  Scandal " was also left out entirely ; not even its star , Kerry Washington , who received a nomination last year , nabbed a nomination . However , producer Shonda Rhimes ' new show , "  How to Get Away With Murder , " earned a nomination for star Viola Davis . Not that "  Scandal " star Joshua Malina minded . He puckishly thanked the Foreign Press Association for a nomination he did n't receive . "  Thrilled to have been nominated for my first Golden Globe ! Thanks , foreigners ! #Scandal #Humbled #WhyArePeopleHumbledByAwards , " he tweeted . The 72nd Golden Globes will air January 11 on NBC .	"  Birdman " picks up seven Golden Globe nominations "  Boyhood , " "  Imitation Game " earn five Jennifer Aniston receives a nod The Globes will be hosted by Tina Fey , Amy Poehler
CNN  -- The first week his debut album , "  Up All Night , " came out , Kip Moore found himself nestled in the Billboard 200 's Top 10 between the likes of Jack White , Adele , Lionel Richie , Nicki Minaj and Jason Mraz . The late April release landed at No. 6 , an impressive showing for a guy who 's released two singles so far . But one of those singles -- a joyous country-rock tune called "  Somethin' ` Bout a Truck , " an ode to rule breakin ' with a girl on the tailgate of a truck bed -- has done remarkably well since its release in September . It 's been certified gold and has sold more than 700,000 digital singles , with the video viewed nearly 7 million times on YouTube . For Moore fans , the appetite for more music has been growing steadily for about seven months . And it could n't come at a better time for the Georgia native , who 's been primarily making his living in Nashville over the last four years as a songwriter with a publishing deal as well as a touring musician , playing bars and small clubs across the country . "  I 've been writing about two songs a day for about seven or eight years , " the 32-year-old singer told CNN from a tour stop in New Hampshire last month . "  When I moved to  Nashville , it was a move because that 's what I really wanted to do . I think it 's natural when you get to a town like that , you question , ` Are you good enough ? ' every single day . "  I was below the bar I needed to be when I first got there . I questioned going home all the time my first few years . You see your friends around you building a foundation with their jobs , retirement , family -- not that those things are what I want now , but you could look up , and you 're 40 years old -- all of a sudden you have nothing to show for it . " Before moving to Nashville in the early 2000s with songwriting aspirations , Moore credits the time he spent in Hawaii after college for helping him get his songwriting skills up to snuff . He 'd grown up on artists such as Bob Seger , Jackson Browne and Willie Nelson . As a kid , he fondly recalls his father playing their music often in the car on the way to go fishing on the Gulf Coast , but he did n't really know what he wanted to do with his life until he hit the big island . "  I lived in a little hut with a backpack and went to the beach every day , " Moore recalled . "  I wrote a lot of songs out there . ` Everything But You ' is strictly from that experience . I did n't know what I wanted to do with my life . I 've always been a little bit like that . I worked a bunch of odd jobs , but I realized out there that with my personality , unless I was doing music , there was no way I was going to be happy . " It 's been noted that Moore has that blue-collar Bruce Springsteen thing going on , and you can certainly hear that scruff in his voice at times , along with a healthy dose of rock 'n' roll fused within all of his songs . But on "  Up All Night , " Moore does n't sing about the plight of the working class ; instead , he 's much more apt to detail life after the whistle blows and the paycheck 's been cashed . The joys of ice cold beer , sunshine , a favorite girl in a favorite sundress -- he spins all of these notions into simple stories that sound blissful , with a little bit of a devilish streak to them . "  Sometimes a songwriter can get in the way of things , " he said . "  I try to just speak it like how I felt people would say it . How I would say it . I feel like people are relating to how I say it , and people are moved by some of those songs . " Moore 's slated to spend most of the summer on the road , playing a mixture of club dates and state fairs , and he 's finally ready to admit that he might just make it as a musician . "  Recently , we 've been selling out these clubs and see how rabid these people are for the music , " he said . "  They knew all these tracks before they 'd been released . I 've felt this wave in the past two weeks , where I 've thought things might be all right . "	Kip Moore 's debut album , "  Up All Night , " landed in Billboard 200 's Top 10 "  Somethin' ` Bout a Truck " has been certified gold and has sold more than 700,000 digital singles "  I try to just speak it like how I felt people would say it , " Moore says
St. Louis Rams players who showed support for Michael Brown 's family should be praised , an organization representing black police officers in St. Louis says . "  We think that their actions were commendable and that they should not be ridiculed , disciplined or punished for taking a stand on this very important issue which is of great concern around the world and especially in the community where these players work , " the Ethical Society of Police of St. Louis said in a statement this week . The group has about 220 members from the city 's police force in its ranks , the society 's general counsel , Gloria McCollum , told CNN Wednesday . It describes itself as "  the primary voice of African-American police officers in St. Louis city . " Earlier this week the St. Louis Police Officers Association said it was "  tasteless , offensive and inflammatory " when five Rams players who walked onto the field Sunday displaying the "  hands up , do n't shoot " gesture adopted by protesters . The association 's business manager , Jeff Roorda , demanded that the players be punished and that the team issue a "  very public apology . " "  I 'd remind the NFL and their players that it is not the violent thugs burning down buildings that buy their advertiser 's products , " Roorda 's statement said . "  It 's cops and the good people of St. Louis and other NFL towns that do . Somebody needs to throw a flag on this play . If it 's not the NFL and the Rams , then it 'll be cops and their supporters . " But that does n't represent the views of most black officers in the city , the Ethical Society of Police said . The St. Louis Police Officers Association has no black officers on its governing board and "  a minimal amount of African-American members , " the Ethical Society of Police said . The St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department has nearly 2,000 employees , according to its website . About 30 % of the department 's commissioned officers are African-American , the society says . The Ethical Society of Police 's statement said it "  completely supports the actions of the St. Louis Rams football players in which they showed support for the family of Michael Brown by entering the stadium with their hands up . " A representative from the St. Louis Police Officers Association did not immediately respond to a request for comment . The Rams declined to discipline the players or issue an apology , but the team sent a representative to speak with police . On Monday , St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar claimed he had received an apology . The team denied it ever said sorry . The players said they were n't trying to stir up trouble so much as show their support for the suburb just north of the city where they play . That does n't sit well with the St. Louis Police Officers Association , which still wants its apology . Cedric Alexander , president of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives , said his organization is n't taking a side on the matter . "  The bigger issue is healing as a community and nation and moving forward , " he said . Alexander , who 's also police chief in DeKalb County , Georgia , said he hopes the Rams and the St. Louis police associations "  can all get together to promote a sense of community that will be a role model for what we need to do together going forward in St. Louis , across the country and around the world . " Complete coverage on Ferguson	An association representing black St. Louis police officers praises Rams players Group says players ' "  actions were commendable " and they should n't be punished The group responds to criticism of the five Rams from another police organization The criticism does n't represent views of most black officers , the Ethical Society of Police says
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- A female foreign tourist was kidnapped , raped and robbed on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro , police said , highlighting security concerns in the Brazilian city that will host matches in the 2014 World Cup and will put on the Summer Olympics two years later . A male foreign tourist on the minibus was also held captive and robbed , according to Rio police . Police said they would not release the identities or nationalities of the victims , but the U.S. Embassy said Monday that one of the two is an American citizen , and a U.S. State Department official on Monday said the woman raped was a U.S. citizen . The U.S. Consulate is in contact with the victim and is providing all appropriate consular assistance , said the State Department official , who did not want to be identified because he was not authorized to talk about the case . In general , consular assistance includes ensuring access to medical care , working closely with law enforcement authorities , assisting in understanding the local criminal justice process , and following any criminal proceedings very closely , the official said . The consulate also communicates with family members in the United States , and helps provide U.S.-based resources for the victim when possible , the official said . The two boarded the minibus in the Copacabana beach district in Rio de Janeiro early Saturday . Three men subsequently boarded the minibus and forced all the other passengers off , police said . The woman was raped , and the two passengers ' credit cards were used at multiple locations inside and outside of Rio de Janeiro over a span of hours , the police said in a statement . According to Brazilian newspapers , the man was handcuffed and beaten , while the woman was repeatedly raped . The two were dumped in Itaborai , a city more than 30 miles  about 50 kilometers  away , after six hours , O Globo newspaper said . According to Rio police , two men have been arrested -- Jonathan Foudakis de Souza , 20 , and Wallace Aparecido Souza Silva , 22 . They are searching for a third man in relation to the crime . They said a Brazilian woman who was raped a week earlier has also identified the suspects . Rio de Janeiro has launched a citywide offensive against crime , particularly drug-fueled violence in the shantytowns . Police , backed by army troops , have stormed the slums , hoping to seize control from gangs and help secure the city before many high-profile events begin this year . Pope Francis ' first big international trip will be to Rio in July when he is expected to lead millions of young people in celebration of World Youth Day . Rio de Janeiro also will stage many of the key matches when Brazil hosts the World Cup next year , and it will be the host city for the Olympic Games in 2016 . Rio has gone a long way toward cleaning up its image as one of Latin America 's most violent cities . But Brazilian media already are drawing parallels between this attack and the infamous gang rape of a young woman on a bus in India .	NEW : U.S. State Dept official says rape victim was female U.S. citizen A foreign tourist is kidnapped , raped and robbed on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro , police say A male passenger on the minibus also is held captive and robbed , police say The incident highlights security concerns in Rio before upcoming high-profile events
There have been Christians in the Middle East since the time of , well , Christ . Now that two millennium-long history could be in danger . Islamist thugs have attacked dozens of churches across Egypt in the past few days , burning many of them down . The attacks seemed to be protests against the brutal military government crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood that killed many hundreds of Egyptian Islamists over the past week . Pope Tawadros II , the leader of Egypt 's Christian Copts , met publicly with top military officers as they announced the coup that removed President Mohamed Morsy and his Muslim Brotherhood government from power in early July . Christians , who make up 10 % of the population , and other minorities had complained that a new constitution that had been passed by the Morsy government infringed on their rights . For some Islamist militants , now it 's payback time . According to one report , 52 churches across Egypt were attacked in 24 hours last week . The Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights has counted at least 30 churches attacked , along with other Christian facilities . After Morsy was removed from power , a mob armed with axes hacked a Christian businessman to death near Luxor in southern Egypt and then continued their rampage in the village of Nagaa Hassan , burning dozens of Christian homes and killing three other Christians . Today there are more than 10 million Christians in the Middle East and they make up an estimated 5 % of the Middle East 's population . A century ago they made up an estimated 20 % . Much of this fall can be attributed to factors such as emigration and the high birth rates of many Arab Muslims , but some of it is also attributable to the increasing marginalization and targeting of Christians ; a worrying trend being seen not just in Egypt but also in other Arab countries . Take Syria . Many Syrian Christians have tacitly supported the regime of President Bashar al-Assad , which draws much of its strength from the small Shia Alawite sect and therefore has historically favored and protected Syria 's other religious minorities . As a result , the jihadists who have come to dominate a significant portion of the Syrian rebel movement have supplemented their war against the government with attacks that target Christians . On June 27 , a suicide bombing in a Christian area of Damascus killed at least four people . Al Qaeda-affiliated rebels are suspected of killing an Italian priest who had spent most of his life rehabilitating a monastery north of the Syrian capital of Damascus and who disappeared last month . The Rev. Paolo Dall ` Oglio had reportedly been trying to secure the release of several hostages in the custody of an al Qaeda-aligned group . Meanwhile , in March in Benghazi , Libya , where a militant attack on a U.S. government complex left four Americans dead in September 2012 , around 60 Christians were rounded up by extremists and handed over to the government on suspicion of immigrating from Egypt illegally . The militants tortured several of their captives , killing one of them . That bout of vigilantism followed the arrest in February of four Christians accused of proselytizing to Muslim Libyans . The consequence of such attacks and harassment has been an exodus of Christians from the region . Residents of northeastern Syria , where Christians have historically been concentrated , estimate that one-third of the Christians there have fled the country during the past two years . Similarly in Iraq , since the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003 , the Christian Iraqi population may have dropped by as much as 50 % , according to a CIA assessment . And despite making up only about 3 % of the Iraqi population , Christians accounted for half the Iraqis who fled the country in 2010 , about 200,000 people . Egypt 's religious tensions have a longer history than the recent clashes between Muslim Brotherhood supporters and Christians . Although then-President Hosni Mubarak kept a tight lid on the country 's Islamist extremists , clashes between Muslims and Christians erupted sporadically throughout the '90s . But since Mubarak 's fall , extremist violence against Christians has picked up in Egypt . In early October 2011 , Egypt saw its worst instance of sectarian violence in 60 years , when two-dozen Christians died in clashes with the military . As a result of these kinds of attacks , by one estimate , around 100,000 Christians left Egypt in 2011 . This kind of homogenization has happened before in the Middle East , which boasted a sizable Jewish population in the '50s . But with the creation of the state of Israel and the rise of Arab nationalism and then Islamism , the region has become more hostile to non-Muslims . Around World War II there were 100,000 Jews in Egypt , a community that had existed in Egypt since the time of the pharaohs . Now , there are a handful of synagogues operating in Cairo . They are heavily guarded and generally empty as they cater only to the few dozen elderly Jews who are still left in Egypt . One can only hope that this is not to be the fate of the Christians of the Middle East .	Christians have been targeted in Egypt , Syria and Libya Bergen : Egypt 's Christians largely supported the coup that overturned Morsy regime In turn , Christians have been attacked by Islamists over the past week , he says Bergen : The region has become increasingly hostile to non-Muslims
Kettleman City , California  CNN  -- Spring in California 's San Joaquin Valley is seemingly idyllic , with rolling hills and miles of fruit orchards . But what 's happening in the small town of Kettleman City has people scared . In the past three years , 10 babies in Kettleman City , California , have been born with birth defects , including cleft palates and heart problems . Four cases were reported in 2008 and there was another possible case that same year . According to the California Department of Public Health and California Birth Defects Monitoring Program , those four cases in Kettleman City are higher than expected . Nationally , the Birth Defects Monitoring Program lists one out of every 33 babies as born with a birth defect . Three infants have died , including Maria Saucedo 's daughter , Ashley . "  It 's such a small town and such a large problem . We want to give our children life , not death , " said Saucedo . "  When Ashley was born , the doctors told me that there was something wrong with her . They told me that Ashley would n't live more than one or two months . " Despite a weak immune system , Ashley managed to live for almost 10 months . She died of a blood infection on January 24 , 2009 . Through tears , Saucedo said , "  I apologized for not taking her earlier to the hospital , but the doctors told me that it was n't my fault , that with babies like this , this is what happens . " But Saucedo wants to know why it happened to her and the other mothers living here . Kettleman City is one of the poorest towns in the state . Maricela Mares Alatorre , who works as a teacher , grew up there . "  It 's a really small town , " said Alatorre . "  Most people have been here for generations . I like to call it the Mayberry feeing with a Latino twist . " But unlike Mayberry , the 1,500 people of this farming community have no grocery store , no high school and few sidewalks . The town , which is surrounded by farms , is polluted . It is plagued with poor air quality , unsafe drinking water and exposure to pesticides . Kettleman City 's water does not meet EPA standards , because of high levels of naturally occurring arsenic . . The state and EPA have found poor air quality throughout the San Joaquin Valley . Kettleman City is surrounded by agriculture and is exposed to heavy use of pesticides . Because of its location right off Highway 41 , there also is a lot of emissions pollution . The major concern for many people in Kettleman City , however , lies just four miles outside town . It is the largest toxic waste site west of the Mississippi . The site is operated by the waste disposal firm Waste Management , which said that last year 400,000 tons of hazardous waste -- including lead and cancer-linked PCBs found in plastics -- was dumped there . Every day , hundreds of trucks pour in and out . Some residents believe the birth defects could be linked to the waste site . Waste Management has said its Kettleman Hills facility operates safely and fully protects human health and the environment . The site has been inspected by four separate local , state and federal entities since 2007 . All concluded the facility operates safely and does not affect local residents . Waste Management has agreed to cooperate with investigations into the community 's concerns . Tension between Waste Management and the community goes back decades . Residents led by the Rev. Jesse Jackson waged a battle against Waste Management in 1991 to stop a toxic waste incinerator from being built . They won . Now the residents of Kettleman City are fighting again , this time over a proposed waste site expansion , for which their local officials voted . For Alatorre , environmental activism is in her genes . "  I 'm a second-generation activist , " she said . Alatorre has been fighting against the waste site expansion and fighting for a state health investigation into the birth defects for nearly two years . She and others are upset that the county voted to expand the waste site before a full investigation was completed . "  We do n't want an expansion because we feel like there are a lot of health problems in town and we 're not necessarily attributing it to the dump , but we feel like with all of the other environmental factors we face , why add more to it ? " In December , the Kings County board asked the state for a health investigation into the birth defects , but one week later they voted in favor of granting a permit to allow the waste site to expand . Ingrid Brostrom , an attorney with the Center on Race , Poverty and the Environment , said , "  If there is any potential that these birth defects are caused by environmental contaminants , then we should n't be introducing any new contaminants . There should not be an expansion of the existing hazardous waste dump . It is essential the county knows what is causing these birth defects before the hazardous waste site can be expanded . " Activists and residents have filed a lawsuit against Kings County in an effort to stop the waste site expansion . In a press release , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's office said he has "  directed his State Department of Public Health and Environmental Protection Agency to expand their investigation into what could be causing an abnormal percentage of birth defects in the small farming town . " For Saucedo and the other mothers of Kettleman City , an investigation ca n't come soon enough . "  I want a response and I want it quickly . Nobody 's given us any answers and children continue to be born sick , " said Saucedo .	In 3 years , 10 babies in Kettleman City , California , have been born with birth defects Residents blame a variety of pollution , including a toxic waste dump Government reports say the dump is not a hazard The latest on plans to expand the waste site on tonight 's "  Campbell Brown " 8 p.m. ET
CNN  -- All Katherine McMillan wanted in a shoe was style and comfort without the frilly bows or flowers . She 's a working mother who tends to buy men 's shirts in small sizes and prefers the kinds of casual shoes made for men -- desert boots , moccasins , chukkas . She 'll take a pair of shoes or a jacket in olive green or navy blue over lavender or aqua any day . "  I think a lot of my friends would agree that we do n't want to look like an Easter egg when we go out , " said McMillan , who lives in Minneapolis , Minnesota . "  I 'm all for feeling like a girly-girl but there are ways to do it without being a French poodle . " Do n't get her wrong , she likes high heels and dresses , but not in pink . So when she could n't find a pair of shoes she liked , she decided to make her own . Hers are desert boots , moccasins and chukkas made of leather and suede with a kelly green lining to distinguish them from what the guys wear . She launched her made-to-order collection in fall 2011 under the name Mrs. P. Hicks , a nod to Pierrepont Hicks , the successful menswear accessories brand she and her husband , Mark McMillan , created in 2009 . He runs the business while she is the creative force behind Pierrepont Hicks ' collection of neckties , pocket squares and bow ties , which has earned a devoted cult following among menswear bloggers and the people who read them . For Mrs. P. Hicks , McMillan is designing for women who blur the line between masculine and feminine , who gravitate toward styles traditionally associated with men : flat shoes with wide lasts , unembellished blouses and button-up shirts , unstructured sweaters and blazers , jeans and pants lacking unnecessary studs , embroidery or whiskering . "  It 's tomboy style , but that does n't mean it 's not feminine or sexy , " McMillan said . "  I think you feel sexy and stylish when you 're wearing something you 're comfortable in . " These looks have always been around , cycling in and out with the seasons , but the latest signs show they 're more than just a momentary fad . Women are looking for shoes , shirts , even neckties that fit them better than their boyfriend 's clothes . Also , brands are popping up to meet those demands , from the artisanal approach of Mrs. P. Hicks to mass-market retailers like Madewell and J. Crew , which have been widely credited with giving "  tomboy " fashion broad appeal . It 's easy to forget the time before J. Crew or "  boyfriend shirts , " times when "  nice girls " did n't leave home in pants . Katharine Hepburn and Diane Keaton were trailblazers , female fashion icons whose neckties and pants drew stares . Modern style mavens Alexa Chung and Jenna Lyons show "  tomboy chic " is more than a passing fashion , said Lizzie Garrett Mettler , creator of the popular "  Tomboy Style " blog . Just as modern American women have won the right to vote and compete for the same jobs as men , it 's nothing special for them to dress up in jeans or don a blazer . A tomboy is more than a girl in boy 's clothing , Mettler says in her blog ; it 's someone with an "  inherent sense of confidence , rebelliousness and adventure . " It 's part style , part substance . As brands continue to adapt traditionally masculine styles for the female form , "  the new statement on tomboy style is that it 's here to stay , " said Mettler , author of the 2012 book "  Tomboy Style : Beyond the Boundaries of Fashion . " Designer Sadie Beaudet was also drawn to menswear , but she did n't like the boxy fit on her body . She also did n't like how women 's fashion was pulled from the racks one season and tossed a few months later , while menswear often had a timeless quality that never fell out of season . With her fiance , she started Tradlands , a line of tailored women 's shirts that incorporate masculine features , she said . It 's a small collection of eight button-up shirts with a higher collar that does n't necessarily lend itself to an exposed collarbone ; the shirts have side gusset detail typically found in the workwear of the 1940s for reinforcement and brass snaps . All of their shirts are made in San Francisco , using denim and cotton sourced from the United States . "  We 're trying to walk that line with a dash of feminism in the fit but clearly masculine in the details , " she said . Even the necktie is getting a feminine overhaul . What makes a lady tie ? The fabric and the width , naturally , said Nashville designer Otis James . His hand-stitched ties have earned him nods from publications like GQ and Garden and Gun . When the 29-year-old designer realized that many of his customers were women buying for their significant others , he decided to start creating products they might want for themselves . "  I 'm hoping maybe they 'll bring in more single women , " James said , mostly joking , in an interview in his Marathon Village studio last month . "  I think there 's definitely a market for them . " Not everybody is comfortable with the word "  tomboy . " Some say the spirit of progressiveness has rendered the term archaic . When Carmela Spinelli hears the word "  tomboy , " a particular look comes to mind : Strong , independent , rebellious . But the chairwoman of the fashion and accessories design department at the Savannah College of Art and Design said the description might need an update . "  To use a term that includes the word ` boy ' to describe a state of independence and free-thinking for women seems kind of backward , " Spinelli said . "  The boundaries have changed . Women are strong and independent and have no sense of preciousness , so why would you use a term like tomboy to describe that ? " Perhaps it 's because of the style 's close ties to menswear . McMillan 's Pierrepont Hicks is better-known , but Mrs. P. Hicks is her passion project .  Plus , she gets to keep the samples , she said . From the start , McMillan and her husband decided to keep their products made in the United States . That was n't hard to do with neckties and pocket square , but it proved much more difficult for women 's shoes , because so few manufacturers were equipped to do what she had dreamed up . McMillan ultimately partnered with Maine-based mens ' shoe maker Rancourt and Co. , one of few shoemakers in the United States who specialize in classic men 's styles similar to the ones she wanted . For her moccasins , she found another family-owned business in rural Minnesota . With Mrs. P. Hicks approaching the two-year mark , McMillan said she has finally hit a groove and found a market . "  We even get orders from men now , " she said . "  They say they like the green interior . " Follow Emanuella Grinberg on Twitter	Katherine McMillan wanted stylish shoes without the frills , so started making her own She 's designing for women who blur the line between masculine and feminine Tomboy style is no longer a passing fad , "  Tomboy Style " blogger says Some say the term tomboy is outdated
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Opposition leaders and intellectuals met with Egypt 's vice president Saturday to discuss avenues for easing embattled President Hosni Mubarak from power , the number one demand of of tens of thousands of demonstrators . Among the proposals under discussion is Article 139 of the constitution , which allows for the vice president to assume control if the president is no longer able . At least one opposition group , the leftist Tagammu party , is asking the government to activate the article 's powers so that Suleiman can take charge immediately and allow Mubarak to make a graceful exit . A member of the self-declared Committee of the Wise , told CNN that Suleiman was willing to listen . The group of independent elites -- intellectuals , artists , diplomats and businessmen -- wants to be at the table during crucial government transition talks . They called on protests to continue at Tahrir Square every Tuesday and Friday until Mubarak "  resigns and makes true the demands of the people . " Mubarak , said the committee , can remain as a symbolic leader but should delegate to Suleiman responsibility for the transition period . Saturday 's talks were taking place as crowds massed again in downtown Cairo 's Tahrir Square for a 12th day of protests demanding an end to Mubarak 's 30-year authoritarian rule over the Arab world 's most populous nation . After chaos and bloodshed earlier in the week , Cairo remained calm Saturday . Cars traveled over a nearby overpass in the central city . Outside the Egyptian Museum , people prayed as soldiers stood guard . Protesters who had spent the night swept sidewalks with palm branches and bought food from carts stationed in the square . The justice minister announced that courts would reopen Sunday and the government eased its daily curfew now imposed from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m. "  We 're in better shape , " Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq said on state television . "  And we can sense that day by day . " Heavy military presence persisted on the streets of central Cairo . Interior Ministry spokesman Ismail Othman said "  the army remains neutral and is not taking sides because if we protect one side we will be perceived as biased ... . our role is to prevent clashes and chaos as we separate the opposing groups . " But in a scene exposing how volatile the situation remains , demonstrators formed a human chain to prevent tanks from passing through the barricades into the anti-Mubarak enclave in Tahrir Square . A witness said scuffles broke out when an army general asked demonstrators to take down their make-shift barricades of corrugated steel and debris , put up during the 48 hours of fighting near the landmark Egyptian Museum . And hours earlier , gunshots rang out as protesters said scores of Mubarak defenders tried to assault the square early Saturday morning . Troops fired into the air to disperse them , according to the protesters . Meanwhile , Mohamed ElBaradei 's National Association for Change and the Tagammu party 's leader announced a newly formed opposition group of 10 people , including ElBaradei , Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Beltagy and liberal Ghad party leader Ayman Nour . They called for Mubarak 's immediate resignation and the right for peaceful demonstration . "  We have been in agreement right now that we 'd probably have a presidential council of three members including somebody from the army , " ElBaradei told CNN . "  We have a caretaker government ... who would then run the country for a year , prepare the grounds for the necessary changes in the electoral process to ensure that we will have all what we need for a free and fair election , " he said . Tagammu and the liberal Wafd party met with Suleiman Saturday , buoyed by the government 's promises to investigate the bloodshed at Tahrir Square . At least 11 people were killed and more than 900 injured , according to the Health Ministry . Many believe the violence was instigated by government provocateurs . But some opposition groups are refusing to come to the table until Mubarak steps down . "  The so-called dialogue is the first step to exhaust this revolution . The president must go , " said Mohammed Habib , deputy chairman of the Muslim Brotherhood , an opposition Islamist umbrella group that if officially banned but tolerated in Egypt . The group reported that a security force accompanied by a "  gang of thugs " stormed the office of its news website Friday and arrested the journalists , technicians and administrators . The Al-Jazeera news network reported a similar attack on its Cairo office . Those attacks came after two days of violence and a government crackdown on journalists and human rights activists bearing witness to the crisis . Some had predicted the demonstrations might lose their momentum . But Friday , dubbed the "  Day of Departure " saw massive crowds gather in Cairo and other Egyptian cities to demand change . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Frederik Pleitgen and Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	NEW : Demonstrators try to prevent tanks from passing in Tahrir Square Protesters in Tahrir Square form new opposition group Some opposition leaders meet with the government ; others dig in Anti-government protesters are still gathered in central Cairo
CNN  -- Marlene Monteolivo was a Democrat for many years , then a Republican . Now she 's registered as a nonpartisan voter in Nevada who wants to support a candidate who will make the economy better . The Colombia native , who works for a Las Vegas social services agency , says she 's leaning toward GOP challenger Mitt Romney . She likes his business sensibilities . But there 's a hiccup . And it 's a big one called immigration . It 's the 200-pound anchor on the Republican message , say experts in Nevada politics . Many Latino voters will tell you "  It 's immigration , stupid , " in the vein of the famously coined phrase on the economy during Bill Clinton 's 1992 campaign . Monteolivo does n't like that Republicans blocked passage of the Dream Act , which would have created a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants . She bristled at Romney 's comment that 47 % of Americans feel entitled to government aid . She took it to mean that Latinos , many of whom are not well off , are considered freeloaders . Come November , Monteolivo says , her option might be to "  vote for none of the above . " Romney and President Barack Obama are vying for the attention of 268,000 eligible Latino voters in Nevada , a critical bloc in a battleground state that is still reeling from the Great Recession . Nevada leads the nation in the number of foreclosures and in the unemployment rate -- 12.6 % . The rate among Hispanics is even worse -- a dismal 14.6 % . Add that to Latino disillusion with Obama for failing to pass comprehensive immigration reform , and Romney ought to be able to grab a chunk of Latino voters , says Carlo Maffatt , who works on Latino outreach for the Republican Party . "  With the economy as bad as it is , you would think lot of people would blame Obama and say , ` Let me give Mitt Romney a shot , ' " Maffatt says . But that 's not the case . In 2008 , Nevada Latinos overwhelmingly voted for Obama , with whose help he handily defeated Arizona Sen. John McCain . Latinos were energized then by the promise of change in America 's immigration policies . Four years later , the Dream Act -- designed to create a path to citizenship for some young undocumented immigrants -- is all but dead on Capitol Hill . Obama did sign an executive order that defers deportation for undocumented immigrants who were brought to America as children . But that does not change current immigration law . "  You hear Latino voices saying . ` Obama has not delivered , ' " says David Damore , a University of Las Vegas political scientist . But that disappointment is more likely to translate into a "  let 's - just-stay-at-home " attitude -- as is the case with Monteolivo -- instead of voting GOP , even though Romney has tried to hit home with his message in Nevada . "  I have walked in Nevada neighborhoods blighted by abandoned homes , where people wonder why Barack Obama failed them , " Romney said in a speech in Las Vegas earlier this year . "  Well , Mr. President , Nevada has had enough of your kind of help . " Tough times might be the reason why Nevada has gone from a strong Obama state in 2008 to a real battleground this time around . But it may not be enough to sway Latinos . That 's because many of them -- such as Monteolivo -- can not get over a widely held perception that the Republican Party 's immigration policy boils down to a debate on how high to build the fence along the border , Damore says . The thinking is , he says , is that maybe we should give Romney a chance to fatten our pocketbooks but we ca n't take the risk with immigration . That perception has not been eased any by Republican candidates in the state . In the nasty 2010 Senate race , Republican Sharron Angle claimed her opponent , veteran Sen. Harry Reid , was too soft on illegal immigration . Latino groups expressed outrage over Angle 's ads that they said were racist . They featured ominous images of a border crossing and hostile-looking Latino men ; one carried an assault rifle . She also drew ire for proclaiming to Hispanic school children : "  Some of you look a little more Asian to me . " Reid defied anti-incumbent fervor to win a fifth term in office . Post-election pundits agreed that Hispanics , 15 % of Nevada 's electorate , had stood unified behind Reid to save him . Since then , Nevada 's Latino voters have grown in numbers . They have , after all , accounted for nearly half of the overall population growth in the state over the past 10 years . Their voting clout is sure to keep rising , and they form a voting bloc that will keep gaining national significance . That clout is even heavier in an extremely close election year in which the Silver State 's six electoral votes are oh so precious . Obama can no longer count on the overwhelming support of Latinos , and Romney has yet to figure out a way to connect , says Eric Herzik of the University of Nevada at Reno . "  The Latino vote may not be wild about Obama , but Romney has not shown them what he can do , " says Herzik , chairman of his university 's political science department . Romney 's argument , says Herzik , is that everyone will be better off with lower taxes and less government regulation . "  That 's a very nonspecific message , " Herzik says for Nevadans who are about to lose their home , lose everything . "  Many in Nevada are saying . ` I 'm not having a problem paying my taxes . I 'm having a problem paying my mortgage . ' " Ana Navarro : To woo Latinos , Romney needs specifics If the Republicans were able to effectively lay out their economic message , they might have a chance in getting Latinos to overlook what they see as problems in GOP immigration policy , Herzik says . Omar Lopez voted for Obama in 2008 but this year , he is still undecided . Lopez 's Las Vegas residential real estate business suffered a great deal in one of the hardest-hit housing markets in the country . He downsized his staff from 12 to 3 . He says the president has a competitor worth listening to . In Romney , Lopez sees a successful businessman who can perhaps solve the nation 's woes . The problem is he has n't heard specifics . Last week , he went to hear Romney 's son Craig speak at the Greater Las Vegas Association of Realtors in hopes of hearing a solid economic recovery plan . Part of that , Lopez says , has to be an emphasis on education . "  We are going to crash as a nation if we stop taking away money from education and the economy will be even worse than what it is , " Lopez says . "  Our kids are not going to college . " Nevada has the highest dropout rate among the 50 states . Only about 60 % of Hispanic students in Nevada graduate from high school , according to the state of Nevada . "  I have n't heard a specific plan for education , " Lopez says . "  How are we going to raise our federal budget to support school programs ? How are we going to motivate our teachers ? " Education and the economy are huge issues for Lopez , who is raising a 5-year-old son . But immigration policy is right up there . He achieved the American dream after arriving from Colombia when he was only 21 and understands why immigration is a roadblock between Latinos and the GOP . Maffatt , the GOP outreach worker , blames it partly on what he calls a lackluster effort by the Republicans . Hands down , he admits , the Democrats have done a better job connecting with Latinos . He pointed to Obama 's Las Vegas campaign appearance Sunday at the predominantly Hispanic Desert Pines High School . Sharing the stage was Mexican band Mana . Obama might as well have had U2 by his side . Obama 's sixth appearance in Nevada this year hit the jackpot with Latino voters , who showed up in droves if not to see him , then the hottest rock stars south of the border . Clever move , says Maffatt , who thinks the Mana concert will help re-energize Democratic Latino voters who might have become disappointed with the president 's failure to pass immigration reform . "  Is it the right way to present a candidate ? That 's debatable , " Maffatt says . "  But the point is they are doing something . I do n't see any  GOP  resources going into Nevada . " Lopez , the real-estate businessman , did not go to hear Mana . He gave his four tickets away to one of his clients . She called him up the next day crying with excitement . "  Oh , God , " she told him . "  I got to see the president . " It 's those small things , Lopez says , that might help Obama with Latinos in Nevada . As for Lopez ? He 'll be waiting eagerly in front of his television set Wednesday night as Obama and Romney engage in their first debate . CNN iReport : What would you ask the candidates in the first debate ? Lopez be tuning in for promises on education , the economy -- and immigration .	Some Latinos in hard-hit Nevada are considering voting for Mitt Romney But for many , immigration is a deciding issue One GOP activist says his party has not done enough to connect with Latinos He says President Barack Obama 's appearance with Mexican band Mana was great strategy
CNN  -- Former South African rugby World Cup winner Ruben Kruger has passed away following a long battle with brain cancer . The ex-Cheetahs and Bulls flanker was first diagnosed with the illness during the early 2000s at the end of a successful career that saw him earn 36 Springboks caps . Kruger , who was just two months short of his 40th birthday , made his debut against Argentina in Buenos Aires during 1993 and was named South African Rugby Player of the Year in 1995 -- the year the country lifted the World Cup . "  Ruben Kruger was the epitome of the Springbok flanker , tough , indomitable and with an outstanding work ethic , " Oregan Hoskins , president of the South African Rugby Union  SARU  , told reporters . "  When Ruben was on the field you always knew that the Springboks would not be beaten without a tremendous battle . "  Our prayers have been with him through his battles against illness and it is very sad to hear of his early passing . Our thoughts are with his young family and we extend to them our sincerest condolences . " Kruger made his final appearance in the green and gold against New Zealand in 1999 .	Former South African rugby World Cup winner Ruben Kruger passes away The flanker dies aged 39 following a long battle with brain cancer Kruger was named Player of the Year in 1995 , the year the Springboks won the World Cup
Washington  CNN  -- A 90-year-old Michigan man who officials say rounded up and shot Jews in Nazi death camps during World War II is a step closer to being deported , the Justice Department announced Tuesday . In January , a judge found John Kalymon of Troy , Michigan , to have been an armed member of the Nazi-sponsored Ukrainian Auxiliary Police from 1941 to 1944 . Tuesday , an appeals board dismissed Kalymon 's attempt to block his deportation from the United States . Kalymon immigrated to America from Germany in 1949 and became a U.S. citizen in 1955 . A federal judge in Detroit revoked his U.S. citizenship in 2007 . "  John Kalymon and his Ukrainian Police accomplices were indispensable participants in Nazi Germany 's campaign to exterminate the Jews of Europe during World War II , " said Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer . Breuer said tens of thousands of Jewish men , women and children were murdered in L'viv or rounded up and shipped to the Nazi death camp in Belzec or to Nazi forced labor camps . In a news release last month , the Justice Department said Kalymon "  personally shot Jews while serving , killing at least one " and "  participated in violent anti-Jewish operations in which Jews were forcibly deported to be murdered in gas chambers and to serve as slave laborers . " "  This case is one of more than a hundred cases successfully prosecuted by the Department of Justice against wartime Nazi perpetrators , " said Eli Rosenbaum , head of the Justice Department 's Nazi-hunting unit . Rosenbaum said that since the government launched its program to find and deport former Nazis in 1979 , 107 individuals have been prosecuted , and 180 suspected Axis persecutors who attempted to enter the United States have been blocked from doing so . Although authorities believe only a small number of former Nazis -- mostly in their 90s -- remain alive in the United States , the government is determined to keep up the hunt and deport those they find . Rosenbaum said the program "  reflects the government 's continuing commitment to pursuing justice on behalf of the victims of the Holocaust and other human rights crimes . "	John Kalymon was a member of a Nazi-backed police unit , a court has found He came to the United States from Germany in 1949 and became a U.S. citizen in 1955 Efforts continue to find the few former Nazis remaining in the United States
Jules Verne understood it best : you can fly around the world in 80 days and dive 20,000 leagues under the sea , but you can also find awesome otherworldly adventures right beneath your feet . Just ask the Mexican miners who discovered a sweltering cavern filled with crystals as tall as apartment buildings , or the Brazilians who first gazed into Poço Encantado , a cave with a lake so clear you lose all sense of perspective looking into its depths . Mother Nature knows what she 's doing when it comes to creating cool underground attractions . Mankind is n't so bad at it either . Turkey 's ancient city of Derinkuyu is thought to have housed 20,000 people 18 stories inside a mountain . And in Luxor 's Valley of the Kings , the Tomb of Seti I 's sheer size and extensive Book of the Dead bas-reliefs would make any aspiring Egyptologist cry mummy . Ready to discover some of the earth 's coolest underground sights ? Here 's where to start digging . Travel + Leisure : World 's coolest new tourist attractions Puerto Princesa Underground River , Philippines A UNESCO World Heritage site , this five-mile-long underground river lies beneath a limestone karst mountain on the island of Palawa , connecting the Cabayugan River 's flow to the South China Sea . The surrounding national park protects eight different forest systems , from mountains to beaches , and is a naturalist 's dream with a multitude of plant species  800 and counting  and vibrant animal life . While underground on guided rafting trips , visitors enter several large chambers , some as wide as 390 feet and almost 200 feet high , as well as passageways with a more claustrophobic fit . puerto-undergroundriver . com Turda Salt Mines , Romania Excavated by hand since the 13th century -- although perhaps as early at 1075 -- the massive Turda Salt Mines in Transylvania is now a subterranean museum and recreation center with basketball hoops , a mini-golf course , Ferris wheel , and even an underground lake you can go boating on . From mine mouth to dome 's floor is a staggering 368 feet underground . Those with allergies and asthma will be especially interested in the mine 's halotherapy spa facilities , which use ionized air , pressure , and humidity in the salt-lined caves to treat persistent respiratory problems . salinaturda.eu Magma Chamber of Thrihnukagigur Volcano , Iceland Joe Versus the Volcano this is not -- no need for human sacrifice to see the inner chamber of Thrihnukagigur Volcano , which has been dormant for 4,000 years . Instead of erupting , the magma mysteriously drained away , leaving behind psychedelic mineral colorations geological geeks can gawk at today . After a hike across lava fields , visitors are whisked 390 feet into the volcano 's maw by a cable car . Tours usually occur between June and July , but can be extended beyond that period . insidethevolcano.com Travel + Leisure : Coolest underwater attractions Poço Encantado , Brazil Set along the eastern border of the Chapada Diamantina range near Andaraí in northeast Brazil , the Poço Encantado  Enchanted Well  is an underground lake with a natural window out to the Bahian jungle above . Between April and September , when the sun is at just the right spot in the sky , the light hitting the water in the cave turns it a deep , mysterious blue . The water is so clear that one can see more than 200 feet to the bottom , where ancient tree trunks and rock formations appear disorientingly close . Cave of the Crystals , Mexico La Cueva de los Cristales was discovered in the Naica Mine near Chihuahua in 2000 after water was pumped out of the 30-by-90-foot chamber , and there 's nothing else like it on -- or under -- earth . The crisscrossing gypsum columns are some of the world 's largest natural crystals . Despite its grandeur , visits are nearly impossible to come by due to dangerous conditions : near 100-percent humidity and temperatures as high as 136 degrees , warmed by a pool of magma sitting below the cave . There 's even been talk of refilling it with water . naica.com.mx Waitomo Glowworm Caves , New Zealand The real-life setting for a glow-in-the-dark sci-fi spectacular is two hours south of Auckland and the same distance west of Rotorua under Waitomo 's rolling green hills . Here caves are filled with arachnocampa luminosa  that 's New Zealand 's indigenous glowworms to you  that give off a subtle blue glow due to a chemical reaction occurring in their abdomen . Enjoy a boat ride that will take you through this galaxy of living lights , strong on sticky webs above . waitomo.com Travel + Leisure : World 's coolest tree house hotels Greenbrier Bunker , White Sulphur Springs , WV Indulge in a little espionage while visiting the Allegheny Mountain 's posh Greenbrier resort , where a bunker was secretly built in 1956 to house members of Congress should nuclear war break out . Now declassified , the fallout shelter could have accommodated more than 1,100 people behind 25-ton blast doors ; today , it 's a time capsule of Cold War hubris . The unused bunker came equipped with a power plant , decontamination chambers , communications equipment , meeting rooms , and a great hall for joint sessions -- all over two football-field-size levels . San Clemente Basilica and Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini , Rome Uncover eons of religious belief at San Clemente Basilica , a 12th-century basilica built on top of a many-frescoed fourth-century church -- itself built over a secular first-century home that stands next to a second-century temple used by an all-male fertility cult worshiping the sun god Mithras . Those with darker leanings can explore the Capuchin ossuary underneath the church of Santa Maria della Concezione , a 10-minute walk away , where the bones of 4,000 monks were used to artistically decorate the crypt in the form of chandeliers , coats of arms , and archways . Keep a lookout for a toddler 's skeleton turned flying grim reaper . basilicasanclemente.com Forestiere Underground Gardens , Fresno , CA From 1906 to 1946 , Sicilian immigrant Baldassare Forestiere built himself a subterranean home and garden modeled after the ancient catacombs of his homeland . The intrepid builder and gardener dug some 10,000 square feet of rooms , a chapel , and even an underground fishing pond using just farming tools . Forestiere 's 10-acre creation provides a cool respite from the scorching California sun , with blooming fruit trees reaching to skylights above . Cabinet War Rooms , London Across the Atlantic , another secret underground bunker got a lot of use as the nerve center of the British war effort in World War II . Occupied by ministers , military personnel , and Prime Minister Winston Churchill from 1939 to 1945 , the Cabinet War Rooms -- part of the Churchill War Rooms museum -- preserves many of the day-to-day artifacts used in that period , from large maps full of pinpricks indicating changing front lines down to the swivel chair Churchill used while presiding over the War Cabinet . See all of the world 's coolest underground wonders	Explore the inner chamber of Iceland 's Thrihnukagigur Volcano Visitors to Brazil 's Poço Encantado lake can see more than 200 feet to the bottom Some of the world 's largest natural crystals can be found in Mexico
CNN  -- It 's time for Chris Christie to come clean . At a dramatic press conference last week , the New Jersey governor tried to apologize and said he had no advance knowledge of the lane closings on the George Washington Bridge . But he came across mostly upset that his senior staff had lied to him instead of upset that the citizens of Fort Lee , New Jersey , suffered during days-long politically motivated gridlock . Plus , no amount of talking would mute the lingering questions : Even if Christie had n't ordered the lane closings  a significant and still-to-be verified if  , why was n't he at least digging into the truth of the story in October and November , when the press and state legislators certainly were ? Saying he just did n't know just does n't seem credible . At worst , Christie seems like a bully who ordered or inspired his staff to punish political opponents . At best , Christie seems like a passive leader who does n't have a handle on his top staff . Either way , Christie is taking a hit ; as a new poll shows , Christie 's approval rating among New Jersey voters has fallen from 65 % to 59 % in one month . Moreover , the incident has taken a toll on his personal reputation . A year ago , 70 % of New Jerseyans held a favorable personal impression of Christie . Today , that number is just 44 % . And cementing the sense that Christie has n't told the full story , 51 % of New Jerseyans said they believe Christie has n't been completely honest yet about what he knows about the bridge closings . Adding to Christie 's woes and image problems is news , first reported by CNN , that federal investigators are looking into whether the governor improperly used $ 25 million in Hurricane Sandy relief on a tourism marketing campaign that featured Christie and his family . The ads ran in the lead-up to the 2013 election , in which Christie successfully sought a second term . At the time , Democrats skewered the ads , as did some Republicans . Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , like Christie considered a leading contender for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 , said in November , "  That 's a real problem and that 's why when people who are trying to do good and trying to use taxpayers ' money wisely , they 're offended to see our money spent on political ads . That 's just offensive . " Of course , to New Jersey 's hurricane victims , many of whom are still living in trailers and 75 % of whom feel forgotten by the recovery , describing Christie using aid money as his personal slush fund as "  offensive " is an understatement . Meanwhile , just 15 % of federal aid for Hurricane Sandy had actually been spent as of last fall . And that 's just what we know now . Ironically for Christie , scandals are like gathering storms that tend to gain momentum and sweep up everything in their path . In addition to previously reported stories about Chris Christie 's bullying political persona , this week more New Jersey mayors came out of the woodwork to allege that the Christie administration retaliated against them for not endorsing his re-election . According to the Wall Street Journal , after declining to endorse Christie , Jersey City Mayor Steve Fulop found he was no longer able to get meetings with state commissioners to address key governance issues . Fulop 's name came up in the cache of e-mails recently released on the Fort Lee scandal . The day of the lane closings , when Christie 's deputy chief of staff Bridget Anne Kelly e-mailed Port Authority appointee David Wildstein to ask if Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich 's complaints had been responded to , Wildstein wrote back , "  Radio silence . His name comes right after Mayor Fulop . " Mayor Dawn Zimmer of Hoboken said she has also suspected retribution from the Christie administration after she did not endorse the governor for re-election . Zimmer said she believes her city received less post-Sandy storm preparation funding because of her lack of endorsement . Meanwhile , more e-mails and documents are coming out about the bridge scandal , implicating other members of Christie 's senior staff and at least suggesting they knew about the alleged retribution scheme , or perhaps were more involved . That makes it even more far-fetched to imagine that Christie really only learned the truth a few days ago . The media started sniffing around about political motivations for the bridge closures in mid-September . By mid-November , the State Assembly was convening hearings . By mid-December , Wildstein and Bill Baroni , Christie 's top appointees at the Port Authority , had both resigned over the growing scandal . Why did Christie finally ask his staff for the facts around the lane closures a few weeks ago ? Was Chris Christie stuck in traffic for three months ? Did he willfully rip the rear view mirrors off and put on blinders ? NBC 's Chuck Todd said that watching Christie try to defend himself was reminiscent of Bill Clinton 's denying his affair with Monica Lewinsky . Indeed , the analogy is that Clinton was handicapped from the get-go by the common knowledge that he was a philandering cad , just as many New Jerseyans and voters across the country find it hard to believe that a governor known for being a political bully had absolutely nothing to do with the bridge scandal . Chris Christie built his political career with a reputation for directness . But increasingly , it seems as though he has something to hide . And so the questions will keep mounting until Christie comes clean . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Sally Kohn says Chris Christie needs to go further in commenting on bridge scandal She says he needs to explain why he did n't respond to the controversy for weeks Kohn : Christie also under fire for handling of Sandy relief funds She notes that Christie 's ratings among New Jerseyans are declining
CNN  -- Canada 's Cabinet ministers are in hot water for their government 's plans to spend nearly $ 2 million building a man-made lake for this month 's G20 summit . The indoor lake , designed as part of a new complex in downtown Toronto for reporters covering the meeting , was one of several items that drew sharp criticism from left-wing legislators during a question period in Parliament Monday . "  Instead of hosting world leaders , maybe the government should consider party-planning for Lady Gaga , " Liberal MP Mark Holland said , claiming the country 's budget for hosting the event also included paying for "  dancers , singers , fiddlers and flowers " with $ 20 million Canadian  about $ 18.9 million U.S. dollars  . Critics said the lavish expenditures seemed out of place for a meeting that will focus on recovering from the global economic crisis . But cabinet members defended the Canadian government 's plans as they faced shouts and heckles . "  It 's a normal practice for the host country of an international summit to use the opportunity to showcase all their country has to offer , and that is exactly what we 're doing ... and we 're going to be proud to showcase Canada to the world , contrary to what the Liberals want to do , " Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon said . The G8 summit will take place from June 25-26 at a lakeside resort north of Toronto . About 3,000 journalists will cover the event from the media center in Toronto , which will also host the G20 summit from June 26-27 , Transport Minister John Baird said Monday . "  We 're proud of our government 's efforts to showcase this great country so it can be a magnet for jobs , investment and opportunity , " he said . Toronto sits on the coast of Lake Ontario , one of the five Great Lakes . "  We 've got a government here that has to create an artificial lake , when Canada has more lakes than just about any other country in the world , " said MP Jack Layton , Canada 's social democratic party leader . "  The taxpayers are going to end up at the bottom of the fake lake . "	Canada 's G20 hosting plans include construction of fake lake Left-wing politicians have criticized the government 's lavish spending Cabinet ministers say their plans will draw more jobs and investments Meeting is scheduled for June 26-27 in Toronto , Canada
CNN  -- Kyle White now has two pieces of metal to wear -- one , a bracelet inscribed with the names of his six comrades killed in an ambush in Afghanistan , the other , a Medal of Honor given to him for his valor that ensured that death toll was n't higher . Speaking minutes after President Barack Obama gave him the highest military honor , White insisted the two emblems are equally significant . They both represent his family on that day six years ago -- the seven others who , like him , survived as well as those who did not . The former Army sergeant said Tuesday he owes it to these men , whom he calls "  my heroes , " to live his life well , even now that he 's left the military , and with honor . "  Though I am still uncomfortable with hearing my name and the word ` hero ' in the same sentence , I am now ready for the challenge of proudly wearing this piece of blue fabric and carved metal with the same reverence that I wear the bracelet . And I vow to live up to the responsibility of doing so , " White said . Not long before , Obama recalled White 's bravery and that of his colleagues . The President paid tribute to those who died that fall day in Afghanistan and those who survived . They had done everything their country could ask for and more . "  Kyle , members of Chosen Company , you did your duty , " Obama said . "  And now it 's time for America to do ours . " White himself insisted that the Medal of Honor can not really be an individual award , calling it "  a testament to the trust we have in each other and our leaders . " Still , the President said that he deserved to be singled out . A high school freshman when the Twin Towers fell on September 11 , 2001 , White joined the Army and was just 20 years old and 21 months into his military service when he faced the ultimate test . He aced it , and in doing so represented the best of what Obama called the "  9/11 generation  which  has proven itself to be one of America 's greatest . " "  Today , " the President said to a crowd that included White , his parents and many of his former comrades , "  we pay tribute to a soldier who embodies the courage of his generation . " Attacked in ` ambush alley ' On Tuesday , White dressed in full uniform . But on most other weekdays , he now wears a suit to his job as an investment analyst at a bank in Charlotte , North Carolina -- a job that he 's admitted to Obama , with a laugh , is less exciting than his previous job in the Army . The Washington state native joined up after high school , following the lead of his father , a former Army Special Forces member . His service had , like many other members of the military , earned him a ticket to Afghanistan as his platoon 's radio telephone operator . He was there on November 9 , 2007 , walking back from a meeting with elders with his unit of 14 and a squad of Afghan army soldiers . "  They knew not to stop , they had to keep moving , " Obama recalled of the group walking single-file with a cliff to their right and a steep , rocky slope to their left . "  They were heading into an area known as ambush alley . " In an interview prior to the award ceremony , White told CNN how the group walked "  down this little incline and looking into the valley ,  when  I hear this single shot . Then two shots , then the echo , then fully automatic gunfire . " Taking so much fire , members of his patrol were separated as they tried to take cover . White was finishing off his first magazine and beginning to load another one when an rocket-propelled grenade exploded , knocking him unconscious . Moments after he came to , an enemy round hit a rock just inches from his head . The shrapnel and rock fragments cut his face . Dazed , he struggled to take in what was happening . He and four others had been separated from the other soldiers , who 'd jumped from a cliff . White administered first aid to one wounded soldier using the only cover available : a single tree . That soldier would survive . It was at that point in the attack that White realized his radio was n't working . He looked out and saw a member of his patrol about 30 feet away whose wounds were so bad that he could not move . White ran toward him , braving enemy fire . White was able to drag the wounded man back to the tree . But the man 's injuries were too severe , and he died . Risking death , again and again White continued to risk himself to help his fellow warriors , again running from cover into enemy fire to reach the platoon leader . White told the military publication Stars and Stripes that he could see the leader 's helmet and assault pack , but he could n't tell whether the leader was alive . White had to see , he said . White crawled toward the man . It was too late . He was dead . White figured he would be killed . But he would do what he was trained to do . He would carry out his duty . "  It was never a choice , " he explained to CNN . "  I told myself from the beginning that I was going to be killed , you know ... just the amount of fire ... I 'm not gon na make it through this . " But he kept focused . The soldier White had dragged to the tree earlier was hit again , this time in the knee , so the White wrapped his belt around the man 's leg , creating a tourniquet . Then White found a working radio on a deceased comrade and called for artillery and helicopter gunships to help . Finally , maybe , there could be hope . But then a friendly mortar round landed near White . "  I remember just red hot chunks of metal like the size of my palm just flinging by your head , " he told Stars and Stripes . Suffering a concussion , White managed to hang on , waiting for helicopters to evacuate him and others with him that day . When help arrived , he told his rescuers to put the other wounded aboard first . A soldier , changed Speaking with National Public Radio this week , White said the experience -- from the violence to the wait -- seemed like "  forever . " And it has n't entirely gone away , all these years later . "  It 's something you still think about every day , " White said . "  I still have these images from that day burned into my head . But it 's something , as time goes on , it gets easier . " But something inside him changed , he said . "  Even to this day , you know , I ca n't say if it was something good or bad . ... " he told NPR . "  And that was pretty much the reason why I decided to leave the Army . " White first returned home and trained other paratrooopers . When it came time for White to re-enlist , he thought hard about whether doing so felt right . He decided against it because he doubted that he could devote his complete heart and mind to it , he told NPR . It was unacceptable to him to continue in the service and then , perhaps , be deployed to Afghanistan . Service members deserve a leader who is all in , he explained . Obama called him on February 10 to tell him he 'd be given the Medal of Honor . He 's the 10th recipient of that award for his actions in Afghanistan , and the seventh surviving recipient . Four service members received the Medal of Honor -- all posthumously -- for actions in the war in Iraq , according to the Congressional Medal of Honor Society . In a brief statement to reporters after Tuesday 's ceremony , White called the Medal of Honor "  a symbol of the responsibility all soldiers knowingly face when they depart for distant lands in defense of the nation , a responsibility that locks us all in the bonds of brotherhood . " As such , White could n't help but think about his brothers in arms . "  Without the team , " he said , "  there could be no Medal of Honor . That is why I wear this medal for my team . " Read the transcript of the White House ceremony 24 minority veterans receive long overdue Medal of Honor See Kyle White 's Army profile CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Kyle White : "  Without this team , there would be no Medal of Honor " NEW : He vows to "  live up to the responsibility " of having the top military award NEW : Obama calls White "  a soldier who embodies the courage of his generation " The Army vet , then 20 , braved enemy fire to save his wounded comrades in Afghanistan
For a long time it feels like we have n't seen much of Ronald McDonald . Not for nothing , but I heard he shanked Grimace in a back alley somewhere down in Mexico . That 's the rumor , anyway . However , now the famous fast-food clown is back in the spotlight , and everything seems right in his world . McDonald 's re-introduced Ronald on Wednesday , stating that he is "  setting out on a global mission to rally the public through inspiring events . " I 'm sort of hoping this involves feats of strength , motorcycles , and explosions . And maybe some AC/DC . But probably not . Either way , good for him . It 's hard to find honest work , especially when your LinkedIn skills include applying heavy makeup and crying yourself to sleep . Of course , Ronald McDonald , who 's been the face of the company since 1963 , is more than just a clown who goes on global missions . Because behind all that face paint lies a ruthless hamburger kingpin with a never-say-die attitude , capable of striking fear into his trembling sales team . "  Put that McCafe Coffee down ! McCafe coffee 's for closers only . " Yes , some may criticize Ronald for being too influential , as he entices kids to eat unhealthy fast food . I do n't know the exact psychology behind it , but , presumably , it works like this : "  Hey kids , look at the funny clown . Wee ! How ` bout a Happy Meal ? " And I 'm OK with that . They 're overseeing a restaurant business . It 's not like McDonald 's is a tattoo parlor . "  Hey kids , look at the funny clown . Wee ! How ` bout a koi fish on your neck ? " So , he 's a hamburger salesman . Big deal . A little diabetes never hurt anyone . But as major companies move forward with trends in society , sometimes even cultural icons need a dramatic makeover . So , a major part of the big rollout was some new , updated clothes . And when you 're talking about the one and only Ronald McDonald , that requires strategy and careful planning . You ca n't just throw this guy in a car and drive him down to Old Navy . "  Here 's 50 bucks . Go nuts . " I mean , the man is a legend . He deserves only the best . Which is why Ronald 's new wardrobe was created by Ann Hould-Ward , an accomplished theatrical designer who won a Tony Award for "  Beauty and the Beast . " That said , it 's entirely possible that the marketing team simply threw Ann in a car and drove HER down to Old Navy , because Ronald 's new getup includes cargo pants and a technical vest , as well as a red and white striped long-sleeve rugby shirt . Your Old Navy basics . Though , in all fairness , it looks OK . Somehow , Ronald does sort of come off as fairly modern and relaxed , like a 20-something heading out to see the Dave Matthews Band . Still , it 's worth noting that , amongst all these major changes , his iconic giant red shoes have n't . And he also now has a "  whimsical " new blazer for special occasions . Say , perhaps , a bris . "  Nice work , Rabbi . " "  Thanks , Clown . " But it was n't just a wardrobe makeover . When McDonald 's revealed Ronald 2014 to the world this week , the company also shared a new mission : Fun makes great things happen . The idea , McDonald 's says , is that moments of fun and enjoyment bring out the simple pleasures in life and can lead to acts of goodness . And it 's true . The other day I walked out my house without pants . Next thing you know I 'm volunteering at a bake sale . It feels nice to give back to the community . Beyond his updated clothes and new personal mission handed down from the Filet-O-Fish gods , what 's most fun about this whole new and improved Ronald is that now he 's even taking on social media . In fact , Ronald 's actually been given the password for the official McDonald 's Twitter account . That 's a lot of trust for a guy who hangs out with somebody named The Hamburglar . While Ronald wo n't actually have his own personal Twitter handle , he has been authorized to use his full name as a hashtag , marking the first time he 's taken an active part in the company 's social media strategy . Really , the whole thing seems perfectly harmless . At least until he comes home buzzed after a Tinder date . "  Boom ! Two words . BIG MAC . #RonaldMcDonald #Legendary " Ask anyone with questionable morals : Fun makes great things happen ! Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	Ronald McDonald was recently re-introduced to the public with a fresh wardrobe Since 1963 , Ronald has been the face of the McDonald 's corporation Ronald is also tasked with a mission : Fun makes great things happen
CNN  -- Hundreds of mourners packed a church in southwest India on Monday to honor the Indian-born nurse believed to have killed herself after taking a prank call at the hospital treating Prince William 's pregnant wife . Jacintha Saldanha was buried Monday after a Mass at Our Lady of Health , Shirva , according to the Rev. Stany Tauro . Tauro said about 3,000 people attended the service . The funeral came two days after a Westminster Cathedral memorial service for Saldanha , who in early December took what turned out to be a prank call from two Australian radio show hosts pretending to be Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles . Read more : Who was nurse Jacintha Saldanha ? Believing the call was genuine , she transferred it to the King Edward VII 's Hospital ward where Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , was being treated for severe morning sickness . The hosts were able to get some information about Catherine 's condition before the nurse who took the call grew suspicious and ended the call . Saldanha was found hanging from a wardrobe door at her hospital living quarters on December 7 , a coroner 's court heard Thursday . She left three notes , according to the court . The content was not disclosed . At Saturday 's memorial in London , Saldanha 's family spoke of the pain of losing her . Read more : Nurse 's family : ` We love you and will miss you forever ' "  I feel a part of me has been ripped out , " her husband , Benedict Barboza , said after the service . "  Without your beautiful smile and sparkling personality , the house is an empty place to live . " "  We are shattered and there 's an unfillable void in our lives , " her daughter , Lisha , said . "  We love you , Mum . Sleep in peace and please watch over us until we meet again in Heaven . We will always love you and keep you close to our hearts . " Although the hosts have apologized , the show has been taken off the air indefinitely . The hospital , which has said Saldanha was not subject to any disciplinary actions because of the prank , set up a memorial fund to benefit her family . CNN 's Harmeet Sigh , Laura Smith-Spark , Susanna Palk and Jack Maddox contributed to this report .	About 3,000 people attend the Mass and burial , priest says Jacintha Saldanha took the prank call from DJs seeking info on the Duchess of Cambridge She was found hanged on December 7 , an apparent suicide
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Questions swirled Sunday about what caused iconic singer Whitney Houston 's sudden death , with authorities offering little information at a time when many were still struggling to come to grips with the news . While an autopsy was complete as of late Sunday afternoon , Assistant Chief Ed Winter of the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office said it could take six to eight weeks before the results are in on toxicology and other tests . "  There was no visible signs of trauma , and foul play is not suspected at this time , " Winter said , adding that "  the cause of death right now is deferred . " More official details on the investigation are n't expected to surface anytime soon , after the Beverly Hills , California , police department was granted a "  security hold . " Common in high-profile cases , this puts limits on what can be revealed about a probe . Authorities have said that police and fire officials were called to Houston 's room at the Beverly Hilton Hotel at 3:43 p.m. Saturday after her bodyguard found her unconscious body in a bathtub . Winter , from the coroner 's office , said Houston was removed from the tub before paramedics performed CPR . She was pronounced dead at 3:55 p.m. Pill bottles were found at the scene , entertainment news website TMZ reported , citing "  informed sources . " CNN could not immediately confirm the TMZ report and Winter declined to comment . Whatever the exact cause , the grief about the death of Houston -- whose soaring voice and enormous talent were clouded in recent years by her battles with drug addiction -- was evident Sunday at the 54th annual Grammy awards show , which is typically the biggest night on the music industry 's calendar . After a performance by Bruce Springsteen , Grammy host LL Cool J began his monologue by acknowledging "  we 've had a death in our family " and offering a prayer thanking God "  for sharing our sister Whitney with us . " "  Although she 's gone too soon , we remain truly blessed to have been touched by her beautiful spirit and to have her lasting legacy of music to cherish and share forever , " the rapper and actor said . Earlier , on the red carpet , Kim Burrell told CNN she 'd exchanged voicemails with her good friend Houston shortly before her death , describing her as being "  in great spirits , as always . " She always thought of Houston as a "  fighter " and a "  survivor , " which made the idea of her passing all the more difficult to comprehend . "  She 's my sister and she 'll always be my sister , " said an emotional Burrell , herself a singer . "  I love her dearly . " Burrell said she 'd flown to California to join Houston in attending a pre-Grammy party Saturday night hosted by the songstress ' longtime mentor , Clive Davis . Houston never made it , dying at the age of 48 . Amid the outpouring of grief , Beverly Hills police said Houston 's 18-year-old daughter , Bobbi Kristina , was taken to Los Angeles ' Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , at about 11:15 a.m. Sunday . Details of her condition were not disclosed . A source close to the family told CNN that by late Sunday afternoon the teenager was out of the hospital and would be heading back to New Jersey possibly as early as Sunday night . She was expected to go to the home of her grandmother , gospel singer Cissy Houston , in New Jersey , the source said . Bobbi Kristina Brown was born during Houston 's marriage to R&B singer Bobby Brown , which ended in divorce in 2007 . Burrell said she was with the teenager late Saturday , admitting the girl had felt "  overwhelmed " while expressing confidence that "  she 'll pull through . " Her father , Bobby Brown , did not perform at a scheduled New Edition concert Sunday night in Nashville in the wake of his ex-wife 's death , said Candy Lowd , a promoter for the concert . The previous night , he was openly emotional during a concert in Southaven , Mississippi , said attendee and CNN iReporter Moshiu Knox , at one point asking people to say a prayer for his daughter , for his mother and "  for me , because I 'm going to need it . " "  Bobby was crying during his performance and at one point had to walk off stage , " Knox said . Houston 's battles with drugs had long made headlines , but she was in the midst of a comeback , with a few shows scheduled and a movie in the works . "  I did really get the sense that she was really trying to make a comeback , " megachurch pastor T.D. Jakes , executive producer of Houston 's upcoming movie "  Sparkle , " said Sunday . "  And I think that the reason that so many people are devastated is because it is not just her music , but it is her misery that attached itself to the hearts of Americans , and we watched her struggle to regain her footing after a tumultuous relationship and bouts with abuse and substance abuse . "  I think the believability of her human struggle made her song and her acting that much more powerful because we recognize that often it is the caged bird that sings , " Jakes said . Fans : Houston 's music spanned an era A music industry executive , who recalled hearing two loud booms from the room below hers -- the room where , she later learned , Houston had died -- said she had seen Houston and Bobbi Kristina swimming in the hotel pool days before . The two looked happy , she recalled , and Houston seemed healthy and beautiful . However , it remained unknown whether the singer had won her battle with substance abuse for good . Houston had performed as late as Thursday night at a pre-Grammy event in the area , singing a raspy rendition of "  Jesus Loves Me " with singer Kelly Price . Music exec : Houston looked ` healthy and beautiful ' days earlier Houston 's family said in a statement Sunday , "  We are devastated by the loss of our beloved Whitney . This is an unimaginable tragedy and we will miss her terribly . We appreciate the outpouring of love and support from her fans and friends . " Grief flows at hotel where Houston died Her fans remembered her in her prime on Sunday , when she reigned as pop queen during the 1980s , selling some 170 million albums , singles and videos . "  Perhaps now Whitney can rest in everlasting life without the harsh judgment that she felt in this world , " said CNN iReporters Kimberly and Betty Kiel from Pearland , Texas . And in the church where Houston grew up , the New Hope Baptist Church in Newark , New Jersey , members gathered to honor her . As a young girl , Houston grew sang solos in the choir at the church . Her mother served as director of sacred music at the church for 54 years and is still a member there . Whitney Houston was born in Newark in 1963 and was soloing in the junior choir by age 11 , according to the All Music Guide . "  Whitney 's mother and cousins nurtured her passion for gospel music since birth , " according to Houston 's official website . Her cousins include singers Dee Dee Warwick and Dionne Warwick , and her godmother was Aretha Franklin . Franklin told CNN on Sunday that the news of her goddaughter 's death is "  almost unbelievable . " "  It 's stunning , absolutely stunning , " the iconic performer said . "  I could not believe what I was reading ... It 's a sad day , a very sad day . " Sorrow at church where Houston got her start The Rev. Jesse Jackson was among those attending the service in Newark . "  Whitney is a winner , " he told reporters outside the church . "  Her singing , her inspiring people around the world , it 's been a great source of joy and uplift . And so we grieve , and yet we rejoice even in our grieving . " Houston 's career : A regal rise , a tragic fall Jackson said he spoke to Cissy Houston on Saturday night and Sunday morning and headed to her home after the service . "  They 're having to process this , " he said of Houston 's family . "  This was not some long , debilitating sickness . This was sudden . And so when this happens , there 's no rational explanation , just you have to cling to your faith and hold on until the morning comes . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Denise Quan , Casey Wian , Jessica Thill , George Howell , Holly Yan , Poppy Harlow and Deb Feyerick contributed to this report . Michael Martinez reported from Los Angeles and Greg Botelho from Atlanta .	Grammy host LL Cool J lauds Whitney Houston 's "  beautiful spirit " A coroner 's official says that Whitney Houston 's autopsy is complete She was found in a bathtub and CPR was n't successful , he says Her daughter is taken to , and later released from , an L.A. hospital
CNN  -- The economic performance of Africa in the last few years has been remarkable . The continent has consistently defied the global trend . Five years after the global financial system came perilously close to collapse , the global economic outlook is still uncertain . In Europe , GDP is still below pre-crisis levels and unemployment is at a record high . Recovery in the United States , although stronger , remains weak by historic standards , and even China , which has done so much to drive global growth , is slowing down . Yet , in what some might call an unexpected twist , average growth in Africa over the last decade has been more than 5 % . Of the 10 fastest-growing global economies , seven are in sub-Saharan Africa . But how will this economic spike be sustained ? How do we ensure we continue along this trajectory ? Read more : Africa 's giant infrastructure projects It is the world 's appetite for Africa 's rich natural resources which , up to now , has been the major driver of this stellar record . And it is this same appetite that will provide both the opportunity and the solution for Africa to sustain these economic achievements . While not all African countries are commodity rich , the continent has 12 % of the world 's oil reserves , 40 % of its gold , and 80 % to 90 % of its chromium and platinum . Africa is also home to 60 % of the world 's underutilized arable land and has vast timber resources . The idea that these abundant natural resources can be the driver for an industrial revolution across the continent is growing . The latest edition of the Economic Report on Africa  ERA 2013  sets out how the continent 's future will be determined by how policies that promote commodity-based industrialization are designed and implemented . We believe that such a transformation is both imperative and possible . But it requires courage , vision and a new mindset from the continent 's business and political leaders to overcome the challenges which continue to hold back the building of a successful and dynamic industrial base in Africa . Read more : Ethiopia bids to be Africa 's powerhouse There is no one-size-fits-all solution to accelerating resource-based industrialization . But important lessons can be learnt from the success of countries such as Malaysia , Indonesia , Thailand and Venezuela in promoting value addition , new services , and technological capabilities . Malaysia , in particular , is a perfect example of how a commodity-based economy was transformed , through focused state interventions and an allocation of resources towards the industrial sector , to a high-income and diverse manufacturer in only a few decades . Through a series of five-year development plans , centered on a vision to transform the structure of the economy and raise incomes in the medium - and long-term , investment was oriented towards industry . Today , Malaysia is a key manufacturer and exporter of a wide range of goods and services . It is clear that governments , both individually and collectively , have an important role . A supportive policy and investment framework is essential to attract long-term investors . Policies to build local capacity and address inequality are essential . Moreover , developing skills through training and incentives will ensure that local economies are able to grow and diversify . Ozwald Boateng : New wind of change is blowing through Africa However , a barrier to Africa 's industrialization that is not often talked about is the mindset of private sector leaders -- both in and outside Africa . Many are still indulging in the same historical rent-seeking attitudes that have resulted in the short-terms gains of crude , cocoa and gold sales . More business leaders need to change their thinking and understand that short-term revenue gains -- as opposed to long-term value addition -- offer little or no contribution to sustainable economic growth . We are now seeing a new style of African business leader emerging -- leaders who are building , investing , growing for Africa 's future . It is their efforts which will provide the jobs and income which will have the biggest impact on tackling poverty and driving wider social progress . Africa 's private sector must take the lead in improving coordination between farmers , growers , processors , and exporters ; in increasing competitiveness in the value chain , and ensuring the price , quality , and standards that market demands are met . Read this : How Africa 's natural resources can lift millions out of poverty We need to see national and regional champions created and supported , and help foster effective collaboration between public and private sector and the development world . This is the essence of the emerging economic philosophy called Africapitalism , a private sector led partnership mode focused on Africa 's development . We have already seen real progress on the continent . Ethiopia 's leather industry is not only developing fast but is also increasing high-value-added activities . South Africa and Egypt are making similar strides . In Ghana and Zambia , the cocoa and mining sectors have long contributed to wider socioeconomic growth . In East Africa , the success of Kenya 's fresh vegetable producers in adding value to their exports has been remarkable . But when Africa only sees some 10 % of the income from its own coffee crop , we can see that much work still needs to be done . Africa now has the chance , as never before , to shape its own economic future through industrialization . This will help to spread prosperity throughout the continent . An industrialized Africa will also provide a much-needed new driver of global growth . It is in everyone 's interest that Africa succeeds . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carlos Lopes and Tony Elumelu .	Natural resources are driving rapid growth in many African countries Abundant resources can drive industry on the continent , say two experts Governments should tackle inequality and lay framework for supportive policies New style of business leaders is emerging , building and investing in Africa 's future
CNN  -- Should college athletes at least be paid the same minimum wage as the students who usher at their games or sell refreshments to fans ? A former University of Houston soccer player thinks so , and is suing hundreds of Division 1 universities and the NCAA , comparing collegiate athletics to work-study programs and seeking to get minimum wage payment for athletes . It 's just the latest of a handful of pay-for-play lawsuits now before federal courts . "  Work-study participants who sell programs or usher at athletic events are paid , on average , $ 9.03 an hour , " states the lawsuit , filed in federal court in Indiana . "  But student athletes whose performance creates such student jobs in the athletic department are paid nothing . " Samantha Sackos , who played for the University of Houston from 2010 to 2014 , filed the suit and claims she is owed back pay under the Fair Labor Standards Act for the time she was "  employed " as "  an unpaid student athlete . " Students in work-study programs , her lawsuit says , are considered part-time employees who must be paid at least the federal minimum wage of $ 7.25 per hour . But athletes are n't afforded that pay . Instead , because of NCAA rules , their benefits are capped at the cost of a scholarship . Sackos ' lawsuit points out that students in work-study programs are routinely paid for their work . For example , the lawsuit says , on average , a wage of $ 10.44 is paid to students who provide tours on campus , $ 11.25 for food concession and counter attendants , and $ 14.11 for building and grounds cleaning . "  The  d  efendants have jointly agreed , and conspired , to deprive student athletes of lawfully earned , modest wages and of equal treatment under law , " wrote Philadelphia attorney Paul L. McDonald . The NCAA responded by saying it is "  evaluating the complaint , but disagree -LSB- s -RSB- that student-athletes are participating in athletics as employees . Student-athletes have a passion for their sport and a commitment to their teammates that ca n't be equated to punching a time clock . " Sackos is the latest athlete to sue the NCAA over pay-for-play issues . Her suit mirrors some of the issues raised by Northwestern University football players who took their school to labor court to establish that they were employees of the university with the right to unionize and make demands . A judge with the National Labor Relations Board agreed that they were employees after hearing testimony about the tight controls kept on student athletes and the emphasis on sport over academics . That ruling is being appealed by Northwestern . "  Student athletes perform longer , more rigorous hours -- nearer full time , " Sackos ' lawsuit reads . They are "  subject to stricter , more exacting supervision " and "  confer as many , if not more , tangible and intangible benefits on NCAA Division I Member Schools . " Sackos ' suit might also be helped by another legal victory for student athletes : the recent federal court verdict in favor of former UCLA player Ed O'Bannon , who sued the NCAA over the use of his likeness and image . A judge in that case ruled that the NCAA 's ban on paying players is a violation of anti-trust law and as a result , starting in 2016 , schools can choose to pay athletes up to $ 5,000 per year for the use of their images . Another set of litigation is pending before the federal courts that seeks to eliminate the pay cap on college athletes , and make college sports more like the pros . The NCAA is fighting that suit , too . McDonald said Sackos , who is still a student and busy with classes and preparing for grad school , was n't available to talk about her lawsuit .	University of Houston student notes those who work at games are paid She says students who are playing the games should get paid , too Hers is the latest pay-for-play lawsuit now before federal courts
Beijing  CNN  -- "  Please excuse me , I ca n't talk about this . " Clunk ! The phone line goes dead . We had tried to get this British businessman to talk about the mysterious death of Neil Heywood . Heywood has emerged from the shadows to be a key link in a story of intrigue , mystery and betrayal that goes all the way to the inner sanctum of China 's secretive Communist Party . Heywood was found dead last November in his hotel room in the sprawling southwestern Chinese city of Chongqing . According to media reports , local authorities quickly ruled his cause of death as "  excessive alcohol use . " An autopsy was not performed , media reports said , and his body was cremated . Slowly , however , media reports are raising more uncomfortable questions about Heywood 's death . He was married to a Chinese woman and had business interests in the country . He moved in the orbit of a company known as Hakluyt and Co. , a British strategic information consultancy formed by former officers of the UK 's spy agency MI6 . Hakluyt has released a statement on Heywood , saying , "  We had a long history of advising Western companies on China and we are among those who sought  Heywood 's  advice . We are greatly saddened by his death . " Now , the British government is asking China to investigate Heywood 's death . "  Our embassy in Beijing and consulate general in Chongqing provided consular assistance to the family , as we would in any case involving a British national overseas , " the Foreign and Commonwealth Office said . "  We recently asked the Chinese authorities to investigate the case further after we heard suggestions that there were suspicious circumstances . " Heywood 's family has denied comment . CNN has spoken to a man who says he knew Heywood , but who would not speak publicly because he was worried about his safety . He confirmed the dead man had business in China and said that for someone who supposedly died from an alcohol binge , in his experience Heywood was not a heavy drinker . Heywood 's death on its own -- a man linked to former spies , a light drinker dead from apparent alcohol poisoning -- would be suspicious enough . But this case has more -- much more . Heywood has been linked to the scandal and sacking of a man once seemingly destined for the heights of power in China . The rise and fall of China 's Bo Xilai Bo Xilai is what is known as a "  princeling , " the son of a Maoist-era revolutionary hero . Bo rose through China 's political ranks and was appointed Communist Party secretary of Chongqing , a city of more than 30 million people . He quickly became known as an anti-crime crusader . Bo smashed criminal gangs and locked up corrupt businessmen . He won praise from locals , especially the poor . Migrant workers flocked to Chongqing seeking , and often finding , a better life . But Bo also made enemies . He relied heavily on Maoist slogans and revived cultural revolutionary songs . In a country embracing capitalism , Bo cultivated an image as "  redder than red . " Just last month , however , Bo 's career started to unravel . His right-hand man and former top cop Wang Lijun spectacularly sought refuge in an American consulate . China axes Bo Xilai from Chongqing after scandal Wang wanted asylum , apparently fearing for his life and allegedly holding incriminating information on his old boss . This is where Heywood re-enters the picture . The Wall Street Journal , quoting anonymous diplomatic sources close to the case , reports Wang clashed with Bo after raising his suspicions that Heywood had been poisoned . After leaving the U.S. consulate , Wang was taken away by state police and has not seen or heard from since . Less than two weeks ago , Bo was fired from his position , his career and ambitions to enter the politburo standing committee -- the nine men who run China -- shattered . Bo has not been seen in public since . In a year of political transition in China , with a new generation of leaders poised to inherit power , the Bo case has captivated the country . In the rowdy back streets of Chongqing locals gamble , drink and discuss Bo 's downfall . On a recent visit by CNN , they praised their former party boss . Some of them openly mocked Vice President Xi Jinping , the man likely to be China 's next supreme leader . "  This is a battle of the gods , not ordinary people , " said one old man , who has seen leaders and revolution come and go . But the gods who made the law in Chongqing are now themselves under investigation . Bo , the man who ran the criminals out of town , now finds himself ousted . And Heywood , found dead in a Chongqing hotel room , may still yet have a tale to tell .	Britain asks China to investigate the mysterious death of a businessman Neil Heywood was found dead in November in a Chinese hotel He had ties to a company formed by former officers of the UK 's spy agency The mystery is part of a story that goes to the inner sanctum of China 's Communist Party
Did police in Ferguson , Missouri , deliberately fire tear gas and rubber bullets at a television news crew Wednesday night ? Photos and videos from the Al Jazeera America camera crew were widely shared in the wake of Wednesday 's incident , which Al Jazeera called an "  egregious assault on freedom of the press that was clearly intended to have a chilling effect on our ability to cover this important story . " The images showed a tear gas canister exploding close to the Al Jazeera correspondent Ash-har Quraishi , who tried to shield himself from the smoke . Was it intentional ? Quraishi 's crew members seem to think so . "  We were clearly set up as press with a full live shot set-up , " producer Marla Cichowski said in an e-mail , responding to questions from CNN . "  As soon as  the  first bullet hit the car , we screamed out loud , ` We are press , ' ` This is the media . ' " Cichowski said there 's no way to know who ordered police to shoot in their direction . "  But they shined a huge floodlight at us before firing , and I can only imagine they could see what they were shooting at . " Sam Winslade , the videographer , said in another e-mail message that "  we were fired at from a police MRAP vehicle . " MRAP is shorthand for a Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle , something usually associated with war zones . The crew left their equipment where it was , and moved on foot to what they thought was a safer location . "  We sought shelter between houses , " Winslade said , and then they called 911 and Al Jazeera 's New York assignment desk . A little bit later , another MRAP vehicle approached the area where the crew was seeking shelter . "  We  a group of three  yelled out to the MRAP  that  we were press and we approached vehicle with hands visible , " Winslade said . "  They opened the back of the vehicle and ordered us inside . Whilst the doors were open and we were outside -- I do recall seeing ` SWAT type ' firearms pointed at us . We were helped aboard , and taken back to our vehicle . " On the way back , Winslade added , they passed what he believes was the MRAP vehicle that shot at them on their way out of the area . Heightening the confusion , the crew members did not know which police force fired the tear gas and rubber bullets , nor which police force picked them up and drove them back to their vehicle . On Thursday morning , a representative of the St. Charles County Sheriff 's Department told The Wrap that its SWAT team did not fire the tear gas , but did pick up the crew later . Ferguson Mayor Jay Knowles told CNN Thursday that the St. Louis County police have been "  in charge tactically since Sunday . " Another camera crew nearby , from the local television station and CNN affiliate KSDK , recorded what happened to the Al Jazeera crew . By Thursday morning , its pictures were being broadcast on CNN and other networks . The KSDK video showed police officers placing Al Jazeera 's lights and other equipment on the ground . But something happened in between the tear-gassing and the police interference with the equipment , Winslade said : Local residents came over to the camera position and "  played with the camera on the tripod . " Nothing was damaged , but Winslade 's account suggests that the police action might have been intended to deter residents from damaging the expensive equipment . Al Jazeera America , an offshoot of the Qatar-based international news network that recently marked its one-year anniversary , said in a statement that "  thankfully all three crew members are physically fine . " "  We believe that this situation must be investigated along with those involving our colleagues at other media outlets , " the network added . Two reporters were arrested at a McDonald 's restaurant near the site of a protest on Wednesday . Complete coverage on the Ferguson shooting and protests	The Al Jazeera crew said they identified themselves as journalists A videographer says tear gas , rubber bullets were fired from an armored vehicle Crew says police actions with TV equipment may have been effort to protect it
CNN  -- Benazir Bhutto , who was assassinated Thursday in Rawalpindi , was the first female prime minister of Pakistan and of any Islamic nation . She led Pakistan from 1988 to 1990 and again from 1993 to 1996 . Benazir Bhutto died Thursday after a suicide bombing at a political rally in Rawalpindi , Pakistan . Bhutto , 54 , spent eight years in self-imposed exile in Great Britain and Dubai after President Farooq Leghari dismissed her second administration amid accusations of corruption , intimidation of the judiciary , a breakdown of law and order , and undermining the justice system . She was found guilty of corruption and sentenced to five years in prison . The conviction was later overturned but she remained in exile until this year . She returned to Pakistan in October after President Pervez Musharraf signed an amnesty lifting corruption charges . Watch political history of Bhutto " In a September 26 interview on CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " Bhutto said she expected threats against her life as she prepared to lead a push for the restoration of democracy in Pakistan . "  After military dictatorship an anarchic situation developed , which the terrorists and Osama  bin Laden  have exploited , " she told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  They do n't want democracy , they do n't want me back , and they do n't believe in women governing nations , so they will try to plot against me . "  But these are risks that must be taken . I 'm prepared to take them , " she said . Bhutto narrowly escaped injury on October 18 when a suicide bombing near her convoy in Karachi killed 126 people . "  Soon thereafter , I was asked by authorities not to travel in cars with tinted windows -- which protected me from identification by terrorists -- or travel with privately armed guards , " she wrote for CNN.com in November . "  I began to feel the net was being tightened around me when police security outside my home in Karachi was reduced , even as I was told that other assassination plots were in the offing . " "  I decided not to be holed up in my home , a virtual prisoner , " she wrote . "  I went to my ancestral village of Larkana to pray at my father 's grave . Everywhere , the people rallied around me in a frenzy of joy . I feel humbled by their love and trust . " Musharraf declared a state of emergency and placed Bhutto under house arrest twice in November as anti-government rallies grew in Rawalpindi . The arrest warrant was lifted November 16 . She filed a nomination paper for a parliamentary seat on November 25 and appeared headed for a power showdown with Musharraf before she was assassinated Thursday . See a timeline of Bhutto 's political career " Bhutto was the daughter of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , former president and prime minister of Pakistan , who was hanged in 1979 for the murder of a political opponent two years after he was ousted as prime minister in a military coup . Benazir Bhutto was the de facto leader of her father 's Pakistan People 's Party . Her brother , Murtaza , was killed along with six others in a 1996 shootout with police at his home . Another brother , Shahnawaz , died mysteriously in France in 1985 . "  I know the past is tragic , but I 'm an optimist by nature , " Bhutto told Blitzer in September . "  I put my faith in the people of Pakistan , I put my faith in God . I feel that what I am doing is for a good cause , for a right cause -- to save Pakistan from extremists and militants and to build regional security . "  I know the danger is out there , but I 'm prepared to take those risks . " Benazir Bhutto earned degrees from Radcliffe College and Oxford University and received an honorary degree from Harvard University in 1989 . She leaves her husband of 20 years , Asif Ali Zardari , two daughters and a son . Bhutto 's husband issued a statement Thursday from his home in Dubai saying , "  All I can say is we 're devastated , it 's a total shock . " President Bush , on his ranch in Crawford , Texas , said Bhutto "  refused to allow assassins to dictate the course of her country . " "  We stand with the people of Pakistan in their struggle against the forces of terror and extremism , " Bush said . "  We urge them to honor Benazir Bhutto 's memory by continuing with the democratic process for which she so bravely gave her life . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Bush : Bhutto "  refused to allow assassins to dictate the course of her country " Bhutto was first female prime minister of a Muslim country Bhutto survived assassination attempt in October Her father , a former prime minister , was hanged in 1979
CNN  -- Despite not kicking a ball , Arsenal were the biggest winners on Wednesday night as Chelsea drew 2-2 with Tottenham Hotspur in a game that football fans almost forgot . This was the game in hand that both Chelsea and Spurs had long seen as decisive in their bid to finish in the Premier League 's top four and so secure Champions League qualification -- but the long-awaited fixture was all but ignored for large parts of Wednesday . The news earlier in the day that Sir Alex Ferguson was to step down as Manchester United manager after nearly 27 years in the job dominated the minds of football followers who would otherwise have been focusing on a decisive clash in West London . As if to underline the point , both Chelsea boss Rafa Benitez and Spurs manager Andre Villas-Boas found their usual pre-match interviews sidetracked by their thoughts on the Scot , who has amassed 38 trophies during his time with United . Despite their differences over the years , Ferguson 's long-standing rival Benitez -- who used to manage United 's traditional rivals Liverpool -- was magnanimous in his praise for the 71-year-old . "  I have always liked to compete against him as a manager , " the Spaniard , who may go down in history as the last coach to beat Ferguson following Chelsea 's 1-0 win at Old Trafford on Sunday , told Sky Sports television . "  As a person , I wish him health in his retirement and I hope he enjoys his football in a different way . " Meanwhile , the Portuguese Villas-Boas , who was returning to his former club , said the EPL had lost one of its "  most charismatic managers " and "  the reference point in terms of coaches and being a successful manager " . Shortly after , it was back to work for the pair as both sides continued to work on the final chapters of a thrilling race to see who will secure a coveted Champions League berth for next season . Hosts Chelsea knew that victory would all but guarantee them a place in the competition , which they won last year , while fifth-placed Spurs needed the three points to climb above great rivals Arsenal to ensure that their Champions League destiny is in their own hands . Nonetheless , the draw played out best for the Gunners -- their 67 points one better than Spurs ' tally -- with Arsenal knowing that victories in their remaining fixtures against Wigan  home  and Newcastle  away  will guarantee them a top-four finish . Chelsea , who travel to Aston Villa on Saturday before finishing at home against Everton , started the Stamford Bridge clash the brighter , taking an early lead when the Brazilian Oscar converted Gary Cahill 's flick-on from a tenth-minute corner . The Blues continued to pour forward but were undone after 26 minutes when Emmanuel Adebayor , who has found goals hard to come by , ran 50 yards unchallenged before curling home from outside the area for his third Premier League strike of the season . Ramires restored Chelsea 's lead shortly before half-time as he finished off a sweeping move and the same player had the chance to kill off Spurs ' Champions League hopes in the second half only to slip at the crucial moment after being teed up by Juan Mata . With just 10 minutes left , substitute Gylfi Sigurdsson leveled for the visitors after a cute Adebayor backheel but despite a late free-kick from Gareth Bale , Spurs had to settle for a draw that may ultimately seem disappointing . "  It was good to get the point , " Villas-Boas said later . "  We have to do our job and hope that somebody else slips up . The Premier League is absolutely unpredictable and hopefully it can fall our way . " His side play at Stoke on Sunday before hosting Sunderland on 19 May , the final day of the EPL season , and are likely to need two victories to sneak into the Champions League places . Such matters are of course trivial for Ferguson , who steered United to the Premier League title -- the 13th of his reign -- in his final season in charge , so securing yet another crack at Europe 's best clubs for the three-time continental champions . In Spain 's La Liga , Real Madrid ensured that leaders Barcelona must wait a little while longer before sealing the championship . Jose Mourinho 's side thrashed nine-man Malaga 6-2 at the Bernabeu to reach 80 points for the season , eight behind Barca with only three games now left for Madrid . Barcelona have a game in hand over their closest rivals  and defending champions  , who shared their goals between six players -- with Cristiano Ronaldo , who missed a penalty , inevitably among those on the scoresheet . Arguably the biggest news of the night came with the publication of the team line-ups , with defender Pepe - who has fallen out with Mourinho - absent from the squad . "  Pepe 's absence is the decision of the manager , " Raul Albiol , who replaced the Portuguese and opened the scoring , told Canal Plus . "  What we have to do is work and be united . We have three weeks left until the end of the season and we need to work until the end . " Earlier in the evening , Atletico Madrid guaranteed their place in next season 's Champions League with a 3-1 win over Celta Vigo - a result that means they will finish the season in the top three . The same reward for a hard season was achieved by Napoli in Italy , who secured the Serie A runner-up when beating Bologna 3-0 . Edinson Cavani stretched his lead atop the scoring charts to 27 goals as Napoli ensured they can no longer be caught by AC Milan , who sunk Pescara 4-0 to stay in the Champions League hunt . Massimiliano Allegri 's side face a nervous last two games of the season , at home to Roma and away to Siena , as they try to beat Fiorentina to third place in Italy , which guarantees a qualifying place in Europe 's premier club competition .	Chelsea draw 2-2 at home to Spurs in English Premier League Blues stay third with 69 points , two more than Arsenal with fifth-placed Spurs on 66 Real Madrid win keeps Barca 's title celebrations on hold
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Japan is often called a land of contradictions , and that 's why CNN correspondent Kyung Lah loves working in Tokyo . "  It 's incredibly proper and restrained but then has the most outlandish behavior  at times  I 've ever seen , " Lah said . "  That contradiction means endless material for me as a news reporter . " Lah has been in Tokyo for two years , and the otherworldly feeling of living in Japan has yet to fade . " -LSB- Visitors -RSB- will most assuredly feel like they 've landed on another planet , " she said . The mix of ancient and very stylish , modern culture is fascinating to see . "  Visitors will find an electric , hip energy all over Japan , amid an incredibly ancient world . Everything 's either 400 years old or brand new , " Lah said . CNN.com asked Lah to share some of her best tips for Tokyo visitors . Where can you get the best view of the city ? Hmmm , I 'd say for families , you go to the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building in Shinjuku . It 's free and a great view . I 'd say if you 're on a date , the lobby bar at the Ritz at Tokyo Midtown or the New York Grill in Shinjuku are your best nighttime/drink/view spots . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? I 'm really low-brow . ... I love Popeye 's Beer Club . It 's super festive and very , very fun . My hubby and I love beer .  Read a review  . Where is the best place to people watch ? Harajuku , by far . That 's the fashion district , and you 'll see some fun and hip fashions that never make it into the fashion magazines . I actually saw a woman wearing a hot pink bra as a hat . And it looked good . What is your favorite neighborhood ? Shibuya . I love how young and hip it is and that it 's super vibrant . I am a fan of historical Japan , but there ai n't nothing like the hip lights of Shibuya to get me excited . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? That it 's crowded . It IS crowded , but it does n't feel as crowded as Manhattan , because everything is so orderly . Everyone walks in an orderly manner as well ! Where do you go to relax ? The snowboarding slopes . I 'm not much of a spa girl . I like to get out and have fun to relax . I like Gala  it 's less than a hour away from Tokyo via bullet train  . What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? Tsukiji Fish Market . At 5:30 a.m. , the tuna auction begins . Then eat sushi for breakfast at Daiwa Sushi Bar , and you 've done one of my favorite mornings in Tokyo . What 's the biggest tourist trap ? Is there a "  tourist trap " that 's actually worth seeing ? See above . ... Tsukiji is a tourist trap , but it 's worth it . It 's a little hard to get to , so you do n't get too bombarded ; do n't sweat it too much . I 'd say skip the Tokyo Tower . I have no idea why people think it 's cool . Where was your most memorable meal ? Daiwa Sushi in Tsukiji . Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? Anywhere in Shibuya . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? Sushi conveyor belt meal . ... You sit by the conveyor belt and grab sushi as it rolls by . What is a good local souvenir ? Temple omiyagi , which is a temple souvenir . They sell little "  good luck " charms that are written in Japanese . They 're pretty , cheap and fun .	Juxtaposition of old and new , proper and outlandish , makes Japan fascinating CNN correspondent Kyung Lah has lived and worked in Tokyo for two years She says Tsukiji Fish Market is not to be missed Vibrant area of Shibuya is Lah 's favorite place to spend an evening out
CNN  -- Afghan civilians were killed in U.S. airstrikes during fighting this week in western Afghanistan , local officials and the Red Cross said . Villagers pray at a mass grave this week after an airstrike in Afghanistan 's Farah province . The reports come as concerns mount over noncombatant casualties in the war against the Taliban . But the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan said the U.S. military suspects the incident started when Taliban militants entered the area and beheaded three civilians . And another senior U.S. military official said Taliban militants may have killed as many as 15 civilians with grenades and then paraded their shrapnel-riddled bodies through villages in western Afghanistan . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday she "  deeply regrets " the loss of civilian lives but pointed out "  we do n't know all of the circumstances " and promised an investigation . Afghan officials have said that a number of civilians died Tuesday during U.S. airstrikes on villages in Farah Province . The International Committee of the Red Cross said in a news release that its "  impression was that dozens of people , including women and children , had been killed . " The ICRC workers were told that some of the dead had already been buried by the time they arrived on the scene . "  We are deeply concerned by these events , " Reto Stocker , the ICRC 's head of delegation in Kabul , Afghanistan , said in a statement . "  We know that those killed included an Afghan Red Crescent volunteer and 13 members of his family who had been sheltering from fighting in a house that was bombed in an airstrike . " But U.S. officials believe the Taliban deliberately engineered a ground attack against Afghan and U.S. forces , expecting the United States would call in airstrikes . They said the Taliban were then prepared to kill the civilians . A senior U.S. military official said there was "  very reliable intelligence " that Taliban fighters rounded up three families , including women and children , and killed them with grenades . The official would not allow his name to be used because a preliminary investigation into the matter is ongoing and no conclusions have been reached . Their bodies , shrapnel wounds visible , were then put into the backs of trucks and driven through the area in an effort to convince villagers that the U.S. military operation had killed them . The official said he did not know who drove the trucks -- other Taliban or local Afghans forced into duty . "  No one is disputing people died , it 's how they died , " the official said . "  What we do have is strong evidence to support that a number of women and children were killed by the Taliban and their bodies were driven by locals as evidence of U.S. bombing , " the official said . Some Afghan civilians may have been killed or wounded before the airstrikes during ground fighting between the Taliban and Afghanistan and U.S. forces , the official said . But the military 's investigation found no evidence of large-scale civilian deaths resulting from the airstrikes themselves , despite the claims from Afghan officials and the Red Cross . U.S. military investigators found no evidence of human remains in any of the four bomb craters it examined , the official said . The news comes as Afghan President Hamid Karzai visits Washington this week . Karzai and his Pakistani counterpart , President Asif Ali Zardari , are talking with key congressional leaders and policymakers ahead of meetings with President Obama and Clinton . Speaking in Washington , Clinton -- flanked by Karzai and Zardari -- said the United States and Afghanistan will jointly investigate the airstrike and its aftermath . She said Washington already has sent a team of investigators to the region . The ICRC team found dozens of dead bodies in two villages , spokeswoman Jessica Barry in Kabul , told CNN . The increase of international troops in Afghanistan has raised a concern that fighting will intensify and civilians will face greater risks of getting hurt , she said . "  It 's all sides who need to respect the civilians , " Barry said . "  And this is the message we pass to all the armed forces , to the international forces , to the Taliban , to the armed opposition . " CNN 's Barbara Starr and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : Taliban used grenades , paraded bodies through villages , official says NEW : U.S. believes Taliban planned attack expecting U.S. to call in airstrikes Civilians killed in U.S. airstrikes in Afghanistan , Red Cross says News of strike comes as Afghan president visiting Washington for talks
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Protesters of a tuition hike at University of California campuses stood their ground into Friday night , with 41 demonstrators at UC Berkeley cited for trespassing after their takeover of a campus building . Nearly 100 protesters at UC campuses have been arrested over the past two days in the demonstrations over a 32 percent tuition increase . The demonstrators , students and nonstudents alike , were cited for trespassing , spokeswoman Claire Holmes told CNN . Holmes said those arrested would be cited and released rather than taken to jail , per agreement with student leaders . Three students were arrested earlier at Berkeley in the wake of protests across several campuses that have shaken up the University of California system a day after officials approved a tuition increase to be enacted over the next two school years . University officials said the $ 505 million to be raised by the tuition increases is needed to prevent even deeper cuts than those already made because of California 's persistent financial crisis . Protesting students said the hike will hurt working and middle-class students who benefit from state-funded education . The first tuition hike , which takes effect in January , will raise undergraduate tuition to $ 8,373 . The second hike kicks in next fall , raising tuition to $ 10,302 , said university spokeswoman Leslie Sepuka . Students who live on campus could pay up to an estimated $ 17,200 in additional fees that include the annual cost of books and housing , according to the system 's July 2008 finance guide . The January increase of about 15 percent is more than double the average public university tuition hike last year . On average , tuition and fees at four-year public universities nationwide increased 6.5 percent , or to $ 7,020 , since the previous school year , according to data from College Board . Students eligible for financial aid and whose families make under $ 70,000 will have their tuition covered , the university said . Caitlin Lawrence Toombs , a UCLA student , told CNN she 'd have to request additional loans to pay for school and that with her brother starting at Berkeley soon the cost would place a heavier burden on her family . She , too , participated in the student outcries against the increase , she said . And many other students had yet to back down Friday . On the Santa Cruz campus -- where building occupations began last week with a library sit-in -- about 100 students staged a sit-in in the second-floor lobby of Kerr Hall soon after hearing the tuition hike had been approved , according to UC Santa Cruz Provost David Kliger . Many remained there Friday afternoon . The demonstrators made demands , Kliger said without listing them . They would not keep exits clear and broke into some parts of the building , he said , adding they are trespassing and could be arrested . In addition , the students could face suspension or expulsion . "  We cherish the principle of free speech , " Kliger said . "  Regrettably , these actions go well beyond that . " At UC Berkeley on Friday morning , students occupied the second floor of Wheeler Hall , UC Berkeley spokeswoman Janet Gilmore said . Campus police broke through a barricaded of furniture and office equipment on the ground floor and arrested three students , she said . The protesters demanded the reinstatement of 38 custodial staff members recently laid off , according to a Berkeley news release . The demonstrators also asked for amnesty and for a drop of charges against any protesters . Are you there ? Share your images , video An additional 250 demonstrators remained outside Wheeler Hall into the night , according to Holmes . Authorities arrested dozens of angry students on the campus late Thursday after they refused to vacate the school 's administration building . The 52 students were taken into custody by the Davis Police Department and deputies from the Yolo County Sheriff 's Department , according to Claudia Morain , a UC Davis spokeswoman . The arrests at Mrak Hall , the campus ' main administration building , came about four hours after the normal 5 p.m. PT  8 p.m. ET  closing time . At one point , as many as 150 students were at the building protesting the tuition increase , Morain said . UCLA 's Campbell Hall was occupied for several hours Thursday evening , a school spokesman said . The takeover was not planned or sanctioned by the main protest organizer -- the United State Student Association , according to USSA representative Gabby Madriz . The same building was briefly occupied Wednesday night by several dozen student protesters , according to a UCLA news release . The building was the site of the 1969 shooting deaths of two Black Panther Party members during an internal dispute , according to the release . The UCLA campus was the scene of the largest and loudest demonstrations Thursday . "  We 're fired up . Ca n't take it no more , " students chanted as they marched and waved signs at UCLA . "  Education only for the rich , " one sign read . Some faculty members and campus workers -- worried about furloughs and layoffs to come -- joined the protesting students . "  Stop cuts in education and research , " a sign carried by a teacher said . After the regents voted , students rushed to parking decks to stage a sit-in to block regents ' vehicles from leaving . Campus police and California Highway Patrol officers in riot gear stood nearby . As one regent member walked out , students lining his path shouted , "  Shame on you , shame on you . " The situation ended without incident as students gradually left the scene . University executives told the regents the fee hikes are needed because they 've already made deep spending cuts in the past two years -- cuts forced by the state budget . About 26 percent of the $ 20 billion spent each year by the system comes from the state 's general fund coupled with tuition and fees paid by students , according to a summary on the regent 's Web site . The fee increases are to be balanced by a raise in "  the level of financial assistance for needy low - and middle-income students , " according to a statement from the Board of Regents . The tuition hike is expected to raise $ 505 million for the university system , and about $ 175 million of that money is to go toward student financial aid , the board said . CNN 's Alan Duke , Augie Martin , Greg Morrison and Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report .	NEW : Nearly 100 have been arrested at UC campuses over the past two days NEW : 41 demonstrators at Berkeley cited for trespassing after taking over building Higher-ed students across California have been protesting a 32 percent tuition hike University officials say fee hikes needed since they 've already made deep spending cuts
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Anna Loginova was , for many Russians , a feminine icon -- bridging the glamorous world of modeling and the murky depths of Russian crime . Anna Loginova is photographed in one of her last shoots for the Russian edition of Maxim magazine . But this week , the stunning Loginova became a victim of the criminals she made sure could not get to her millionaire clients . She was killed trying to stop a thief stealing her own car on a busy Moscow street . As a glamour model , 29-year-old Loginova often appeared on the covers of Russian magazines , scantily clad . She fronted advertisements for high-profile brands in Russia , like the German carmaker BMW . But behind the glossy images , Loginova had another profession : She was an experienced bodyguard , trained in martial arts , commanding high prices to protect Russia 's wealthy elite . One notable client was Russian boxer Kostya Tszyu . Watch editor describe how she never had fear " Having a female bodyguard is more than just a status symbol in Russia . Industry insiders say women bodyguards are not recognizable and , thus , allowed to sit at tables with their clients during dinners and other events -- unlike their male peers who are usually forced to wait in the lobby . Those who knew Loginova say she was passionate about her double life , saying she saw no contradiction between her femininity and her dangerous job as a bodyguard . "  She was kind and sweet , not like a terminator , not like Sigourney Weaver in ` Aliens , ' " said Igor Cherski , editor of Maxim magazine 's Russian edition , which commissioned her last glamour shoot . "  But I feel that she was not afraid of anything . There was no fear in her eyes , " he added . It seems that fearlessness may have gotten her killed . On a busy street in southeastern Moscow on Sunday night , police say they recovered her battered body after she tried to prevent her Porsche Cayenne from being stolen -- clinging on to the high-end SUV as it sped away . The vehicle was later found abandoned . "  According to eyewitnesses , an intruder just threw her out of the car , " explains Oleg Pavlov , a special police investigator in charge of the investigation . "  She grabbed the door handle , but when the car took off and picked up speed , she let go . " No one has been arrested in connection with the killing . Russian media have been giving the killing prominent coverage , with witnesses expressing their shock that this kind of crime could happen . But luxury car theft in Moscow is not uncommon , and Loginova herself was no stranger to it . In her last magazine interview , she described how she foiled another carjacking just four months ago as she parked her car outside a flashy Moscow fashion boutique . "  So while I was closing my car , a guy of 30 years old or slightly older jumped on me , " Loginova said . "  So I did a jujitsu move -- I bent his hand that grabbed mine , and struck him in the face with my elbow . It was a total surprise for him . "  As he was leaning back covering his face , I pulled a pistol from my bag and aimed it at him . He obviously realized that was no joke , " she said . "  Then a car immediately pulled up nearby , something like a Honda , a dark car , and he jumped into it . And I still stood there with my pistol . I was actually spooked too . " That experience apparently emboldened Loginova to defend her car for a second time . But she was overwhelmed . Even the formidable skills of Russia 's most famous -- and glamorous -- bodyguard could n't save her . E-mail to a friend	Russian model-and-bodyguard killed in Moscow during carjacking Editor : "  I feel that she was not afraid of anything " In last interview , she said she smashed would-be carjacker in face four months ago
CNN  -- "  Sehwag , go back to Ranji ! " The jingoistic crowd was screaming when the portly batsman Virender Sehwag was dismissed in the game between the Rajasthan Royals and Delhi Daredevils in an Indian Premier League  IPL  semi-final game in 2008 . That Sehwag was one of India 's leading players of the decade apparently did n't matter . The spectators were delivering their ultimate insult : Telling him to go back to the staid version of the Indian domestic circuit , the Ranji Trophy . The crowd IPL attracted was different from the traditional Anglophile test cricket fan . They were raucous , participative and young . They were happy to see legends succeed , and happier to see them fail if they played for rival teams . The fans were united -- and partisan . Six years after that inaugural edition , the world 's top cricket players have once again been put up for sale in the annual IPL auction . The auction is the televised sale of cricket players to IPL franchises through an open bidding process . This year 's auction is marked by rule changes which "  nudge " teams into buying players from other teams rather than retain existing squads . The league has exploded into a brand estimated to be worth more than $ 3 billion , negotiating huge deals with TV and sponsors and getting the force of India 's huge fan base behind it . The IPL 's rapid rise has not been without hiccups . As the auction gets under way a high profile report on match fixing suggests a deep rot in Indian cricket overall and the IPL in particular . But , as fans debate whether even average players should be paid more than 200 times the average Indian 's annual income for less than 20 hours of "  real " work , it is worth considering how the IPL became such a force in world sport . To do that , we need to step back more than 160 years . In 1850 , cricket was much bigger than baseball in parts of the United States . Newspapers in New York and Philadelphia reported cricket more often than baseball . The moment was right for a great England-U.S. cricketing rivalry , but cricket then was run with a more imperial mind-set , and Britain 's colonies and dominions such as Australia , New Zealand and the West Indies were more compliant territories to establish the game . Then AG Spalding , a leading baseball pitcher of the 1870s , spotted the gap in the U.S. market for a people 's ball game . He positioned baseball as a "  made in America " game . In doing so , he relegated cricket into a colonial relic and launched a sporting empire . And so , for decades , America snubbed cricket . Then , just a few years ago , the sport started morphing into something distinctly American . In 2006 Andrew Wildblood , from sports marketing group IMG , and Lalit Modi , a scion of the Godfrey Philips cigarette empire , realized that the game of test cricket had one problem : length . To be precise , five days in the sun . Even the one-day game lasts more than six hours , which is about three times the attention span of young India . Modi and Wildblood would have known that a shorter game would attract more fans , and began developing a proposal based on this . The shorter , Twenty20 structure had already being trialled successfully around the world . Each side would get only twenty overs or 120 legitimate deliveries to play . However the Board of Cricket Control in India  BCCI  , the world 's biggest cricket "  market , " resisted the new format . But Modi understood that eyeballs , not duration of game , would determine advertising revenue . He then single-handedly took an English game and single-mindedly Americanized it for a new India . Modi , a U.S. college graduate , understood the NFL , the NBA and Major League Baseball , and applied his insights to the new project . This led to his meteoric rise in Indian cricket in the hierarchy , followed by a fall from grace . But how did he overcome resistance from BCCI ? It was set on its path to success in 2007 , when media house Zee Entertainment Enterprises launched a rival Twenty20 league , called the Indian Cricket League . This forced BCCI into the arms of Modi as they tried to compete . Other factors played also into the IPL 's success , including timing . The league was launched just after a rookie Indian team unexpectedly won the World Twenty20 Cup in 2007 in South Africa . The younger generation of fans could relate to this game and to the new stars easily . Modi 's IPL business model was conceived using the proven American sports franchise model . The tactics included copying the NFL Draft with the IPL auction , cheerleaders and plenty of timeouts for advertising . Like the Superbowl , Modi embraced showbiz . Katy Perry performed at one of the opening ceremonies . To this "  Made in America " mix , Modi added Bollywood . For years , cinema and cricket had been the principal forms of escapism for Indians . By having film stars involved in the league either as owners or ambassadors , the IPL was to provide a double dose of escapism at one shot . In another savvy move , star players were allocated to specific franchises , ensuring they were identifiably "  Indian , " while international cricketers created a global feel . Franchisee owners were in ferocious competition , leading to a disproportionate investment in players and marketing . Finally , there was luck . In the inaugural game , New Zealander Brendon McCullum played one of the greatest Twenty20 innings , and the nation was hooked . The IPL energized cricket in India . It is unabashedly capitalist , has brought a new generation of fans to the game and brought financial windfalls to players . However , like an unregulated banking industry , it is now in a race against its own inability to set and implement ground rules on ethics , codes of conduct and self-discipline . Whether it will be remembered as cricket 's greatest party or its biggest hangover will depend on how fast the administrators can convince fans and media that the games they are watching are clean . Meanwhile , as the IPL franchises compete in an open market for players this week , it is also time to reflect whether the auction is confirmation that cricket 's soul is now no longer English but American . READ MORE : Kevin Pietersen 's international career over READ MORE : When cricket took on apartheid in South Africa READ MORE : The day Sachin Tendulkar retired	The Indian Premier League has exploded into a brand estimated to be worth more than $ 3 billion The IPL 's rise is in part due to its Americanized style -- but has not been without hiccups To understand how big the league became , one has to go back through history Now , it is time to reflect whether cricket 's soul is now no longer English , but American
Samalut , Egypt  CNN  -- A policeman fatally shot a Christian man and wounded five other Christians Tuesday in an attack on a train in Egypt , officials said . The incident occurred at about 5 p.m. when a man walked onto the train , which was stopped in the station at Samalut , about 200 kilometers south of Cairo , said Maryanne Nabil Thaki , 29 , one of the victims . She said she was seated with her sister , Maggie Nabil Thaki , 25 , their 52-year-old mother , Sabah Sinot Suleiman , and Maggie 's fiance , 26-year-old Ehab Ashraf Kamal . They were en route to Cairo to buy an engagement ring , Maggie Thaki said . Seated near them was an older Christian couple , Maryanne Nabil Thaki said . The gunman walked up and down the length of the train , then walked back to two groups of people who were seated near each other and were both Coptic Christians , she told a reporter at the Good Shepherd Hospital in Samalut , where she was being treated for gunshot wounds to the leg and the chest . The man said in Arabic , "  There is no God but God , " and opened fire , she said . The shooter fled the train , but was captured later , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry said . The suspect , a deputy policeman , was identified as Amer Ashoor Abdel-Zaher Hassan . He boarded the train in Asiut and was en route to Bani Mazar , Menya province , where he works . The older man , Fathi Saeed Ebaid , 71 , of Cairo , was killed , a local security source told the state-run Egyptian news agency MENA . His wife , Emily Hannah Tedly , 61 , was in critical condition , as was the mother of the two younger women , said Dr. Petra Kamal . All five were to be flown to Cairo for further treatment , a hospital employee said . In front of the hospital , about a dozen Copts demonstrated in support of the victims but were dispersed by police who fired a tear gas canister that broke through a fifth-floor hospital window , said hospital employee Mina Farouk . The attack comes 10 days after a bombing killed 23 Coptic Christians outside the Church of the Two Saints in Alexandria , Egypt , an attack that unnerved Christians and led to increased security . Relations between the Christian minority and Muslim majority within Egypt have been tense since that New Year 's Day bombing . Those troubles were evident last Friday -- the day Coptic Christians , who follow the Julian calendar , celebrate Christmas -- when police staged a large-scale security operation outside the same church . In a show of solidarity , some Egyptian Muslims attended the Christmas services . Still , protests have erupted almost nightly in many Christian areas of Egypt since the bombing . Egyptian authorities have released a sketch of a man they think was the suicide bomber in the church attack . The Interior Ministry used forensic technology to re-create the face . About 9 percent of Egypt 's 80 million residents are Coptic Christians . They base their theology on the teachings of the Apostle Mark , who introduced Christianity to Egypt , according to St. Takla Church in Alexandria , the capital of Coptic Christianity . The religion is known for its rift with other Christians in the fifth century over the definition of the divinity of Jesus Christ . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Housam Ahmed and Amir Ahmed and Journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : Deputy policeman arrested in shootings Incident occurred Tuesday evening on a train south of Cairo Family was en route to Cairo to buy an engagement ring Relations between the Christian minority and Muslim majority within Egypt are tense
Three Americans detained in North Korea spoke out about their conditions and pleaded for U.S. help in interviews with CNN . Kenneth Bae , Matthew Todd Miller and Jeffrey Edward Fowle were presented to CNN 's Will Ripley at a Pyongyang hotel Monday . Each was given five minutes for an interview . All three men said they hope the U.S. government will send an envoy to North Korea to help get them out of their situations , similar to how former President Bill Clinton helped secure the release of two journalists in 2009 . Bae , who is serving a 15-year prison sentence for "  hostile acts to bring down its government , " said he is working eight hours a day , six days a week at a labor camp . North Korea claimed Bae was part of a Christian plot to overthrow the regime . "  Right now what I can say to my friends and family is , continue to pray for me , " he said . Despite what he called "  hard labor , " Bae said he has been treated "  as humanely as possible . " Miller , who is accused of tearing up his tourist visa and seeking asylum upon entry , implored the U.S. government for help during his interview . He said he wanted to tell the United States that "  my situation is very urgent , that very soon I am going to trial , and I would directly be sent to prison . " He said he will not learn of his charges until he goes to trial . Fowle , an American tourist accused of leaving a Bible in a hotel where he was staying , said he has "  no complaints " about his treatment . "  It 's been very good so far , and I hope and pray that it continues , while I 'm here two more days or two more decades , " he said . All three men said they have signed statements admitting their guilt . North Korean officials monitored and recorded all three interviews , and CNN was unable to assess independently the conditions under which the men were being held . U.S. National Security Council spokesman Patrick Ventrell said Monday that securing the Americans ' release "  is a top priority and we have followed these cases closely in the White House . We continue to do all we can to secure their earliest possible release . " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said , "  There is no greater priority for us than the welfare and safety of U.S. citizens abroad . "  Out of humanitarian concern for Jeffrey Fowle , Matthew Miller , and their families , we request the DPRK release them so they may return home , " Psaki said , using the initials for North Korea 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . "  We also request the DPRK pardon Kenneth Bae and grant him special amnesty and immediate release so he may reunite with his family and seek medical care . We continue to work actively to secure these three U.S. citizens ' release . " The Swedish Embassy in Pyongyang acts as the "  protecting power for issues involving U.S. citizens in North Korea , " and the United States is in "  regular , close coordination " with the embassy , she said . Swedish representatives visited Fowle on June 20 , Miller on May 9 and June 21 , and Bae 12 times since his detention , most recently on August 11 in a labor camp , Psaki said . Surprise meetings The circumstances leading up to the CNN interviews were bizarre . A CNN team was on a government tour about two hours outside Pyongyang when it learned it had to leave immediately to meet with a high-level government official in the capital . The crew boarded a van to a secret location , where it found out the meeting was with the three Americans . Bae 's family has been pushing for his release due to his worsening health . The 46-year-old suffers from diabetes and high blood pressure and has kidney stones . "  I 've been going back and forth between hospital and to the labor camp for the last year and a half , " Bae told Ripley on Monday . He said his health has "  been failing " over the past 1 1/2 months . "  My hands are numb and tingling , and it 's difficult sleeping at night , and I was working in the field every day , " Bae said . U.S. officials have repeatedly called on North Korea to release Bae but to no avail . Even former basketball star Dennis Rodman , who has visited North Korea and called its ruler Kim Jong Un a "  friend for life , " asked Kim to "  do me a solid and cut Kenneth Bae loose . " Terri Chung , Bae 's sister , told CNN on Monday the video was "  really difficult to watch " because her brother is generally "  full of life and very cheerful . ... It is clear from the video that he is under a lot of stress . And he talks about his health failing and being in complete isolation for almost two years . And it is devastating for our family to see that on TV . " But she told "  New Day " that "  I think he 's doing the best he can . ... Two years of being isolated and working in a labor camp , I know it is not easy . So I think you can see it is taking a toll both physically and mentally . " The U.S. government has been working "  behind the scenes to try to procure his release , and we are once again reiterating our thanks , but also too pleading with our government to continue their efforts to secure his release immediately , " she added , describing her brother as a "  hardworking father of three . " Chung later released a statement asking the North Korean authorities to have mercy . "  It is in your power to release my brother . You could do it today . Please do so . He has confessed to the crimes for which he has been charged , and he has served a longer detainment than any other American since the war , " Chung said . Miller : ' I deliberately committed my crime ' Dressed in a black turtleneck and often staring at the ground in his interview , Miller said he has admitted his guilt -- even though he wo n't learn of his charges until he goes to trial . "  But I will say that I prepared to violate the law of the DPRK before coming here , " Miller said . "  And I deliberately committed my crime . I have already admitted my guilt and apologized to the government of the DPRK and I have been asking for forgiveness . " When asked why he reportedly sought asylum in North Korea , Miller said he already discussed his motive during his investigation and that "  for the interview , it is not necessary . " He expressed frustration that "  there 's been no movement from my government . " "  The American government is known for having a strong policy of protecting its citizens , yet for my case there is still no movement , " he said . Fowle describes ` desperate situation ' North Korea announced Fowle 's detention in June , saying he had violated the law by acting "  contrary to the purpose of tourism . " "  The charges are violations of DPRK law , which stems from me trying to leave a Bible , " the 56-year-old told Ripley . "  It 's a covert act and a violation of tourists rules . I 've admitted my guilt to the government and signed a statement to that effect and requested forgiveness from the people and the government of the DPRK . " Fowle said he expects his trial to start within a month . "  You guys should convey my desperate situation , " he said . "  I 've got a wife and three elementary school-aged kids that depend on me for support . "	Kenneth Bae 's sister asks North Korean authorities to have mercy U.S. says Swedish reps have visited the three detained Americans since June All three men said they have signed statements admitting guilt North Korea monitors the interviews of Bae , Matthew Miller and Jeffrey Fowle
What would you do if you only had one day to live ? Probably not spend time downloading and fiddling with a mobile app , we 're guessing . But a new app , Sobrr , wants you to embrace life in just that way . It lets you create a social network geared toward meeting new people around you , sharing photos and videos of what you 're up to and supporting other users who are also living it up . Or whatever . Using GPS , Sobrr identifies other users close to you and shows them your posts . They may then "  cheer " or comment on those posts and , if both parties agree , they can become "  24-hour friends . " There 's an option for users who hit it off to make each other permanent parts of their network . The kicker is that , anything you do using the app is totally erased after 24 hours . Texts you send to other users disappear after a few seconds and photos or videos you share can go away nearly as quickly . The app 's co-founder , Bruce Yang , says that in an era when your third-grade teacher can find you on Facebook and anyone you 've ever met at work wants to network on LinkedIn , people are craving an app like Sobrr . It lets them share without worrying their actions will go down on their permanent record . "  It promotes sharing only the most refreshing contents and leading a casual relationship with no strings attached , " said Yang , an alum of Fitbit , LinkedIn and Microsoft . So , you can call Sobrr the anti-Facebook . But if you want to call it Tinder meets Snapchat meets Foursquare , you would n't be that far-off either . The app 's name reflects the moment the idea first dawned on Yang -- the morning after a Las Vegas bachelor party . He says he noticed all of his fellow partyers rushing onto their social media accounts to make sure they had n't shared any incriminating info about the previous night . No , Yang says , his app is n't just another tool for the hookup culture or a way to send naughty photos without having to answer for them later . But if somebody wants to use it that way ? He 's not here to stop them . "  From the party animals that I 've surveyed , more than half admitted that they want to meet new people in the party , and crave for a one-night stand , " he said . Sobrr lets users post content "  that they might otherwise feel too embarrassed to post on other platforms , " he said . Yang also said it 's important for users "  to have their own space and little secrets . " But he maintains that "  naughty stuff " is only a small part of what users have been sharing in the month since the app 's release . "  We understand that ` hooking up ' is the need of many users on the platform , but we really value more of the casual interaction and conversation on the platform -- the foreplay of hooking up , " he said . "  People are more attracted by each other based on their life moments or a common interest . " It 's possible the Silicon Valley startup is onto something . In the past year or so , ephemeral messaging apps such as Snapchat , Confide and Wickr have flourished . So far , the app 's user base remains relatively small , boasting 10,000 users in the weeks it 's been available exclusively for Apple 's mobile devices . Whether more folks will flock to it to live a more carefree social media life , or merely hide the evidence from their wild nights out , remains to be seen .	Sobrr is a 24-hour social-networking app on which posts disappear after one day It 's geared toward sharing with "  no strings attached , " app 's founder says Sobrr shows other users near you and you can "  cheer " their actions Disappearing message apps like Snapchat have become popular
CNN  -- "  Jackass " star Ryan Dunn and a passenger in his car died of "  blunt and thermal trauma " when the 2007 Porsche 911 GT3 crashed and caught fire on a Pennsylvania highway early Monday , according to the autopsy report released Tuesday . Police identified Ryan 's passenger as Zachary Hartwell , a 30-year-old West Chester , Pennsylvania , man who once worked in one of Ryan 's movies . West Goshen , Pennsylvania , Police Sgt. Joe Burt confirmed that accident investigators estimated Dunn 's car was going faster than 100 mph . Toxicology results , which should show if Dunn was intoxicated , will not be available for several weeks , according to the Chester County coroner 's office . The red-bearded Dunn , 34 , was famous for his pranks and dangerous stunts on the show , which evolved into a successful film franchise . Hartwell worked as a stunt car driver on "  Minghads , " a 2009 comedy directed by "  Jackass " star Bam Margera and featuring Dunn , according to the Internet Movie Database . West Goshen , Police were called to the wreck scene on State Route 322 at 2:30 a.m. Monday , the police report said . "  Upon arrival , police located one vehicle off the road and in the woods that was fully engulfed in flames , " the report said . "  Speed may have been a contributing factor to the accident , " police said , although the investigation is in its preliminary stages . Dunn was driving the Porsche , which was registered in his name , police said . A photo of Dunn was posted on his Twitter account about two hours before the wreck showing him with a drink in his hand . Two men sitting with Dunn in the photo are not identified . The manager of Barnaby 's in West Chester confirmed that the photo was taken in his bar Sunday night . The bar is about a mile away from where Dunn was killed in a car crash . Manager Jim O'Brien confirmed that Dunn was drinking there . "  He did n't seem to be intoxicated at the time he left , " O'Brien said . "  Ryan was not a hardcore drinker , at least not when he was here . " O'Brien said Dunn was a regular customer and well known to his staff . "  He was a valuable person in our community and his death is a tragedy , " O'Brien said . "  He will be missed . " MTV issued a short statement through its Twitter account Monday morning : "  We 're deeply saddened by the passing of a member of the MTV family , Ryan Dunn . Our hearts and thoughts are with his friends and family . " "  Jackass " star Johnny Knoxville tweeted his message Monday morning : "  Today I lost my brother Ryan Dunn . My heart goes out to his family and his beloved Angie . RIP Ryan , I love you buddy . " Dunn teamed up with "  Jackass " co-star Steve-O for an episode of the NBC game show "  Minute to Win It " that aired on June 8 . He also hosted "  Proving Ground , " which premiered on the G4 channel on June 14 .	NEW : Dunn 's car was going faster than 100 mph , police say Zachary Hartwell , 30 , died in the crash with Dunn , police say Hartwell worked as a stunt driver in a Dunn movie Dunn 's blood alcohol level will not be known for weeks
CNN  -- Heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko shrugged off taunts from WBC challenger Shannon Briggs on Monday after the American threatened to end his fellow veteran 's days in the boxing ring . If trash talk counts , then the 38-year-old Briggs has a fighting chance of inflicting the Ukrainian 's third career defeat in his fifth defense of the belt in Germany on Saturday . He barely let his 39-year-old opponent get a word in at the start of a press conference in the older Klitschko brother 's adopted home city of Hamburg . "  I really feel for you , but you have made a bad choice . You are going to meet an adversary that you have never met before . I can hit , box and dodge my opponent 's punches , " boasted Briggs , who lost to Lennox Lewis when he challenged for the WBC title in 1998 . "  I have never prepared so well for a bout . When I have finished with Vitali , they can bring on Wladimir immediately . " Klitschko , who has previously hinted that this will be his final year of boxing , was relaxed when he had the chance to reply to his rival , who briefly held the WBO title in 2006 . "  It is not easy to find an adversary for me or my brother . Shannon accepted immediately to fight me and I thank him for that , " he said . "  But when I hear him say he is going to propel me into retirement , that just makes me laugh . "  I am ready and I am going to show that I deserve to wear this belt , which has been worn by -LSB- Mike -RSB- Tyson , Lewis and Muhammad Ali . " Klitschko is less pleased with WBA champion David Haye , who has opted to face fellow British fighter Audley Harrison on November 13 rather than fight either of the Ukrainian duo this year . "  David Haye is just chicken , to be honest . He 's got a big mouth but nothing more . David Haye is the world 's biggest trash talker , " he told the Fanhouse website . "  But he 's smart enough to understand that if David Haye made the contract with Vitali or Wladimir Klitschko , and he got inside the ring with either one of us , then it would be the finish of his boxing career . "	Shannon Briggs talks up his chances of winning the WBC title from Vitali Klitschko American claims that he will end his fellow veteran 's boxing career on Saturday Ukrainian confident that he will be successful in his fifth defense in Hamburg Klitschko calls WBA champion David Haye "  chicken " for avoiding him and his brother
Deposed Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy on Sunday taunted court officials who placed him in a soundproof glass box during his trial on conspiracy charges , a proceeding cut short by his lawyers ' objections . "  If this farce continues , leave the trial , " Morsy told his lawyers through a microphone . "  Those who are afraid of my appearance before the people have no public support , " he added . Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected president , was toppled in a military coup in July and faces trial on a variety of charges -- the most recent being allegations that he spied for an unnamed foreign power . Sunday 's session marked the second time he was placed in a glass enclosure . When he was hauled into court along with nearly three dozen co-defendants , his lawyers complained the soundproof enclosure hindered their ability to communicate with their client . "  The glass dock is to humiliate the defendants , " said Mohamed Selim El-Awa , his lead attorney . "  This is unprecedented in the world . " El-Awa told CNN that the defendants ca n't hear inside the glass-enclosed dock and that presiding Judge Shaaban el-Shamy is n't the only one controlling the sound . The judge refused requests to discuss this issue in private , making it impossible for the lawyers to do their job , he said . And Ahmed Morsy , the ex-leader 's son , said , "  This is what the coup authorities want . " With defense lawyers refusing to participate , proceedings were adjourned until February 23 . The judge threatened to appoint new lawyers , and the defense attorneys appeared divided over whether they should return . El-Awa said the withdrawal would remain in effect until the glass barrier is removed . "  What is important is that I have n't gone against my conscience , " El-Awa said . But defense spokesman Mohamed El Damaty said that given the court 's threat to appoint new attorneys , Morsy 's lawyers may have to submit to the "  bitter reality " and continue their defense in later sessions . The trial is one of several that Morsy is facing amid Egypt 's seesaw power struggles . The latest charges against him include spying for foreign organizations outside Egypt , committing terrorist acts inside the country , disclosing classified defense information to a foreign country and funding terrorism . He already has been charged with inciting the killings of political opponents and organizing a 2011 jailbreak by members of his then-banned Muslim Brotherhood . Morsy , the former head of the Brotherhood 's political arm , won office in 2012 . Shortly after he was elected , he resigned from the Muslim Brotherhood and its Freedom and Justice Party in an effort to show he would represent all Egyptians . But he was ousted in a coup about a year later amid widespread protests against his rule , with opponents accusing him of pursuing an Islamist agenda and excluding other factions from the government . Morsy and other Brotherhood leaders were rounded up after the coup and now face a variety of counts , including organizing attacks on Egyptian troops in the Sinai Peninsula and fueling "  sectarian sedition with the aim of igniting civil war in Egypt . " The Brotherhood had long been suppressed during the 29-year rule of former strongman Hosni Mubarak . But it became the most powerful political force in Egypt after the popular revolt that toppled Mubarak in 2011 . Supporters say the military-backed government that replaced Morsy has returned to the authoritarian practices of Mubarak .	Those who fear his appearance "  have no public support , " Morsy declares Defense lawyers object to the placement of soundproof glass where defendants stand Morsy became president in 2012 , but was deposed in a military coup one year later His supporters say the military has returned to the authoritarian practices of Hosni Mubarak
Beijing , China  CNN  -- One of my first jobs in China was teaching English through songs on CCTV , China 's national television station . That was in 1979 , when the People 's Republic was just coming out of the tumultuous Cultural Revolution . Ordinary Chinese still wore drab Mao tunics , and top officials debated whether the foreign cultural influences seeping into China were "  spiritual pollution . " Still , the CCTV station producers wanted to use national television to popularize English language , and they wanted a light program . I was recruited to join a group of amateur musicians to produce "  Let 's Sing , " a series of 30-minute specials to complement its weekly program , English on Sunday . Along with three Chinese performers , I would strum my guitar and sing English songs , including "  Clementine " , "  Puff , The Magic Dragon " and "  El Condor Pasa . " Viewers learned new words , grammar and syntax as they learned the songs . Station producers closely vetted the lineup of songs and narration we prepared . They vetoed a few , including Bob Dylan 's "  Blowin ' in the Wind . " We produced 10 shows , which aired for weeks and replayed many times . We became local celebrities , occasionally recognized and stopped in Beijing 's shops and alleys . Even today , the odd Beijing resident occasionally stops me and says he or she first learned English through my TV show . "  It opened a new world to me since you guys were always in costumes and staged the shows differently , " recalled Karen Cai , who watched the show as a Beijing high school student . "  I remember you clearly because you usually played hero or prince-like role . Until the launch of ` English on Sunday , ' I did not have the opportunity to watch people speaking English without any Chinese translation . " English -- and other foreign languages -- were virtually taboo when I first arrived in China in 1971 . Years earlier , foreign-language books were burned or impounded as "  poisonous weeds . " Only authorized translators and academics dared to use English . President Richard Nixon 's China visit in 1972 caused a brief "  English craze " . The late Premier Zhou Enlai , who had lived abroad in his youth and spoke a bit of English and French , encouraged this and even launched a program where young children of Chinese elite were sent to the U.S. to live with families and attend local schools to learn English . Some Chinese schools taught English , but students ' vocabularies were limited to rudimentary greetings  "  How do you do ? "  and political slogans  "  Long live Chairman Mao ! "  . When the Cultural Revolution reached another xenophobic height in the mid-1970s , English again became politically incorrect . English regained popularity after Chairman Mao died in 1976 and Deng Xiaoping launched his economic reforms and opened China to the outside world . In today 's China , English is king . "  It 's important to get a good job and even just get information from various sources , " says Chen Lu , a 19-year-junior at Peking University . "  It gives me an advantage in a very competitive environment . " More than 400 million Chinese , about a third of the total population , are studying English , says China Education Daily . China 's rapid economic growth and the boom in global trade and tourism have made fluency in English a much-valued commodity . Small wonder that pushy parents in Beijing are willing to fork out 300 RMB  $ 45  for a six-hour English course in schools who have hired native speakers from the U.S. , U.K. and other Western countries . "  They want to learn another language to be more adaptable to an increasingly global world , " says Mikala Reasback , an American college graduate who came to China to teach English . "  It 's usually upper middle class and elite families sending their children to private lessons and taking adult lessons . " An English language teaching industry has flourished , involving universities , foreign-financed training institutes and countless private language schools . The market for China 's English teaching business , experts estimate , has doubled in the last five years to over $ 3 billion . However , experts say , the quality of teaching varies widely , citing the need to set up a credit-rating system . The rush to learn English has also created a shortage of good English teachers , especially native speakers . Reasback , who taught in a private language school in Beijing for four years , says that compensations for teachers vary widely . Most legitimate companies offer from $ 1,200 to $ 1,800 per month  before taxes  for a 40-hour work week . They also cover visa fees , paid national holidays and an end of contract repatriation bonus . However , she tells CNN , the rates of pay vary from city to city -- English teachers in Chengdu or Qingdao are paid less than those in Beijing . In some cases , English teachers are given housing allowances and reimbursed for medical expenses but , Reasback says , these have to be negotiated in contracts . English-teaching has apparently become a popular if not lucrative profession in China . Who would have thought ? When I was recruited to teach English songs on Chinese TV , we did not negotiate nor signed a contract . I was all too glad to be paid the equivalent of $ 10 per program and fed steamed pork buns during the taping .	In 1979 , CCTV producers sought to use national television to popularize English Bob Dylan 's "  Blowin ' in the Wind " was among vetoed songs English had been virtually taboo when FlorCruz first arrived in China in 1971 Rush to learn English has created a shortage of good English teachers
CNN  -- Three teens who were on a 69-name hit list posted on Facebook have been killed in the past 10 days in a southwestern Colombian town , officials say . Police say they do not know who posted the list or why the names are on it . "  It is still not clear , " Colombian national police spokesman Wilson Baquero told CNN . "  This is part of the investigation . " But officials note that a criminal gang known as Los Rastrojos and a Marxist guerrilla group called the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia operate in the area . The hit list on Facebook , which was posted August 17 , gave the people named three days to leave the town of Puerto Asis or be executed , said Volmar Perez Ortiz , a federal official whose title is defender of the public . Police at first thought the posting was a joke , Perez said in a statement issued Saturday . But the publication of a second list with 31 additional names led authorities to convene a special security meeting Friday , Perez said . The posting of the lists and the meetings occurred after the first two killings , which took place August 15 , Perez said . On that day , officials say , 16-year-old student Diego Ferney Jaramillo and 17-year-old CD retailer Eibart Alejandro Ruiz Munoz were shot and killed while riding a motorcycle on the road between Puerto Asis and the town of Puerto Caicedo . Both their names were later found on the first published hit list . Also on the list was Norbey Alexander Vargas , 19 , who was killed August 20 , Perez said . Another young man , 16-year-old student Juan Pablo Zambrano Anacona , was wounded in the same incident when he gave chase to the assassins , Perez said . Colombian media said Monday the number of those threatened has grown and panic has overtaken Puerto Asis , with some parents sending their children out of town because their names are on the Facebook notice . The names of 31 women were posted on the other list , said Radio RCN , semana.com and other news outlets . Residents have been overcome with "  panic and anxiety , " several news outlets quoted Putumayo state official Andres Gerardo Verdugo as saying . Several of those residents posted their concerns on Twitter , an online messaging site . "  Panic in Puerto Asis , Putumayo , because of threats against young people , " wrote a user who goes by JuanSepulvedah . "  Our youth must be protected . " Someone who posted under the name JulianEco brought up the Facebook connection . "  The situation in Puerto Asis is tenacious , that a social site be used to add fire to the Colombian conflict , " the post said . Twitter user hugoparragomez likened the situation to the drug-fueled crime waves in other Colombian cities . "  What is happening in Puerto Asis , Putumayo , is grave , the same as in Medellin , " the tweet said . "  Authorities should take control of the situation . Who is investigating ? " Still others inflated the death count . "  In Puerto Asis they have killed 20 young people threatened on Facebook and the authorities have not said anything , " wrote jesusmhenriquez "  That is Colombia . " Federal officials say they are taking the threats seriously and have sent investigators from Bogota , the nation 's capital , to Puerto Asis . Internet experts are among the investigators assigned to the case . Authorities also are offering a reward of 5 million pesos  around $ 2,750  for information on the killings . Perez , the federal defender of the public , noted that the Los Rastrojos criminal gang is active in Puerto Asis , "  executing violent actions , resolving community conflicts , imposing living and conduct norms , intimidating and meting punishment against ... drug sellers and consumers , sex workers , people with criminal and unlawful histories and threatening social leaders , business people , taxi drivers and motorcycle taxi drivers . " Perez said the Marxist guerrillas , commonly known as the FARC , also are active in the remote area , which borders Ecuador . Two Facebook representatives did not return a message Tuesday asking for comment .	The first list posted on Facebook had 69 names , officials say Another posting this week added 31 names , news reports said . Officials say they do not know who published the lists or why people are on it People on the first list were given three days to leave town or be killed
CNN  -- One of Europe 's leading online personalized publishers is on a mission to "  conquer Europe , " according to the firm 's chief . Speaking with CNN 's Nina dos Santos , Photobox chief executive officer Stan Laurent said European countries excluding the UK and France represent the group 's "  fastest growing geographies " but there was still plenty of market-share to gain . "  We 're also expanding internationally very rapidly and that requires talent , " Laurent said . "  We have to develop local talent even if we build it out of the UK ... Local talent that can support local markets with the right level of service . " Read more : Estonia : The little country with big ideas The UK , Laurent added , is "  a great place to find the talent that we need . We also think that driver for our business is the quality of the product and therefore it 's not about doing the cheapest product . " Following a spate of acquisitions , Photobox now owns the personalized card service Moonpig.com and StickyGram , a site that allows users to create fridge magnets and phone covers from their Instagram photos . Read more : Estonia 's dirty energy drive for self-sufficiency Asked whether Photobox would venture into new markets , Laurent responded : "  We 've started to launch in Canada , Australia and New Zealand and other geographies where we certainly think that , with the help of some services like StickyGram , we can turn this into a global platform over time . " Photobox is also trying to extend its range of services including mobile in an effort to increase its share of a $ 7 billion market , according to Laurent , who was appointed CEO in 2006 . Read more : General Electric boss to Europe : Open your borders , create jobs "  We 're investing very heavily in mobile , in mobile technologies and looking for real experts who can continue to develop that proposition , " he said . In 2012 , Moonpig generated 1.5 million downloads of its mobile app contributing to Photobox 's double-growth and Â # 147.5 million in revenue , according to company 's annual earnings report . Read more : Spain 's wine export business But Laurent said that 95 % of the greeting card market is still store-based , adding : "  What mobile brings is two things ; one , convenience ; and two , convenience ... . It 's just a fabulous tool particularly when you 're talking about products -LSB- as -RSB- you have all your photos on your mobile as well . " The company has come a long way since founders Graham Hobson and Mark Chapman set up an online photo ordering business in 2000 . Read more : Bumpy road ahead for London cabbie business Thirteen years on Laurent said Photobox was a "  visionary idea " at a time when broadband was limited and digital cameras were just starting to emerge . The CEO added that the secret to Photobox 's success is in the personal touch . "  It 's really about the whole customer experience , " he told CNN . "  And making sure customers have a product at the emotional value that they allocate to it because it 's their photos it 's their families it 's their kids often that are on the product . "	Photobox owns personalized card service Moonpig.com and StickGram , a personal fridge magnet and phone cover company . In 2012 , Moonpig generated 1.5 million downloads of its mobile app contributing to Photobox 's double-growth . Photobox CEO Stan Laurent also reaffirmed Photobox 's commitment to developing UK talent .
A little over 26 years ago , Mohammad Reza Najafi started manufacturing auto parts in Iran . Today he 's an industry leader , supplying roughly three million springs and one million break-pads every year to Iranian auto makers . Najafi 's success has also earned him seats on the country 's Chamber of Commerce and the board of directors of the Iranian Auto Parts Manufacturers Association . It has also made him a leading voice in Iran 's efforts to re-energize its struggling economy . Like many of his country 's business leaders , Najafi has watched the recent negotiations with world powers on Iran 's nuclear program with great interest . He spoke to CNN 's Reza Sayah on this week 's Marketplace Middle East , sharing his thoughts on how he sees the talks panning out and the impact they will have on the Iranian economy going forward . Reza Sayah  RS  : What was your reaction when they could n't reach a deal  on the nuclear issue  ? Mohammad Reza Najafi  MRN  : As a matter of fact it was a deal but naturally it takes time and we are happy that it is continuing . RS : Would you agree that Iran 's economy is not going to improve without the sanctions being lifted ? MRN : It 's a very difficult question to answer because at the same time during the sanctions we tried to find our own way to improve ourselves and so on . But we are interested to collaborate with them  the international community  so it is an obstacle that should be removed . RS : Tell me about Iran 's economy today , where does it stand ? MRN : These three months of the year , the first quarter of the Iranian year , the international trade has increased from $ 18.5 billion to $ 24.5 billion . We hope after removing the sanctions then we 'll have at least 6 % growth in the economy of the country and at least 10 % growth in the industrial  sector  . RS : Iran is still dependent on oil exports . That 's been almost halved because of the sanctions . Then we have the banking sanctions . How can Iran 's economy thrive if they 're cut off from the banking system ? MRN : The banking system is one of the main points that we hope will be removed very soon . We have found our own way but the best way is to go through the normal way where the cost is much lower and it is more normal . RS : Do you sense over this past year when relations have thawed with the west that investors and businessmen and women want to come to Iran to invest ? MRN : Exactly , after and even before this we see a lot of delegations come from all over the world . All of them are ready , they are interested , they are eager to come here and work with us . RS : Iran 's position is they have made enough concessions , that they 're nuclear program is open for inspections . Even so , a deal was n't struck . Why are you so optimistic that eventually a deal will happen ? MRN : For sure it will happen . Why ? Because we are a peaceful people . We have a capable country . We have more than four million students at university . We have the natural resources . We are ready and we are open for collaboration with the world . And we hope that with collaboration everybody will have the interest out of it and it will be a win-win play .	Mohammad Reza Najafi is one of Iran 's foremost businesspeople He sits on the country 's Chamber of Commerce and the board of directors of the Iranian Auto Parts Manufacturers Association Najafi says he sees growth of around 6 % for the Iranian economy if and when sanctions are removed
Bangalore , India  CNN  -- As one of India 's richest self-made women , Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw has an impressive resume . Her business Biocon , worth $ 800million , is one of India 's leading drug companies and employs more than 6,000 people at its vast campus in Bangalore . Mazumdar-Shaw was named among Forbes Magazine 's 100 "  Most Powerful Women " in the world in 2012 , in the Financial Times ' "  The top 50 women in world business " in 2011 and Time Magazine 's "  100 Most Influential People in the World " in 2010 . But it was a very different story in 1978 when Mazumdar-Shaw started Biocon at the age of 25 with the equivalent of less than $ 200 in today 's money . She founded the company in a garage and -- as a woman and one of the first pioneers of biotechnology in India -- found it difficult to obtain both staff and funding . "  I had a lot of foolish courage because when I started up the company I found I had huge credibility challenges to overcome , " said Mazumdar-Shaw . "  I was a 25-year-old woman with no business experience , I was trying to pioneer a sector called biotechnology which nobody had heard of . "  I therefore had huge challenges from getting financial backing to even getting people to work in the organization . " Mazumdar-Shaw originally qualified as India 's first master brewer , but became an entrepreneur after failing to find a job in brewing . "  I was finding it very difficult to get a job as a brew master , " she said . "  It was a chance encounter with a biotech entrepreneur from Ireland that got me started as an entrepreneur in India , because I partnered this Irish company in setting up India 's first biotech company . " She added : "  It has taken me over 30 years to get from a garage to the huge campus that we have today . And it 's been a long journey -- it 's been a very exciting journey . " Having built up a leading company from scratch , many would expect Mazumdar-Shaw to have her mind fixed solely on the business . But she also has a social mission to expand access to healthcare in India . Also on Leading Women : A brighter picture for women in art "  India is a country where 80 % of healthcare  spend  is out of pocket ; where 80 % of healthcare infrastructure is in the private sector ; where most people do n't have access to quality healthcare , " she said . In 2009 , she founded a low-cost cancer hospital with the aim of making usually expensive cancer treatment accessible to more people . "  I felt there was a crying need for a comprehensive cancer center which also addresses affordability , " said Mazumdar-Shaw . Her goal to make healthcare more accessible for all Indians has driven her to search for a cheaper model of drug development . "  We simply can not afford to develop drugs that cost $ 1-3 billion to develop , because these drugs will not actually reach people who really need  them  the most , " she said . "  You will only be confining it to a very few people in the world who can afford it . "  We 've got to change this model . I believe that we have enough technology in the world to bring down this cost of innovation . " Also on Leading Women : Why women will impact global economy as much as China One achievement of which Mazumdar-Shaw is particularly proud is helping to reverse India 's brain drain of scientists . She employs almost 5,000 scientists , of whom just under 40 % are women and many have returned to India from abroad . "  One of my objectives when I started Biocon was to make sure that I create a company for women scientists to pursue a vocation , " said Mazumdar-Shaw . "  And I wanted to make sure that we created a research environment for scientists , because at that time we were facing a very strong brain drain of scientists and engineers from India , there just were n't enough companies to employee such people . " The challenges ahead for Mazumdar-Shaw include getting Biocon to the billion dollar mark , and continuing to innovate . "  There 's a huge journey ahead for me . There are many , many more milestones ahead , " she said . "  I want to be remembered as someone who put India on the scientific map of the world in terms of large innovation . "  I want to be remembered for making a difference to global healthcare . And I want to be remembered as someone who did make a difference to social economic development in India . " A side effect is that people might also remember how wealthy she is . "  I hate the title of being called the richest woman in India , but it 's the recognition that this was the value that I had created as a woman entrepreneur and that makes me very , very proud . "	Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw pioneered biotech in India in a garage at the age of 25 Biocon is now worth $ 800 million Biocon employs more than 6,000 people , the majority of them scientists She also aims to widen access to affordable healthcare in India
CNN  -- I knew there had to be a reason my family and I went through tough days together . I did n't understand why then , but the past couple of weeks have put so much into perspective . The lonely days of pacing around my kitchen seemed like some of the longest days of my life . If anyone had told me then that I would be wearing a crown , an evening gown , heels and a swimsuit in front of a live audience with bright lights and television cameras hovering around , I 'd have been the first one to dismiss it . I realize now that even my toughest days pale in comparison to the toughest days of others living with an autism spectrum disorder . I 've been given this opportunity to use my voice for those who do n't have one or have yet to find theirs . My path may not be one that another person would choose , but I challenged myself to enter the Miss America competition because it seemed like the peak to my own personal Everest . It also seemed kind of ironic : a girl who was told she was different and considered an outcast by many , in the nation 's biggest beauty pageant . I knew I would face challenges and even some skepticism , but I never expected the outpouring of support that continues to come in . Winning the America 's Choice title during the competition was the highest honor for me . The fact that so many people , to whom I am a total stranger , took the time to elect me as their contestant of choice is something I am still trying to comprehend . The glitz and the glamour may have faded from the wonderful experience of Miss America , but my commitment to raising awareness about autism and building bridges of acceptance grows stronger each day -- especially after I read e-mails , Facebook posts or tweets from the people who have supported my journey . I will be successful if just one person encounters a child who is overstimulated without staring , if one teenager invites an "  outcast " to lunch or just smiles at him or her , or if one employer gives a job to someone who might not be able to look the interviewer in the eye . I also hope that families reading my story who feel isolated or have concerns and questions about their children know they are not alone -- there is a wonderfully loving community with people just waiting to be your friend and mentor . One thing I have learned in partnering with organizations like AbilityPath.org and Generation Rescue is that the special needs community is one of the most loyal and supportive groups anyone could join . I 'm honored to be a part of this new circle of friends , and have no doubt that it was the people who found me relatable and believed in me that helped me become America 's Choice . I do n't know what tomorrow will bring , but I do know there is a lot for me to do to make sure people really get that "  Normal is just a dryer setting . "	Alexis Wineman was diagnosed with a form of autism at 11 She won the Miss Montana competition last year Wineman says the Miss America pageant was "  my own personal Everest "
CNN  -- The chairman of the club that hosts America 's most prestigious golf tournament skirted the prickly issue of women 's membership Wednesday , saying it is a private matter . During his annual media session , Billy Payne , chairman of Augusta National Golf Club , did not comment specifically on Ginni Rometty , the top executive at IBM and , undoubtedly , one of the corporate world 's most powerful women . IBM 's sponsorship of the Masters tournament guarantees club membership for its officers , but Rometty is a woman , and the club does not allow women to join . "  Well , as has been the case , whenever that question is asked , all issues of membership are now and have historically been subject to the private deliberation of members , " Payne said . "  That statement remains accurate ; it remains my statement . " IBM spokesman Ed Barbini told CNN Wednesday that the company would not comment on the controversy . The question of Rometty 's membership has again brought the gender controversy to the forefront . Women 's rights activist Martha Burk tried to change the exclusionary policy nine years ago when she showed up at the Augusta entrance to lead a series of protests against men-only membership . Her efforts were in vain . Now , she says , "  the boys " at Augusta , members and sponsors alike , find themselves in a big bind . "  The ` woman problem ' is back , " she wrote in a column for CNN on Tuesday . Burk says there are only two choices at hand : Augusta can open its doors to women , or IBM can yank its money and force its male executives to resign from the club . "  Those are the only two options that are viable that are going to wash with the public , " Burk told CNN last week . Augusta 's membership -- which includes titans of industry and finance -- has been male-only since the club 's opening in 1932 . When Burk tried to change things in 2002 , Augusta 's then-chairman , Hootie Johnson , resisted , saying that gender integration would not come "  at the point of a bayonet . " In 2006 , Burk was among a group of Exxon shareholders who accused the company of violating its discrimination policies by supporting the tournament . Nonmembers can play on the course only when hosted by members . Augusta is famously secretive about its membership , and the club declined to comment on the issue , as did IBM spokesman Chris Andrews . "  Augusta is a private club , and their personal membership is an internal matter , " he said . IBM , however , has played a role in changing policy before . The company pulled television ads from the PGA Championship when it was played at the whites-only Shoal Creek golf club in Alabama . The club admitted its first African-American in 1990 and now claims former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice as a member . Augusta also did not welcome its first black member until 1990 , when Gannett television division president Ron Townsend joined the club . On the eve of the 2012 Masters opening Thursday , speculation surfaced that Payne , known to be more progressive than his predecessor , will offer Rometty a membership , but only after the tournament ends and the gender debate dies down . "  Sorry , but that dog wo n't hunt , " Burk wrote . "  Telling Rometty to be a good girl and wait a little longer with IBM 's collusion would be a disaster -- not only for the company 's image , but for Rometty 's credibility as its leader . " More and more people are asking Augusta to man up and get rid of what they say is a discriminatory policy from the past . Payne did not announce any sweeping changes from the hot seat Wednesday . That means that Rometty will probably not show up this year in a green jacket . The question is : Will she ever ? CNN 's James O'Toole and Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	Augusta National Chairman Billy Payne is asked about the men-only membership policy He says membership is "  subject to the private deliberation of members " Ginni Rometty , IBM 's top executive , can not join despite her company 's sponsorship Her status has reignited the gender controversy as the Masters begins
CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration on Tuesday unveiled a "  trusted traveler " program -- one meant to expedite screening at U.S. airport checkpoints , agency chief John Pistole said . "  As with any initiative , we are testing this prescreening concept with a small passenger population at limited airports , " he said at an aviation security conference in the Netherlands . "  If proven successful , we will explore expanding the program to additional travelers , airports and airlines . " All participants must be U.S. citizens who voluntarily release certain information about themselves . During its evaluation phase , TSA PreCheck will be available only to certain frequent fliers on American and Delta airlines flying out of certain airports . Delta passengers must be flying out of Atlanta and Detroit airports , and American Airlines passengers must be flying out of Miami and Dallas airports . It was opened to participants in Custom and Border Protection 's Trusted Traveler programs , including Global Entry , SENTRI , and NEXUS . "  As TSA moves further away from a one-size-fits-all approach , our ultimate goal is provide the most effective security in the most efficient way possible , " said Christopher McLaughlin , TSA assistant administrator of security operations . The program wo n't guarantee expedited security screening , according to Pistole , who said participants would still be subject to "  random and unpredictable security measures . " In July , the TSA said it would expand this pilot program to include United , Southwest , JetBlue , US Airways , Alaska and Hawaiian airlines , and additional airports , once operationally ready . Currently , the TSA vets passenger lists against "  watch lists " of known or suspected terrorists . But the TSA is working with a very limited amount of information about those passengers -- namely a person 's full name , date of birth and gender . Under trusted traveler programs , travelers voluntarily surrender more information about themselves , giving the government more assurances of who they are . The amount and nature of the information that will be sought were not disclosed . There have long been calls for the TSA to adopt a trusted traveler program . Congress and critics have stepped up that demand following two highly publicized incidents , one involving the search of a 6-year-old girl , and the other involving a 95-year-old cancer patient . In both cases , the TSA has said the airport screeners were following established protocols . But the TSA also has said it is working toward a "  risk-based " trusted traveler program that could expedite travel for people believed to present little risk to aviation . The TSA said in July that Pistole will work with Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Alan Bersin and the airlines to determine passenger eligibility for this screening project , which is voluntary . All passengers in the pilot project will be subject to recurrent security checks . Security experts have long expressed concern about so-called clean skins -- potential terrorists who enroll in trusted traveler programs to avoid scrutiny during a terror mission . But the TSA says it will continue to incorporate random and unpredictable security measures to address such concerns . Pistole said in July that other layers of security will remain in place , including intelligence gathering and analysis , explosive-detection canine teams , federal air marshals , closed-circuit television monitoring and behavior detection officers . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : TSA officials say the program is meant to balance security with efficiency The program would be expanded to other airlines over time All participants must be U.S. citizens The pilot project will start with Delta and American airlines
CNN  -- Fifty-four years after the Duval County , Florida , school board ignored the wishes of students and named a Jacksonville high school for a controversial Confederate general , the school will be getting a new name . The school board voted 7-0 Monday to change the name of Nathan B. Forrest High School after the current school year ends . Officials will choose between the names Westside and Firestone in January . When it was opened in 1959 , in the aftermath of the Supreme Court decision that required racially integrated public schools , district officials chose to name the school after Forrest -- a former slave trader and Confederate commander whose troops were involved in the massacre of black Union soldiers at a Tennessee fort . He later served as the first "  Grand Wizard " of the Ku Klux Klan . "  For too long and too many , this name has represented the opposite of unity , respect , and equality -- all that we expect in Duval schools , " board member Constance Hall said in a statement from the district . The name-change was spearheaded by parent Ty Richmond , whose Change.org petition amassed 162,150 signatures . "  I 'm very encouraged . Jacksonville is too much of a beautiful city to have that ugly blemish , " Richmond told CNN affiliate WAWS . "  I do n't want my daughter , or any student , going to a school named under those circumstances , " he said in his petition . "  This is a bad look for Florida -- with so much racial division in our state , renaming Forrest High would be a step toward healing . " A kinder , gentler Ku Klux Klan ? ` We do n't hate anymore , ' imperial wizard says At the time it was named , the segregated school had an all-white student body . It is now 62 % black , 23 % white and 9 % Hispanic , according to the district . Still , the decision to strip the name was not universally popular . More than half of the faculty opposed the change , as did 36 % of students , the district said . A Missouri KKK leader also protested the change , saying those who want the name changed are ignoring "  the true historical facts surrounding this valiant man of honor . " Bedford fans have noted the commander 's widespread reputation as a military genius , and have long said he was misunderstood . They say he disbanded the first version of the Ku Klux Klan after it grew violent and argue that he made efforts to reconcile with blacks in his later years . He is the subject of numerous monuments and other efforts to preserve his memory across the South . A monument honoring Forrest has been the subject of long-running controversy in Selma , Alabama , a focal point of the civil rights movement . The monument was located in a city building for a while but moved to a city-owned cemetery following protests . In 2012 , someone stole Forrest 's bust from atop the monument . Efforts to refurbish the monument have resulted in disputes . In 2011 , a Mississippi proposal to create a license plate honoring Forrest brought opposition by civil rights groups and never saw the light of day . Group demands California high school change ` Arab ' team name , mascot	Jacksonville , Florida , school board votes to drop name of Confederate general from school Critics say Nathan Bedford Forrest was slave trader whose name should not grace a school Supporters of keeping the name say Forrest was misunderstood The new name will hopefully be chosen in January
CNN  -- Earth is in the grip of the "  sixth great extinction crisis , " say some scientists , with up to 2,000 species dying out each year . These 11 great wildlife experiences could disappear within your lifetime . 1 . Witnessing a great animal migration Ancient rock art images of animals moving across the African savannah indicate that humans have been marveling at animal migrations for more than 20,000 years . But poaching , agriculture , war and deforestation are encroaching on wildlife corridors around the world , placing these animal movements -- from Africa 's wildebeest migration to the annual pilgrimage of North American bison -- under threat . How to do it : GAdventures pairs good wildlife access with creature comforts on its Kenya Safari Experience tour  eight days from $ 3,490 per person ; +1 888 800 4100  , taking in Kenya 's Lake Nakuru , Amboseli National Park and the Masai Mara , where Africa 's wildebeest end their migration . 2 . Coming eye-to-eye with a polar bear While hunting is still allowed by some Arctic-dwelling native communities , it 's climate change that poses the largest threat to polar bears . Latest data from the International Union for the Conservation of Nature  IUCN  shows that eight of the 19 sub-populations of polar bear that roam the Arctic are in decline . Scientists project that two-thirds of all polar bears could disappear by 2050 . Due to its southern exposure , Canada 's Hudson Bay is one of the bear habitats most threatened by climate change -- increasing temperatures are forcing bears off the ice earlier each year . How to do it : Churchill Wild  +1 866 846 9453  is one of a handful of operators on the western shores of Hudson Bay that facilitate multi-day bear watching tours starting at around $ 3,000 per person . 3 . Counting the stripes on a tiger Tigers once roamed freely across Asia . Today the world 's most endangered big cats have disappeared from 90 % of their historic range . Just six of nine known tiger species are thought to remain , with an estimated 3,200 animals left in the wild . While it 's extremely rare to spot the elusive beasts in their natural habitat  the South China tiger , for example , has n't been seen since the early 1970s  , protected reserves in India and Nepal provide the best opportunities . How to do it : Intrepid Travel offers a Chitwan Extension  four days from $ 430 per person ; +1 800 970 7299  tour to Nepal 's Chitwan National Park from Kathmandu . Once a royal hunting reserve , Chitwan is home to elephant , rhino , crocodile , monkeys , deer and about 100 Bengal tigers . 4 . Swimming amid live coral on Australia 's Great Barrier Reef The Great Barrier Reef , the world 's largest reef system , is in peril . Temperature fluctuations are primarily to blame for the disappearance of half its coral since 1985 and the Australian Institute of Marine Science predicts that less than a quarter could be left within a decade . Following plans by the Australian government to industrialize parts of the reef , the World Heritage Committee passed a recommendation to consider listing the UNESCO site as "  in danger " at a meeting in June 2014 . How to do it : Calypso Snorkel and Dive  +61 7 4099 6999  offers daily snorkeling and diving day trips to the reef from the Far North Queensland resort town of Port Douglas starting from $ 174 per person . 5 . Tracking gorillas in the mist Endemic to the forests of central Africa , both species of the world 's largest primate have been decreasing in numbers for decades largely due to poaching and disease . Worryingly , a 2010 United Nations report suggested that these gentle giants of the forest might disappear from large parts of the Congo Basin , one of their primary habitats , by the mid-2020s . How to do it : Wilderness Collection offers gorilla tracking opportunities during a six-day tour , from $ 6,474 per person , split between two luxury Odzala camps  +27 11 807 1800  in an area of the Republic of the Congo that 's home to a high density of western lowland gorilla . Chimpanzee , leopard , golden cat and a large number of other primate and bird species are also present . 6 . Seeing the creatures of Galápagos as Darwin saw them Remaining virtually undiscovered for centuries did much to preserve the living showcase of evolution described by Charles Darwin in "  The Origin of Species . " But Ecuador 's best known ecosystem remains fragile . The last remaining Pinta Island tortoise , fondly known as Lonesome George , died in 2012 , adding to the list of several other species that have died out since Darwin 's 1835 visit . How to do it : While it 's possible to fly to Galapagos from mainland Ecuador and visit several islands independently , you can only reach the bulk of protected habitats on heavily regulated organized cruises . You can expect to pay from around $ 1,500 for a last-minute , week-long cruise organized in the capital Quito or Puerto Ayora on the island of Santa Cruz . Prices double  or more  for the convenience of booking ahead through an international company such as Ecoventura  +1 800 633 7972  . 7 . Hanging around with orangutans Sharing 98 % of our DNA , orangutans are one of the closest relatives to man , though if predictions are accurate , Asia 's only two great ape species could be extinct in the wild within the next decade . Conservation groups such as Borneo Orangutan Survival have bolstered numbers through rehabilitation and release programs , but the illegal pet trade , trafficking and habitat destruction still present the greatest threats to the survival of orangutans on the only two islands they inhabit : Borneo and Sumatra . How to do it : Gecko 's Adventures include a visit to two rehabilitation centers in Malaysian Borneo on their Orangutanland tour  18 days from $ 2,500 ; +44 0808 274 5981  . The trip includes a cruise down Kinabatangan River , where you might spot orangutans , proboscis monkeys , macaques and elephants in the wild . 8 . Watching sea turtles nest Scientists have been debating for decades why -- not to mention how -- sea turtles return to the same beach every year to lay their eggs . But the phenomenon may soon be a thing of legend thanks to the ravages of intense egg collection , fisheries bycatch and light pollution , which have forced species such as the leatherback , hawksbill and green turtles onto endangered lists . How to do it : You can sign up for a volunteering stint with an organization such as Earthwatch  nine-day Costa Rica program from $ 2,800 per person ; +1 978 461 0081  during which you 'll help safeguard turtle eggs and assist new hatchlings . 9 . Spotting Africa 's Big Five European game hunters and the illegal wildlife trade may soon reduce Africa 's most prestigious group of game animals from the legendary Big Five to four . While lion , African elephant , Cape buffalo and leopard populations are relatively stable , rhinos are in serious trouble . Poaching has increased dramatically during the past few years , with 800 rhinos killed illegally in South Africa in 2013 alone . Last year , the International Union for Conservation of Nature  IUCN  declared the western black rhino officially extinct . How to do it : All members of the Big Five can still be found in Botswana , Uganda , Namibia , Ethiopia , South Africa , Kenya , Tanzania , Zimbabwe , Malawi and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . If you 're particularly eager to see rhinos , Intrepid Travel 's Okavango Experience  nine days from $ 1,155 per person ; +1 800 970 7299  includes a dusk game drive in Botswana 's Khama Rhino Sanctuary for a chance to spot both white and black rhino . 10 . Swimming alongside whale sharks Nicknamed "  dominos " for their distinctive markings , the world 's largest fish are among the most placid of the shark species . Unfortunately , demand for whale shark meat , fins and oil , on top of unregulated tourism , remains an enormous threat to this vulnerable species . How to do it : A WWF-sponsored ecotourism project in the Philippine village of Donsol allows tourists to swim with whale sharks while following strict rules to avoid disturbing them . Donsol EcoTour  +63 2 576 5934  offers snorkeling packages with gear and a trained guide from around $ 25 per person . 11 . Be awed by a giant panda in the wild They 're China 's natural treasure , but threats from humans have left just 1,600 giant pandas in the wild . High in the mountains of western China , the rarest member of the bear family plays a critical role in facilitating the growth and vegetation of the bamboo forests these placid beasts inhabit . How to do it : Given the difficulty of spotting giant pandas in the wild , only a small number of tour operators exist . The WWF-partnered Natural Habitat Adventures ' Wild Side of China tour  13 days from $ 9,595 per person ; +1 303 449 3711  includes a visit to China 's Chengdu Giant Panda Base and rare access to a panda sanctuary to search for them in the wild . Sarah Reid is a travel writer who has contributed to Lonely Planet publications , Cosmopolitan and Spa Secrets .	You can swim alongside rare whale sharks in the Philippines African wildebeest among great migrating animals under threat Gorillas can still be seen in Congo -- for now
CNN  -- In late November , U.S. soldiers were supervising artillery training for Afghan troops in Nangarhar province , close to the Pakistan border . After they climbed a ridge to assess the impact area , an Afghan border policeman suddenly turned on them and opened fire . Seconds later , six Americans and their assailant were dead . It was one of the deadliest incidents of what the military call "  green on blue " -- a euphemism for attacks by members of the Afghan security forces on their allies in the international force known as ISAF . They have risen sharply over the past year , raising fears that the Taliban are infiltrating the Afghan National Army and police force . But military analysts and intelligence officials say the reality is more complicated . The Taliban said they had recruited the border policeman , but his real motive was never established , and it transpired that he 'd had an argument with his father over his choice of bride . In an even deadlier incident , an Afghan air force officer shot dead eight U.S. Air Force personnel and a U.S. contractor at Kabul International Airport in March . But there is little to suggest he was a Taliban infiltrator either . According to a NATO analysis seen by CNN , "  green on blue " attacks have killed 52 U.S. and allied soldiers since 2005 , many of them in the past year . The analysis concludes that combat stress provoked 36 % of the attacks , even if the Taliban subsequently claimed responsibility . In 23 % cases , an Afghan soldier had been persuaded by the Taliban to carry out an attack -- but the motive in an additional 32 % of cases was unknown . A senior intelligence official involved in NATO 's training program told CNN that "  battlefield conditions and frequent deployments are the leading causes " of such incidents . "  When you are in the mountains for months , you 've just had enough , " he said . The official said cultural differences over the handling of weapons and the attitude of western soldiers to Afghan women can exacerbate tensions . Coalition officers often reprimand their Afghan colleagues for lax control of weaponry , and that can breed resentment . Some incidents defy explanation . In late 2008 , an Afghan soldier liked and relied upon by his U.S. comrades in Wardak province suddenly turned his gun on them and shot two dead before fleeing . He was never found . For the Taliban , infiltration is a cheap tactic and one they boast about . Beyond the incidents , it sows mistrust and apprehension on a wider scale among troops who should be cooperating . As the struggle against the Taliban reaches its climax , military analysts say a growing "  insider threat " could be disruptive . For example , after three German soldiers were shot dead by an Afghan soldier this year , some of their comrades refused to go on patrol with their Afghan counterparts , according to the magazine Spiegel . Earlier this month , Lt. Gen. William Caldwell , the commander of the NATO training mission , admitted recent incidents "  erode the hard-earned trust that is required for an effective partnership . " But the senior intelligence official told CNN that the insurgents ' efforts to infiltrate Afghan security forces had not so far yielded much of a dividend and was n't anywhere near the top concerns facing ISAF . He pointed out that the 52 coalition deaths caused by Afghan security personnel were a small percentage of nearly 2,000 "  hostile fatalities " between 2005 and 2011 . Other estimates are higher -- but include killings by Afghan contractors and incidents of "  impersonation , " where an insurgent launches an attack disguised as a soldier or policeman . Police and military uniforms are easy to come by in Afghanistan . In one incident this year , a soldier passed on a uniform and identification to a suicide bomber who attacked a military hospital in Kabul . Six people were killed . One reason "  green on blue " attacks have risen is because there 's more interaction between U.S. and Afghan soldiers as the latter take on more responsibility . There are about 290,000 Afghans in uniform . The number of joint military patrols has increased drastically , exceeding 10,000 last year . Among measures being taken to prevent such attacks , commanders are told to ensure Afghan troops who 've been in combat are getting adequate rest ; and coalition officers are being taught to watch for warning signs . More U.S. counter-intelligence officers are being deployed to Afghanistan to help with screening recruits and reviewing the profiles of serving soldiers . The recruiting process now includes eight steps . A recruit 's application must be supported by two letters from community elders . Gradually a nationwide database of Afghan security forces is being compiled based on biometric information . Some fifty Afghans at the Interior Ministry , helped by the FBI , are populating the database . The objective is to screen out anyone with a criminal record or links to the insurgency . The process of vetting and biometrically enrolling the records of nearly 300,000 Afghan security forces will be completed this year , according to a NATO training mission document compiled in February .	Attacks spark fears that the Taliban are infiltrating the Afghan forces Military analysts and intelligence officials say the reality is more complicated An analysis concludes that combat stress provoked 36 % of the attacks
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Another Hollywood marriage is ending -- but this one was no flash in the pan . Robin Wright Penn and Sean Penn had been married 11 years . Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn are divorcing , according to their representative , Mara Buxbaum . People magazine first reported the split Thursday night . The actors began dating after they met making the 1990 movie "  State of Grace . " They married in 1996 , and have two children , Dylan Frances , 16 , and Hopper Jack , 14 . Previously , Penn was married to Madonna for four years , while Wright was married to actor Dane Witherspoon for two years . In addition to "  State of Grace , " Penn and Wright appeared together in 1997 's "  She 's So Lovely " and 1998 's "  Hurlyburly , " and both are set to appear in Barry Levinson 's next film , "  What Just Happened ? , " due out in 2008 . Penn , 47 , won a best actor Oscar for 2003 's "  Mystic River , " and was nominated for best actor for "  Dead Man Walking , " "  Sweet and Lowdown , " and "  I Am Sam . " His latest directorial effort , "  Into The Wild , " has received four SAG Award nominations and two Golden Globe nominations . Wright , 41 , is best known for her title role in "  The Princess Bride " and for starring opposite Tom Hanks in "  Forrest Gump . " E-mail to a friend	Sean Penn , Robin Wright Penn had been married 11 years Pair met while making 1990 's "  State of Grace " Couple has two children ; has made three films together , with fourth due out
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon may announce as soon as this weekend a plan to bring up to 400,000 furloughed civilian employees back to work , according to two Defense Department officials . CNN has learned the plan is in the final stages of being written and approved . If all are returned to work , it would represent about half the number of government civilian and contract employees at risk of furloughs during the government shutdown that began on Tuesday . The partisan congressional stalemate over spending for the current fiscal year shows no sign of ending anytime soon . Details of the Pentagon plan were being worked out on exactly which employees would be brought back and how they would be notified . The officials declined to be identified because the plan has not yet been announced . But Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel made his view clear while traveling in Japan . "  We were forced by law to furlough many , many of our civilian workers . But we 're trying to find a solid legal interpretation here in the law that can bring back more people in support of our military , " he said . It 's expected the Defense Department will issue a broad statement from Hagel saying he is authorizing employees back to work followed by detailed memos about the recall would work . Obama administration lawyers have been working to interpret how much leeway they were given by Congress over personnel in a measure approved just before the shutdown took effect that ensured troops would continue to be paid during a government closure . Language in the law said civilian personnel and contractors will be paid if the secretary of defense "  determines " they are providing "  support " for the troops and several members of Congress have said that gives Hagel broad authority . But the two officials said lawyers were still working on what that means because the law does not specifically say all employees can come back . "  The question is who works here at the department who supports troops ? " one official said . There will have to be some legal finding as to what jobs and which personnel specifically support troops , both officials said . But Defense Department officials are well aware that Hagel is pressuring to bring everyone back to work next week . "  There 's no job in our Department of Defense that does n't support the military . So , I think theoretically -- I 'm not a lawyer , but I do have some appreciation for common sense , and common sense tells you that if you 're working for the Department of Defense , you 're supporting the defense and the security of America , and you 're supporting those who are on the front lines , " Hagel said .	Pentagon may bring back up to 400,000 furloughed civilian employees CNN has learned a plan to do so is in the final stages of being approved The government shutdown began on Tuesday due to a political impasse over funding NEW : Lawyers weigh how broadly to interpret law ensuring troops will be paid during shutdown
CNN  -- An analysis carried out by a language monitoring service said Friday that Gov. Sarah Palin spoke at a more than ninth-grade level and Sen. Joseph Biden spoke at a nearly eighth-grade level in Thursday night 's debate between the vice presidential candidates . The analysis by the Austin , Texas-based Global Language Monitor said Palin , governor of Alaska and the GOP vice presidential nominee , used the passive voice in 8 percent of her sentences , far more than the 5 percent used by the Democratic senator from Delaware . The analysis noted that the "  passive voice can be used to deflect responsibility ; Biden used active voice when referring to -LSB- Vice President Dick -RSB- Cheney and -LSB- President -RSB- Bush ; Palin countered with passive deflections . " "  It obscures the doer of the action , " said Language Monitor President Paul Payack , an independent with no political affiliation . The two candidates were nearly even in total number of words spoken . The normally voluble Biden restrained his tendency to ramble by uttering just 5,492 words during the 90-minute debate , versus 5,235 for Palin , Payack said . In last week 's debate between Sen. Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain , Obama spoke 8,068 words during the 90-minute event , while McCain spoke 7,150 , Payack said . Thursday night 's debate between the vice presidential candidates "  was more collegial , thinking out loud as opposed to just hammering points , " Payack said in trying to explain the difference . "  It was a much calmer style . " His analysis ranked the candidates ' speech on several other levels , too . Here 's the breakdown : Grade level : Biden , 7.8 ; Palin , 9.5  Newspapers are typically written to a sixth-grade reading level . Sentences per paragraph : statistically tied at 2.7 for Biden and 2.6 for Palin . Letters per word : tied at 4.4 . Ease of reading : Biden , 66.7  with 100 being the easiest to read or hear  , versus 62.4 for Palin . The analysis said Abraham Lincoln spoke at an 11th-grade level during his seven debates in 1858 against incumbent Stephen A. Douglas in their race for a Senate seat from Illinois . But higher grade level does n't necessarily mean better sentence , Payack said . He pointed to Palin 's second-to-last sentence in the debate , which the formula put at a grade level of 18.3 : "  What I would do , also , if that were ever to happen , though , is to continue the good work he is so committed to of putting government back on the side of the people and get rid of the greed and corruption on Wall Street and in Washington , " Palin said . "  When she said it , it sounded good , but on paper it 's a completely different animal , " Payack said . "  It 's like , what is that ? " But Biden had his own challenging moments , such as this 32-word gem , rated grade 15.6 : "  The middle class under John McCain 's tax proposal , 100 million families , middle-class families , households to be precise , they got not a single change ; they got not a single break in taxes . " Payack praised the usually longer-winded Biden for showing restraint here . "  In a typical Joe Biden thing , this sentence would serve as a launching point to even more complex and convoluted statements . Last night , he was particularly reserved , and you only had to be a college graduate to decipher it , according to the readability statistics . "	Language monitoring service says Palin spoke at 9.5 , Biden at 7.8 Candidates tied at sentences per paragraph and letters per word Higher grade level does n't mean a better sentence , expert says
CNN  -- Canadian Aleksandra Wozniak gave the Montreal crowd something to shout about by sealing a quarter-final place in the Rogers Cup tournament . It was the first time in two decades that a native had got so far in the tournament and it sets up a commentator 's nightmare as she takes on similar-sounding Caroline Wozniacki , the former world No. 1 . Wozniak overcame American Christina McHale in straight sets 7-6 6-3 in her third round encounter on Saturday after rain prevented her from finishing the job on Friday night . Meanwhile , Wozniacki overcame a problem with her right leg to beat American Varvara Lepchenko 4-6 6-3 6-4 . At one stage , Wozniacki received treatment on court for the injury , but it did n't stop the Danish player completing the task . It was a simple win for tournament second seed Agnieszka Radwanska , who secured a 6-2 6-4 win over Chanelle Scheepers , who has not won against top 20 seeds in the past 24 encounters . Frenchman Richard Gasquet booked his place in only his second senior final by beating the service game of American John Isner . The bronze-winning Olympian posted a 7-6 6-3 victory win Saturday . He is still waiting to find out who he will face in the final as rain hit the other semi-final between Novak Djokovic and Janko Tipsarevic .	Wozniak the first Canadian in 20 years to reach the quarter-final of Montreal tournament Former world number one Wozniacki overcomes leg injury to book her place in next round Frenchman Richard Gasquet wins over American John Isner to reach Toronto Masters final Olympic bronze medal winner Gasquet is playing in only his second final of his senior career
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- India 's child-rights watchdog has sought a report from police investigating allegations by a tabloid that the father of a "  Slumdog Millionaire " child star tried to sell her to an undercover reporter , the watchdog 's leader told CNN . Rubina Ali has backed her father over newspaper allegations he offered her to an undercover reporter . "  We have sought a report from them and will take a decision after seeing it , " said Shantha Sinha , who heads the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights . Meanwhile , authorities in Mumbai have recorded the statements of Rafiq Qureshi ; his "  Slumdog " daughter , Rubina Ali ; and his former wife , Khurshida Begum , senior police inspector Prakash Salunke told CNN . Qureshi has denied allegations made in Britain 's News of the World that he tried to sell 9-year-old Rubina for # 200,000  $ 290,000  , Salunke said . In her statement , the child-actor favored her father , according to the police . Qureshi 's former wife , whom he divorced several years ago , endorsed the allegations leveled against him by the British newspaper . Police are investigating , Salunke said . "  Slumdog Millionaire " won eight Oscars this year , including best picture . Director Danny Boyle 's rags-to-riches movie tells the story of a tea-boy at a Mumbai call center who earns a spot in the Indian version of the quiz show "  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? " He raises the suspicion of the show 's host when , despite the lack of a formal education , he begins to answer the increasingly difficult questions with ease . The movie is set largely among the poverty-stricken districts of Mumbai , which is home to Rubina and other "  Slumdog " child stars in real life .	Indian child-rights watchdog requests police report on alleged offer to sell child star Father of "  Slumdog 's " Rubina Ali , 9 , alleged to have offered her to undercover reporter Father has denied allegations in UK newspaper ; Indian police are investigating "  Slumdog Millionaire " used real children from poor neighborhoods of Mumbai
CNN  -- Stephan Mace of the Army 's 61st Cavalry Regiment knew the Taliban would be waiting for him when he returned to eastern Afghanistan in September . Stephan Mace , second from left , with his brothers and father . During a two-week leave in early September , the 21-year-old specialist sat on his father 's couch in Winchester , Virginia , and discussed his concerns over Forward Operating Base Keating in Kamdesh District , a region known as a Taliban stronghold . "  He talked about the village next to the base , that it had 300 Taliban , and they could n't do anything about it because they were in mosques hiding or with other civilians , " says his father , Larry Mace . "  They knew they were there and they could n't do anything about it and they killed them . " Mace was one of eight American soldiers killed in a 12-hour standoff on Saturday . That was the most Americans killed by hostile action in Afghanistan in a single day since last July , when nine soldiers died in Wanat , just 20 miles away . See where soldiers were killed " Some military analysts say the attacks underscore how outnumbered troops are in that region . The United States believes that about 200 insurgents had been planning Saturday 's attack for days , hiding mortars , rockets and heavy machine guns in the mountains , sources have told CNN . "  What were the lessons learned ? " Peter Bergen , a CNN terrorism analyst , said Saturday 's attack shows the extent to which lessons from last year 's attack have been implemented . "  It is supposed to be a lessons-learned exercise , " Bergen said . "  And then , exactly 20 miles away from the event about a year ago , exactly the same kind of attack happened . " In the Wanat fight , 49 U.S. troops were attacked by nearly 200 Taliban fighters , and the base was later abandoned . "  So , you have to ask yourself , what were the lessons learned ? Or were the lessons not implemented ? And these remote combat outposts , you know , are obviously sitting ducks , " Bergen said . See photos from Afghanistan " Mace was aware of the dangers he faced , but he still felt a duty to return , his father said . "  He wanted to make a difference , he was n't afraid . He felt it was something he had to do , " he said . Like many who died with him , Mace was drawn to the service by a sense of duty , be it to country or family . But he did n't see himself in the military forever . An avid athlete and outdoorsman with a passion for exploration , Mace talked about helping a friend operate a tour company in South Africa , where he had spent three summers . The idea started in his hometown of Purcellville , Virginia , where he worked in a vet clinic with a woman who was married to a South African . "  As he always did , Stephan became good friends with this man , and he invited him out there as a guest . He was just a great kid . You met him , and you immediately liked him , " his father said . "  The guy he befriended would say , ` Africa was n't big enough to keep Stephan down . He needed the world , ' " he said . As a child , Mace jumped from one sport to the next , competing nationally in Motocross at 9 before deciding to leave it so he could take up basketball , then later , football in high school . "  He excelled in everything he did . He loved to shoot , which is why I think he joined the military , so he could make a difference doing something he loved , " his father said . "  I 'm sure that 's how he died . " Devotion to duty , devotion to family Others who died alongside Mace on Saturday joined the Army so they could support their families . Staff Sgt. Vernon Martin was devoted to his wife and three children , his mother-in-law said . When he was in the United States , Staff Sgt. Vernon W. Martin of Savannah , Georgia , devoted nearly all his time to his three children , his mother-in-law said . "  He always put them kids before my daughter , a hard-working man who did what he could to provide for those babies . He did what it took to make ends meet , " Sonja Manior said . Martin and his three children "  pretty much lived " in Chuck E. Cheese , their favorite place to play and spend time together , Manior said . "  He loved playing around with his kids and seeing them smile . He had a beautiful smile . I loved that smile , my grandson got that smile about him , " Manior said . Originally from New York , Martin 's family moved to Savannah when he was a child . He married his high school sweetheart , Brittany , and enlisted after the couple had their first child . The family lived near the Army base in Fort Carson , Colorado , for a few years , and they planned on moving back to Savannah permanently after Martin returned home next year . Martin , 25 , called home frequently , making his last call the night before he was killed . "  They always got their 15 minutes in to talk about what the kids was doing , what they were doing . He was supposed to call the next day before his son 's soccer game , " Manior recalled . "  But he never called . We thought he must be working or something . Never thought something like this would have happened , " she said . "  The harsh reality of kids going into the military " The small community in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula where Specialist Christopher T. Griffin is from is still reeling from the news of his death , his high school principal said . "  You see on -LSB- the -RSB- news all the time that people -LSB- in the military -RSB- lose their lives , but in a school our size , you never think it could be one of yours , " said Mark Pavloski , principal of Rudyard High School , where Griffin graduated from in 2004 . Christopher Griffin 's hometown is still shocked by the news of his death , his former high school principal says . "  You see it as an opportunity to find a career or go into college . But that 's the harsh reality of kids going into the military , that this could happen . " Griffin , 24 , of Kincheloe , attended Rudyard High for his freshman , junior and senior years , the principal said . People who knew Griffin in high school said he spoke of going into the military , but he never made a show of it , Pavloski said . "  He was a very hard-working young man , very conscientious , very unassuming . He was n't one of those kids who needed to be the center of attention , but he wanted to be successful and he wanted to be in the military . " He had a competitive streak that showed through in turns on the junior varsity football team and varsity wrestling team , the principal said . "  He worked extremely hard in weight room to be successful , " he said . "  He was quiet and very soft-spoken , but attentive . He wanted to succeed . " Remembering other soldiers A math teacher who knew Sgt. Michael P. Scusa , 22 , of Villas , New Jersey , also described him as an unassuming young man who knew he wanted to join the military . "  He had a buddy , and they always talked about going into the service . He was very passionate about it , " said Valerie Davis , who taught Scusa 11th - and 12th-grade math at Lower Cape May Regional High School . "  He was a quiet kid in -LSB- the -RSB- classroom , but he did n't follow the other students . He did what he felt was the right thing . " Scusa lived in Fort Carson with his wife and 1-year-old son , Connor Allen , whom he had named after another fallen soldier , according to CNN affiliate WPVI . Other soldiers who died in Saturday 's firefight were remembered for their zeal for life . The girlfriend of Pfc. Kevin Thomson of Reno , Nevada , described him as a lively person who was friends with everyone , according to the Colorado Springs Gazette . "  Everyone loved him , " Jessica Seltzer said of Thomson , 22 . "  He could make anyone smile , no matter how bad their day was . " Relatives described Sgt. Joshua M. Hardt , 24 , of Applegate , California , as an outgoing athlete who followed his older brother into the Army , his former stepfather told the Gazette . "  He was a typical , all-around good kid , " James Bell Sr. said of Hardt , who lived at Fort Carson with his wife , according to the Gazette . The family of Sgt. Justin T. Gallegos , 27 , learned he had already received two Purple Hearts for being wounded only after his death Saturday , a family friend told news station KVOA . "  He was an unsung hero . He was not the type of a man who touted his accolades . That 's Justin , " Bessie Guadiana-Hoffman told KVOA . The father of a 5-year-old son , Gallegos was on his third deployment to the Middle East after two tours in Iraq , Guadiana-Hoffman told KVOA . "  He would get really upset when people would put down the United States for being at war . He said we do n't choose to be at war . We choose to help end the war . Unfortunately the war ended his life , " she said . Sgt. Joshua J. Kirk , 30 , of South Portland , Maine , left behind a wife and 2-year-old daughter , according to CNN affiliates . His wife declined to comment when reached by phone Tuesday night . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Stephan Mace told his father he knew the Taliban were near his base "  They knew they were there and they could n't do anything about it , " father says Staff Sgt. Vernon W. Martin , 25 , loved spending time with his kids at Chuck E. Cheese Mace , Martin among 8 Americans who died Saturday in attack in eastern Afghanistan
New York  CNN  -- The New York City Marathon -- scheduled for Sunday -- was canceled Friday amid burgeoning criticism as the area recovers from the devastation wrought by Superstorm Sandy , city and race officials said . Mayor Michael Bloomberg had said earlier in the week the race would go on -- despite transportation , power and other issues -- contending , among other things , that businesses could use the economic boost the event provides . But on Friday , he and the race 's organizer issued a joint statement saying they 'd decided to cancel the race because they did "  not want a cloud to hang over the race or its participants . " "  While holding the race would not require diverting resources from the recovery effort , it is clear that it has become the source of controversy and division , " the statement said . "  We can not allow a controversy over an athletic event -- even one as meaningful as this -- to distract attention away from all the critically important work that is being done to recover from the storm and get our city back on track . " In the end , marathon did n't feel right The announcement was widely applauded on social media with Twitter posts such as , "  Finally ... Marathon Cancelled ! After Days of Pressure , #Marathon Is Off . " In a Friday evening press conference , Deputy Mayor Howard Wolfson elaborated on the cancellation of an event he said is traditionally "  one of the very best days in the city , a moment of unity ... and joy . " Yet the growing criticism of the race weighed on officials , including the sense that some New Yorkers "  found the marathon -- the very idea of it -- to be painful . " "  It was clear that this was not going to be a celebration of New York . It was going to be a divisive , difficult day , " Wolfson said . "  That 's not what anybody wanted . " Mary Wittenberg , the CEO of the New York Road Runners , said one factor in the decision to nix this year 's race was what she saw as an emerging "  animosity toward the runners . " "  We became concerned that ... no runner -- the best in the world or somebody hoping to finish -- was going to receive the welcome that we thought they 'd receive , " Wittenberg said . Officials have been meeting for days to discuss what to do about the marathon , with a number of options being considered . These included postponing the race a few weeks , altering the course , having a shorter 10-mile event , or even having a marathon just for the elite runners that had come to New York . Crippled NY subways spark infrastructure , climate questions But Wittenberg said the decision was made to cancel this year 's race entirely , cognizant of the real-life strains on volunteers and that many participants had planned everything around a November 4 race date . While there has been significant progress since Sandy , large swaths of the city remained without power Friday and public transit options remain limited . First held in 1970 , the New York City Marathon attracts about 47,000 runners and 12,000 volunteers -- not to mention an estimated 2.5 million spectators who annually line the course , which goes through all five city boroughs . The race had been scheduled to begin Sunday morning on Staten Island , where runners would have crossed the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge into Brooklyn and run through Queens before crossing the 59th Street Bridge into Manhattan and the Bronx . But the 26.2-mile course does not include lower Manhattan , where heavy flooding left many neighborhoods in the dark . Even with the travel woes caused by Sandy , about 40,000 runners were expected to run this year 's marathon , according to Wittenberg . In addition to promising them places in the 2013 race , she apologized to them for the cancellation . "  We are really sorry to the runners who have come from around the world , " Wittenberg said . "  We ask for their patience and understanding . " Health risks after Sandy CNN 's Eden Pontz , Chris Kokenes , Deborah Feyerick and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Some "  found the marathon -- the very idea of it -- to be painful , " the deputy mayor says The race organizer says she was concerned about animosity toward runners Social media posts applaud the decision to cancel the race The 26.2-mile course typically winds across New York 's five boroughs
CNN  -- Nicole and Chad Oulson , the parents of 22-month-old Alexis , did n't get many date nights , let alone an entire day together . So Nicole was delighted the two were headed to a Wesley Chapel , Florida , movie theater for some adult time . "  I was just looking forward to spending the day with the love of my life , " a tearful Nicole Oulson said Wednesday . "  And just to think that , in the blink of an eye , my whole world just got shattered into a million pieces , and now I 'm left trying to pick them up and put them all back together . And It 's so hard , and it 's so unbearable . " Nicole Oulson , speaking for the first time since her husband was gunned down January 13 , wore a pink cast over her arm , covering a gunshot wound that police say she suffered while trying to protect her husband from Curtis Reeves that harrowing afternoon . Flanked by her attorneys , she spoke for only a minute , thanking those who have offered support and prayers in "  this horrible time of grief and sadness . " Her main focus right now is taking care of Alexis , she said . "  Right now , I 'm just still trying to recover from the shock , " she said . Asked how Alexis was handling the loss of her father , attorney TJ Grimaldi said the toddler was fortunate to be so young . "  I think we 're all lucky that she 's as young as she really is , " he said . "  She does n't understand everything right now , so all she knows , I think , is that Daddy 's not there . And in my opinion , being a father , that 's enough . " Reeves , a 71-year-old retired Tampa police officer , got into an altercation with Chad Oulson because Oulson was texting Alexis ' babysitter during the previews for "  Lone Survivor , " police said . The 6-foot-1 , 270-pound Reeves , who was also with his wife for the matinee at the Grove 16 Theatre in suburban Tampa , left the auditorium , apparently to complain to management , police said . Reeves returned "  irritated , " a witness said . The argument continued and popcorn was thrown . "  The defendant advised that the victim turned and stood up , striking him in the face with an unknown object , " a police report said . "  The defendant advised that he removed the .380 - semi-auto handgun from his pants pocket , firing one round , striking the victim , and that he was in fear of being attacked . " The witness said after Reeves shot Oulson , he sat down and put the gun in his lap . Attorneys Grimaldi and Stephen Leal would not discuss many details of the case , but they did address Reeves ' claim of self-defense and his defense team 's efforts to persuade a judge to grant him bail . "  You can claim self-defense or you can claim your client had a mental health issue , " Leal said , explaining his opinion that Reeves ' attorneys had limited options . "  It 's one or the other . " Grimaldi added that Nicole Oulson "  does n't understand what he was defending himself over . " For Reeves to be eligible for bail on his second-degree murder charge , he would have to demonstrate that he is n't a flight risk and that he poses no danger to the community . Defense attorney Richard Escobar told a judge earlier this month , to no avail , that Reeves had close ties to the community , was a former Hernando County Crime Stoppers president , lived with his wife of more than four decades in a neighboring county , and had two children , one of whom is a Tampa patrol officer with more than a decade of service . The attorney also said that Reeves was the victim in the altercation and that Chad Oulson was the "  aggressor . " Neighbors and family friends told CNN affiliates that Reeves was a friendly fellow , completely unlike the man described in news reports about the shooting . Nicole Oulson 's attorneys did not discuss whether Reeves was a flight risk Wednesday , but they both expressed doubt that the community would be safe if he was released before trial . Leal said he doubts anyone could "  reasonably " convince a judge that Reeves posed no risk to the public . "  Everyone with a cell phone is at risk . You never know when this guy 's going to go off again , " Grimaldi added . The attorneys thanked Westshore Pizza and Sky Powersports , where Chad Oulson worked , for arranging fund-raisers and setting up a memorial fund that has garnered about $ 20,000 for the Oulsons . The attorneys said they will manage the fund and dole out the money as needed to Nicole Oulson , whose hand is "  getting better . " Couple describes encounter with Curtis Reeves Heroes responded in aftermath of shooting One piece still missing : Why ?	Nicole Oulson wore a pink arm cast over the gunshot wound she got protecting husband "  I 'm just still trying to recover from the shock , " she said in first statement since shooting Attorney : Daughter Alexis , 1 , does n't understand and knows only "  that Daddy 's not there " Ex-cop Curtis Reeves faces murder charge after shooting Chad Oulson in Florida theater
CNN  -- Pillow menus , Wi-Fi included in room charge , made-to-order omelets at the breakfast buffet -- these are the ho-hum trappings hotels are offering these days to get your business . Hotels across Latin America , however , offer the kind of unique and memorable perks that actually might get you to book a stay . Worry dolls  Casa Palopó , Santa Catarina Palopó , Guatemala This stylish seven-bedroom property overlooking Lake Atitlán adds a twist to turn-down service . On the night of check-in , staff place a pouch containing a set of traditional Guatemalan worry dolls atop your bed . Local lore holds that if you place the dolls under your pillow at night , they 'll take your worries away as you sleep . Casa Palopó , Km . 6.8 Santa Catarina Palopó , Solola , Guatemala ; +502 7762 2270 ; contact hotel for rates Oxygen enrichment  Palacio Nazarenas , Cusco , Peru Housed in a former convent , this cozy retreat takes your breath away -- literally . Because the hotel is located 11,152 feet above sea level , the lungs take some time to adjust , leaving some guests gasping . To combat altitude sickness , the hotel pumps extra oxygen into rooms through the air-conditioning system . Palacio Nazarenas , Plaza Nazarenas 144 , Cusco , Peru ; +51 8 458 2222 ; from $ 375 per night Business cards  Bristol Panama , Panama City Located in Panama City 's bustling financial district , the Bristol is a biz travel standby . You do n't have to be a CEO to appreciate the free business cards the hotel prints up for guests , which include their name , personal telephone number and hotel 's fax line . Bristol Panama , Avda . Aquilino de la Guardia , Panama City ; +507 264 0000 ; from $ 189 per night Fountain of Youth  UXUA Casa Hotel & Spa , Trancoso , Brazil Who does n't love a good hotel pool ? Especially one with healing powers . UXUA 's supposed fountain of youth is constructed of 40,000 local luminescent-green aventurine quartz stones that are believed to have the most potent healing properties of any gem . Uxua Casa Hotel & Spa , Quadrado Trancoso , Bahia , Brazil ; +55 73 3668 2277 ; from $ 425 Hermés swag  Alvear Palace Hotel , Buenos Aires If you 're one of those travelers who socks away the stash of hotel toiletries , you 'll waste no time pilfering the luxe lotions at this elegant hotel . They 're made by Hermés , and include the popular Eau d'Orange Verte unisex fragrance created by famed perfumer Françoise Caron back in 1979 . Alvear Palace Hotel , Avda . Alvear 1891 , Buenos Aires ; +54 11 4808 2100 ; from $ 480 per night Fender guitar and amp  Hard Rock Hotel Panama Megapolis , Panama City With Hard Rock 's exclusive Sound of Your Stay program , you can pretend to be anyone from Keef to Coldplay on world tour . Upon request , digital music-mixing software is loaded on your in-room laptop , and you can borrow one of 20 Fender guitars , complete with amp and headphones -- all you need to supply are three chords and some world-weary lyrics and you 're set to record the next "  On the Road Again " travel anthem . For the ultimate rocker-like stay , you can tell people you coptered in via the hotel 's helipad . Hard Rock Hotel Panama , Ave. Balboa al lado de Multicentro , Panama City ; +507 380 1111 ; from $ 159 per night History lessons  JW Marriott Cusco , Cusco , Peru Surrounded by magnificent archaeological sites , this landmark hotel has its own history worth exploring . It 's built on the grounds of a 16th-century San Agustin convent , and has been meticulously restored to showcase original Incan architectural details , some of which are located in select guestrooms . Free guided tours exploring the ancient remains and artifacts are offered nightly . JW Marriott Cusco , Esquina de la Calle Ruinas 432 y San Agustin , Cusco , Peru ; +51 84 582 200 ; from $ 225 per night Treehouse meals  Pacuare Lodge , Limón , Costa Rica An eco-friendly retreat surrounded by lush jungle , the Pacuare Lodge offers guests a unique eating experience . Located 60 feet up in the branches of a Ceiba tree , The Nest is a canopied perch that holds up to four people -- it can be reserved for breakfast , lunch or dinner  complete with candles  . There 's action even before you sit down . To access The Nest you must slide down a 400-foot cable . Pacuare Lodge , 2 1/2 hours east of San José airport on Pacuare River , Limón , Costa Rica , hotel arranges transportation ; +506 2225 3939 ; rates from $ 377 per night Polo lessons  Estancia Vik Jose Ignacio , Punta del Este , Uruguay Among this resort 's 4,000 acres you 'll find a full-size , world-class polo field that plays host to professional matches featuring some of the game 's biggest names . So what if you ca n't name any of them ? If you want to get out there and swing a mallet yourself , the hotel offers private polo lessons . Estancia Vik Jose Ignacio , Camino Eugenio Saiz Martinez , Km . 8 , Punta del Este , Uruguay ; +5989 4 605 212 ; rates from $ 385 per night Observatory  Hotel de Larache , San Pedro de Atacama , Chile Chile 's Altiplano region may have the driest desert on earth , but there 's nothing barren about its night skies . The area is a center for serious astronomy , and this luxury lodge from the Explora travel company has taken advantage of its location by opening its own observatory , with a powerful , 16-inch , advanced-optics Meade telescope that allows guests to marvel at the wild black yonder . Hotel de Larache , Domingo Atienza s/n , Ayllu de Larache , San Pedro de Atacama , Chile ; +56 2 2395 2800 ; from $ 2,790  three-night minimum Pole-dancing classes  Paradisus Playa del Carmen La Perla , Playa del Carmen , Mexico Lots of hotels offer free fitness classes , but this all-inclusive may be the only one with gratis pole-dancing lessons . The 60-minute classes are held twice a week in an outdoor palapa , and are more about strengthening and stretching than stripping . So we 're told . Guest experience manager Sadri Alexander admits when he first suggested the idea , people thought he was nuts . But the classes have become so popular that the hotel has had to add more poles . Paradisus Playa del Carmen La Perla , 5ª Av . Esq Calle 112 , Col. Luis Donaldo Colosio , Playa del Carmen , Mexico ; +52 984 877 3900 ; from $ 462 a night  all-inclusive Tree planting  Los Suenos Marriott Ocean & Golf Resort , Herradura , Costa Rica If you like green travel , you might appreciate Los Suenos ' Reforest the Rainforest initiative . Situated amid a 1,100-acre rainforest that 's home to more than 150 animal species , including the increasingly scarce scarlet macaw , the hotel has set aside an area along the La Iguana Golf Course where guests can plant a tropical almond sapling , a native tree donated to the hotel by a nearby national park . Los Suenos Marriott Ocean & Golf Resort , 60 miles southwest of San José airport in Herradura , Costa Rica , contact hotel for directions ; +506 2630 9000 ; from $ 309 per night Rum ... lots  Mukul Beach , Golf & Spa , Rivas , Nicaragua The family that owns this gorgeous property on Nicaragua 's Emerald Coast is responsible for the 100-year-old Flor de Caña Rum company . Guests not only receive a complimentary bottle of five-year-old Flor de Caña rum in their room each day  along with mixers , snacks and juice  , they can order free cocktails made with Flor de Caña at the bar or pool until 5 p.m. They 're also privy to a rum tasting with the hotel 's official rum connoisseur . Mukul Beach , Golf & Spa , Km . 10 Carretera Tola-Las Salinas , Rivas , Nicaragua ; +505 2563-7100 ; from $ 550 a night Warrior dogs  Sandos Caracol Eco-Resort & Spa , Playa del Carmen , Mexico You wo n't feel as bad leaving Fido behind during your stay at this sprawling beachfront resort . That 's because the hotel has Mayan "  warrior " dogs -- a breed known as Xoloitzcuintle that dates back 3,000 years -- that you can take for a walk around the property . Along the way , you might encounter some of the numerous critters roaming the grounds , including spider monkeys and sea turtles . There 's also an onsite zoo with donkeys , deer , peacocks and more . Sandos Caracol Eco-Resort & Spa , Carretera Chetumal Puerto Juarez Km . 295 , Solidaridad , Playa del Carmen , Mexico ; +52 984 873 4444 ; from $ 294 a night Some of the perks listed above require an extra charge , including polo lessons at Estancia Vik Jose Ignacio and meal charges at The Nest at Pacuare Lodge . We list them as "  perks " because a hotel stay provides what can otherwise be difficult to obtain access .	From warrior dogs to worry dolls , these hotels deliver unique extras Chile 's Hotel de Larache has its own observatory , with a powerful , advanced-optics Meade telescope The Hard Rock Hotel Panama Megapolis provides guests with a Fender guitar and amp
CNN  St. Valentine 's Day is upon us , Pope Francis recently placed more people on the path to sainthood , and I got married a few months ago . That conjunction of events has sparked a question : I wonder if my wife and I could ever be named saints , as a couple ? I 'm not being egotistical : I am far from saintly  my wife , Angelika , is closer  . But , in any case , the church instructs Catholics to aspire to sainthood . Unfortunately , the odds for us married folk seem terrible . Of more than 10,000 formally recognized saints , only about 500 have been married , even though many billions of married people have roamed the Earth over the centuries . And things look really bleak for couples hoping to clear the sanctity hurdle together . Mary and Joseph , the parents of Jesus , attained sanctity as a couple ; so did Mary 's parents , John the Baptist 's parents , and a handful of other couples . But what about more accessible role models than the Biblical era titans ? Let 's see . Saints Isidore and Maria , a simple Spanish farmer and his wife , have made the cut , recognized for their piety , charity , devotion to each other , and hard work on behalf of their community . Bravo for them and for the church , because they embody Catholicism 's fundamental claim : Every person is equally dignified , and sanctity has nothing to do with connections , eye-catching exploits , or prominent church office . Rather , each life presents equal opportunities for exemplary holiness . Still , I confess some queasiness about them as role models of conjugal love . According to some accounts , Isidore and Maria eventually began living in separate houses in order to abstain from sexual relations . And , Isidore 's wife is sometimes known as Santa Maria de la Cabeza , St. Mary of the Head , because her well-preserved head is revered as a relic . Though enamored of traditional Catholic devotions and desirous of sanctity , I would prefer to spare my beloved Angelika the dubious posthumous honor of having her head set aside as a relic . Besides , they lived in the 12th century . Are there more recent role model couples , both canonized saints , to inspire Angelika and me on our married journey ? I could find none . I consulted John Fink , author of "  Married Saints , " and Bert Ghezzi , author of "  Voices of the Saints , " and they were n't aware of any either . Really ? My church has been unable to find any couples from the last nine centuries who have together , "  practiced heroic virtue and lived in fidelity to God 's grace , " as our Catechism defines sanctity ? Heck , my parents would seem to fit that definition , and a few of their contemporaries also leap to mind . In fact , if an exemplary life of heroic virtue is the criterion , married couple saints must surely abound . How many impoverished couples over the centuries , for starters , have remained deeply faithful to each other and to God , while sacrificing heroically to raise children and support neighbors in war zones , amid inner city chaos , despite religious persecution , or amid chronic famine . If that 's not heroic virtue , what is ? Some may nitpick my argument , uncover some sainted couple I overlooked , or call attention to two beatified couples now on the sainthood path -- thankfully ! Or , they may note that Catholicism considers all those in heaven to be saints  regardless of whether they have been formally canonized  , or point out that married couples were surely among martyrs the church remembers in groups like the 120 martyr saints of China , or the 124 Korean martyrs  . But the Catholic Church , perhaps more than any other institution , knows the power of symbols . We worship beneath stained glass windows , amid candlelight and incense . And the practice of having recognized so incredibly few married couples by name is a terrible symbol that contradicts what we Catholics preach about married love . After all , Pope Benedict XVI called marriage , "  the icon of the relationship between God and his people . " Could we not find a few more real-life icons who incarnated Benedict 's beautiful image ? Pope Francis has thrilled me and the world by his ability to present Catholicism 's truths and beauties in new ways . I would humbly ask the Holy Father to fix our skewed saint-making process by offering dozens more exemplars of fun , blissful , holy , married love . Under Pope Francis ' enlightened leadership , we are trying to become ever more a church that is "  poor , and for the poor " : let 's confront the fact that the saint-making process inordinately favors those with connections and resources . There are religious orders that staff a full-time position to support the canonization cause of one or more of their deceased ; the New York Archdiocese recently shipped a 20,000-page dossier to Rome to support one religious sister 's sainthood cause . Such investments of time and effort are unthinkable for most of us who fondly recall holy and loving parents , grandparents or ancestors . A change could not be timelier : Pope Francis has launched the Synod on the Family , a yearlong reflection on the joys and struggles of married couples and their loved ones . The Synod 's interim report cautions against , "  proclaiming a merely theoretical message , " and , as Pope Paul VI famously observed , "  Modern man listens more willingly to witnesses than to teachers . " So , Pope Francis , with Valentine 's Day upon us , please instruct the Vatican bureaucrats to elevate more witnesses , flesh-and-blood saintly icons of married love from centuries past ! In the meanwhile , my wife Angelika and I are loving each other and our married life , and we welcome all saints and sinners , whatever their spiritual or religious tradition , to share their advice for a happy , holy marriage .	It 's been nearly 9 centuries since the Catholic Church formally canonized a married couple The saint-making process inordinately favors those with connections and resources , Chris Lowney argues
DULUTH , Georgia  CNN  -- Neither the on-the-field fame nor the off-the-field notoriety of former Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick was enough to spark a bidding war for his suburban Atlanta mansion Tuesday . No one submitted the minimum $ 3.2 million bid for former Falcon Michael Vick 's Atlanta-area mansion . The multimillion-dollar home in Duluth was on the auction block Tuesday , but just three real estate agents showed up -- and one of them , Lance Hempen of Funari Realty , was a listing agent who had no clients interested in the property . No one offered a bid , so the auction ended before it began . The auction required a minimum bid of $ 3.2 million , with a deposit of $ 160,000 . Vick , 28 , is serving a 23-month sentence after pleading guilty in August 2007 to a federal conspiracy charge of bankrolling a dogfighting operation at a home he owned in Virginia . He is expected to be released early , possibly in May , and to serve the final two months or so of his sentence under home confinement , most likely in Virginia . No dogfights occurred in Duluth , 40 miles northeast of Atlanta . The home , in the upscale Sugarloaf Country Club community , has been on the market for more than a year . It has eight bedrooms , 11 bathrooms , a four-car garage and a movie theater , among other deluxe features . Narender Reddy of Metro Brokers/GMAC Real Estate said his client offered $ 3.2 million for the home two months ago , but the auction organizers said they wanted to see whether someone would offer more . Reddy said his client withdrew the bid but remains interested . "  Why would I let them use my offer as a benchmark ? " Reddy asked . "  I wanted to see who was going to bid and what were they going to offer . " He will advise his client to offer less money now , Reddy said . Seema Jain of Virtual Properties Realty also was on hand . She said that she has interested buyers but that they did n't want to bid if there was no competition . The next step is to be determined by the bankruptcy judge in Virginia who ordered the sale . Reddy said the price is too high for today 's economy . "  It is the economy that is dictating the price of the houses , and I 'm sure most of the people still think $ 3.2 million ... is higher than what the market can fetch , " he said . Jain said no one seems turned off by Vick 's reputation . "  Nobody cares about who owns it . It 's just the product and the location , " she said . Reddy said the home is "  well-built , has a lake view and an excellent floor plan . " CNN 's Amanda Moyer and Deb Krajnak contributed to this report .	No one submitted minimum $ 3.2 million bid for Michael Vick 's mansion Vick , former quarterback of the Atlanta Falcons , is in prison He was convicted last year in connection with dogfighting operation Mansion in Duluth , Georgia , has eight bedrooms , 11 bathrooms
CNN  Taiwan , are you getting a new sex theme park or just teasing us ? The word on the street -- or on the Internet at least -- is that plans are afoot to develop an erotic entertainment attraction on the island 's Southwest Coast National Scenic Area . After interest was aroused by details posted on the region 's official website , however , the page was quickly taken down . The park 's administration director , Cheng Rong-fong , confirmed with CNN that the proposal is real , but he insists it 's just a concept at this point . "  The ideal plan is to realize the proposal within this year if we can gain support from the local government , " said Cheng . Details of the plan , circulated by a user on Taiwan 's popular PTT online bulletin board , outlined a "  Taiwan Romantic Boulevard " sightseeing route with four zones stretching across three counties . Each stage has a different theme : "  dating paradise , " "  scenic spot for wedding gowns , " "  silk road of love " and a proposed 10,000-meter-square "  sex theme park . " The sex theme park -- or "  Garden of Eden " as it 's called in the proposal -- will be modeled after other erotic parks around the world including Jeju 's Loveland in South Korea and Vigeland Park in Oslo , Norway . Claiming to be educational , the park will serve as the final stop of the four-stage journey of love . It 'll be divided into different sections , covering topics including sex positions , unusual sex lives and sex toys . "  The dating paradise is perfect for those who are more than friends but are n't officially a couple yet , " the proposal said . Cheng said that the proposal should n't have been made public before being finalized , but insisted , if realized , that it will help regenerate a neglected area . "  The southwestern coast of Taiwan has been an important salt farm since the Qing Dynasty , " he says . "  It has a unique background , culture and ecological value . Yet , a decade after it was declared a national scenic area , it still has n't received much attention from tourists . So we thought to ourselves , is it time to try a new mode of thinking ? "  The white powdery salt hill and salt farm have always emitted a romantic feeling for visitors coming to the area , " said Cheng . "  That 's why we came up with the idea to be the first dating/wedding-themed park in Taiwan . " The proposal generated heated debate online . "  This is the first time I find a government proposal interesting , " said one online critic , according to Taiwan 's Now News . Another said : "  We surpass Japan . The pride of Taiwan . " "  This is too out of line , " posted another . "  And soon the government will start promoting sex tourism . " Chang Huang-chen , the deputy commissioner for Yunlin County , the sex park 's proposed home , told the Taipei Times that the idea may not be suitable for traditional-minded locals . Cheng said he 'd received mostly supportive comments , but he welcomed different opinions . "  Sex has always been a taboo in Chinese society , " he added . "  But it 's a part of our lives and a very natural thing -- why ca n't we discuss it openly and generously ? " Aside from the sex park , the rest of the proposal makes use of existing attractions . "  We 're planning to add around 100 landmarks and installations to each of stage to enrich the experience , " said Cheng . The proposed route starts at the scenic six-story-high salt hill in Cigu County . It then leads to Beimen , a place famous for its vibrant pre-wedding photo-shooting industry , where "  churches " and dozens of other romantic landmarks are built for that purpose . The third destination , Budai , is a fishing town in Chiayi . The proposal calls it the right place to take your oath before heading to the sex theme park .	Proposal to build the first sex park in Taiwan posted online The sex theme park will explore topics from different sex positions to sex toys The park 's spokesperson confirmed the plan but stressed that it 's just an idea at this stage
MORRISTOWN , New Jersey  CNN  -- Since the beginning of the year the family clinic at the Children 's Hospital of New Jersey has seen an influx of young children coming in for flu shots . New Jersey requires children from 6 months to 5 years old to get the flu vaccine to attend daycare or pre-school . The rush for vaccinations is prompted by a new law that makes New Jersey the only state requiring children between 6 months and 5 years old to get the flu vaccine to attend a licensed daycare or pre-school . The deadline for the flu shot requirement was December 31 . Some parents are upset about the requirement . John General and Alnisa Bernabela brought their 4-year-old twins Jahmein and Jameir to the clinic last week for the flu shots . "  I 'm really not okay with it because I think it should have been my choice , " said Bernabela . "  By them forcing this , I feel like our rights have been violated , " said General , holding his crying son Jameir being vaccinated . Last fall , hundreds of parents with the New Jersey Coalition for Vaccination Choice challenged the flu shot requirement at a rally in Trenton , New Jersey . The NJCVC and parents interviewed by CNN , expressed concern about the safety of influenza vaccines and possible long-term effects on young children . But the New Jersey Department of Health says the new law is for the public good citing Centers for Disease and Control and Prevention numbers showing an average of 20,000 children under age 5 are hospitalized nationwide each year because of influenza complications . "  Parents are certainly concerned about the health and safety of their children , " says Dr. Christina Tan , state epidemiologist for the New Jersey Department of Health . "  But it 's equally important to understand that the flu vaccine is safe and effective in preventing illness , not only in children , but also among the community as a whole . " Many doctors support the decision , saying it helps protect a higher risk population . Some parents object to mandatory vaccines " "  Kids under the age of 5 are targeted by this recommendation because when they get the disease they get sicker than adults do . They also are the ones who are more likely to transmit the flu because they are in closed quarters , " said Dr. Nwando Anyaoku , who heads the clinic at the Children 's Hospital of New Jersey . She says influenza tends to peak in New Jersey towards the end of January through early February . Jennifer Frank says she 's committed to the public health goal but not on the state 's schedule . Her 2-year-old son Caleb was hospitalized twice for extreme eczema as an infant . At one point , he was on a feeding tube , and she says he could n't get vaccinated . "  There was literally no clear space to put a needle , " says Jennifer Frank . Caleb 's doctors were stumped and could n't make a diagnosis for his condition . Since then , the Franks with their pediatrician 's approval , have Caleb on a delayed vaccination schedule . As a result , they did n't meet the state 's December 31 flu shot deadline and now their local board of health has banned Caleb from pre-school . "  When he gets his shots , that same rash flares up , " says Joshua Frank , the father of Caleb . "  You know , it 's frightening . It 's very real . And for them to say , ` Well , we do n't care , even though your doctors agree with you , ' is outrageous . " The Franks have appealed the local board of health 's decision all the way to the state level , but officials have not wavered . While New Jersey does offer medical exemptions for some children , the rules are specific , and eczema is not considered a valid medical reason for delaying the flu vaccine . "  By allowing broader exemptions this could potentially erode the very core of protection , " says Tan . But the Franks believe the new law should include an appeal procedure , especially for families like theirs that are willing to vaccinate their children . New Jersey Republican Assemblywoman Charlotte Vandervalk has been working on legislation to allow parents to decide which vaccines they want their child to receive . "  The bill gives conscientious objection so that people can opt out of certain vaccines . Maybe they want some vaccines and not others and this would give them the right to do that , " said Vandervalk . For now , though , Caleb must remain out of school . He 's confused as to why he ca n't return . "  He does n't understand what 's going on , " says Jennifer Frank . "  It 's been hard to explain it to him . " The New Jersey Department of Health says it wo n't immediately know what kind of effect the new flu shot requirement will have on the state 's population . "  As far as trying to identify whether there 's actually a drop in disease incidence in the community , that 's going to be a longer term type of evaluation that we 're starting to look at , " says Tan . American Morning correspondent Alina Cho contributed to this report	New Jersey requires flu vaccine for children to attend daycare , pre-school Some parents oppose new law ; believe it should be their choice to vaccinate kids Flu vaccine is safe ; many doctors believe law protects a higher-risk population
CNN  -- Apple CEO Steve Jobs is back on the job after a six-month medical leave , the company said Monday . Steve Jobs , Apple 's CEO , is back at work , a company spokesman said Monday . "  Steve Jobs is back to work . He is at Apple a few days a week and working from home the other days , " Apple spokesman Steve Dowling said . "  We 're glad to have him back . " Dowling would not comment further on specifics . Jobs 's return may do little to quell the tech community 's obsession with his health and future role at the hip tech company . Bloggers and tech-news writers are asking many questions about Jobs ' return , including : Would Apple be fine without its famous chief executive ? What does Jobs ' health mean for Apple stock ? And why has Jobs ' health been such a drooled-over story ? Jobs , a 54-year-old pancreatic cancer survivor , had a liver transplant about two months ago . Apple , maker of the iPhone , iPods and Mac computers , had remained mum on Jobs ' status except to repeat , over and over , that Jobs would return to work by the end of June . There have been online posts by CNBC and the UK 's Telegraph saying that Apple 's chief executive made a brief return to the company 's Cupertino , California , headquarters last week . But the timing is n't the most important piece of this story . What Jobs means to Apple and to the tech world has more impact . Here 's what some of the online community is saying : The BBC has an interesting post on why Jobs has become such a tech rock star and why personalities are so important in the tech community : "  A big part has to do with how he has transformed Apple and its products into some of the most talked-about in the world . And , of course , there is the whole issue of his health five years after his battle with pancreatic cancer and what it means to the future of this publicly-traded company , " Maggie Shiels writes on the site 's dot.life blog . "  Mr Jobs appears to be a complete enigma . He does n't give interviews ; he is described as a genius and a visionary ; he does n't want to talk about the past and he only wants to focus on the future . " Apple has done just fine without Jobs -- and because of him , according to Alex Pham of the Los Angeles Times . "  Although such prominent investors as Warren Buffett fretted last week about the company 's future without its charismatic chief executive , longtime observers say Jobs has built an institutional mirror of himself in Apple with senior executives who share many of his values and outlook , " Pham writes . Some say Jobs ' return will have little effect on the direction Apple takes in the near term . "  He 's an iconic figure that everybody wants around . He 's the world 's greatest salesman and that 's irreplaceable , " Gene Munster , a senior research analyst at Piper Jaffray , told CNN . "  But as far as the product direction and the product quality , the road map for the next five years is already in place -LSB- at Apple -RSB- . " PC Magazine takes a similar slant , writing Jobs likely will start a new role at Apple upon his return . He 'll be less of the company 's day-to-day face and more of its visionary . "  Things will be very different for him and his team , " Tim Bajarin writes for the magazine . "  Part of the reason is that Jobs has had a near-death health issue to deal with , and he may now realize that his most important role will be to create a vision that can be carried forward for decades , not just the next product cycle . " Some bloggers have criticized Apple for not saying more about Jobs ' illness . The chief executive 's health affects the company 's stock price , and investors should be kept more in the loop , writes Bill Taylor , a blogger at the Harvard Business Review . Taylor also says Apple 's corporate culture -- which is based around Jobs ' charisma -- is out of date . "  Jobs , for all of his virtues , clings to the Great Man Theory of Leadership -- a CEO-centric model of executive power that is outmoded , unsustainable , and , for most of us mere mortals , ineffective in a world of nonstop change , " he writes . The Silicon Alley Insider further blasts Apple for its silence on Jobs ' health . The blog also says it 's unclear exactly when Jobs will return to work . "  Apple continues to maintain its ludicrous stance that Steve 's health and future role at the company is just a private matter -- not a major question and concern for investors , customers , and employees , " the blog says . "  In reality , it is both : A private matter AND material corporate information . And Apple needs to climb out of its reality distortion field and start treating it that way . " What do you think ? Is Jobs ' health and return to work a big story ? Is it overblown ? Should there be more empathy in media coverage of a sensitive health issue ? Have your say in the comments below .	NEW : Steve Jobs , Apple 's CEO , returned to work this week NEW : Jobs will be in the office several days a week and also working from home Jobs , 54 , a cancer survivor , has been on medical leave for six months Bloggers say Apple should release more information about Jobs
CNN  -- "  The Bachelorette " premiered Monday night with a tribute to a contestant . Eric Hill , 31 , died in April from injuries suffered in a paragliding accident after filming the show . He was one of 25 men vying for the heart of "  Bachelorette " Andi Dorfman , 26 . At the beginning of Monday 's show , host Chris Harrison offered some kind words about Hill , who was an adventurer who documented his goal of visiting every country in 1,200 days on his website , The Global Odyssey . "  Eric passed away shortly after concluding his filming on this show , " Harrison said . "  In the coming weeks , you 'll see that Eric was a vibrant man . Every day , he impressed us with his passion and courageous spirit . He will be greatly missed . And we dedicate this season to him . " The premiere kicked off Season 10 of the series . During the show , Hill gifted Dorfman with dolls from Peru -- the first country he had visited outside of the North American continent . Dorfman thanked him and later selected him as one of the bachelors to whom she granted one-on-one time . Harrison , who in addition to hosting the show also serves as one of the producers , talked to Salon about the difficulty in dealing with Hill 's death on the reality show . "  One of the contestants who left the show died in a tragic accident , " Harrison said . "  And he was a wonderful man , and very much beloved on the show , a central figure early on before he left , and our decision was quickly made : We have to show what he went through . And also because it affected our cast and our crew , what we went through . So to just cut that out of the show would n't have done justice to anybody , even him . "	Eric Hill died after finishing filming "  The Bachelorette " He was one of 25 bachelors vying for the heart of Andi Dorfman The show 's host praised his "  passion and and courageous spirit "
CNN  -- An act of civil disobedience 55 years ago -- Rosa Parks ' refusal to move to the back of a city bus -- made the seamstress in Montgomery , Alabama , a pivotal symbol in America 's civil rights movement . Wednesday marks the 55th anniversary of the civil disobedience on December 1 , 1955 . Parks did not intend to get arrested as she made her way home from work that day . Little did the 42-year-old seamstress know that her acts would help end segregation laws in the South . That evening after work , Parks took a seat in the front of the black section of a city bus in Montgomery , Alabama . The bus filled up , and the bus driver demanded that she move so a white male passenger could have her seat . But Parks refused to give up her seat , and police arrested her . Four days later , Parks was convicted of disorderly conduct . The events triggered a 381-day boycott of the bus system by blacks that was organized by a 26-year-old Baptist minister , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . The boycott led to a court ruling desegregating public transportation in Montgomery , but it was n't until the 1964 Civil Rights Act that all public accommodations nationwide were desegregated . Parks , who died five years ago in Detroit , Michigan , at 92 , still has the power to inspire . "  I think that she , as the mother of the new civil rights movement , has left an impact not just on the nation , but on the world , " U.S. Rep. John Conyers , a Michigan Democrat , said shortly after her death . "  She was a real apostle of the nonviolence movement . " He remembered her as someone who never raised her voice -- an eloquent voice of the civil rights movement . "  You treated her with deference because she was so quiet , so serene -- just a very special person , " he said , adding that "  there was only one " Rosa Parks . Facing regular threats and having lost her department store job because of her activism , Parks left Alabama for Detroit in 1957 , where she later joined Conyers ' staff . Parks later co-founded the Rosa and Raymond Parks Institute for Self Development to help young people pursue educational opportunities , get them registered to vote and work toward racial peace . "  As long as there is unemployment , war , crime and all things that go to the infliction of man 's inhumanity to man , regardless -- there is much to be done , and people need to work together , " she once said . Parks remained active on the lecture circuit into her 80s , speaking at civil rights groups and accepting awards , including the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996 and the Congressional Gold Medal in 1999 . "  This medal is encouragement for all of us to continue until all have rights , " she said at the June 1999 ceremony for the latter medal .	Parks received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1996 She became a symbol of the civil rights movement Parks died in Detroit , Michigan , in 2005
CNN  -- Women 's rights took center stage Saturday at the Nobel ceremonies as three women recognized for their struggles against the backdrops of the Arab Spring and democratic progress in Africa accepted this year 's peace prize . Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , and Leymah Gbowee , a social worker and peace campaigner from the same country , shared the prize with Tawakkul Karman , an activist and journalist who this year played a key opposition role in Yemen . The three were chosen for their non-violent struggle against injustice , sexual violence and repression . "  Ever since the Norwegian Nobel Committee made this year 's decision known , the people of Norway have looked forward to seeing you on this stage , " said Thorbjorn Jagland , chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee . "  You give concrete meaning to the Chinese proverb which says that ` women hold up half the sky , ' " he said . "  We thank you for the hope you awaken in us all . " Jagland said the work of the three laureates should serve as warning to dictators even as more civilians were killed Saturday in Syria . ` Been a long time coming , ' say prize winners "  The leaders in Yemen and Syria who murder their people to retain their own power should take note of the following : mankind 's fight for freedom and human rights never stops , " Jagland said . The three women received the coveted gold Nobel medal and a diploma and will share $ 1.5 million in cash . They will also be honored with a star-studded concert Sunday that culminates the program of Nobel events . All three women dedicated their remarks to women struggling for equal rights around the world . "  I urge my sisters , and my brothers , not to be afraid , " Sirleaf said in her Nobel lecture . "  Be not afraid to denounce injustice , though you may be outnumbered . Be not afraid to seek peace , even if your voice may be small . Be not afraid to demand peace . " Johnson Sirleaf , a 73-year-old Harvard graduate whose political resilience earned her the nickname "  Iron Lady , " became Africa 's first democratically-elected female president in 2006 , three years after decades of civil war ended . Crediting women with ending the conflict and challenging the dictatorship of former President Charles Taylor , she declared a zero-tolerance policy against corruption and made education compulsory and free for all primary-age children . She dedicated her remarks to women around the world "  who have seen the devastation that merciless violence can bring . " Gbowee , 39 , led a women 's movement that protested the use of rape and child soldiers in Liberia 's civil war . She mobilized hundreds of women to force delegates at 2003 peace talks to sign a treaty -- at one point calling for a "  sex strike " until demands were met . She thanked Liberian women for making "  our country proud . " "  Thank you for sitting in the rain and under the sun . This is your prize . This is our prize , " she said . "  The world used to remember Liberia for child soldiers but they now remember our country for the white t-shirt women , " she said referring to the women clad in white T-shirts who demanded an end to Liberia 's brutal civil war . "  Who would have ever thought that Liberian women would have been among faces of women 's global victory , but you did it . " But she also reminded the world that victory was still afar . "  We must continue to unite in sisterhood to turn our tears into triumph , our despair into determination and our fear into fortitude . " she said . "  There is no time to rest until our world achieves wholeness and balance , where all men and women are considered equal and free . " Karman , 32 , emerged as an icon of change as Yemen was swept up in the tumult of the Arab Spring , but the mother-of-three has long been active in campaigning for women and human rights . Karman , the first Arab woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize -- and one of its youngest recipients -- founded the rights group Women Journalists without Chains , and emerged as a key figure in protests against President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's regime . "  I have always believed that resistance against repression and violence is possible without relying on similar repression and violence , " she said . "  I have always believed that human civilization is the fruit of the effort of both women and men . "  So , when women are treated unjustly and are deprived of their natural right in this process , all social deficiencies and cultural illnesses will be unfolded , and in the end the whole community , men and women , will suffer . " While Johnson Sirleaf 's Nobel achievement has stirred anger among Liberian political opponents who claim recent elections were rigged in her favor , this year 's Nobel Peace Price is unlikely to attract the level of controversy seen in 2010 . China and more than a dozen other countries , including Russia , Saudi Arabia and Iran , boycotted the event over the decision to award the prize to Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo , a key figure in the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests . Liu , who is serving an 11-year-sentence in a Chinese prison for what the government called "  inciting subversion of state power , " was not allowed to travel to Norway to accept the prize , which China denounced as a "  political farce . " Awarded almost every year since 1901  it has been halted during times of major international conflict  the Peace Prize has a history of contentious laureates . Previous winners include former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger , who won alongside Vietnamese revolutionary Le Duc Tho  who declined the award  , and the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , who won jointly with Israeli President Shimon Peres and former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin . In 2009 , the prize was awarded to U.S. President Barack Obama despite the fact he had spent less than one year in office . Two years earlier , former U.S. Vice President Al Gore was a joint recipient in recognition of work highlighting climate change . â $ cents This year 's three co-laureates will sit down with CNN 's Jonathan Mann for an hour-long special interview . The interview will broadcast live on CNN International and CNN.com on Saturday at 1600 GMT  11 a.m. ET  and repeated on Sunday at 0300 GMT  10 p.m. ET Saturday  . â $ cents The concert in honor of the Nobel prize winners will be broadcast on CNN.com on Sunday between 1900-2000 GMT  2 p.m.-3 p.m. ET  and 2030-2130 GMT  3:30 p.m.-4 :30 p.m. ET  .	NEW : Nobel chairman says the prize should serve as warning to dictators Be not afraid to denounce injustice , ' Sirleaf says in accepting the prize Arab Spring , Africa provide backdrop to this year 's peace prize The three women are recognized for their struggle against injustice and sexual violence
CNN  -- Martha * had decided to undergo a breast augmentation . She researched doctors and found one she thought was well-qualified ; ads in magazines touted him as board-certified and a top plastic surgeon in the area . Martha met with him for a consultation and underwent the procedure in his office several weeks later . But at home that night , she discovered a shocking sight : Her breast implants were lodged in her armpits . The next morning , she rushed back to her doctor 's office . He inspected her chest and , with a quizzical look on his face , declared , "  I have never seen this before . " Martha decided to seek another opinion . A new surgeon explained that the previous physician had botched the procedure . She would need extensive surgery to correct it . As if this were n't bad enough , he also informed her that her doctor was n't what he claimed to be . Sure , he was board-certified -- just not in plastic surgery . Her "  plastic surgeon " was actually an eye doctor . Stories like Martha 's are becoming more and more common across the United States . Plastic surgery has become the Wild West of medicine , with an increasing number of doctors performing invasive cosmetic procedures without proper training or credentials . In my metro Detroit practice alone , I 've been horrified by dozens of botched jobs . One of my patients , a beautiful 25-year-old woman , was left with shark bite-sized divots all over her thighs and stomach after undergoing laser liposuction by a family medicine doctor . A local ENT  ear nose and throat  physician took $ 12,000 from a young hairdresser for two unnecessary operations : insertion of watermelon-sized breast implants and liposuction to her abdomen . The implants were eventually removed , and the liposuction left her tummy a rippled , lumpy mess . Why does this happen ? Although state medical boards regulate who can obtain a license to practice medicine , they do n't restrict doctors from performing procedures outside of their training or specialty . Once they are licensed , there is no law against doctors performing any medical procedure they want to , as long as the patient consents to it . As a board-certified plastic surgeon , I can legally perform a knee replacement or hysterectomy , procedures for which I am completely unqualified . This lack of regulation has allowed an increasing number of doctors of all types -- including gynecologists , general surgeons and even emergency medicine physicians -- to perform tummy tucks , liposuction , facelifts and breast enhancement . These procedures are almost never performed in real hospitals . Hospitals typically vet their surgeons and allow them to practice only within their field of training and expertise . Doctors get around this by performing cosmetic procedures in their own in-office operating rooms or at ambulatory surgery centers , where the credentialing requirements may not be as strict . So why do so many doctors reject their chosen specialty and remake themselves as plastic surgeons ? One word : money . Declining physician reimbursement has resulted in more physicians looking for ways to enhance their income . And plastic surgery is one of the only fields of medicine that is shielded from insurance companies . So an increasing number of doctors are closing their traditional medical practices and opening cosmetic surgery centers . These physicians learn the basics of plastic surgery through weekend courses , shadowing other doctors and even online webinars . This influx of poorly trained cosmetic surgeons has caused Martha 's story to become just one of many . If you are considering having plastic surgery , I implore you : Do your homework . Find a plastic surgeon who is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery , the only plastic surgery board that is recognized by the American Board of Medical Specialties . For facial plastic surgery , a doctor certified by the American Board of Facial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery is considered an equivalent in all states . I consider it a privilege that my patients put their lives and bodies in my hands . All surgeons should . In return , we have a moral obligation to only perform procedures that we are fully qualified to do . No matter how well it pays . * Patients ' names and identifying details have been changed to protect their privacy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Anthony Youn .	Medical boards do n't restrict doctors from performing surgeries out of their specialty Many physicians are opening plastic surgery centers on the weekends to make money Find a plastic surgeon who is certified by the American Board of Plastic Surgery
Oh , weather , how moody you are ! The temperature ups and downs are downright extreme in parts of Texas . In less than 24 hours , Dallas went from a high of 81 degrees Fahrenheit at Love Field to a low of 17 degrees Monday morning , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris reported . What 's responsible for the sudden drop ? A cold mass from Canada brought frigid air moving southeast across Texas , CNN meteorologist Todd Borek reported . Across the Southern Plains , temperatures Monday afternoon were 30 to 40 degrees below normal , Morris said . Sorry , fans of springtime : Temperatures are expected to remain below normal this week . Several more pushes of cold , arctic air will invade the United States east of the Rocky Mountains , Morris said . As of now , it seems the snowstorms wo n't be record-setting , but several weak systems will cause some travel headaches , Morris said . Washington , Baltimore and Philadelphia all got hit by snow Monday , and the Midwest and Great Plains were put into the freezer . More than 2,950 U.S. flights had been canceled by Monday night , according to FlightAware.com , a flight tracking service . Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport had canceled about 80 % of its departing flights by Monday afternoon , and Philadelphia International Airport had nixed about a third of its schedule . Winter deals another blow to travelers People were feeling pretty fed up on Monday amid the third major storm of winter . "  I ca n't believe it 's March and it 's still snowing , " Betsy St. John , from Brunswick , Maryland , told CNN affiliate WHAG . "  I 'm ready for spring . " This is a transitional season , and the most difficult time of year for meteorologists to put out an accurate forecast , Morris said . The federal government closed offices Monday in Washington , which expects rain , ice and 4 to 8 inches of snow . Congress postponed Monday business until Tuesday . The Supreme Court was in session , however , hearing oral arguments and conducting other business . Public school systems from Dallas to Philadelphia canceled Monday classes . Delaware , Tennessee and other states declared states of emergency . Amtrak cut service around Wilmington , Delaware , CNN affiliate WJLA reported . There have been four weather-related auto fatalities . In Arkansas , a man was killed when he lost control of his SUV on Sunday in snowy weather and struck a retaining wall , the Arkansas State Police reported . In Oklahoma , a pedestrian was killed Saturday during freezing rain , the state 's highway patrol reported . And in Macon County , Tennessee , two people died in a two-vehicle crash as it began to sleet Sunday night , according to preliminary information from Dayla Qualls with the Tennessee Highway Patrol . Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency there because of the storm -- a move that will help state agencies position resources where they 're needed , McAuliffe said . The capital , Richmond , is expected to get 4 to 8 inches of snow and sleet , according to the National Weather Service . McAuliffe said people in Virginia should postpone travel . Schools in parts of North Carolina are closed as the storm is expected to bring sleet and possibly snow later Monday , according to CNN affiliate WRAL . This storm is a national event that started out dumping rain on California , causing dangerous mudslides . It then moved east and delivered dangerous weather to places unfazed by typical winters . Extremely low temperatures hit the Northern Plains , Upper Midwest and Great Lakes again . Highs from the single digits to the low 20s are expected from Montana eastward to New England , and subzero lows are likely for the Dakotas and the Upper Midwest . Snow fell Sunday on Indianapolis , Louisville and St. Louis , where the weather caused numerous wrecks . Interstate 95 in northern Kentucky was shut down for a period Sunday . In Little Rock , Arkansas , thousands of people woke up without electricity . "  We 've got about 2,600 workers on the ground ready to go just as soon as the trouble begins , " David Lewis , a spokesman with Entergy Arkansas , told CNN affiliate KATV . "  With the forecasts being as firm as they 've been , we have every reason to believe this will be a significant and serious winter storm . " Power outages were reported in Arkansas  14,000  ; Memphis  20,000  and Nashville  9,500  in Tennessee ; Missouri  360  ; Mississippi  1,500  ; and Louisville , Kentucky  309  . iReport : Gnomes weather Arkansas sleet storm The South will be cool but wo n't see much snow . There will be a slight risk of severe thunderstorms bearing damaging winds , a few isolated tornadoes and possibly large hail . People in Atlanta will feel temperatures in the 50s -- a big drop from Sunday 's high of around 70 . The string of winter storms left many jurisdictions around the country low on road-clearing supplies . In New Albany , Indiana , where salt is now in short supply , the city has shifted to a product called IMIX , which combines natural sand and calcium chloride , CNN affiliate WAVE reported . In Virginia , the state Department of Transportation has already exceeded its $ 10 million snow removal budget by $ 3.4 million , CNN affiliate WRIC reported Sunday . Rhode Island got a new shipment of salt right before the storm , reported WPRI , a CNN affiliate . Folks like Mariedith Poquiz of Frederick , Maryland , ca n't wait for the weather to warm up . "  I 'm ready to break out my spring clothes , " she told WHAG . "  I 'm tired of the winter . "	Dallas temperatures drop from 81 to 17 in less than 24 hours Four people have died in weather-related accidents , police say Federal offices are closed Monday in Washington , except for Supreme Court Schools from Dallas to Philadelphia have been shut down
CNN  -- World No. 1 Roger Federer began his bid for a record sixth U.S. Open title with a straight-sets victory over American Donald Young on Monday , joining Olympic champion Andy Murray in round two . The Wimbledon champion , seeking to overtake Pete Sampras and Jimmy Connors as the grand slam 's most successful male player of the post-1967 Open era , won 6-3 6-2 6-4 against a player who reached the fourth round last year . Young , ranked 81st , had no answer to Federer 's delivery as the 31-year-old won all 18 of his first-serve points in the third set . Federer , who next plays Germany 's Bjorn Phau , won the tournament five years in a row from 2004 . However , he lost in the 2009 final and the semis the following two years as Juan Martin del Potro , Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic took the titles . "  Novak to me goes in as the favorite here still at the Open just because he 's defending champion , he probably won the most titles on hard courts in the last couple of years , it 's where he feels most comfortable , " Federer said of the Serbian , who was to start his campaign on Tuesday . "  He 's beaten me the last couple years as well , so it 's strange for me to be the favorite after just beating him a couple times . Then again , I 've had a great summer and so has Murray , and Rafa won the French -- it 's a pity he ca n't be here . " U.S. Open : Get the latest scores and match statistics World No. 4 Murray booked his place into the next round with a 6-2 6-4 6-1 victory over Alex Bogomolov Jr following a two-hour rain delay . Murray , seeded third in the absence of the injured Nadal , lost his opening game and trailed 3-1 in the second set but had few problems against the Russian . "  Only lost seven games in three sets , so I must have done something well today , " said the Scot , who next faces Croatia 's Ivan Dodig as he continues his bid for a first grand slam title , having lost the 2008 final to Federer . "  I played fairly well from the back of the court . I just would have liked to have served a bit better because I was n't getting many free points on my serve . " The only seeded player to exit on Monday was Germany 's No. 22 Florian Mayer , who retired hurt while trailing 6-3 6-2 3-2 to 243rd-ranked American Jack Sock . Sock , who turns 20 next month , will next play Italy 's Flavio Cipolla as he seeks to improve on last year 's second-round exit . Croatian 12th seed Marin Cilic earned a second-round clash with Germany 's Daniel Brands , while France 's No. 16 Gilles Simon beat American Michael Russell . Japan 's 17th seed Kei Nishikori also went through along with American No. 23 Mardy Fish , Spanish trio Marcel Granollers , Fernando Verdasco and Feliciano Lopez plus France 's Jeremy Chardy -- who beat Murray in Cincinnati this month before losing to Del Potro in the quarterfinals .	Roger Federer wins his opening match to begin bid for a record sixth title Olympic gold medal winner Andy Murray also wins through to next round at U.S. Open Rain delays play in New York for two hours before Murray can finish his match Unseeded Jack Sock gets a second-round place after Florian Mayer retires hurt in third set
CNN  -- Albert Einstein is often quoted as saying , "  In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity . " Planning a road trip is hardly nuclear science , but perhaps the professor had learned that a well-chosen overnight stop can yield treasured memories . Here are four midway suggestions that may brighten a tedious road trip from one region of the nation to another . I-95 between Massachusetts and Florida : Follow Lincoln 's footsteps Like Abraham Lincoln in 1865 , why not take a walking tour of the former capital of the Confederacy ? "  Very few people know that Lincoln visited Richmond with his son near the end of the Civil War , " said Mike Andrus of the Richmond National Battlefield Park in Virginia . Map this trip and three others Richmond remains a very walkable city in this area , from the James River to the Confederate White House to Capitol Square . Civilwartraveler.com offers free downloadable podcasts to guide you on a 90-minute walk in Lincoln 's footsteps . Near the square is St. Paul 's Episcopal Church , where Confederate President Jefferson Davis in 1865 learned the troubling news that his troops were no longer able to defend the city . During your walk , stop for lunch at one of the many restaurants in Shockoe Bottom , which once served as a market for slave traders . Near there , see Richmond 's Slavery Reconciliation Statue , a 15-foot , half-ton sculpture unveiled in 2007 that remembers and offers regret for Virginia 's role in the African slave trade . Looking for a special breakfast or lunch ? Try the internationally recognized Perly 's , where you can enjoy homemade biscuits , made with what longtime owner Gray Wyatt calls his secret ingredient . Located in the city 's Monroe Ward district in a 1930s-era building , Perly 's has a "  real retro feel to it , " said Wyatt . In addition to traditional breakfast fare , the lunch menu offers Brunswick stew , chicken salad and signature sandwiches . Customers include Gov. Tim Kaine , a former Richmond mayor who 's quoted as saying more business gets conducted at Perly 's than in most of the offices downtown . I-75 between Michigan and Florida : ` Paradise ' and a murder scene At the southern tail of the Appalachian Mountains , about 90 miles north of Atlanta , lies Chattooga County , Georgia -- home to a world renowned artist , an attorney who inspired a TV series , and what may be a haunted house . Almost every day , attorney Bobby Lee Cook can be found enjoying the food at The Brass Lantern in Summerville . Cook is said to be one of the inspirations behind 1980s TV defense lawyer Matlock , who was portrayed by Andy Griffith . "  They had to pick somebody I guess , so they picked this country hooligan , " joked Cook . The Brass Lantern offers American cuisine "  with a little French twist , " he said . "  It reminds me of country restaurants in the South of France . " Looking for a taste of Southern hospitality ? Cook recommends Dillard 's B&B as a fine place to hang your hat during your visit . Summerville also is the home of the late Howard Finster , a self-taught folk artist whose work was embraced in the 1980s by musicians such as REM and the Talking Heads . His home has been transformed into a fascinating and sometimes bizarre world he called Paradise Gardens . Finster 's home celebrates a unique era of Appalachian culture that 's quickly fading , said Tommy Littleton , chairman of the nonprofit group that owns the gardens . The fame that Finster gained in the '80s can be fleeting , he said , "  but the niche he created and its influence now on two generations of artists means that the gardens really are a part of art history . " For three decades Finster used the four-acre property as a canvas , painting sidewalks and buildings and using "  found materials " to decorate walls and various objects throughout the grounds . He built "  display houses " for all of his art , which included a huge collection of mosaics . Finster 's work hangs in museums around the nation , including the Smithsonian and museums in San Francisco , California , and Baltimore , Maryland . Finster 's gardens are open only from Thursday through Saturday , so check the Web site for times . More adventurous travelers might ask local residents to help them find the ruins of a destroyed country estate called Corpsewood Manor , where two men were murdered in 1982 . A pair of killers was sentenced to life in prison for the notorious crime -- which spawned rumors about devil worship and satanic rituals that continue to echo on the Internet . I-84 between the Pacific Northwest and Utah : Opulence and flying fury The area along the Oregon-Idaho border has a lot to offer travelers looking for a memorable experience between the Northwest and Utah . The amazing Geiser Grand Hotel in Baker City , Oregon , often attracts guests who are en route to regional ski resorts . Those who renovated the Geiser in 1997 aimed to restore it to the opulence it enjoyed when the German-Swiss Geiser family first built it in 1889 -- complete with ornate , decorative stained glass fittings , said owner Barbara Sidway . "  Everything that could be preserved was preserved and everything that could n't was lovingly replicated , " she said . "  It 's like stepping back in time with its intimate feel and rare level of glamour and opulence . " The cast of the 1969 film "  Paint Your Wagon " -- including Hollywood tough guys Clint Eastwood and the late Lee Marvin -- were pampered guests at the Geiser . according to Sidway . Surrounding the hotel is Baker City 's historic district , including more than 100 buildings listed in the National Register of Historic Places , said Sidway . Special holiday events held each Friday in December include rides on a horse-drawn sleigh to the nearby Powder River , where guests are invited to gather around a blazing bonfire and sip hot spiced cider . Inside the hotel , enjoy high tea amid the glow of a spectacular Christmas tree set in the center of the Palm Court dining area . About two hours down I-84 , Nampa , Idaho , you 'll find a pair of Hollywood stars you may have seen without realizing it . The Warhawk Air Museum is home to two rare Curtiss P40 World War II-era fighter planes , which appeared in 2001 's "  Pearl Harbor " and 2008 's "  Valkyrie , " said museum co-founder Sue Paul . On the set of "  Valkyrie , " star Tom Cruise turned to Paul , took her hand , and told her , " ' I want to thank you so much for the honor of using your beautifully preserved historical airplanes in this movie , ' " recalled Paul . "  Never before had anyone on any of the films we 've worked on recognized the historical significance of these airplanes . " For nightlife , drive 20 miles down I-84 and visit the pedestrian-friendly downtown district of Boise , Idaho , with its vibrant bars and eateries . For decades , locals have been enjoying the classic dishes at Angell 's Bar & Grill , on 9th Street , and the central pedestrian area , where visitors can stroll and peruse local shops . I-80 between California and Utah : Basque food oasis For generations Reno has been well-known as Nevada 's "  Biggest Little City in the World , " but road-trippers with a taste for good food often talk about a tiny town about 2 1/2 hours northeast along I-80 . The Basque community that settled in Winnemucca 's high desert in the mid-19th century is still going strong , offering a little taste of Europe at several of the town 's restaurants and hotels . The fare at the century-old Martin Hotel is repeatedly praised by foodies on Chowhound.com . Chefs at the Martin serve tasty meals , including Basque lamb dishes and traditional pork loin solomo , say fans . Established as a rooming house for traffic along the nearby Southern Pacific Railroad , the hotel is listed on the National Register of Historic Places , according to the hotel Web site . "  The lamb shanks as a main are awesome , " wrote Chowhound.com poster nvcook in July . "  I also like their halibut and their ribeyes . " Another Chowhound poster extolled the lamb shanks served five blocks down Melarkey Street at Ormachea 's Dinner House , which is another highly touted Basque eatery in Winnemucca .	Clint Eastwood , Lee Marvin stayed at century-old Geiser Grand Hotel in Oregon Folk artist Howard Finster turned Georgia home into living museum of found objects Follow in Lincoln 's footsteps through historic downtown Richmond , Virginia Basque-American cuisine offers succulent surprises in Winnemucca , Nevada
CNN  -- For most of Paul Ramirez 's life , only those closest to him knew that he lived with a serious brain disorder . Ramirez , of Pasadena , California , found out he had epilepsy when he was 22 . Now 50 , he 's had seven grand mal seizures , which make him lose consciousness . Still , he often went years without having a seizure at all . "  I kept it private from extended members of my family . I never told my friends . I was ashamed of it , " Ramirez said . That changed in June . Ramirez was waiting to see his neurologist after a recent seizure . The doctor would help determine whether Ramirez should continue driving . In the waiting room , Ramirez stumbled across a CNN.com story on his iPad . The story , published after U.S. Commerce Secretary John Bryson had a seizure while driving , explained how common seizures are and the reasons they can occur . It featured people living with epilepsy who talked about the impact the disorder had on their lives . Reading the piece marked a turning point in Ramirez 's life . "  It was the first time I had ever read a story that actually mirrored my own life , " he said . "  It was inspiring . It was encouraging . It gave me hope that there were others out there  like me  . " Ramirez immediately sent an e-mail to Nathan Jones , who was featured in the story . By the time the doctor appointment was over , Jones had responded . Ramirez and Jones , project coordinator at the Epilepsy Foundation of Greater Los Angeles , soon became fast friends , sharing stories over coffee and lunch . A week later , Ramirez went to the foundation 's office and met with the staff . He wrote an e-mail to his family and friends , telling them about his journey and his struggles with epilepsy . He also told them the Department of Motor Vehicles was looking into whether he should keep his license . He was overwhelmed with support . "  I now feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders , " he said . "  I 'm not afraid to come forward , to discuss it . " Ramirez realized that he had an opportunity to share his story and to help others . He signed up to become a team captain for the foundation 's Walk to End Epilepsy on October 28 at the Rose Bowl . Then he decided to do more . Last month , days before his 50th birthday , Ramirez climbed Mt. Whitney , the highest point in the contiguous United States , in one 15-hour hike . He dedicated that hike and his birthday to raising money for the walk . When he reached the summit , Ramirez put on a shirt with two simple words : End Epilepsy . "  Standing on that mountain and being able to put on the End Epilepsy shirt meant more to me than any footstep I took getting up there , " Ramirez said . "  It meant a lot . And I 'll do it again next year and the year after that . " Susan Pietsch-Escueta , executive director of the Epilepsy Foundation of Greater Los Angeles , says more people with epilepsy need to come forward . She says that sharing stories and information is vital to helping people understand the world 's most common serious brain disorder . "  I think that 's why it 's so amazing to have people like Paul willing to speak up and be an example , " she said . "  I truly do believe we will never end epilepsy if people with epilepsy remain in the shadows and in hiding , in a sense . " Ramirez takes precautions but says he is not going to let epilepsy manage his life . He 's been cleared to drive ; he 's an expert skier and an avid mountain biker and swimmer . "  He 's not going to let anything hold him back , " Jones said . "  He 's going to live his life like he wants to , and I really admire that . " Ramirez says the CNN story came at the perfect time in his life . "  I 'm not embarrassed anymore . I just do n't see it as a humiliating circumstance . It 's just another part of life , " he said . "  I think everyone has something , and this is my something . " Seizures : When an ` electrical brainstorm ' hits	Paul Ramirez found out he had epilepsy when he was 22 Ramirez hid the serious brain disorder from family , friends until he read a story on CNN Story inspired Ramirez to share his story and raise money for epilepsy research
CNN  -- Formal charges are expected against seven Royal Marines who were arrested this week on suspicion of murder involving an incident in Afghanistan in 2011 , a British Ministry of Defense spokesman said . Read more : Q&A : International troops in Afghanistan The arrests were made after an incident in Helmand province , the spokesman said . All seven are in the UK and will proceed through a military court system that mirrors the civilian legal system . Read more : Afghan war is not over yet The incident occurred after an engagement with an insurgent , and no civilians were involved , the spokesman said . Those arrested were part of Operation Herrick 14 , as Britain 's efforts in Afghanistan are known . The operation they were carrying out at the time did not involve any special forces , the spokesman said . Read more : By the numbers : Memorial Day and veterans "  The investigation will now be taken forward and dealt with by the Service Justice system , " the spokesman said . "  These arrests demonstrate the Department and the Armed Forces ' determination to ensure UK personnel act in accordance with their Rules of Engagement and our standards . " The military will review the serious incident to identify lessons learned , the spokesman said .	Seven Royal Marines are under arrest on suspicion of murder The charges involve an incident in Afghanistan 's Helmand province in 2011 No civilians were involved with the incident , British Ministry of Defense spokesman says
CNN  -- The Humane Society has accused a federally funded primate center of mistreating chimpanzees and other primates , saying that some animals showed signs of psychosis and self-mutilation . New Iberia Research Center cages about 325 chimps on its 100 acres . It also has about 6,000 monkeys . The allegations against the New Iberia Research Center in Louisiana , which houses more than 6,500 primates , came after a nine-month undercover investigation . The center denies the allegations . "  We found animals living in isolation , exhibiting self-mutilating behavior , psychosis , all sorts of emotional and physical problems at this laboratory , " Humane Society President Wayne Pacelle told CNN on Wednesday . The Humane Society 's undercover investigator , who worked as a laboratory technician with a hidden camera , revealed 338 violations of the federal Animal Welfare Act , which sets standards for the treatment of animals in labs , Pacelle said . The Humane Society posted some of its secret footage on its Web site . The footage includes an animal with what the group said was a self-inflicted wound , another animal jumping in circles in its cage , and chimpanzees screaming as lab technicians approached with a dart gun . The violations were filed in a 108-page complaint to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , which is required by law to enforce the Animal Welfare Act , the organization said . Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said he will order a thorough investigation of animal welfare practices at the facility . "  If the allegations prove to be true , the American public can expect the perpetrators to be held fully accountable . I take the protection of animals very seriously , and will do my utmost to fully enforce the Animal Welfare Act , " he said in a written statement . The New Iberia Research Center , part of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette , issued a statement saying that the videos "  distort acceptable standard procedures and incorrectly imply mistreatment of nonhuman primates at the New Iberia Research Center . " It added : "  We take very seriously our responsibility to care for the animals housed at the center and to carry out biomedical research according to federal rules and regulations . " The center further said it properly housed and cared for the animals . It also said it complies with regulations of the USDA , the Food and Drug Administration , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The Humane Society accused workers at New Iberia of hitting primates on the mouth , using "  painful " dart guns and removing infant monkeys from their mothers . The Humane Society also said it had documented evidence of "  rampant " breeding of government-owned chimpanzees . In 2007 , the National Institutes of Health 's National Center for Research Resources , following a 12-year moratorium , said it would no longer breed chimpanzees for research , citing financial reasons . The New Iberia Research Center has received more than $ 37 million in grants from the NIH , according to the center 's Web site . The NIH said it has opened an investigation regarding the allegations and said it is working closely with the USDA . However , it said it could not comment on the allegations while its investigation is under way . "  The results will be available when the investigation is complete , " the NIH said in a written statement . "  We are committed to the safety and welfare of all animals in research . All animals used in federally funded research are protected by laws , regulations , and policies to ensure they are used in the smallest numbers possible and with the greatest commitment to their comfort . " Pacelle said the most serious issue was the self-mutilation and "  nonstop pacing and circling , psychosis and other abnormal behaviors . " "  These are highly intelligent animals . They have a sense of self , they have a sense of past and future , they have the wide range of emotions that we have , " he said . "  They should not be subjected to this long-term , decade-long isolation , and all these painful and physical procedures and the psychological torment in these laboratories . " The New Iberia Research Center says it offers a "  broad range of diagnostic , laboratory , and human resources for the development and characterization of nonhuman primate models for applied and basic research aimed at promoting human quality of life . " In its statement e-mailed to CNN , the center said it has made numerous contributions to public health improvements for the prevention and treatment of three forms of hepatitis , mumps , measles , chicken pox and mad cow disease . CNN 's Bill Caiaccio and Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Society says undercover investigation found animal psychosis , self-mutilation Center denies allegations , says it properly housed and cared for the animals Agriculture secretary says he 'll order investigation of facility 's animal welfare practices New Iberia Research Center in Louisiana houses more than 6,500 primates
You can set your watch by it . Within minutes of the start of a State of the Union address , the President will offer his assessment -- almost always positive -- of where America stands . "  We can say with renewed confidence that the state of our union is stronger , " President Barack Obama declared in the third paragraph of last year 's speech . But why wait for him to tell us how things are going this year ? And do n't presidents always spin it to make it sound as good as possible for their administration ? Instead , CNN asked its correspondents , producers , analysts and contributors to provide their assessment of the state of the Union as 2014 begins before Obama 's speech on Tuesday night . Here 's how they see it : Economy -- for many , a slow recovery CNNMoney 's Annalyn Kurtz reports that economic recovery continues from the recession Obama inherited , but so far it seems that only the rich are getting richer . The presidency -- feeling feisty CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta reports that Obama and his team plan to use executive orders to bypass legislative gridlock in their declared "  year of action . " Congress -- coming to life ? Darrell West , the vice president for governance studies at the Brookings Institution , writes that political expediency in an election year may bring some congressional cooperation rather than continued partisan stalemate . The military -- under the budget gun CNN 's Tom Cohen reports there 's no evident peace dividend for the U.S. military after ending the Iraq war and winding down combat operations in Afghanistan , due to budget cuts in Washington and a transition to a more modern armed forces . Foreign policy -- U.S. still a leader ? CNN National Security Producer Jamie Crawford reports the Obama administration faces questions of a weakened role in world affairs despite a high-profile role in international talks involving several Middle East issues , as well as an increasing U.S. presence in Asia . National security -- shifting post-9 / 11 posture CNN Justice Producer Evan Perez reports that an evolving terrorist threat and classified leaks that disclosed U.S. surveillance programs are combining to bring changes to how the nation responded to the 9/11 attacks more than 12 years ago . And on politics , we hear from two CNN contributors -- Democratic strategist Paul Begala and Republican strategist Alex Castellanos -- on where they see things heading into Obama 's speech .	CNN correspondents , producers and contributors assess the state of the Union President Obama will deliver the annual address on Tuesday night CNN 's Acosta : expect a feisty stance by Obama on executive actions 2014 is a time of transition for the economy , foreign policy , national security
CNN  -- Israeli coach Avram Grant has been appointed manager of English Premier League club West Ham United . Grant left cash-strapped Portsmouth last month after leading them to the FA Cup final , where they lost to his former club Chelsea , but he could not prevent them from slipping out of the Premier League . He replaces Italian coach Gianfranco Zola , who was sacked by West Ham 's owners David Gold and David Sullivan in May , after they narrowly avoided relegation . A statement on West Ham 's official Web site read : "  West Ham United are delighted to confirm the appointment of Avram Grant as manager on a four-year contract , subject to being granted a work permit . " Grant , who will be officially unveiled later this month , said : "  I am proud and honored to be the manager of West Ham . It will be an exciting challenge and I am ready to do my best . "  This is a fantastic club with great fans and a history that is respected around the world . I am already looking forward to getting to work with my players in July and preparing for the new season . " Grant was widely praised for his stewardship at crisis-hit Portsmouth , who sank into administration with debts of over $ 170 million debt . They were deducted nine points as a result , making survival in the Premier League all but impossible . Still , Grant led them to Wembley in the FA Cup . Co-owner David Sullivan said : "  I am delighted to welcome Avram to West Ham and am confident he will prove a success . We have taken our time over this appointment and are certain we have got the right man . "  We are all looking forward to next season with new players coming in and Avram 's arrival is just the latest reason for real optimism . "	Avram Grant in the new manager of West Ham United Grant left relegated Portsmouth in May Israeli coach led Chelsea to the 2008 European Champions League final
Washington  CNN  -- More than 600,000 coffeemakers are being voluntarily recalled in the United States and Canada due to an apparent brewing malfunction that can release a gusher of steaming water and grounds . More than 61 injuries , including facial and hand burns , have been reported , officials said . The Consumer Product Safety Commission said in a statement that a buildup of steam in certain Chinese-made Mr. Coffee Single Cup Brewing System models can force open the brewing chamber and spew the contents . Importer Sunbeam Products Inc. , doing business as Jarden Consumer Solutions based in Boca Raton , Florida , said it had received 164 reports of the malfunction and claims of 61 burn-related injuries . The coffeemaker priced between $ 60 and $ 80 comes in black with silver , red or white trim . It is 11 inches tall and has a Brew Now/Off button and a removable drip tray . The consumer agency said the water tank is on top of the unit toward the back . The model number is printed on the bottom of the brewer . The coffeemaker was manufactured in China and sold from September 2010 through August 2012 nationwide at a number of stores including Bed Bath and Beyond , JC Penney , Kmart , Target and Walmart . Consumers who have the brewer should stop using it and contact Jarden Consumer Solutions for instructions on obtaining a free replacement . The models in the recall include : BVMC-KG1 BVMC-KG1A-001 BVMC-KG1-WM-001 BVMC-KG1-001 BVMC-KG1-BEA BVMC-KG1R-001 BVMC-KG1-044 BVMC-KG1BP-PAL BVMC-KG1R-006 BVMC-KG1A BVMC-KG1-WM BVMC-KG1W-001	Coffeemakers recalled in the United States and Canada U.S. agency says apparent malfunction can spew hot water and grounds Dozens of injuries reported from faulty brewers sold at major retailers
CNN  -- Bosnian Serb genocide suspect Ratko Mladic is suffering health problems , the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia said Tuesday . The court , however , denied media reports Mladic had collapsed , and refused to comment on reports he had pneumonia . "  Mladic was transferred to the Tribunal with a series of pre-existing medical conditions for which he is receiving treatment . The Tribunal continues to provide Mladic , as any other detainee , with the best possible medical care and attention available in The Netherlands , " spokeswoman Nerma Jelacic said in a statement . Mladic , wanted in connection with the massacre of nearly 8,000 Muslim men and boys at Srebrenica , Bosnia in 1995 , among other crimes , was captured in May after 15 years in hiding . He is 69 and told the tribunal in June that he was "  gravely ill . " Prosecutors want to try the former general in two separate cases , they said in August -- once over the Srebrenica massacre and once for spreading terror in the Bosnian capital of Sarajevo and for taking UN personnel hostage . Mladic faces charges of genocide , crimes against humanity , and violations of the laws and customs of war in both cases , prosecutors said in an August 17 statement . Mladic led Bosnia Serb forces in the civil war that broke out in Bosnia-Herzegovina when Yugoslavia dissolved in the early 1990s . More than 200,000 Muslims and Croats died in the 1992-95 civil war in Bosnia-Herzegovina , including nearly 8,000 slaughtered at Srebrenica -- Europe 's worst massacre since World War II . Mladic has been a combative witness at the ICTY . At a July 4 appearance , Mladic refused to enter a plea , demanded new lawyers and repeatedly interrupted the judge until he was removed from the court . The case is now in pre-trial hearings .	Mladic did not collapse , the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia says He had pre-existing health conditions and is receiving treatement , the tribunal says He is charged with genocide and other crimes over the massacre at Srebrenica Nearly 8,000 Muslim men and boys were killed there in Europe 's worst masscare since WWII
CNN  In "  The Godfather Part II , " Michael Corleone famously responds to a U.S. senator 's demands by saying , "  My offer is this : nothing . " Since President Barack Obama announced his normalization deal with the Cuban regime in December , life appears to be imitating art . Last week , Cuban President Raul Castro declared that his regime would not even entertain the Obama administration 's requests to normalize ties until the United States abandons our naval base at Guantanamo Bay , ends the trade embargo , ceases pro-democracy radio and television broadcasts into Cuba and compensates the regime for "  human and economic damages " the U.S. has , according to him , inflicted on the Cuban people . Last month , the regime 's lead negotiator summed up its position even more succinctly after the first round of U.S.-Cuba normalization talks in Havana , saying , "  Change in Cuba is not negotiable . " In other words , emboldened by the first wave of concessions Obama gave the Castro regime in the form of access to more U.S. dollars , it wants even more in exchange for nothing . When dealing with tyrants , you ca n't wear them down with kindness . When that approach is attempted and one-sided concessions are made , tyrants do n't interpret them as good faith gestures . They interpret them as weakness . This is a lesson the Obama administration has failed to learn from its dealings with Iran , North Korea and Russia , and even terrorists such as the Taliban . On Tuesday , the American people will have their first opportunity to hear from the Obama administration about its dealings with the Castro regime when I chair a hearing of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee 's Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere affairs . I look forward to hearing the perspectives of State Department officials , even though I am already concerned by the administration 's reluctance to allow the American people to hear directly from the two White House officials who negotiated the deal with the Castro regime over the course of 18 months of secret negotiations , and without the input of our government 's top diplomats and negotiators . Many important questions remain about what exactly the Castro regime has done in exchange for Obama 's softening of travel and banking regulations that will now allow more U.S. dollars to fill the Castro regime 's coffers . For example , it 's unclear why , with all the economic leverage it initially brought to the table , the administration apparently accepted a deal to free conditionally 53 political prisoners -- many of whom were released , but with charges pending or were threatened with more jail time if they renew their pro-democracy work . Indeed , some have already reportedly been rearrested in addition to hundreds of new detentions since the December announcement . Questions also remain about what , if anything , the administration has done to secure the repatriation of what the FBI estimates to be more than 70 fugitives from justice being provided safe harbor in Cuba , including known cop killers such as Joanne Chesimard . Also unknown is what , if anything , the administration intends to do to secure billions of dollars ' worth of outstanding American property claims and judgments against the Cuban government . The list of questions and concerns like these goes on and on . In recent months , I 've made clear that I believe the President and his allies in Congress are misguided for supporting a policy that gives away practically all the leverage the United States has to bring about democratic change in Cuba in exchange for virtually nothing . While reasonable people can disagree on the merits of what U.S.-Cuba policy should be in the 21st century , no serious person can argue that America is stronger when we give a cruel regime such as the one in Cuba everything it wants from the United States , including money it uses to repress its opponents , while we get nothing in return except more anti-American bluster from a geriatric dictator . With Cuba in the news recently , many Americans are asking why Cuba matters to them and why they should care . The simple answer is that what happens with Cuba has far-reaching and potentially damaging implications far beyond the island nation . Cuba is not the only rogue regime with which Obama is engaging in an attempt to end bad behavior . When America sits at the negotiating table with one tyrant or radical regime , the others -- from Iran to North Korea and elsewhere -- watch closely and learn best practices that they can apply to advance their own anti-American agendas . Just as the Cuban regime reportedly cited our swap of five members of the Taliban in the negotiations for Alan Gross ' release , the Iranians watched how North Korea exploited U.S. diplomacy , slow-walked negotiations and ultimately achieved their goal of developing a nuclear weapon . There should therefore be no doubt that regimes around the world will be looking to emulate the Castro regime 's so far successful efforts to take advantage of Obama 's weaknesses and to undermine the U.S. role as the world 's leading economic and military power . When the President settles for one-sided deals with the Castro regime , it hurts the Cuban people and their aspirations for freedom . When Obama allows the Castro regime to get the best of him in negotiations , it emboldens tyrants around the world . As the President 's engagement with the Castro regime continues , I will do all I can to ensure that his "  normalization " does not come at all costs , becoming yet another instance of a failed foreign policy that makes America weaker in the world and , ultimately , less safe . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Sen. Marco Rubio : Castro regime wants even more in exchange for nothing When dealing with tyrants , you ca n't wear them down with kindness , Rubio says
CNN  -- Several same-sex couples came together in the first minutes of New Year 's Day in Honolulu to become the first in the state 's history to enter into civil unions . "  We really do n't want to wait any longer because we have been together for 33 years waiting for the opportunity and our rights and everything that goes with it , " said Donna Gedge , who was with her partner Monica Montgomery , speaking to CNN affiliate KITV . "  So why wait ? " The couple told CNN last week about their plans to stay up late for the ceremony . With Hawaii and Delaware joining the list Sunday , five states now recognize same-sex civil unions , while six other states and Washington , D.C. , allow same-sex marriage , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . Illinois , New Jersey , and Rhode Island already recognize civil unions providing state-level spousal rights to same-sex couples , the NCSL says . Marriage licenses are given to same-sex couples in Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire , New York and the District of Columbia , the NCSL says . California does not currently allow same-sex marriages to be performed . In May 2008 , the state 's Supreme Court ruled that same-sex couples have the right to marry in California . Proposition 8 , a state constitutional amendment defining marriage as between a man and a woman , passed later that year . In 2010 , a federal district judge ruled that Proposition 8 violated the U.S. Constitution , but enforcement of that decision was stayed pending appeal . Delaware said its new law became effective at 10 a.m. Sunday . In Hawaii , online application for civil union licenses was made available beginning at midnight , despite the fact that government offices are closed until Tuesday , the state government said . The union becomes valid after a ceremony performed by someone licensed by the Department of Health . "  It means that our state supports us , and that 's a really good feeling after all this time , " Montgomery said at the ceremony . The laws in Delaware and Hawaii followed heated debates in both states . In 2010 , then-Gov . Linda Lingle , a Republican , vetoed a similar bill in Hawaii , saying the issue needed to be put to a referendum . Some religious groups were among those pushing for the move . "  We need you to mount a campaign to flood the governor 's office with requests to veto the bill , " Larry Silva , Catholic bishop of Honolulu , wrote on the Diocese of Honolulu 's website at the time . A group called the Hawaii Family Forum argued that "  a vote for civil unions is a vote for same-sex marriage . " "  Civil unions are a desperate and dishonest attempt to force same-sex ` marriage ' on Hawaii , " the group said . Despite the opposition , there was no referendum . In both Hawaii and Delaware , the language of the law emphasizes that "  it is not the legislature 's intent to revise the definition or eligibility requirements of marriage . " Gedge and Montgomery told CNN last week they hope there will one day be federally recognized same-sex marriage . Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie , a Democrat , signed the state 's civil unions bill into law last February , calling it "  a prime example of exercising civic courage . It is about doing what is right , no matter how difficult , no matter how much opposition . " Delaware Gov. Jack Markell , a Democrat , signed his state 's bill into law in May . The Delaware Family Policy Council , which says its goal is to "  educate , equip , unify and engage the citizens of Delaware in advocating for family values and preserving the integrity of the family as an institution , " argued that civil unions "  are a springboard to redefining marriage . " "  You ca n't really talk about civil unions without talking about same-sex ` marriage ' because there really is n't any difference , " the group argued . But Markell , at a signing ceremony last year , said , "  This bill is about a new energy and excitement . It 's about a moment in our history that came about because people came together to work for it , because it became clear that Delaware 's LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  community is in fact part of every Delaware community . The greater good is served when we speak out and fight hard when we see that bias , prejudice or even outdated laws attempt to lessen any one of us . " Bonnie Limatoc , who was part of the midnight ceremony in Hawaii on Sunday , told KITV , "  The historic part for me is to be one of the first to open that door so that the rest of them after us , there 's others out there that want to do this . ... We can show them , "  Hey , you love somebody , you have the right to be with them the rest of your life also . ' " "  Our message is go for the gusto , " her partner Lydia Pontin added . "  Do n't be ashamed . " CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	Hawaii and Delaware began allowing same-sex civil unions Sunday 5 states recognize same-sex civil unions ; 6 and DC recognize same-sex marriage Opponents say civil unions are a springboard to redefining marriage "  It means that our state supports us , " one member of a same-sex civil union says
CNN  -- Lemony Snicket 's "  A Series of Unfortunate Events " will now be told as a TV series . According to reports , Netflix is developing a small-screen version of the popular children 's book series written by Daniel Handler , who crafted them under the pen name Lemony Snicket . Handler 's stories followed a trio of siblings encountering one disaster after another , starting with the death of their parents in a fire . The stories can be dark , but they 're also engaging and humorous -- the kind of stuff that a family could enjoy together , said Netflix 's Cindy Holland , vice president of original content . "  On the search for fantastic material that appeals to both parents and kids , the first stop for generations of readers is ' A Series of Unfortunate Events , ' " Holland said in a statement to Deadline . "  The world created by Lemony Snicket is unique , darkly funny and relatable . We ca n't wait to bring it to life for Netflix members . " Snicket , speaking from an "  undisclosed location , " told The Hollywood Reporter that he could n't believe the news . "  After years of providing top-quality entertainment on demand , Netflix is risking its reputation and its success by associating itself with my dismaying and upsetting books , " the "  Unfortunate Events " narrator said . Audiences have seen Snicket 's tales brought to life before with Paramount 's 2004 live-action movie starring Jim Carrey , Jude Law and Meryl Streep . Paramount Television is producing this original series with Netflix , along with author Handler as the executive producer .	Netflix is adapting "  A Series of Unfortunate Events " into a TV series The show is based on books written by Daniel Handler , aka Lemony Snicket Handler will be an executive producer of the TV series
CNN  Here 's the list of nominees for the 87th Academy Awards . Winners are noted in bold and with an asterisk . "  American Sniper " "  Birdman "  * WINNER "  Boyhood " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " "  The Imitation Game " "  Selma " "  The Theory of Everything " "  Whiplash " Wes Anderson , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " Alejandro González Iñárritu , "  Birdman "  * WINNER Richard Linklater , "  Boyhood " Bennett Miller , "  Foxcatcher " Morten Tyldum , "  The Imitation Game " Marion Cotillard , "  Two Days , One Night " Felicity Jones , "  The Theory of Everything " Julianne Moore , "  Still Alice "  * WINNER Rosamund Pike , "  Gone Girl " Reese Witherspoon , "  Wild " Steve Carell , "  Foxcatcher " Bradley Cooper , "  American Sniper " Benedict Cumberbatch , "  The Imitation Game " Michael Keaton , "  Birdman " Eddie Redmayne , "  The Theory of Everything "  * WINNER Patricia Arquette , "  Boyhood "  * WINNER Laura Dern , "  Wild " Keira Knightley , "  The Imitation Game " Emma Stone , "  Birdman " Meryl Streep , "  Into the Woods " Robert Duvall , "  The Judge " Ethan Hawke , "  Boyhood " Edward Norton , "  Birdman " Mark Ruffalo , "  Foxcatcher " J.K. Simmons , "  Whiplash "  * WINNER Paul Thomas Anderson , "  Inherent Vice " Damien Chazelle , "  Whiplash " Jason Hall , "  American Sniper " Anthony McCarten , "  The Theory of Everything " Graham Moore , "  The Imitation Game "  * WINNER Wes Anderson and Hugo Guinness , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " Dan Futterman and E. Max Frye , "  Foxcatcher " Dan Gilroy , "  Nightcrawler " Alejandro González Iñárritu , Nicolás Giacobone , Alexander Dinelaris and Armando Bo , "  Birdman "  * WINNER Richard Linklater , "  Boyhood " "  Leviathan " "  Ida "  * WINNER "  Tangerines " "  Timbuktu " "  Wild Tales " "  CITIZENFOUR "  * WINNER "  Finding Vivian Maier " "  Last Days in Vietnam " "  The Salt in the Earth " "  Virunga " "  Big Hero 6 "  * WINNER "  The Boxtrolls " "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " "  Song of the Sea " "  The Tale of The Princess Kaguya " "  American Sniper " "  Boyhood " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " "  The Imitation Game " "  Whiplash "  * WINNER "  Everything Is Awesome " from "  The Lego Movie " "  Glory " from "  Selma "  * WINNER "  Grateful " from "  Beyond the Lights " "  I 'm Not Gon na Miss You " from "  Glen Campbell ... I 'll Be Me " "  Lost Stars " from "  Begin Again " Alexandre Desplat , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel "  * WINNER Alexandre Desplat , "  The Imitation Game " Johann Johannsson , "  The Theory of Everything " Gary Yershon , "  Mr. Turner " Hans Zimmer , "  Interstellar " Roger Deakins , "  Unbroken " Emmanuel Lubezki , "  Birdman "  * WINNER Dick Pope , "  Mr. Turner " Robert Yeoman , "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " Lukasz Zal and Ryszard Lenczewski , "  Ida " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel "  * WINNER "  Inherent Vice " "  Into the Woods " "  Maleficent " "  Mr. Turner " "  Foxcatcher " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel "  * WINNER "  Guardians of the Galaxy " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel "  * WINNER "  The Imitation Game " "  Interstellar " "  Into the Woods " "  Mr. Turner " "  American Sniper "  * WINNER "  Birdman " "  The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies " "  Interstellar " "  Unbroken " "  American Sniper " "  Birdman " "  Interstellar " "  Unbroken " "  Whiplash "  * WINNER Captain America : "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " "  Guardians of the Galaxy " "  Interstellar "  * WINNER "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " "  Aya " "  Boogaloo and Graham " "  Butter Lamp " "  Parvaneh " "  The Phone Call "  * WINNER "  The Bigger Picture " "  The Dam Keeper " "  Feast "  * WINNER "  Me and My Moulton " "  A Single Life " "  Crisis Hotline : Veterans Press 1 "  * WINNER "  Joanna " "  Our Curse " "  The Reaper " "  White Earth "	The 87th Academy Awards aired Sunday night on ABC "  Birdman , " with four Oscars , was the night 's big winner
CNN  -- A 19-year-old gunman who killed eight people and then himself Wednesday at the Westroads Mall in Omaha , Nebraska , left a suicide note , police said . Police have identified the gunman as Robert A. Hawkins , 19 , of Nebraska . Five other people were injured , and two of them were in critical condition , hospital officials said . Chief Thomas Warren of the Omaha Police Department called the shooting "  premeditated , " but said it "  appears to be very random and without provocation . " Surveillance cameras may have captured the shooting , Warren said . "  We 'll be here throughout the night ; it 's a very extensive crime scene , " he said . Police identified the gunman as Robert A. Hawkins of Nebraska . They have recovered an SKS assault rifle and the suspect 's vehicle . Debora Maruca Kovac , Hawkins ' landlord who found the suicide note , said he wrote he was sorry for everything and did not want to be a burden to anyone any longer . Watch landlord describe phone call from shooter " Hawkins said in the note he loved his friends and family , but "  he was a piece of s -- all his life , and now he 'll be famous , " she told CNN . She said Hawkins was a friend of her sons and "  reminded me of a lost puppy that nobody wanted . " He came to live with her about a year and a half ago , telling her he could not stay with his own family because of "  some issues with his stepmother and him . " She described Hawkins as well-behaved , although "  he had a lot of emotional problems , obviously . " The shootings began about 1:42 p.m. Seven people were found dead at the scene by officers arriving six minutes later ; two others , a male and a female , died after being transported to Creighton University Medical Center , said Fire Chief Robert Dahlquist . A Creighton spokeswoman said a second female was undergoing surgery and was in critical condition Wednesday afternoon . Three other people were taken to the University of Nebraska Medical Center . One , a 61-year-old man who sustained a chest wound after being shot in the armpit , underwent surgery and remained in critical condition in the intensive care unit Wednesday night , said hospital spokeswoman Maggie O'Brien . Learn more about the victims " The other two -- a 34-year-old man who was shot in the arm , and a 55-year-old man who fell and struck a clothing rack as he was trying to escape -- were treated and released , she said . Maruca Kovac told CNN that Hawkins left home Wednesday about 11 a.m. , and called the house about two hours later , sounding upset . "  He just said he wanted to thank me for everything I 'd done for him ... and he was sorry , " Maruca Kovac said . He told her he had gotten fired from his job , she said . "  I said , ` Come home and we 'll talk about it , ' " she said . "  He said , ` It 's too late . ' He said he 'd left a note explaining everything . " Witness Jennifer Kramer told CNN she heard at least 25 shots . Watch witnesses describe the ordeal " "  He just kept firing , " she said . She said she called 911 on her cell phone , whispering into it out of fear of being heard . A dispatcher told her other calls had been received and help was on the way , but she said it seemed to take "  a long time " for them to arrive . "  It was just so loud , and then it was silence , " she said . "  I was scared to death he 'd be walking around looking for someone else . " She said as she was being escorted out by police , she saw a man lying injured by the escalator where she had been previously . "  All of us were slightly confused because we did n't know what it was , " said mall employee Charissa Tatoon about the first burst of gunfire . "  Immediately after that , there was a series of maybe 20 to 25 more shots up on the third floor . "  I was in the women 's shoe department and there was a gentleman coming down the escalator that was very near the shoe department , and he was heard saying that he was calling 911 , and immediately after that , the shooter shot down from the third floor and shot him on the second floor . " Warren , the police chief , said the victims included five females and three males , not including Hawkins . "  We believe there was one shooter , and one shooter only , " he said . Maruca Kovac said she was unaware Hawkins had any guns , although she said he knew a lot about them , as did his stepfather . "  When he first came to live with us , he was in the fetal position and chewed his fingernails all the time , " she said . But she said she thought he was improving , as he had gotten a job , a haircut and a girlfriend . However , she said Hawkins and his girlfriend had broken up in the last couple of weeks , and he had taken it hard . She said late Wednesday that authorities were searching her house for evidence . "  My kids are devastated , " she said . "  We 're all in shock . " Hawkins ' former school district released a photo of a youth with glasses and long black hair . A spokeswoman said he attended Papillon-La Vista High School until he withdrew in March 2006 . Witnesses described chaos and frantic shoppers running away from the Von Maur store , where the shooting began just before 2 p.m. "  You 're in such shock , it 's hard to think . I was hoping God would spare us , " said a woman who was clutching a rosary in her trembling hand after the shootings . "  We had to put up our hands and follow the police to the outside . " Others described scenes of horror as they fled the mall . See a map of where the shooting took place " Some shoppers and mall employees hid in clothes racks , dressing rooms and bathrooms after hearing the shots . Most of the victims were shot inside the Von Maur store , Sgt. Teresa Negron said . Watch police talk about the shooting " President Bush had visited Omaha Wednesday before the shooting . "  The president is deeply saddened by the shootings in Omaha , Nebraska , earlier today , " White House press secretary Dana Perino said . "  His thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families this evening . Having just visited with so many members of the community in Omaha today , the president is confident that they will pull together to comfort one another as they deal with this terrible tragedy . " As news of the shooting spread , people gathered outside the mall , checking on loved ones who were inside . The shopping center will be closed until at least Thursday , police said . The shooting was at least the fourth at a mall or shopping center so far this year , following incidents in Salt Lake City , Utah ; Kansas City , Missouri ; and Douglasville , Georgia . E-mail to a friend	Landlord says shooter called and told her : "  It 's too late " Police : Surveillance cameras may have captured the shooting Police identify the shooter as Robert A. Hawkins , 19 Two of the wounded are in critical condition
CNN  -- At least seven U.N. peacekeepers were killed and 17 others were injured in an ambush Saturday morning near their base in Manawashi , north of the South Darfur regional capital of Nyala , a U.N. spokesman said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed outrage about the attacks and identified the killed peacekeepers as Tanzanians , a spokesman said . A group of vehicles manned by troops and police of the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur  UNAMID  was attacked . It was the third attack on the unit in three weeks , the spokesman said . The secretary-general "  expects that the Government of Sudan will take swift action to bring the perpetrators to justice , " the spokesman 's statement said . The Darfur region is located in Sudan along the border with the new nation of South Sudan . The convoy came under heavy gunfire , and fighting continued as peacekeepers were vastly outnumbered , said Chris Cycmanick , acting spokesman for the U.N. Mission in Darfur . There has not been any claim of responsibility for the attack . Violence has plagued Darfur for a decade . The United Nations estimates as many as 300,000 people have been killed and almost 3 million people have been displaced from their homes since the Darfur conflict broke out in 2003 . Widespread atrocities have occurred during fighting between Sudan 's government forces and militias and other rebel groups . The African Union-U.N. Hybrid Operation was established as peacekeepers in 2007 , with the mission 's headquarters in El Fasher , North Darfur .	The seven killed U.N. peacekeepers are Tanzanians U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expresses outrage Attack is third in three weeks on African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Two attacks carried out against Palestinians in recent days , one in Jerusalem and the other on the West Bank , have prompted some uncomfortable questions in Israel about racism toward Arabs . In one incident , Jamal Julani , a 17-year-old Palestinian from East Jerusalem , was beaten unconscious by a group of teenagers in West Jerusalem . He spent several days in the hospital recovering from his injuries . On the same day , August 16 , a taxi carrying a Palestinian family close to the Israeli settlement of Bat Ayin on the West Bank was firebombed . All six family members were injured , one badly . Three children , ages 12 and 13 , have been arrested on suspicion of throwing the gasoline bomb . Seven minors , as well as an adult , were indicted in the Jerusalem case Tuesday . Among the charges they face are incitement to racism , incitement to violence and aggravated assault , and motivated racism . The youth of the alleged perpetrators and the fact they appear to have targeted their victims because of their race , and in the West Bank case possibly also as a result of tensions between settlers and Palestinians over land , have shocked many in Israel . Some believe an environment of conflict and lack of tolerance have combined to create dangerous behavioral instincts in the youth on both sides , undermining the chances of a peaceful resolution to the conflict . Jerusalem city councilor Laura Wharton , who grew up in the United States but has lived in Israel for many years , wrote in her blog that "  apart from sorrow I can only express my shame that such a thing could happen in my country . " In the wake of the attacks , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu issued a strongly worded statement expressing the government 's "  complete opposition to racism and violence . " But some , Wharton among them , say this is not enough to tackle the deeper issues at stake . Jamal Julani 's cousin , 18-year-old Nu'oman Julani , described to CNN how the pair were in West Jerusalem to shop for Eid when they ran into a group of about 50 Israeli settler youths shouting racist slogans in Zion Square . Nu'oman Julani said they tried to avoid the group , splitting off in different directions . "  All of sudden , I saw a group of these extremist Jews run after my cousin and start beating him up , " he told CNN . "  I followed to stop the fight and I was personally beaten as well , but not as much as my cousin , who was knocked unconscious to the ground when he sustained a direct hit to the chest and heart . " The beating continued until the police arrived on the scene . "  I thought that my cousin was dead because I saw his eyes rolled backwards and he looked blue , but a man helped in resuscitating him , " Nu'oman Julani said . "  I have one question , why is this happening ? What did we do to deserve this ? I hope they get the highest possible punishment for this crime they did . " An Israeli ambulance service spokesman confirmed to CNN that one of its operatives had helped to resuscitate the teenager , whose heart had stopped beating . He said the teenager was taken to hospital but that the lack of visible injuries led medical staff to believe he was suffering from a heart complaint not caused by the incident . Speaking from his son 's hospital bedside , Abu Akram Julani said he was relieved that Jamal had regained consciousness , and that he did not remember what had happened that night . Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN an incident of a sexual nature between a 15-year-old Jewish girl and an Arab Israeli a few weeks earlier had been a factor in the disturbance . The girl had told her friends about that incident , he said , "  and that 's what stirred up all of the tension , and then they started walking the streets and cursing the Arabs and then a brawl and a fight broke out . " The indictment filed with the Jerusalem court describes how on that night a large group of boys had started shouting racist abuse and "  pushing , punching and kicking " some Arabs who passed them . When they spotted Julani and three other Arabs near Zion Square , they started to run after them , it says . The accused then beat Julani "  until he lost consciousness and his breathing and his heart stopped , so he needed resuscitation and needed hospitalization for several days . " Netanyahu 's statement condemning the attacks came five days later , after a weekend in which the story gathered steam in the media . "  In the state of Israel , we are not prepared to tolerate racism ; neither are we prepared to tolerate the combination of racism and violence , " he said . "  This is something that we can not accept -- not as Jews , not as Israelis . This is not our way ; this goes against our way , and we condemn it in word and deed . We will quickly bring to justice those responsible for this reprehensible incident . " Vice Prime Minister and Strategic Affairs Minister Moshe Ya'alon also condemned the firebombing as a "  terrorist act " that ran counter to national values , according to Israel 's Haaretz newspaper . The hate crimes "  are intolerable , outrageous and must be firmly dealt with , " he is quoted as saying . Wharton , of the left-wing Meretz party , told CNN Wednesday the statements from Netanyahu and others condemning the violence are welcome -- but the government seems unlikely to take on the deep-rooted issues behind the attacks . She believes the incidents are a symptom of three highly concerning trends . "  One is a question of racism , which is definitely on the rise in Israel and is very worrisome to , I think , just about everyone except for a worrisome combination of extreme right and extreme religious groups , " she said . A second is the issue of rising violence in Israel , particularly among the younger generation , she said , in contrast to a tradition of low levels of violent crime despite the threat of terrorism . The third has to do with a growing number of ultra-orthodox youth who drop out of school but whose highly religious education and upbringing have left them unable to adjust to regular society , Wharton said . "  Those kids , they leave these schools and they are suddenly exposed to a whole world they have n't seen before . They do n't know how to behave , they get involved in drugs or crime , " she said . At the same time , racism is also increasing in mainstream schools , she said , in part as a by-product of Israel 's long history of conflict and the distrust built up following scores of attacks by Palestinian militants . She believes more must be done in schools to emphasize the need for peaceful coexistence , in line with traditional Jewish values , and to warn against stereotyping and violence . On a more hopeful note , several hundred people joined an event in Zion Square two nights after the attack on Julani to demonstrate against racism , Wharton noted in her blog . Naomi Schacter , an associate director of Shatil , an initiative of the New Israel Fund , echoes the sentiment that words of condemnation from politicians are not enough to tackle the problem . "  With racism rising in this country , and chants and graffiti calling for ` death to the Arabs ' becoming a distressingly common event , it is clear that such reactive public statements are not sufficient , " she wrote in an opinion piece in The Times of Israel following the assaults . "  Not only swift and vigorous action against the perpetrators of such criminal attacks , but also a paradigm shift in public rhetoric , are necessary to halt the trend . " The responses posted below her piece attest to the divisive nature of the debate . The latest assaults are not the only incidents to prompt soul-searching in Israel in recent months . A number of so-called "  price tag " attacks -- a term frequently used to describe acts of vandalism by radical Israeli settlers exacting a "  price " against Palestinian targets or Israeli security forces in response to actions by the Israeli government -- have targeted Palestinian mosques and property . High-profile incidents involving intolerance toward African immigrants , some of whom have entered illegally after fleeing conflict in Sudan and Eritrea , have also sparked internal debate about whether the country is facing growing racism . While some Israelis accuse the illegal African immigrants of increasing levels of crime , suffocating the infrastructure and changing the fabric of Israel , others ask how a country founded by Jews trying to escape persecution can turn against anyone trying to escape danger in their own lands . The government is seeking to deport tens of thousands of the migrants to their homelands , despite fears for their safety there . At the same time , the thorny issue of whether Israel 's ultra-orthodox community , known as the Haredim , should serve in the military or in civil service has come under the spotlight . Netanyahu 's government last month lost its main coalition partner , centrist political faction Kadima , over failed attempts to agree on an alternative to the law that exempts ultra-orthodox men from serving in the Israeli army . The prime minister had hoped to reach a consensus with the Haredim , who oppose changes to the law . His Likud party has traditionally aligned with the ultra-orthodox factions as coalition partners . Controversy over attempts by some in the Haredim to enforce a strict form of gender segregation and rules of modesty on females outside of their community also exercised many Israelis this year . The Haredim , who make up approximately 10 % of the country according to government figures , are the fastest growing segment of the population -- and tensions between Israel 's different communities seem unlikely to go away just yet . This story is based on reporting by Enas Muthaffar and Paul Colsey in Jerusalem . It was written by Laura Smith-Spark in London .	Two recent attacks on Palestinians have prompted questions about racism in Israel A 17-year-old Arab was beaten unconscious by a group of Jewish Israelis , his cousin says In the other attack , a Palestinian family was firebombed in a taxi on the West Bank A city councillor cites racism , violence and some ultra-orthodox views
CNN  -- A suspected drug kingpin on the "  15 Most Wanted " fugitives list has been arrested in Los Angeles , the U.S. Marshals Service announced Thursday . Keith Hasson , 45 , was arrested without incident Wednesday at an apartment northwest of downtown Los Angeles , between Burbank and Thousand Oaks , according to a statement from the Marshals Service . He is reputed to have been the leader of a nationwide cocaine and marijuana trafficking ring that operated from 1999 to 2005 and generated more than $ 20 million in cash and assets , the statement said . Hasson was wanted on a 2005 open indictment from the U.S. District Court in New Mexico for conspiracy to distribute controlled substances , continuing criminal enterprise and conspiracy to launder money , according to the statement . His brother , Anthony Hasson , was convicted in the same case and was sentenced to more than 24 years in prison . Keith Hasson was placed on the most-wanted fugitive list on June 6 . His criminal history dates back to 1981 and includes arrests for attempted murder , robbery , assault with a deadly weapon , vehicle theft , burglary and possession with intent to distribute , according to the Marshals Service . He also is wanted for questioning in two gang-related killings . Investigators say they believe Hasson had access to significant financial resources -- as well as far-flung family ties in the Southwest , Southeast and New York -- and was continuing to organize a criminal enterprise . "  Keith Hasson had a long run as a leader of a criminal organization , " Geoff Shank , acting assistant director of the Investigative Operations Division for the U.S. Marshals Service , said in a written statement . "  Thanks to the Marshals and their law enforcement partners , that long run has come to an end . "	Keith Hasson , 45 , was arrested Wednesday , the U.S. Marshals Service said He was placed on the Marshals Service 's "  15 Most Wanted " fugitives list on June 6 He is reputed to be the leader of a drug ring that brought in more than $ 20 million Hasson was wanted on a 2005 open indictment from New Mexico
CNN  -- They were fathers and daughters , tycoons and spiritualists , Westerners and Asians , who were in Mumbai for different reasons . But they met the same fate in the indiscriminate path of gunfire and explosions in a string of terror attacks across the Indian city this week . Kia Scherr , left , has told CNN that her husband , Alan Scherr , and daughter Naomi were killed in Mumbai . At least 183 people were killed this week in attacks on several high-traffic landmarks , many of which tourists frequent . Their deaths have torn families and communities apart , and many more have yet to be confirmed . Small snapshots of the victims have begun to emerge , most of them pertaining to foreigners . Limited reports have circulated about victims from India . A father and daughter from a Virginia meditation group were among five Americans confirmed dead , the U.S. State Department said Friday . Kia Scherr told CNN on Friday that her husband , Alan , 58 , and daughter , Naomi , 13 , were killed . She said she knew her husband and daughter were dining at the Oberoi , a Mumbai hotel , when gunfire broke out Wednesday night . Scherr said she last spoke to them Thursday . Watch friends tell the story of the Scherrs ' visit to Mumbai " The father and daughter had been in India since November 17 and were due to leave Monday , Scherr said . A spokeswoman for The Synchronicity Foundation , a meditation group based near Charlottesville , Virginia , said the two were among 25 members of the group who were visiting India . The other Synchronicity people who were staying at the Oberoi "  are accounted for and safe , " the group 's Web site said . Hemant Karkare , Anti-Terrorism Squad chief for Maharashtra state , was among at least 16 members of Indian law enforcement officers killed in the attacks . Mumbai is in Maharashtra . Karkare was leading an offensive against gunmen late Wednesday when he was shot three times in the chest , CNN sister network CNN-IBN reported . Karkare , who joined the Indian Police Service in 1982 , became ATS chief in January after spending seven years in Austria at the Research and Analysis Wing , Indian 's external foreign intelligence agency , according to CNN-IBN . Five hostages , including a rabbi and his wife , were killed in a standoff at the Chabad House , said Rabbi Zalman Shmotkin , a spokesman for Chabad-Lubavitch International in the United States . Watch : Rabbi and wife killed in Mumbai " Rabbi Gavriel Noach Holtzberg , the city 's envoy for the community , and his wife , Rivka , had been held hostage at the Chabad House , known as the Nariman House in Mumbai . The building houses the Mumbai headquarters of the Chabad community , a Hasidic Jewish movement . Gavriel Holtzberg , 29 , was born in Israel and moved to Brooklyn , New York , with his parents when he was 9 . Rivka , 28 , was a native of Afula , Israel , the organization said . Watch the Chabad community in New York react " The Holtzbergs arrived in Mumbai in 2003 to serve the Jewish community there , Chabad-Lubavitch International said . "  As emissaries to Mumbai , Gabi and Rivky gave up the comforts of the West in order to spread Jewish pride in a corner of the world that was a frequent stop for throngs of Israeli tourists , " said Rabbi Moshe Kotlarsky , vice chairman of Merkos L'Inyonei Chinuch , the educational arm of Chabad-Lubavitch , in a statement . Gavriel Holtzberg made a phone call to the Israeli Consulate to report that gunmen were in his house , the organization said . "  In the middle of the conversation , the line went dead , " the organization said . It did not say when the phone call took place . A cook at the center , who had barricaded herself in a room , grabbed the couple 's son and escaped with another person , the Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported . The boy 's 2nd birthday is Saturday , said Rabbi Yehuda Krinsky , chairman of the Educational and Social Services arms of the Chabad-Lubavitch Movement . "  Today , he became an orphan , " Krinsky said at a news conference in New York . Watch as Krinsky vows the Chabad community will raise the child " The couple 's other child was not in Mumbai at the time and is safe , Krinsky said . Among others confirmed dead : CNN 's Zain Verjee and Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Two Canadians , yachting tycoon , sister of Bollywood actor among dead Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg , wife Rivka confirmed dead at Chabad House in Mumbai Virginians Alan Scherr and daughter Naomi Scherr killed , family member says Anti-Terrorism Squad chief killed in offensive , CNN sister network CNN-IBN says
CNN  -- Few Americans think twice about whether their medicine bottle really contains what it says on the label . But that sense of security was shaken last month , when the Food and Drug Administration announced that a counterfeit version of Avastin , an expensive and commonly used cancer drug , had been purchased by 19 hospitals and medical centers . FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg spoke to CNN about medical counterfeits , as well as another crucial problem -- the ongoing shortage of many lifesaving cancer drugs . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : Where does the investigation stand ? Hamburg : It 's an ongoing investigation , but we 're working hard , and from what we can tell , patients have not been harmed from this . But it 's a wake-up call that we need to be working with the patient community and law enforcement to make sure our drug supply stays as safe as possible . CNN : Did any patients actually receive the medication , or was it caught before that ? Hamburg : We were able to get an early warning from colleagues in other countries that had noted the problem with substandard Avastin , and to move quickly to identify distributors in this country that had purchased and were using this counterfeit product . And our sense is that patients were not harmed . CNN : The hospitals and providers -- do you think they should have noticed this problem sooner ? Hamburg : It 's very hard for a health care provider to know when a drug is faked . And believe me , some of the fakes are very , very good . CNN : Has this case helped to put more attention on the problem ? Hamburg : It 's focused new attention and concern on counterfeit drugs . We feel at the FDA that we 're doing a very good job working with companies , with law enforcement and the health care community , but there 's more that still needs to be done . I 'm very eager to work with Congress . They 're considering some legislation that would give the FDA stronger authority and stiffen the rules around counterfeit drugs , and make it easier for us to really track drugs in the system , and enable us to quickly pull inadequate drugs . CNN : Right now , if you find a package of counterfeits , you sometimes have to send it back to the counterfeiter . Hamburg : At the present time , the FDA actually does n't have the authority when we find counterfeit drugs coming into the country , to just seize and destroy them . We can go to the courts , we can get an order and then take action , but that takes time . We need new authority . We also need stronger systems in place , to work with other countries and the international community to trace drugs as they move through the system . CNN : How would tracking work ? Hamburg : It 's important to recognize that drugs taken in this country come from sites all over the world . Right now 40 % of finished drugs Americans take come from other countries , and 80 % of the active pharmaceutical ingredients taken here come from other countries . We are responsible for overseeing drugs in 300,000 facilities around the world , coming in from 150 or so different countries . So it 's a huge task . CNN : Do we know how widespread counterfeits might be in the U.S ? Hamburg : We are constantly vigilant , and we do see on a regular basis isolated problems with counterfeit and substandard drugs . What we 're concerned about is putting in place systems to prevent greater and more widespread problems in the future . Also , penalties for counterfeiting drugs need to be stiffened . Right now , in terms of criminal activity , the penalties are less than if you counterfeit a Gucci purse . I think we can do better . CNN : There has been an ongoing shortage of cancer drugs . Does that create a greater incentive to counterfeit ? Hamburg : Right now , the problems are separate and discreet , but we need to recognize that there 's a huge potential for overlap . As drugs are in shortage , it creates the possibility of new gray markets or illegal markets to fill in those gaps . We need to make sure that does not happen . CNN : Do you think the problem of shortages will get better or worse ? Hamburg : It 's a serious problem and it 's going to be a continuous problem . It arises from an array of different factors . Some economic factors , incentives and reimbursement issues , and some that have to do with manufacturing issues and quality concerns . I think we are really deepening our understanding of how problems arise , and we 've strengthened the network of reporting so we 're getting early indications of when shortages may occur . CNN : What 's an example of that ? Hamburg : It 's very striking . After the president made an announcement about the importance of drug shortages , and issued an executive order basically asking FDA to call on companies to voluntarily expand their reporting when they think they might have a shortage or a disruption in the drug supply , we 've seen an increase of about six times as many reports . In that time frame -- November , to here we are in the middle of March -- we 've been able to prevent about 115 drug shortages .	Right now 40 % of finished drugs Americans take come from other countries Drug shortages : A ` serious problem and it 's going to be a continuous problem ' A drug shortage creates the possibility of new gray markets or illegal markets
CNN  As the United States gets ready to blame the Sony hack on North Korea , a troublesome question is emerging : Just what is North Korea capable of ? Experts say the nation has spent scarce resources on building up a unit called "  Bureau 121 " to carry out cyberattacks . North Korea has been blamed in the past for attacks in South Korea , but the Sony hack -- if indeed North Korea is behind it -- would seem to represent an escalation of tactics . "  I think we underestimated North Korea 's cybercapabilities , " said Victor Cha , director of Asian Studies at Georgetown University . "  They certainly did n't evidence this sort of capability in the previous attacks . " Cha was referring to attacks on South Korean broadcasters and banks last year . In March 2013 , South Korean police said they were investigating a widespread computer outage that struck systems at leading television broadcasters and banks , prompting the military to step up its cyberalert level . The South Korean communications regulator reportedly linked the computer failures to hacking that used malicious code , or malware . An investigation found that many of the malignant codes employed in the attacks were similar to ones used by the North previously , said Lee Seung-won , an official at the South Korean Ministry of Science . North Korea denied responsibility . A spokesman for the General Staff of the Korean People 's Army labeled the allegations "  groundless " and "  a deliberate provocation to push the situation on the Korean Peninsula to an extreme phase , " according to KCNA , the North Korean state news agency . North Korea has similarly denied the massive hack of Sony Pictures , which has been forced to cancel next week 's planned release of "  The Interview , " a comedy about an assassination attempt on North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . But KCNA applauded the attack . "  The hacking into the SONY Pictures might be a righteous deed of the supporters and sympathizers with the DPRK , " it said , using the acronym of its official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . "  The hacking is so fatal that all the systems of the company have been paralyzed , causing the overall suspension of the work and supposedly a huge ensuing loss . " Experts point to several signs of North Korean involvement . They say there are similarities between the malware used in the Sony hack and previous attacks against South Korea . Both were written in Korean , an unusual language in the world of cybercrime . "  Unfortunately , it 's a big win for North Korea . They were able to get Sony to shut down the picture . They got the U.S. government to admit that North Korea was the source of this and there 's no action plan really , at least publicly no action plan , in response to it , " said Cha . "  I think from their perspective , in Pyongyang , they 're probably popping the champagne corks . " CNN 's Gregory Wallace , Brian Stelter , Evan Perez , K.J. Kwon and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The United States is set to blame North Korea for the massive hack at Sony It 's not the first time North Korea would be accused of launching such an attack "  In Pyongyang , they 're probably popping the champagne corks , " says one analyst
CNN  -- "  It 's a miracle , " she told me . "  We can now have a baby that wo n't have Huntington 's disease . I thought I 'd never be able to have any kids -- because of the disease . " Her father had died from this disorder , which results from a gene mutation . She feared that she might have the mutation , too . But she was too scared to undergo testing for it . She also worried that if she had it , she might pass it on to her children . This disease causes severe neurological and psychiatric problems , and eventual death at around the same age as one 's parent died of it -- usually in one 's 40s or 50s . If a parent has the disease , each child has a 50 % chance of inheriting it . Woody Guthrie , the singer and songwriter , died of this illness . His children then had to debate whether they wanted to know if they , too , had the lethal mutation . His son , Arlo , for instance , decided not to find out . Many such offspring feel that to undergo this genetic test is to risk "  getting a death sentence , " i.e. , while they may feel fine , they know they have a mutation that will kill them . The woman with whom I spoke was afraid to learn if she had this gene . But she wanted to make sure that her children did not get it . Luckily , a relatively new procedure -- pre-implantation genetic diagnosis , or PGD -- allows doctors to test embryos before they are implanted into a woman 's womb , to help ensure that certain gene mutations are not passed on . Using In Vitro Fertilization , sperm fertilize eggs outside the womb , creating embryos . When the embryos are a few days old , one cell is removed and can be tested for hundreds of genes . This woman struggled with what to do . She feared she would be playing God . But she decided to undergo the procedure . The doctor told her that embryos without the mutation were implanted inside her . He did not tell her whether he had identified any embryos with the mutation . Thus , she was able to have a child free of the gene mutation that would cause Huntington 's disease , tremendously relieving her and her husband of worries . She still does not know if she has the bad gene herself . But this procedure is raising myriad complex ethical and social issues . It can eliminate gene mutations for untreatable diseases that kill infants and adults . But it can also be used to select embryos based on other genetic factors . Many parents decide that they want to choose , for instance , their future child 's gender , and many doctors now use this technology to do so . At some point in the future , tests will no doubt be marketed for genes that , companies will claim , are associated with behavioral traits such as intelligence , sexual orientation , possibly even perfect musical pitch , or physical characteristics like height , blond hair and blue eyes . Many of these claims will be highly questionable . Among diseases , Huntington 's is rare in that the gene mutation predicts the disorder . But for most people , common diseases and traits result from combinations of both nature and nurture -- multiple genes , along with various environmental and other factors . So , a particular mutation may contribute in some small way toward a disease or trait , but it would not be the sole determinant . A gene mutation might double your chance of getting a particular disease ; say your risk may rise from 5 % to 10 % , but you would still have a 90 % chance of never getting the disease . Profound dilemmas emerge concerning for which genes doctors should use PGD , and who should decide . Most Western European countries ban or heavily restrict use of this technology to serious diseases like Huntington 's -- not gender . In contrast , the United States does n't have laws governing when it can or can not be used . For example , the procedure has been used to avoid embryos with the gene that increases the risk of breast cancer , though the disease would n't affect the child for perhaps 40 or 50 years . Individuals with one of the breast cancer mutations can have their breasts and ovaries removed to prevent disease . Also , by 2065 , treatments may exist . And what about gene mutations that have , say , a 20 % or 30 % chance of causing disease when the child is in midlife ? Should parents discard an embryo based on that percentage ? This technology is expensive -- about $ 20,000 for each cycle of IVF -- and many insurance companies do not cover most of the cost . Hence , wealthy parents can afford to eliminate certain diseases from their offspring , while poorer and middle-class parents will not be able to do so . Consequently , over time , certain disease will become relegated to certain social groups , but not others . The gap between the wealthiest 1 % and everyone else is already expanding . Should we allow this method to widen it more in the genetic pool ? Some people argue yes : Wealthy parents can already afford to send their children to private schools , private tutors , SAT prep classes , while other parents can not do so . But eliminating diseases is in some ways more extreme . Others see this technology as raising troubling issues of eugenics , which had horrific results under the Nazis , who sought to "  purify " the gene pool in Germany , and eliminate people whom they felt were genetically inferior . The film "  Gattaca " and Aldous Huxley 's 1932 novel , "  Brave New World , " depict the dark problems that can ensue . So far , we have allowed parents to choose when to use this procedure . Government regulations might be cumbersome . The American Society for Reproductive Medicine , the professional organization for physicians working in this area , has issued some guidelines , permitting broad use , but these are not really enforced . Yet many patients , and even doctors , know little about this technology . More education of both physicians and the public is critical . We also need broad discussion and debate about what is at stake , and where to draw the line . "  How beauteous mankind is , " Shakespeare 's Miranda exclaims optimistically in "  The Tempest . " "  Oh brave new world , that has such people in it ! " Huxley used these words ironically . Between her hope and his pessimism may lie the reality -- depending on how we all now respond . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Klitzman .	Robert Klitzman : Testing to screen embryos of gene mutations raises ethical issues Klitzman : The upside is it can eliminate mutations that cause untreatable diseases But this technology can be abused and some may use it for selective breeding , he says Klitzman : We need to know where to draw the line and not cross over into eugenics
EW.com  -- In movies like 1974 's "  Death Wish , " where Charles Bronson played a walking statue of stoic wrath , vigilante justice is mean , nasty and also good , clean fun . But then there 's the kind of movie , like Sam Peckinpah 's "  Straw Dogs , " that salutes lone-wolf vengeance while also making you feel the spiritual toll it takes -- a breed of thriller that 's exciting , cathartic and powerfully disturbing . "  Prisoners " is that kind of movie . It 's rooted in 40 years of Hollywood revenge films , yet it also breaks audacious new ground . The film stars Hugh Jackman as Keller Dover , a brawny survivalist who is also a gentle-voiced suburban dad . On a rainy Thanksgiving afternoon , Keller brings his wife  Mario Bello  and kids over to the home of neighborhood friends  Terrence Howard and Viola Davis  . The two families eat , drink and joke around , and nothing too remarkable happens -- until everyone realizes that Keller 's little daughter , Anna  Erin Gerasimovich  , has left the house and disappeared , along with the other family 's daughter , Joy  Kyla Drew Simmons  . EW : Fall movies we ca n't wait to see A search turns up nothing , but later that night , the police find a pale , mostly mute young creep  Paul Dano  in smudged aviator frames and oily long hair hanging around in his skeevy RV camper -- the same vehicle that the girls were trying to crawl up the ladder of that afternoon . The cops arrest this damaged-looking sad sack , interrogate him , and find no evidence . So they let him go . But Keller , after an encounter with the suspect outside the police station , is convinced that he 's guilty . So he takes action . He kidnaps the creep , brings him to an abandoned apartment building , and beats him to a bloody pulp , over and over again . He threatens to kill the young man unless he confesses . But the suspect/victim says nothing . If he is , in fact , innocent , then what Keller is doing is an unholy atrocity . But what if he 's guilty ? Are Keller 's one-man torture-squad tactics justified then ? And what if many people  along with the law  would declare that no , those tactics are still not justified ? What should Keller do , given that every bone in his body is telling him that this is the only way he 'll ever see his daughter again ? What if every bone in his body is right ? "  Prisoners , " directed by Denis Villeneuve  "  Incendies "  from a script by Aaron Guzikowski , is no shallow payback thriller . It 's a dazzingly potent , ambitious and complex movie , a film that forces you to ask questions that have no easy answers . What I 've described is merely the film 's first act . There are a great many twists and turns -- both suspenseful and thematic -- to come . Yet at the heart of "  Prisoners " is something primitive and elemental and gripping , an obsession with torture , morality and the impotence of the justice system that speaks to our time as intensely  and maybe controversially  as the pitch-dark vigilante thrillers of the '70s once spoke to theirs . EW 's Jess Cagle talks porn sets with Hugh Jackman Jackman , in a staggering performance that 's unlike anything he has done before , acts with an unbridled rage , and he invests every snarl and rasp of that anger with meaning . Keller knows that in missing-child cases , each day the victim does n't turn up radically increases the chances that she never will , and so his fury , even at its craziest , comes off as a desperate display of committed action . Haunted by what might be happening to his daughter , he has -- at least in his own mind -- transcended the law , yet that leaves him with nothing to believe in but himself , and Jackman takes us on every step of that brave , terrible journey . Each of the film 's major performances is powerful . As the cop heading up the investigation , Jake Gyllenhaal has a moody danger that all but redefines him as an actor  for the first time , he does n't seem like too nice a guy  , and Melissa Leo , as the suspect 's mother , unnerves you with the sinister banality of her homepsun Middle American quirkiness . She 's the nightmare mom next door . In its treatment of torture as a means to an end , "  Prisoners " is very much a post - "  Zero Dark Thirty " movie , even if the sin at its heart is child abduction rather than terrorism . Keller 's remorseless treatment of his suspect echoes America 's treatment of its captives at Abu Ghraib and other hidden locales after 9/11 . Only this time it 's personal : a desperate father out to save his daughter . "  Prisoners " takes the mythic simplicity of the vigilante film and adds arresting layers of ambiguity . Watching the movie , we behold Keller 's actions and feel that they may be horribly unjustified -- a daring place for a film to put its hero -- and we also behold his actions and feel that they may be what true morality demands . t 's a sign of the film 's power that either scenario could turn out to be true , and that each one is just as scary . Grade : A See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Prisoners " stars Hugh Jackman and Jake Gyllenhaal It 's rooted in Hollywood revenge films but breaks new ground Thrilling and complex , the film earns an "  A "
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- In 1989 , the warnings were dire . The Spike Lee film "  Do the Right Thing , " critics and columnists said , would provoke violence and disrupt race relations . Spike Lee : "  I wanted to do a film that would try to show what was happening at the time . " "  This movie is dynamite under every seat , " wrote Newsweek 's Jack Kroll . Other commentators believed the film would harm the candidacy of David Dinkins , an African-American who was running for mayor of New York . It might even spark riots at movie theaters , they thought . Instead , what the film provoked was ... talk . There were no riots . Dinkins was elected . "  Do the Right Thing " had a successful run at the box office -- if not as successful as Lee and his supporters hoped -- and was nominated for two Academy Awards . Twenty years later , the film still maintains a hold on the imagination . In 2007 , the American Film Institute ranked it as one of the 100 best American films . Roger Ebert , who has written he cried when he first saw the film at the Cannes Film Festival , still considers the film a wonder : "  Spike Lee had done an almost impossible thing . He 'd made a movie about race in America that empathized with all the participants , " he wrote in 2001 . So what is the thing about "  Do the Right Thing ? " Watch Spike Lee describe things in his own words " Part of its staying power is in its boldness , both in look and action . Lee 's first two films , "  She 's Got ta Have It "  1986  and "  School Daze "  1988  , had marked him as a rising young filmmaker . But it was "  Do the Right Thing , " made when Lee was just 32 , that showcased his confidence , from the deliberately striking color scheme  bright reds and oranges that make a hot day seem even hotter  to its heightened -- sometimes stagy -- atmosphere , to its grim , documentary-style riot climax . Then there was its willingness to address issues head-on . Lee has said he wrote the film quickly , upset by racial incidents roiling New York City in the 1980s .  In one , the 1986 Howard Beach tragedy , three black men who had wandered into the largely Italian neighborhood by mistake were beaten by a group of white teens ; one of the men was killed as he fled across a nearby highway . "  When I wrote the script ... New York City was a very polarized city , racially , " he said . "  I wanted to do a film that would try to show what was happening at the time . " He was also determined to roll in other clashes between poor locals and gentrifying whites , between police and citizenry , even between men and women . That friction takes a simple , sketchy plot -- a scorching day in the life of Brooklyn 's Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood -- and turns it into a series of tense standoffs . The generally African-American residents are trying to beat the heat . Sal , an Italian pizza shop owner , oversees his corner business . A local agitator , Buggin Out , crosses Sal . Sal 's prejudiced son Pino faces off with Mookie , the delivery man played by Lee . The residents grumble at the Korean grocer . But all is more or less calm until Sal busts the boombox of the defiant Radio Raheem , and then hell breaks loose . The passion of "  Do the Right Thing " is obvious : "  Opinion will always be divided on ... ` Do the Right Thing , ' " wrote The New Yorker 's Anthony Lane . "  But it remains a thrilling panorama of social crackup -- a wide and worthy development of themes that Lee had been mulling since ` She 's Got ta Have It . ' " The film also boasts indelible performances -- Lee , Danny Aiello as Sal , Giancarlo Esposito as Buggin Out , Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee as Da Mayor and Mother Sister , John Turturro as Pino -- and memorable music , a mix of jazz penned by Lee 's father , Bill , and the Public Enemy song "  Fight the Power . " But perhaps the real reason people talk about "  Do the Right Thing " two decades on is because it 's still relevant . Lee makes the point that race issues have n't vanished simply because America has a black president . "  It 's not like this thing has disappeared because -LCB- President Obama -RCB- is in the White House , " he said . Some things have improved , particularly the atmosphere in New York itself , he said . But , "  We 've got a lot of work to do . " Ironically , some of that work has to be done at Hollywood studios . Though Lee is quick to credit Universal and its then head Tom Pollock for championing the film , he said things have n't changed much in the movie business . "  Sports is so much more advanced than Hollywood , " he said . "  I can go for a meeting at a studio -LSB- and -RSB- the only black person I 'm going to see is the brother-man at the gate letting me in . "	"  Do the Right Thing " came out 20 years ago this summer Spike Lee film examined race issues in a tinderbox situation Lee sees film as still relevant : "  We 've got a lot of work to do " on race , he says
CNN  -- Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton will start Sunday 's German Grand Prix from the front of the grid after a stunning lap at the end of qualifying on Saturday at the Nurburgring . The Briton 's time of one minute 29.398 seconds saw him finish 0.103 seconds ahead of Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel to the delight of his German-owned team . "  We were so far off this morning that we took the set-up back to where we started , tried to analyze everything and just worked really hard to improve it . I 'm so grateful for the work the engineers and mechanics did for me , and it 's all down to them really , " Hamilton said . Reigning world champion Vettel has yet to win his home grand prix is upbeat about his chances on Sunday . "  We had a good run yesterday looking at the race , so I think we have done our homework . We have put the car on the first row ; it was n't quite enough for pole position , but we should have a good race from there tomorrow , " Vettel said . His teammate Mark Webber finished qualifying in third ahead of Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen and Romain Grosjean . Fernando Alonso , who is currently 21 points behind Vettel in the drivers ' championship , will start in eighth . Germany 's Nico Rosberg , winner at Silverstone last weekend , will start Sunday 's race down in 11th place after a misjudgment by his Mercedes team who did n't send him out for a second timed lap at the end of Q2 . "  I did n't see it coming and we just underestimated how much the track would ramp up in terms of grip and lap time . I could have been on the front row today and that 's why I 'm so disappointed , " Rosberg said . There were no tire problems on Saturday following six blowouts at the British Grand Prix last weekend . The Grand Prix Drivers Association has threatened to boycott Sunday 's race should a repeat of last weekend 's six blowouts at Silverstone occur . Formula One 's official tire supplier Pirelli have modified its rear tires with a Kevlar strip to help prevent punctures .	Lewis Hamilton will start Sunday 's German Grand Prix from pole position British driver won last F1 race held at Nurburgring back in 2011 Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel joins Hamilton on front row of grid Mark Webber and Kimi Raikkonen will start third and fourth respectively
Dozens of militants were killed in crackdowns across Pakistan on Friday , officials said , days after the Pakistani Taliban massacred nearly 150 people at a school . The Pakistani military claimed it killed 32 militants in an ambush as they were moving toward the Afghan border in the northwestern province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . The military 's statement did n't specify whether any of those killed were Taliban members or say whether the ambush was linked to Tuesday 's deadly attack by the group on a school in Peshawar , the capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . The military claimed that the fleeing insurgents "  left behind bodies of their accomplices " after the firefight . Three members of the Pakistani security forces were wounded , it said . CNN was n't able to independently confirm what took place . Pakistani security forces also killed eight militants in the southwestern province of Balochistan , including a Taliban commander , during a heavy exchange of fire , an intelligence officer said . The military actions follow this week 's horrifying Taliban attack on an army school in Peshawar that killed 145 people , 132 of them children . The school massacre prompted widespread revulsion across Pakistan . Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif responded by announcing an end to a moratorium on the death penalty in terrorism cases . The Pakistani Taliban , known as the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan , said they targeted a school that mostly admits soldiers ' children because the students aspired to follow in their fathers ' footsteps and target militants . They also said it was revenge for the killing of hundreds of innocent tribesmen and their children during a recent offensive by Pakistan 's military . The Pakistani army has been conducting a ground offensive aimed at clearing out Taliban and other militants in the loosely governed tribal areas of northwestern Pakistan . The campaign has displaced tens of thousands of people . The Pakistani Taliban , which has close ties with its namesake in Afghanistan , has long taken credit for an extensive list of assaults on civilians and security forces in Pakistan .	Pakistan 's military says its forces killed 32 militants in an ambush in the northwest Official : Another 8 insurgents , including a Taliban commander , were killed in Balochistan The Pakistani Taliban killed 145 people , most of them children , in a school attack this week
As newly picked Ebola czar Ron Klain gets started , some are wondering if America could also use a new surgeon general . As Republicans criticize the Obama administration 's appointment of Klain , Democrats are intensifying their push for a vote on the delayed nomination of Dr. Vivek Murthy for surgeon general . "  Given the public 's increasing fears regarding the spread of the disease , it is imperative that we confirm a Surgeon General who will play a significant role in educating the American public about the disease and how to best protect their health , " write Democratic Reps. Barbara Lee , Judy Chu and Ami Bera and dozens of other House Democrats in a letter being sent this week to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . "  The American public would benefit from having a Surgeon General to disseminate information that is desperately needed . " Murthy , a doctor and entrepreneur from Boston , was nominated last fall after Vice Admiral Regina Benjamin stepped down . His pick ran into controversy because of some of his political advocacy and statements saying guns are a health care issue . In 2008 he co-founded a group Doctors for Obama which backed Barack Obama 's campaign and his push for health care reform . The group later was re-named Doctors for America , which advocated for some gun control measures . In an editorial Thursday the Boston Globe said : "  It 's a bad time to be without a surgeon general ; dismayingly , Obama 's appointment of Dr. Vivek Murthy of Brookline sank earlier this year because of -LSB- National Rife Association -RSB- opposition . But the president needs a confidence-inspiring figure to lead and explain the nation 's Ebola efforts â $ " or should be prepared to step into that role himself . " As the editorial notes , the nomination stalled after the NRA in February wrote to Reid and McConnell saying it "  strongly " opposed Murthy . "  Given Dr. Murthy 's lengthy history of hostility towards the right to keep and bear arms , " the NRA said "  there is little reason to believe that he would not work to further a gun control agenda if confirmed as Surgeon General . " How much difference would a confirmed surgeon general make in the Ebola response ? Currently there is an acting surgeon general , Rear Admiral Boris Lushniak , but he has not taken a major public role during this crisis . The job of surgeon general is not known as one of the most powerful health care positions in the administration . He or she reports to an assistant secretary of health , does not directly supervise any of the agencies responsible for dealing with the Ebola outbreak but does oversee a group of 6,800 uniformed public health professionals working for the government . "  It was stripped of its power in the 1960 's , " said author Mike Stobbe describing the power of office of the surgeon general . "  Since then the surgeon general has been a health educator , a spokesman . It has been up to the government how much reign they want to give that person , " Stobbe , author of the book "  Surgeon General 's Warning : How Politics Crippled the Nation 's Doctor , " added . In some past recent health crises either the Health and Human Services Secretary and/or the head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have been the frontline spokesmen for the government . So far Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell , who took over in June , has not publicly stepped out as a public voice of the government 's response . She did one round of the network morning shows last week . CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden instead has appeared on many television shows and been most commonly the administration 's choice for briefing the public on the status of the Ebola outbreak in the U.S. Known as the "  nation 's doctor , " a confirmed surgeon general could fill a void as the administration 's face on Ebola although as some former officials have said the office does n't have much direct responsibility and is rather weak . The White House says however it would n't hurt . "  In terms of what role the surgeon general would play in this specific response , I guess what I would say about that is it 's hard to imagine it would hurt , and that we would only benefit from a scenario where we had a dedicated public health professional who was involved in helping us communicate with hospitals and medical professionals all across the country to ensure that these protocols , the proper protocols , were in place and closely followed , " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said last week . Some of those who have served in the job also said they had helped with government preparedness in past crises . "  As surgeon general I was involved in a lot of the training , education , working with my colleagues at -LSB- National Institutes of Health -RSB- and CDC to ramp up after 9/11 to ensure we had the best preparedness programs in place which included bio agents . The problem is after these things happen , our memories start to fade . Our government stops to fund programs . Research is not as robust as it should be and so on , so there 's a rippling effect that goes out , " Dr. Richard Carmona , who served in the job in the George W. Bush administration , told CNN 's "  New Day " last week . Stobbe said some of the most successful recent surgeon generals were independent and "  were willing to say what they thought the truth was even if it was n't according to the script of the White House . " He specifically pointed to doctors who took prominent positions on issues which were not directly related to ongoing health care crises -- C. Everett Koop , who spoke out about smoking and AIDS and Jocelyn Elders , who was very public about her views on sexuality .	Dr. Vivek Murthy has been awaiting confirmation to be the next surgeon general since last fall . Rear Admiral Boris Lushniak is the acting surgeon general . One author said the position was stripped of its real power in the 1970s . That same author says the most successful surgeon generals have been those that can speak out .
CNN  -- Diego Milito scored in each half as Inter Milan beat Bayern Munich 2-0 to win the Champions League final and claim an historic treble . Jose Mourinho 's men had already claimed the Serie A and Italian Cup crowns ahead of Saturday night 's showdown with Bayern , who had also achieved the domestic double in Germany . Two clinical finishes from Milito in the 35th and 70th minutes settled an enthralling showdown in the Santiago Bernabeu stadium in Madrid and left Mourinho as only the third coach to win Europe 's top club competition with two teams . He achieved the feat with Porto in 2004 before leaving to manage Chelsea in the English Premier League . Bayern had made the better start in terms of possession without creating a clear cut chance before Inter scored the crucial opening goal . Brazilian goalkeeper Julio Cesar hoisted a long kick forward and Milito held off Martin Demichelis to work it back to Wesley Sneijder . The Argentine forward reacted quickly and quickly turned to receive a perfect return pass from Sneijder and clip the ball over Hans Jorg Butt in the Bayern goal . Growing in confidence , Inter should have been two up before the break as Milito turned provider to set up Sneijder , who shot straight at Butt with the goal at his mercy . Bayern , missing the suspended Franck Ribery and with Arjen Robben only an intermittent threat , had a golden chance to equalize in the opening attack of the second half . Hamit Altintop played in Thomas Mueller but the young German striker fluffed the opportunity as he shot straight at Cesar . Robben forced a one-handed save from Cesar before Milito gave Inter a two-goal cushion with more superb finishing . Fellow strike partner Samuel Eto'o gave him the chance to run at the heart of the Bayern defense and he left Daniel van Buyten trailing before beating Butt with some ease . It was his 30th goal in all competitions this season and sixth in the Champions League . Milito also scored the only goal to help Inter beat Siena last weekend to wrap up the Serie A title for the fifth straight year . Bayern could offer little threat as Inter comfortably held on for a deserved triumph having beaten Chelsea and reigning champions Barcelona en-route to the final . It ended a 45-year wait for the Italian giants , who last won the European Cup in 1965 . Whether Mourinho will be their coach next season as they attempt to retain the trophy remains the big question , with reports strongly linking him with a move to Real Madrid . With victory assured , Mourinho shook hands with his beaten Bayern counterpart Louis van Gaal before embarking on an emotional celebration with his team , appearing to wave goodbye as he saluted their delirious fans . He later appeared to confirm his departure as he gave post-match interviews . "  I want to be the only coach to win the Champions League with three different clubs , " AFP quoted him from Italian television . "  It 's more likely that I will leave rather than stay . "	Diego Milito scores twice as Inter Milan beat Bayern Munich 2-0 in Champions League final Victory gives Inter historic treble having won Serie A and Italian Cup Jose Mourinho is only third coach to win Europe 's top club competition with two clubs Mourinho set to leave Inter to take charge of Spanish giants Real Madrid
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- "  Troubling and counterproductive " rhetoric from North Korea is inflaming tensions on the Korean peninsula , but ultimately , "  we will judge North Korea by its actions , not its words , " the U.S. envoy to North Korea said Friday . In its latest bout of saber-rattling , North Korea on Friday warned of the possibility of "  strong physical counter-measures " against South Korea after the United Nations imposed tougher sanctions against the North earlier this week . The threat against South Korea came a day after the North said it would carry out a new nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches as part of a new phase of confrontation with the United States . The statement Friday from North Korea 's Committee for Peaceful Reunification of the Fatherland said it would take action against South Korea if it "  takes a direct part " in the U.N. sanctions . U.N. Security Council slams North Korea The South Korean Unification Ministry declined to comment specifically on the new threats from Pyongyang . It reiterated its stance that North Korea should refrain from further provocations . "  Now is a moment when I think all parties in the six-party process , in particular here , North Korea , should turn their attention to how to peacefully and diplomatically address challenges that concern them , " U.S. envoy Glyn Davies said from Beijing . The two Koreas have technically still been at war since the all-out conflict between them in the 1950s . Smaller scale clashes have occurred since then , most recently in November 2010 when North Korea shelled a South Korean island , killing several people . South Korea and the United States are often the focus of menacing language from Pyongyang , but the latest U.N. sanctions , a response to a long-range rocket launched last month by the North , appear to have prompted a ratcheting up of the threats . Opinion : For the U.N. and North Korea -- Game on A displeased Chinese editorial At the same time , North Korea 's strong words and vow to conduct a third nuclear test -- previous ones took place in 2006 and 2009 -- appear to be testing the patience of its main ally , China , which voted in favor of the U.N. sanctions this week . An editorial published Friday in the English-language edition of the state-run Chinese newspaper Global Times struck a displeased tone over Pyongyang 's comments a day earlier . "  China 's role and position are clear when discussing the North Korea issue in the U.N. Security Council , " the editorial said . "  If North Korea engages in further nuclear tests , China will not hesitate to reduce its assistance to North Korea . " That prospect carries weight , since North Korea 's impoverished economy relies heavily on China to stay afloat . Global Times , whose editorial line often but not always reflects official Chinese policy , made it clear , though , that Beijing is n't about to cut Pyongyang loose . Timeline : North Korea 's rocket-fueled obsession "  If the U.S. , Japan and South Korea promote extreme U.N. sanctions on North Korea , China will resolutely stop them and force them to amend these draft resolutions , " the editorial said . Global Times noted that Beijing had put "  a lot of effort into amendments " to the resolution approved by the Security Council this week . "  It seems that North Korea does not appreciate China 's efforts , " it said . "  It criticized China without explicitly naming it in its statement yesterday . " The newspaper was referring to a passage in the controversial North Korean statement Thursday that said that "  big countries , which are obliged to take the lead in building a fair world order , are abandoning without hesitation even elementary principle , under the influence of the U.S. arbitrary and high-handed practices . " The Global Times editorial also suggested that North Korea should n't rank too highly among China 's priorities . "  China hopes for a stable peninsula , but it 's not the end of the world if there 's trouble there , " it said , referring to the Korean peninsula that comprises North and South Korea . "  This should be the baseline of China 's position . " The Chinese Foreign Ministry on Thursday had urged North Korea and the West to "  keep calm , remain cautious and refrain from any action that might escalate the situation in the region . " How dangerous is North Korea 's nuke capability ? U.S. concerned but prepared U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said Thursday there are no "  outward indications " that North Korea is about to conduct a nuclear test , but he admitted it would be hard to determine that in advance . "  They have the capability , frankly , to conduct these tests in a way that makes it very difficult to determine whether or not they are doing it , " he said in a Pentagon press conference . "  We are very concerned with North Korea 's continuing provocative behavior , " Panetta said , but he added that the United States is "  fully prepared " to deal with any provocations . New nuclear test part of fight against U.S. CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Jaime A. FlorCruz in Beijing contributed to this report . Mark Morgenstein updated from Atlanta .	NEW : U.S. envoy calls North Korean threats "  troubling , " "  counterproductive " and "  inflammatory " Pyongyang threatens "  physical counter-measures " against South Korea It says it will act if South Korea takes a "  direct part " in new U.N. sanctions A day earlier , the North said a new nuclear test would be part of its fight against the U.S.
That 9-year-old Minnesota boy who slipped through security and hopped a flight to Las Vegas is no stranger to child protection investigators , who say he has a history of sneaking into a water park and was recently arrested after allegedly stealing a car , according to an e-mail obtained by the Minneapolis Star Tribune . And it turns out that his mother works at the airport where he began his journey , a source close to the situation said . The boy 's father told CNN affiliate WCCO that his son has had issues in the past . "  I do n't have an angel , OK . I have a 9-year-old , " he said . "  To me , he 's got a behavioral problem . " The father , who WCCO did not identify , said the family has been unsuccessfully trying to get help for his son for years . The Minneapolis Star Tribune reported that Janine Moore , area director of the Hennepin County Human Services and Public Health Department , wrote in an e-mail to agency administrators and County Board members of the boy 's "  pattern of behavior , " which has included hanging out at a Bloomington , Minnesota , water park and blending in with a large family to slip through without paying . She describes him as a "  challenging " child , according to the Star Tribune . The newspaper reported that there is an investigation into whether the boy 's mother , who works at Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport , helped him fly to Las Vegas . The newspaper did not report who was conducting that investigation . The boy 's father told WCCO that his wife reported their son missing on Thursday morning -- a day after they last saw him , leaving the house to take out the trash . "  We 're not bad parents . We did n't think nothin ' of it , " the father said . "  We thought he was at his friend 's house . " The father said he never expected his son would take the light rail from their North Minneapolis neighborhood to the airport and sneak onto an airplane . "  I do n't understand , " he said . "  You 've got so  many  security checks at these airports . How can you let a 9-year-old sneak past security , get on the plane , without anyone stopping him , questioning him or anything ? " Authorities have been trying to figure out how the child was able to slip past security and airline gate agents and board Delta Flight 1651 without detection . The boy went through security with other passengers , the Transportation Security Administration said in a statement Sunday , but officials were still trying to figure out how he did it -- and how he then got on the flight Thursday . Delta reviewing video to determine how boy hopped flight to Vegas Patrick Hogan , a spokesman for the airport , said that surveillance video shows the boy briefly talking to a Delta gate agent before the flight . A short while later , the video shows that the agent became "  distracted , " and that 's when the boy was able to sneak through and board the plane , he said . Hogan said the crew "  became suspicious of the child 's circumstances " during the flight . Crew members got in touch with authorities in Las Vegas and turned the boy over to Child Protective Services , Hogan said in a statement . The boy , who remained in Nevada , will be returned to Minneapolis because that is "  where issues will be addressed , " a source with knowledge of the situation told CNN . It was unclear when he would return to Minnesota . The agency did not immediately return a CNN telephone message Tuesday seeking comment on the Star Tribune report . According to the Star Tribune , Moore said child protective workers have investigated the boy 's family life four times . "  The reports have been inconsistent and there have been no injuries to the child ; however , there is a pattern of behavior , " the newspaper quoted her as saying in the e-mail . The newspaper said Moore wrote that the boy was arrested two weeks ago after allegedly stealing a car . The e-mail did n't indicate whether the boy was the driver of the car or a passenger , the newspaper reported . The newspaper also said Moore wrote that the boy has alleged that his mother has held a knife to his throat and that she was "  stabbed and died . " "  Typically , staff can tell if a child is lying , but with this child , they are unsure what is going on , " the newspaper quoted the e-mail as reading . Delta on Monday said it was reviewing surveillance video . Flight crew members alerted authorities to the boy .	Dad of plane stowaway : "  I do n't have an angel , OK . I have a 9-year-old " The boy 's parents thought he was at a friend 's house , his dad tells WCCO The boy sneaked past a "  distracted " Delta agent , airport says County worker says boy also sneaked into water park , stole car , newspaper reports
