CNN  -- Maz Jobrani was talking to his high school counselor one day when she delivered some bad news : He was white . At first , he tried to deny it . Jobrani had brown skin , and his parents spoke with a Persian accent . Strangers called him "  sheikh " and "  towel-head . " He was living in the San Francisco Bay area during the Iranian hostage crisis in the early 1980s and would occasionally hear , "  Go home , Iranian . " But the evidence for his whiteness was plain to see . When Jobrani looked at college applications in his counselor 's office , he saw no racial category for Iranians . "  That 's because you 're white , " his counselor explained as she instructed him to check the box marked "  white . " "  I told her , ` What do you mean , white ? I 've been going through all this crap , all this ribbing and teasing for years , and I 've been white all this time ? You should have told me earlier . ' " Jobrani now has a message for other Arab - and Persian-Americans who have been living in racial limbo : "  Check it right ; you ai n't white ! " That 's the slogan of a campaign that may change how Arab - and Persian-Americans define themselves on the U.S. census . Activists are encouraging both groups to shun a practice that dates to the late 19th century , when immigrants from the Middle East began identifying themselves as white . Jobrani and others say that Arab - and Persian-Americans should check the "  other " box on the census form and write in their true ancestry .  Persian-Americans , such as those who trace their ancestry to Iran , are n't Arab , because they speak a different language and have a different culture  . Their campaign echoes complaints voiced by Latinos , African-Americans and biracial people . They claim that the racial categories on the census form do n't accurately reflect how various groups define themselves . Omar Masry , a campaign organizer , says it 's time for Arab-Americans to affirm their identities . "  It 's important to show that we 're here , that we 're part of the American fabric , " said Masry , a city planner for Irvine , California . "  We were invisible " It 's also practical , Arab-American leaders say . According to the Arab American Institute Foundation in Washington , there are an estimated 3.5 million Americans of Arab descent . But those numbers wo n't be reflected in this year 's census count because only race data , not ethnic data on groups like Arabs , will be tabulated , institute leaders say . Information from each census is used for everything from determining federal and state funding for communities to awarding grants , Arab American Institute leaders say . Helen Hatab Samhan , executive director of the Arab American Institute Foundation , says Americans have traditionally defined Arabs in terms of their "  otherness . " "  For many years , we were invisible , or we were seen through an Orientalist lens : the Middle East as barbaric or the enemy of the West , " Samhan said . "  We did n't have a strong identity . We fit into the normal American concept of race . " The lens may have changed , but the view is the same , others say . Arab-Americans are still seen as a problem people : potential terrorists or victims of racial profiling , says Masry , the California-based leader of the census campaign . "  You look in the mainstream media , and they often try to minimize us as a group , like we 're a shadowy , fringe minority , " Masry said . If Arab-Americans are going to be treated as different , they might as well highlight their differences on census forms to get equal representation , Masry says . "  We 're being profiled anyway , so why do n't we take pride in ourselves and gain advantage from it ? " he asked . How Arab-Americans became white Centuries ago , there was little advantage to being called an Arab in America , one scholar says . The first wave of Arab-American immigrants arrived in the U.S. around the end of the 19th century . Most were Christians from present-day Syria and Lebanon , says Sally Howell , co-author of "  Citizenship and Crisis : Arab Detroit After 9/11 . " They came at a time when many Americans were turning against immigrants . The U.S. erected exclusionary policies that would prevent many immigrants from non-Western European countries from becoming citizens , Howell says . These immigrants often waged public campaigns , including court battles , to argue for the right to naturalize -- to become citizens . "  Each immigrant group had to fight their way into whiteness , " Howell said . Arab-American leaders clinched their claim to whiteness with a shrewd appeal to the dominant faith of their new homeland , she said . "  They said , ` We 're Christians from the Holy Land , ' " she said . " ` If Christ is the symbol of Western civilization , then we 're like the most original Christians . We 're white people , too . ' " ` I 'm not Iranian ; I 'm Italian ' The practice of suppressing one 's Arab or Persian identity continued deep into the 20th century , says Jobrani , the Iranian-American . He grew up outside San Francisco in the 1980s , during the Iranian hostage crisis . Iranian-Americans were sometimes jeered for their heritage , he says . "  A lot of Iranians did n't want to deal with it , " he said . "  They would say , ` I 'm Italian ' or ` I 'm Turkish . ' There were a lot of guys who changed their name . I had a friend named Shahrokh who changed his name to Tony . " Jobrani says he once met a woman at a club who asked him about his heritage . "  I told her I was Iranian , and she walked away , " he said . Arab - and Persian-Americans were n't treated that much better on television , Jobrani says . They were villains . "  There was never a Middle Eastern performer who was a good guy , someone who I could get behind and say that this guy is inspiring me , " he says . Jobrani is now taking that role himself . Today , he 's a popular comedian who helped lead the "  Axis of Evil " comedy tour , which poked fun at Middle Eastern stereotypes . He recently filmed a television pilot called "  Funny in Farsi . " And he just filmed a playful public service announcement for an Iranian-American group that 's encouraging Iranians to affirm their heritage on the new census forms . Jobrani says he 's no longer checking boxes that say "  white . " He 's proud of his heritage , and of being American . "  Our community was kind of hiding . Now , people are saying , ` Let 's turn this around , ' " he said . "  We 're successful . There 's no need to hide . "	Arab-Americans no longer content to be labeled white Campaign aims to reflect proper numbers in census Some Iranian-Americans used to pass as Italian to avoid conflict Now , many are proud of their heritage and of being American
Fort Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- Closing arguments are scheduled Thursday in the hearing for Pfc. Bradley Manning , the man accused of committing the biggest intelligence leak in U.S. history . On Wednesday , Manning 's defense attorney spent a brief 35 minutes questioning two witnesses before resting his case . Manning 's Article 32 hearing is part of the military 's process of determining whether he should face court martial . The first defense witness called was Sgt. Daniel Padgett who served with Manning in Iraq and witnessed one of several angry outbursts witnesses have described . Security Clearance blog : Bradley Manning and the need to share Padgett was the senior enlisted man on the night shift in the intelligence office where Manning worked . He testified that in December 2009 , Manning was late for duty and they sat down in a conference room so Padgett could counsel him . Padgett said when they began talking , Manning was calm , but that he began to change . At some point , said Padgett , Manning grabbed the conference room table and turned the table over , knocking a computer and radio to the floor . Because there was a rifle in the room , Padgett testified that he did n't want Manning to get his hands on it , so "  I coaxed him away from that , put my hands on his shoulder and coaxed him away . " At that point another soldier came in the room , subdued Manning , sat him down and Padgett continued counseling him , Padgett testified . When asked by Manning 's attorney David Coombs if Padgett remembered Master Sgt. Paul Adkins , the senior enlisted man in the unit , talking with him about the incident , Padgett said "  vaguely . " Padgett testified that he did not discuss the outburst with the major who oversaw the intelligence analysis officers , the company 's first sergeant nor the company commander . Manning was not moved out of the intelligence office after the outburst and did not lose his security clearance as a result of the outburst . Coombs has argued that the Army should have known about Manning 's emotional issues and kept him away from classified materials . Manning is accused of stealing and leaking nearly three-quarters of a million classified documents from the State Department and the Defense Department to the WikiLeaks website , which published many of them . The leaks occurred while Manning was serving as an intelligence analyst in Iraq in 2009 and 2010 . Prosecution witnesses testified that Manning downloaded and leaked 400,000 DoD field reports from Iraq and 90,0000 similar documents from Afghanistan . There was also evidence presented that he downloaded and leaked more than 250,000 State Department cables . Coomb 's second witness , Capt. Barclay Keay , testified by phone about his time with Manning 's unit . For a short time in December 2009 , he was an officer in the intelligence analysis office where Manning worked . Keay said he often saw soldiers listening to music in the office where classified materials were analyzed . At first he thought it was not proper , but he was told it was "  an accepted practice " that was "  tolerated because it helped soldiers be more productive . " In news reports before the hearing , Manning is said to have bragged in a chat room that he was able to download materials onto a CD while pretending to listen to Lady Gaga . Keay told the hearing , "  I do feel like he wanted to be a good soldier . He did good analytical work . " Even though he called only two , Coombs had requested 48 witnesses , 10 of whom were already on the prosecution witness list . The investigating officer overseeing the case granted those 10 and two other defense witnesses who were not on the prosecution list . He rejected other requested defense witnesses , including President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Mark Zaid , a national security attorney , said the fact the defense called only two witnesses is not surprising . "  For one thing , an Article 32  hearing  serves as an opportunity for the defense to obtain pre-trial discovery , and particularly information they do not know . Additionally , the likelihood of stopping charges from going forward is non-existent in this case so there is little value in telegraphing to the prosecution information the defense may possess but might not yet have revealed , " said Zaid .	Manning 's defense calls only two witnesses A witness tells the hearing about a Manning outburst The hearing is part of a process of determining whether Manning should face court martial
CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry found himself standing apart from his GOP rivals on a pair of immigration issues during a CNN/Tea Party Debate in Tampa , Florida , Monday night . Sounding more like a previous Texas governor who brought "  compassionate conservatism " to the White House , Perry staunchly defended legislation he signed that aids the children of illegal immigrants even as the audience at the debate roundly disagreed . The Texas governor was asked about a measure he approved in 2001 that grants in-state tuition rates and financial aid to the children of illegal immigrants . "  The bottom line is it does n't make any difference what the sound of your last name is . That is the American way , " Perry said . "  I 'm proud that we are having those individuals be contributing members of our society rather than telling them , you go be on the government dole . " Several people in the audience of tea party activists booed Perry 's support of that policy , which is anathema to hard-line conservatives . They argue it provides an incentive for immigrants to enter the country illegally . Perry said he did not favor amnesty for illegal immigrants . "  The American way is not to give taxpayer subsidized benefits to people who have broken our laws or who are here in the United States illegally , " said Rep. Michele Bachmann , who used the opportunity to tout her conservative credentials . Perry has overshadowed her campaign since entering the race last month Perry also made waves when he said the key to securing the border would be to deploy enough "  boots on the ground , " which he contended the federal government had failed to do . Several of his opponents disagreed , arguing that the correct approach to tamp down illegal immigration would be to build a border fence between the United States and Mexico . Perry has called the notion -- especially in rural areas -- "  preposterous " and , at the debate , asserted his authority as the candidate with the most experience dealing with border security and immigration issues . On both issues , the governor is out-of-step with much of the conservative wing of the Republican party . How much it may hurt him during the primary process is unclear . As the governor of a state with a large Hispanic population , Perry 's "  reasonably moderate " approach to immigration policy is simple pragmatism , said James Henson , director of the Texas Politics Project at the University of Texas at Austin . "  I do n't think anyone 's going to walk around and say Rick Perry 's pro-immigrant , but he 's been a moderate on the issue for strategic reasons , " Henson said . "  He 's had to manage a different political environment than many of his opponents . " Latinos make up almost 40 percent of the population in Texas , and Perry carried 38 percent of their vote in his gubernatorial contest against Democrat Bill White in 2010 . In addition , business owners in the state benefit from a large immigrant labor force and cross-border commerce with Mexico , Henson said . The in-state tuition measure was not the governor 's only gesture toward Latinos . Last year , Perry opposed Arizona 's tough immigration law , SB 1070 , which orders immigrants to carry registration documents at all times and requires police to question individuals who they suspect may be in the United States illegally . But he also moved to appeal to conservatives on the contentious issue . Earlier this year , the governor supported a bill to ban "  sanctuary cities " in the state . The legislation would have punished cities that shielded criminal suspects from having to answer questions about their immigration status . Though it initially received enthusiastic Republican support , the bill did not pass . As the GOP presidential primary race continues , some candidates may choose to focus their attacks on Perry 's perceived softness on illegal immigration . Henson believes Perry is conservative enough on other key issues to weather attacks from his rivals on immigration . "  It 's one of the areas where he does n't fit into the conservative mold , " Henson said . " -LSB- But -RSB- I 'd be surprised if the dynamic of this race turned around immigration . "	Immigration issues separate Gov. Rick Perry from his rivals He supports in-state tuition for the children of illegal immigrants His stance drew boos from the conservative tea party debate crowd Latinos make up almost 40 percent of the population in Texas
CNN  -- Sexual harassment is part of everyday life in middle and high schools across the country , a new study released on Monday by a nonprofit research organization said , with the vast majority of students who have been harassed , reporting negative effects from it . "  Crossing the Line : Sexual Harassment at School , " surveyed 1,965 students in grades 7-12 in May and June of 2011 . The study , by the American Association of University Women , found that 48 % of the students questioned experienced some form of sexual harassment in the current school year . "  Many of us think of sexual harassment as an adult issue , " said Catherine Hill , the director of research at AAUW and one of the authors of the report . The study proves that many young people are also victims of these experiences , Hill said . Verbal harassment , which includes unwelcome sexual comments , jokes or gestures , made up the bulk of the incidents , but physical harassment was prevalent as well , and 30 % of students experienced sexual harassment by text , e-mail , social networking sites like Facebook or other electronic means . According to the study , many of the students who were harassed through cyberspace were also harassed in person , a combination that caused the most serious effects . Students said they were "  sick to their stomach , had trouble sleeping , and even skipped school , " when they were exposed to both forms of harassment , said Hill . The findings also showed that girls were more likely than boys to be sexually harassed , both in person and by electronic means . The results also confirm previous research which shows the experiences of girls tended to be more physical and intrusive than for boys . Thirty-three percent of girls and 24 % of boys said they witnessed sexual harassment during the 2010-2011 school year , and 56 % said they saw more than one incident . "  It 's an issue that affects people differently , " said Hill . "  People need to take it seriously . " In recent years , sexual harassment among students has n't gotten as much attention as bullying , but Hill said the two are interrelated . In an article on the AAUW website titled "  Sexual Harassment Versus Bullying , " the similarities and differences are spelled out . Sexual harassment is defined as unwanted behavior that is sexual in nature , while bullying involves a power dynamic . The motivations behind them may be different , but the negative affects for students are often the same , according to the article . "  I think it 's wonderful that bullying is getting attention , " Hill said . " But I would like sexual harassment in that conversation , " said Hill . Other differences between the two include the law . According to Hill , sexual harassment falls under federal guidelines , while bullying is regulated by individual states . Forty-four percent who admitted to sexually harassing others did n't think of it as a big deal , another 39 % said they were trying to be funny . For Hill , the study offers fresh insight and new information on sexual harassment . "  I hope the information will be used to start a conversation about this difficult topic , " said Hill . Students involved in the study offered ideas for reducing sexual harassment . Their suggestions include anonymous reporting , designating a person they can talk to , in-class discussions , and having more online resources available to them .	Study said nearly half of students surveyed experienced sexual harassment at school Author Catherine Hill hopes study will "  start a conversation " about a difficult topic Study conducted by American Association of University Women
CNN  -- This week on The Big Three , we tackled the George W. Bush library opening , frustration over flight furloughs  complete with congressional finger-pointing  and Dean Obeidallah 's CNN.com column , "  I 'm a Muslim and I hate terrorism , " which seems sadly necessary in the wake of Boston . The opening of a presidential library is supposed to be a time for national unity . All the living presidents attend , standing together for a photo op and offering complimentary speeches about the newest inductee to the ex-presidents ' club . But during all the same pageantry in Dallas at the opening of Bush 's library , a less civil debate on the Big Three  and across the country  was going on about 43 's legacy . Margaret Hoover is a proud Bush administration alumna and attended the opening in Dallas . Dean , it is fair to say , is not a Bush fan . At all . And so the debate raged , with Margaret citing his investment in foreign aid to stem the tide of AIDS in Africa and keeping the nation safe from terrorism after the attacks of 9/11 . Dean acknowledged that Bush might be a nice guy to hang out with but asked whether the library would consist primarily of coloring books . As the card-carrying centrist in the group , I try to find common ground . And so it goes . At the time of our discussions , the sequester cuts were kicking in , and airline travelers were feeling the pain , with 40 % of flights delayed this week because of the furlough of air-traffic controllers . Congress has since overwhelmingly approved a measure to get the air travel system up to speed again after the delays provoked a round of the blame game on Capitol Hill , with conservatives accusing the president of "  playing politics " with these particular cuts . Margaret agreed with this assessment . I ai n't buying it . The sequester was supposed to be so dumb and painful that it would compel Congress to reason together and find deficit and debt reduction to more strategic means . It did n't . And while the rhetoric of cutting government spending is popular , the reality is predictably less so . And so we 're being treated to the absurdity of conservative activist groups such as Americans for Prosperity -- whose sole purpose is to argue for cuts in government spending -- complaining about the practical effects of those very cuts on which they insisted . This is the old dynamic we see too much of -- cuts for thee but not for me . Finally , in the wake of the Boston terror attacks , America and the American Muslim community have navigated the tricky territory of confronting the ideology of radical Islam that apparently inspired the attacks without engaging in group blame . Dean 's excellent CNN.com column tries to clarify some of the bigoted myths by making the point that American Muslims might hate jihadis even more than typical Americans do because the murderers claim to represent their faith and cause a massive backlash against this growing American community . Read the column -- and then listen to our conversation , tackling subjects such as why extremists of other faiths tend not to blow things up .	CNN Radio podcast features CNN Opinion contributors on top three stories Podcast offers views of John Avlon , Margaret Hoover and Dean Obeidallah Panelists exchange views on the Bush library , flight delays and attitudes toward Muslims
CNN  The nominations for the 21st annual Screen Actors Guild Awards are in . On Wednesday morning , "  The Fault In Our Stars " actor/DJ Ansel Elgort and fellow multihyphenate Eva Longoria revealed the latest round of actors who are in contention for SAG honors . The awards show , which airs on CNN sister networks TBS and TNT , is the only televised ceremony that exclusively recognizes acting performances . Take a look at the list of nominees and let us know who you think will win . Motion Picture Nominees Outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture "  Birdman " "  Boyhood " "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " "  The Imitation Game " "  The Theory of Everything " Outstanding performance by a male actor in a leading role Steve Carell , "  Foxcatcher "  Benedict Cumberbatch , "  The Imitation Game "  Jake Gyllenhaal , "  Nightcrawler "  Michael Keaton , "  Birdman "  Eddie Redmayne , "  The Theory of Everything " Outstanding performance by a female actor in a leading role Jennifer Aniston , "  Cake "  Felicity Jones , "  The Theory of Everything "  Julianne Moore , "  Still Alice "  Rosamund Pike , "  Gone Girl "  Reese Witherspoon , "  Wild " Outstanding performance by a male actor in a supporting role Robert Duvall , "  The Judge "  Ethan Hawke , "  Boyhood "  Edward Norton , "  Birdman "  Mark Ruffalo , "  Foxcatcher "  J.K. Simmons , "  Whiplash " Outstanding performance by a female actor in a supporting role Patricia Arquette , "  Boyhood "  Keira Knightley , "  The Imitation Game "  Emma Stone , "  Birdman "  Meryl Streep , "  Into the Woods "  Naomi Watts , "  St. Vincent " Television nominees Outstanding performance by a male actor in a television movie or miniseries Adrien Brody , "  Houdini " Benedict Cumberbatch , "  Sherlock : His Last Vow "  Richard Jenkins , "  Olive Kitteridge "  Mark Ruffalo , "  The Normal Heart "  Billy Bob Thornton , "  Fargo " Outstanding performance by a female actor in a television movie or miniseries Ellen Burstyn , "  Flowers in the Attic "  Maggie Gyllenhaal , "  The Honorable Woman "  Frances McDormand , "  Olive Kitteridge "  Julia Roberts , "  The Normal Heart "  Cicely Tyson , "  The Trip to Bountiful " Outstanding performance by a male actor in a drama series Steve Buscemi , "  Boardwalk Empire "  Peter Dinklage , "  Game of Thrones "  Woody Harrelson , "  True Detective "  Matthew McConaughey , "  True Detective "  Kevin Spacey , "  House of Cards " Outstanding performance by a female actor in a drama series  six nominees due to tie Claire Danes , "  Homeland "  Viola Davis , "  How to Get Away with Murder "  Julianna Margulies , "  The Good Wife "  Tatiana Maslany , "  Orphan Black "  Maggie Smith , "  Downton Abbey "  Robin Wright , "  House of Cards " Outstanding performance by a male actor in a comedy series Ty Burrell , "  Modern Family "  Louis C.K. , "  Louie "  William H. Macy , "  Shameless "  Jim Parsons , "  The Big Bang Theory "  Eric Stonestreet , "  Modern Family " Outstanding performance by a female actor in a comedy series Uzo Aduba , "  Orange Is the New Black "  Julie Bowen , "  Modern Family "  Edie Falco , "  Nurse Jackie "  Julia Louis-Dreyfus , "  Veep "  Amy Poehler , "  Parks and Recreation " Outstanding performance by an ensemble in a drama series "  Boardwalk Empire " "  Downton Abbey " "  Game of Thrones " "  Homeland " "  House of Cards " Outstanding performance by an ensemble in a comedy series "  The Big Bang Theory " "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine " "  Modern Family " "  Orange is the New Black " "  Veep " The 21st annual Screen Actors Guild Awards will air simultaneously on TNT and TBS at 8 p.m. ET on January 25 .	Nominees are announced for 21st Screen Actors Guild Awards Ansel Elgort and Eva Longoria did the honors The winners will be revealed January 25
CNN  -- The men first ordered Ken Cordier to strip naked . A poll has sparked debate among Christians about torture . They then forced him face-down to the ground and pinned his arms and legs . One of them grabbed a fan belt from a truck and began flogging Cordier . When it was over , they returned another day with a new approach . They slung a rope around Cordier 's neck , pulled him back like a bow and beat him with their fists . "  You could tell they enjoyed it , " Cordier says . "  They had that look in their eyes and they grinned . " This is how Cordier described being tortured . He is a former U.S. Air Force pilot who was captured by the North Vietnamese in 1966 . Though he was tortured for six years in captivity , Cordier says he survived because "  I never gave up faith in God and country " But what happens when faith in God and country seem to collide ? What happens when people like Cordier , who rely on their faith in God and their flag , are asked if they would support torture against suspected terrorists ? Cordier says he would never support torture , but his views would make him a minority among a certain segment of Christians , according to a provocative survey . A survey conducted by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life found that white evangelical Christians are more likely to support torture than people who rarely or never attend religious services . The survey said that 62 percent of white evangelical Protestants say that the use of torture against suspected terrorists can be often or sometimes justified in order to gain important information . When asked the same question , 40 percent of the "  religiously unaffiliated " say torture can be often or sometimes justified . The survey , however , did not define torture or say whether "  enhanced interrogation techniques " like waterboarding are torture . The survey comes at a time when the debate over torture is intensifying after the Obama administration released Bush-era memos that gave legal justification to "  enhanced interrogation techniques " such as waterboarding . The survey 's results have also sparked a debate within the Christian community that revolves around one question : How can a Christian support torture ? When evangelicals say torture is permitted They ca n't -- except in extreme circumstances , some evangelicals say . Rev. Ronald Kuykendall , an evangelical pastor in Gainesville , Florida , says that the question is difficult to answer because everyone has a different definition of torture . He says he would support the torture of a terrorist if "  the techniques used are lawful , necessary " and the ultimate purpose is to save lives . Kuykendall says the New Testament  Romans 13:1 -7  teaches Christians that "  everyone must submit himself to the governing authorities , for there is no authority except that which God has established . " "  The NT -LSB- New Testament -RSB- is clear that God grants the right of the ` sword ' to the state to be used against wrongdoers , " Kuykendall says . "  Just as I believe I do n't have a right to vengeance personally , I do believe that I can seek justice through the state and call the police on a robber , or a gunman threatening my life . " Chuck Colson , the evangelical pastor who once served as an aide to President Nixon , answered the same question in an online discussion conducted by the Washington Post "  On Faith " Web site . Colson said that Christians are supposed to obey the law , but there may be times when there is a higher obligation , such as ignoring a "  no trespassing " sign to rescue a drowning man . "  So it is with torture , " Colson wrote . "  If a competent authority honestly believes that this was the only way to get information that might save the lives of thousands , I believe he would be justified . " Charles Kammer , a religious studies professor , says he was not surprised to learn that a majority of evangelical Christians support the use of torture in certain circumstances . Kammer says that despite Jesus ' own commitment to nonviolence , Christianity as a whole has never embraced nonviolence . He says some evangelicals also confuse patriotism with piety . "  What 's good for America has often been seen as God 's will , " says Kammer , who teaches at The College of Wooster in Wooster , Ohio . "  They think the torture of evil people is not bad , but may be morally required as a way of protecting the good people . " Kammer said he is a Christian and does not support torture in any circumstances . He considers waterboarding torture . "  If we 're ever going to provide any moral leadership in the world , " he says , "  we have to live in the world in a particular way . We ca n't criticize our enemies for doing what we 're doing . " What Vietnam POWs who are Christians think of torture The debate over the uses of torture among people of faith does n't end with its practice . It also extends to its definition . The Geneva Conventions say that "  no physical or mental torture , nor any other form of coercion , may be inflicted on prisoners of war . " The U.N. Convention Against Torture defines torture as any act by which severe pain or suffering , "  whether physical or mental , " is inflicted on a person . Cordier , the Vietnam POW , opposes torture in all circumstances -- even the "  ticking bomb " scenario . "  Once you 're in a pain situation , you 'll say anything to get it to stop , " Cordier says . "  It 's not as reliable as more sophisticated methods . " But he does n't consider waterboarding and other "  enhanced techniques " torture . "  Loud music , sleep deprivation , waterboarding -- does it leave permanent damage and cause extreme pain ? No , " Cordier says . The Rev. Robert G. Certain , another Vietnam vet who is now an Episcopal priest , says waterboarding is n't torture because "  it does n't cause grave , bodily harm . " See CIA interrogation methods authorized during the Bush-era " Certain was captured by the Vietnamese in 1972 after his B-52 bomber was shot down . He wrote about his experiences in the book , "  Unchained Eagle . " Certain says his faith teaches him to oppose torture under all circumstances . His military background , however , tells him that it can be easy for interrogators to cross the line . "  To use torture is morally impermissible , " Certain says . "  But when we place somebody in uniform into a place of moral ambiguity , there are likely to be times when their judgment is going to step across into the morally impermissible . They 're living in a fog . It 's not black and white . " Certain remembers how easily his Vietnamese captors justified crossing the line with him . They said American prisoners were n't covered by the Geneva Conventions . "  They said we were not prisoners of war because there was no legal declaration of war , " Certain says . "  Therefore we were air pirates and they could treat us any way they felt . " Cordier , the Air Force pilot who was tortured , says he still relies on his faith in God and country . He 's active in POW affairs and reunions . And he recently took a trip to the Holy Land to see where Jesus lived and died . When he read about the torture and execution of Jesus in the Bible , he read it in a different way because of his POW experiences . "  I appreciated his stripes when I got my own , " Cordier says . Cordier gained some notoriety during the 2004 presidential campaign when he participated in the swift boat ads against then-Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry . Cordier says some of his fellow prisoners lost their faith in God because of torture , but he did n't . "  I thanked God every day for life and what little food we had to eat , " he says . "  I thought to myself , this is just an eye blink in eternity , so buck up . And I just hung on . "	What happens when faith in God and country seem to collide ? Poll : Some Christians more likely than nonreligious people to support torture Survey 's results have sparked a series of debates among Christian community
Paris  CNN  It 'll be difficult for Paris to celebrate with music and showmanship after last week 's twin terrorist attacks on the weekly newspaper Charlie Hebdo and a kosher supermarket . The violent events left at least 17 dead . For the brand new Paris Philharmonic -- scheduled to open this week -- the show must go on , even when the city surrounding still reels from the violence . Amid unprecedented displays of unity and defiance in the wake of the attacks , the Philharmonic aims to celebrate those who lost their lives , dedicating its debut concerts to the victims . Rising in the northeast of Paris like a shimmering metallic starship , the new venue 's opening is intended as a historic moment for the city and performance groups who will call it home . Controversy has beset the building , designed by architect Jean Nouvel . It 's gone over budget , was still having its stainless steel and aluminum outer shell installed a week before the opening and has been criticized for its location . It is in the La Villette quarter in the 19th arrondissement , a stone 's throw from the Boulevard Peripherique -- Paris ' ring road . Against a backdrop of turbulent times , the people behind the venue will be hoping for positive reviews to cement its reputation . Architectural misfits Eight years in the making , the starkly modern building is unlike most other structures in Paris , but it manages to fit into the already eclectic architecture in the surrounding Parc de la Villette . Other buildings here , including a science museum and the Zenith concert hall , feature similarly un-Parisian architecture -- a group of misfits that have found refuge together . Speaking before last week 's events , Paris Orchestra 's director Paavo Jarvi spoke of his excitement about the new Philharmonic . "  It 's not every day that someone will build you a brand new concert hall of these dimensions , " he said . A Grammy-award winning conductor , Jarvi will be directing the Orchestra 's first shows , which start Wednesday . They feature French artists and composers , including a world-premiere composition by Thierry Escaich . "  Like all new things there is a bit of anxiety and apprehension and a bit of unknown actually , " he said , admitting that his orchestra had n't yet practiced on the stage , which was still under construction the week before the gala events . The orchestra currently plays at the smaller Salle Pleyel , in the chic eighth arrondissement , but Jarvi is thrilled about the move . "  It 's sort of unbelievable that this actually going to happen , " he said . Although nearly three times the initial budget , the 386 million euro project has drawn criticism over funding disputes . Some also worry that the neighborhood will alienate older patrons in the west of Paris , though others say it 'll attract a younger , less affluent audience , including those from nearby suburbs . French Minister of Culture and Communication Fleur Pellerin has defended the Philharmonic , saying the hall will be the envy of orchestra directors worldwide . "  No European capital will have a hall like this with such acoustic quality or capacity , " she told LCI radio in December . The main concert hall has 2,400 seats , making it one of the largest of its kind in Europe . Retractable portions of seating will allow up to 3,650 people on special occasions . It features modern , sleek , almost organic interiors that are a far cry from the gilded walls and red fabrics that line more traditional orchestra venues like the Theatre des Champs Elysees . With seats surrounding the stage , the design offers a closer experience with the music . Sound experts from Japan and New Zealand have ensured state of the art acoustics in the main auditorium , the most important thing for the orchestra . "  But it 's not an exact science so we are keeping our fingers crossed that the acoustic gods smile on us , " Jarvi says . Gentrifying district In addition to the Philharmonic 's bar , cafe , five public rehearsal rooms and an 1,800-square-meter educational center , its Musee de la Musique features a new temporary exhibition space to complement a permanent collection . The first show will feature works centered on David Bowie , featuring costumes , photos and other mementos from the performer 's personal life . There 'll also be a strong family and educational component , with weekend family events and workshops allowing more interaction than that found currently in Paris 's big name halls . Free recitals and concerts will run alongside paid events . The Philharmonic 's location , in the Parc de la Villette , is also home to the National Conservatory for Music and Dance , as well as the Cite de la Musique , a site well known by music enthusiasts . Since 1995 the center has hosted exhibits and concerts for Parisians . The addition of the new building , however , will bring additional cultural offerings to a slowly gentrifying district , including Pantin just across the beltway , where companies like Chanel have recently opened ateliers . By orienting itself toward these up and coming suburbs , the Philharmonic potentially opens itself to new audiences . But whether or not younger , suburbanite crowds will fill the venue remains to be seen . Prices for ticketed shows start at 10 euros on the Philharmonic 's website and books are open for the 2015 season . More details on the season can be found here at the Philharmonic 's season calendar . Philharmonie de Paris ; 221 Avenue Jean Jaurès , 75019 Paris , France ; +33 1 44 84 44 84 ; www.philharmoniedeparis.fr Bryan Pirolli is a freelance journalist based in Paris .	Paris Philharmonic 's debut concerts are dedicated to the victims of the recent attacks in Paris New venue has courted controversy through its budget , delays and suburban location With 2,400 seats , it 'll be one of the largest concert halls of its kind in Europe
CNN  -- Victoria Azarenka has been forced to withdraw from the Dubai Open for the second successive year after suffering an injured heel . Azarenka , who surrendered the World No. 1 spot Monday to Serena Williams , was hoping to build on her title win at the Qatar Open where she defeated the U.S. star . The Belorussian would have regained the No. 1 ranking had she won the tournament , but Williams is set to remain at the summit until the Indian Wells tournament next month . "  I 'm very disappointed , but I have to listen to my body , " Azarenka told reporters . "  The injury happened last week when I played a lot of tennis , so going on to a new tournament is just too much . The heel kept getting worse , and I needed to re-evaluate . "  Sometimes the schedule is just too difficult . Unfortunately you ca n't know when you plan it in November what will happen in February . "  I did n't want to continue taking painkillers because sometimes it 's better to feel the pain . so that you can control the injury . Otherwise it can cause something which is much worse . "  This is just a warning that I have to take care of myself . " Azarenka , who has a 14-0 record this year , revealed that the physical demands of the schedule has become a growing concern since she won the Australian Open last month . "  I never realised before just how much it takes out of you , " she said . "  Physically and mentally it just drains you out - and then you realise . " Meanwhile , Williams , who is the oldest woman to ever hold top spot in the rankings , is the big favorite for the $ 2 million tournament . And the 31-year-old says she 's feeling in rude health going into the competition . She told reporters : "  I was really , really , really , really sick last week and physically I just was n't at my best , considering I could n't train , and I did n't practice . "  I practised only one or two days before playing because I had the ankle problems . "  But I did n't want to not show up and not play . So at least if I could show up and play my way into shape I would be able to compete and that 's what I did . "  I feel so much better this week already . I feel like a completely different athlete , and a completely different person , compared with last week . "	Victoria Azarenka has withdrawn from the Dubai Open with injury The Qatar Open winner has been suffering with a heel problem Serena Williams the overwhelming favorite to win $ 2 million tournament
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Meet Syria . The Border Collie is just 13 weeks old and was dumped by its owners . In the adjoining kennel eight boxer cross puppies have been similarly abandoned . Syria the border collie : One of the animals awaiting new owners at a dog re-homing center . Bruno is also waiting for a new home as the owner of the bullmastiff cross moved into a flat which does not allow pets . These are just a few of the animals currently being cared for at a re-homing center in London run by the Dogs Trust , the largest dog charity in the UK . "  Our center is now full . We have more dogs coming into the center than going out . At this time last year , we had half as many dogs , " says manager Richard Moore . Other dog shelters and re-homing centers across the country are also at bursting point as a result of an increase in requests for re-homing and a decrease in people wanting to take on the responsibility of looking after a dog . With insurance , food , grooming and toys , a dog 's life can come with a price tag of # 15,000  $ 22,500  , according to the Dogs Trust . And with millions of households tightening their belts as the credit crunch bites , some are opting give up their pets . The increase in requests for re-homing is attributed to the financial crisis . Owners either have to move to dog-unfriendly accommodation or can no longer afford to care for the animal after losing their job . "  Moving as a result of the credit crunch is the number one factor for giving up a dog , " explains Moore . "  People also ring up to say they ca n't afford to look after their dog anymore , because they 've been made redundant . " On top of overcrowding , animal rescue charities face another problem ; they rely on charity donations and are likely to suffer in those terms . "  The expected increase in unemployment and decrease of disposable income is going to affect the donations , " says Moore . Another concern for dog charities is that animals are given as Christmas presents . Unfortunately some of these dogs turn up at the re-homing center in the New Year as unwanted gifts . But dark times may be a good time to start looking after a dog , says Moore : "  With the love and the care , the relationship that a dog can bring to you at a depressing time like this , is incredible . I have six dogs and certainly when coming home at night they put a smile on my face . "	Dog re-homing centers in UK at bursting point as owners dump their pets Economic crisis means many owners ca n't afford expense of caring for dogs Many dogs given as Christmas presents end up with animal charities Charity donations to animal welfare groups also likely to suffer because of crisis
CNN  -- Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko , who preliminary results show has easily won election to a fourth term , praised police actions in dispersing post-election demonstrators and castigated the protesters as "  vandals and thugs . " "  What  protesters  tried to carry out in Minsk yesterday is not democracy , it is banditism , " Lukashenko said in a news conference Monday , according to Belarusian Telegraph Agency , or BelTA , the country 's state-run news agency . "  Vandals and thugs lost their human faces . They went utterly wild . " After the announcement that Lukashenko had prevailed with 79 % of the vote Sunday , according to preliminary election results , opposition candidates and their supporters took to the streets in Minsk , the capital , and clashed with police . Lukashenko said Monday that 639 people were arrested Sunday and remain in custody , according to BelTA.Those detained include presidential candidate Vladimir Neklyaev , he said . The Russian news agency Interfax earlier reported that Neklyayev was hurt in clashes with riot police . Lukashenko told reporters that Neklyayev and Vitaly Rymashevsky , another candidate , were removed from a hospital and interrogated by authorities , Interfax said . He said he was told by Health Minister Vasily Zharko that Neklyayev 's injuries were not serious , and that Rymashevsky "  rushed to take shelter in a hospital " after being struck in the head . Another candidate , Nikolai Statkevich , told state-run Russian news agency RIA Novosti that he , too , was beaten . The country 's Central Election Commission told BelTA that the voter turnout was 90 % and that it had not received any complaints . However , the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe said that while the election showed improvement , "  Belarus still has a considerable way to go in meeting its OSCE commitments . " However , Belarus ' Interior Ministry , in a statement on its website , said the "  overwhelming majority " of those arrested were "  drunk unemployed people and students of various schools and universities , some of them under age . " "  Actions like those would n't have been tolerated in any civilized country , " Lukashenko told reporters Monday . "  Nobody in the West would have been soft toward those thugs . Water cannons , tear gas , mass arrests of hooligans -- and they 'd be done away with in no time . " The president said most of those arrested were under the age of 21 . He said the court will decide their fate . "  They will be imprisoned only if the courts decide that , according to the law , " Lukashenko said , according to BelTA . "  I am not the one who puts people into prison . I have only one right -- to pardon people . " Lukashenko called the elections free and transparent , and he added police restored acted strictly according to the law , restoring order in seven and a half minutes . Referring to the demonstrations , he said , "  I did warn you that if any mess started , we 'd have enough resources  to handle it  , " BelTA and Interfax reported . "  You guys took on the wrong person . I wo n't hide in a cellar . So let 's put paid to it . There will no longer be any brainless democracy . We wo n't have the country torn to pieces . " One demonstration was in support of Neklyaev , who received 1.77 % of the votes , according to the election commission . The election commission numbers , cited by BelTA , put the number of votes Statkevich received at 1.04 % . The OSCE has repeatedly expressed concerns over the status of civil and political rights in Belarus . It noted in its statement Monday the detention of candidates as well as activists , journalists and others . "  While voting on election day was overall assessed positively , the process deteriorated significantly during the vote count , with observers assessing almost half of vote counts monitored as bad or very bad , " the organization said . "  This undermined the steps that had been taken to improve the election . " "  This election failed to give Belarus the new start it needed , " said Tony Lloyd , who leads a short-term OSCE mission and heads the delegation of the organization 's Parliamentary Assembly . "  The counting process lacked transparency . The people of Belarus deserved better . And , in particular , I now expect the government to account for the arrests of presidential candidates , journalists and human rights activists . " Former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice once called Lukashenko "  the last dictator in Europe . " The president told reporters Monday that under his leadership , Belarus will drastically improve its economy in the next five years , and its standard of living will closely approach that of Europe . Authorities used stun grenades on the demonstrators as they headed toward October Square in downtown Minsk , Interfax reported . However , several thousand people gathered in the square , chanting "  For Belarus ! " Some of them waved flags with the symbol of the Christians Democratic Party , led by Rymashevsky . The Interior Ministry said authorities knew in advance that some presidential candidates planned to "  stage unsanctioned mass rallies . " The gatherings at first seemed peaceful , according to the ministry statement , but "  turned into an attempt to seize the government building where the Central Elections Committee was located . " The building was attacked with sections of water pipes , stones and pieces of ice , breaking several windows , the ministry said , and protesters stormed inside . Police are working on identifying the organizers and participants , "  as well as documenting their crimes and estimating the inflicted damage , " the ministry said . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , speaking at a news conference broadcast on Russian state television Monday , said that Moscow expects Belarus to continue "  to develop as a modern state based on democracy " after the election . "  No matter who the leader is , Belarus will always be one of the states closest to us , " Medvedev said . Lukashenko , who has been in office since 1994 , was running against nine other candidates , the election commission said . None garnered more than 2.5 % of the votes , BelTA said . Andrei Sannikov , a former diplomat who wants to see Belarus as a member of the European Union , was one of the main opposition leaders . The two others are Yaroslav Romanchuk and Neklyaev . Economist Romanchuk , a candidate from the United Civil Party , has been prolific in publicizing his views on economic reforms . Meanwhile , Neklyaev ran a social campaign , "  Tell the Truth ! " He was arrested for participating in public protests earlier this year and later released . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Mila Sanina contributed to this report .	NEW : Lukashenko says there will be no more "  brainless democracy " in Belarus 639 people are arrested , Lukashenko says OSCE says in a statement that Belarus "  has a considerable way to go " Lukashenko easily retains the presidency , according to preliminary results
CNN  -- A suspected mumps outbreak in New Jersey is linked to a Jersey shore nightclub , officials say . The Monmouth County Health Department issued a statement on Thursday saying it is investigating 22 "  probable cases " of the contagious disease that is spread through saliva . Officials say 21 of those infected are adults who had recently been at D'Jais Bar & Grill in Belmar , a place that says on its website that it is "  one of the Jersey shore 's most talked about venues . " CNN was not able to reach D'Jais for comment on Thursday . It was not immediately clear how the one sick person not connected to D'Jais -- a child -- became infected . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says on its website that mumps "  typically starts with a few days of fever , headache , muscle aches , tiredness , and loss of appetite . " After that , symptoms include salivary gland swelling . There is no cure or specific treatment for mumps . The CDC says most people with mumps recover fully , although there can be complications .	22 people infected with "  probable cases " of mumps , officials say 21 of those linked to nightclub called D'Jais in Belmar There is no cure for mumps , but most people recover fully , CDC says
CNN  -- "  I 'm deeply honoured to have been asked by Phillip 's family to speak today . I am humbled to be in the presence of you , his family , his friends and his community . He was so proud of Macksville and it is easy to see why today . "  Taken from the game , his family and loved ones at the age of just 25 , he left a mark on our game that needs no embellishment . "  I do n't know about you , but I keep looking for him . I know it is crazy but I expect any minute to take a call from him or to see his face pop around the corner . Is this what we call the spirit ? If so , then his spirit is still with me . And I hope it never leaves . "  I walked to the middle of the Sydney Cricket Ground  SGC  on Thursday night , those same blades of grass beneath my feet where he and I and so many of his mates here today have built partnerships , taken chances and lived out the dreams we paint in our heads as boys . "  The same stands where the crowds rose to their feet to cheer them on and that same fence he sent the ball to time and time again . And it is now forever the place where he fell . "  I stood there at the wicket , I knelt down and touched the grass , I swear he was with me . Picking me up off my feet to check if I was OK . "  Telling me we just needed to dig in and get through to tea . Telling me off for that loose shot I played . Chatting about what movie we might watch that night . And then passing on a useless fact about cows . "  I could see him swagger back to the other end , grin at the bowler , and call me through for a run with such a booming voice , a bloke in the car park would hear it . "  The heart of a man who lived his life for this wonderful game we play , and whose soul enriched not just our sport , but all of our lives . "  Is this what indigenous Australians believe about a person 's spirit being connected with the land upon which they walk ? If so , I know they are right about the SCG . "  His spirit has touched it and it will be forever be a sacred ground for me . I can feel his presence there and I can see how he has touched so many people around the world . The tributes to him from cricket lovers kept me going . "  The photos , the words , the prayers and the sense of communion in this loss from people across the globe have shown me his spirit in action . "  It has sustained me and overwhelmed me in equal measure . And the love of my band of baggy green and gold brothers and sisters have held me upright when I thought I could not proceed . "  His spirit has brought us closer together -- something I know must be him at work because it is so consistent with how he played and lived . "  He always wanted to bring people together and he always wanted to celebrate his love for the game and its people . "  Is this what we call the spirit of cricket ? From the little girl holding a candlelight tribute to masters of the game like Sachin Tendulkar , Shane Warne and Brian Lara , the spirit of cricket binds us all together . "  We feel it in the thrill of a cover drive . Or the taking of a screamer at gully , whether by a 12-year-old boy or by Brendan McCullum in Dubai . "  It is in the brilliant five-wicket haul , just as significant to the players in a Western Suburbs club game as it is in a Test match . "  The bonds that lead to cricketers from around the world putting their bats out , that saw people who did n't even know Phillip lay flowers and that brought every cricketing nation on earth to make its own heartfelt tribute . "  The bonds that saw players old and new rush to his bed side . From wherever they heard the news to say their prayers and farewells . This is what makes our game the greatest game in the world . "  Phillip 's spirit , which is now part of our game forever , will act as a custodian of the sport we all love . "  We must listen to it . We must cherish it . We must learn from it . We must dig in and get through to tea . And we must play on . So rest in peace my little brother . I 'll see you out in the middle . "	Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes ' funeral took place in his hometown Macksville Hughes died after being hit in the head by a cricket ball last week His friend , the Australian cricket captain Michael Clarke , said he felt his spirit He said his friend had "  left a mark on our game that needs no embellishment "
CNN  -- Peace talks to negotiate an end to Latin America 's oldest insurgency will begin in October in Oslo , Norway , officials said Tuesday . Colombia 's government and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , have signed a framework for the talks , Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said in a televised address Tuesday . The framework is a "  road map " that aims to resolve a conflict that has seen previous negotiations backfire on the government . The outcome of these talks will "  fall on my shoulders , and no one else , " Santos said . The Colombian government confirmed last month that "  exploratory " talks had taken place between the rebels and the government . Santos ' announcement revealed the outcome of those talks . The next stage will be formal peace talks , which will begin in Oslo and then move to Havana , Cuba . In a video statement recorded in Colombia 's mountains and broadcast to reporters in Havana , the leftist guerrilla group 's leader thanked the governments of Venezuela , Cuba and Norway for facilitating the agreement to begin peace talks . "  Another Colombia is possible , and between all of us , we can create it , " said FARC leader Rodrigo Londono Echeverri , who is also known as Timoleon Jimenez or Timochenko . The talks , he said , "  are above all the triumph of the national clamor for peace and a political solution . " The FARC 's six-person negotiation team did not take questions Tuesday , but said they would speak to reporters again on Thursday . "  For us it is perfectly clear that the key to peace does not lie in the pocket of the president , nor is it with the commander of the FARC . The true and only custodians of such a key are the people of this country , " Londono said . Critics , including former Colombian President Alvaro Uribe , say it is impossible to hold peace talks without a unilateral ceasefire by the guerrillas . Colombia has learned from its mistakes , Santos said , and military operations will continue against the FARC during the peace talks . One of the most famous failures of a previous government was the granting of a huge demilitarized zone for the guerrillas , which they abused by using it to strengthen themselves militarily and politically . This time around , Colombia will not cede one inch of territory , Santos said . Peace is possible because of Colombia 's economic growth and engagement with the world , the president said . Millions of Colombians have been lifted from poverty and using violent means to make political gains is an idea that has met its end , he said . This , together with the military successes Colombia has scored against the FARC , make it a good time for negotiations , Santos said . "  We do not fight for the sake of fighting . We fight to achieve peace , " he declared . The president said it will not be an open-ended peace process , and progress will be reviewed monthly . The FARC has complied with everything it has promised so far , Santos said , and if the group continues to negotiate with the same seriousness , the outlook for the talks is good . The FARC 's leader Tuesday noted that past negotiations had failed , but said he was optimistic that this time would be different . "  The achievement of a just and democratic peace is worth facing the most difficult challenges , " he said . Cuba 's foreign ministry said it was happy to have played a role in facilitating talks . "  A process of dialogue committed to peace and the settlement of a historical conflict in Colombia has opened up , which Cuba supports , being aware of its importance for the Colombian people and its significance for Latin America and the Caribbean , " the foreign ministry said . U.S. officials praised news of the talks . "  President Obama welcomes President Santos ' deep commitment to working for peace and recognizes the courage and sacrifice of successive Colombian governments -- and most especially of the Colombian people -- in achieving this milestone , " the White House said . "  The FARC should now take this opportunity to end its decades of terrorism and narcotics trafficking , and allow the Colombian people to continue building a democratic , prosperous , and just society . " CNN 's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	NEW : The White House calls the peace talks a "  milestone " The talks will begin in Oslo in October , and then move to Havana Colombia 's president says the outlook is good "  Another Colombia is possible , " the FARC 's leader says
Canadian authorities have arrested two men accused of planning to carry out an al Qaeda-supported attack against a passenger train traveling between Canada and the United States , a U.S. congressman told CNN on Monday . "  As I understand it , it was a train going from Canada to the U.S. , " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , chairman of the counterterrorism and intelligence subcommittee , said . The news follows an announcement earlier in the day by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police that they had arrested Chiheb Esseghaier , 30 , and Raed Jaser , 35 . The two men are charged with "  receiving support from al Qaeda elements in Iran " to carry out an attack and conspiring to murder people on a VIA railway train in the greater Toronto area , Assistant Police Commissioner James Malizia said . "  When I speak about supported , I mean direction and guidance , " he said . Despite the allegation of links to al Qaeda in Iran , there was no evidence to suggest the planned attacks were state-sponsored , Malizia said . Iran vehemently denied the allegations that al Qaeda was operating inside its borders . "  Iran 's position against this group is very clear and well known , " according to a statement released by Iran 's mission to the United Nations . "  Al Qaeda has no possibility to do any activity inside Iran or conduct any operation abroad from Iran 's territory , and we reject strongly and categorically any connection to this story . " Neither the Canadian authorities nor King identified the exact route of the targeted train . Essenghaier , of Montreal , and Jaser , of Toronto , will make their first court appearance on Tuesday , police said . Authorities said the suspects were not Canadian citizens , but declined to identify their nationality or how long they had been in Canada . Essenghaier has been a doctoral student at the National Institute of Scientific Research at the University of Quebec since 2010 , Julie Martineau , the university spokeswoman , said . He was conducting research on nanosensors , which are primarily used for medical treatments or to build other nanoproducts , such as computer chips , she said . "  I can not comment on any behavior issues . He seemed like a normal student , " Martineau said . There was no link between the Canadian investigation and the Boston Marathon bomb attack , an official with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police told CNN on condition of anonymity . Canadian authorities were tight-lipped about the planned time frame of the alleged attack except to say it was in the planning stage and not imminent . "  We are alleging these two individuals took steps and conducted activities to conduct a terrorist attack , " Jennifer Strachan of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police told reporters . "  They watched trains and railways in the greater Toronto area . " The alleged attack included a plan to derail a passenger train , she said . The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation quoted "  highly placed sources " as saying the suspects were under surveillance for more than a year . The CBC reported that the investigation was "  part of a cross-border operation involving Canadian law enforcement agencies , the FBI and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security . " Al Qaeda has long studied the possibility of attacks on railroad systems -- seeing them as cheap , relatively easy to carry out and with potentially devastating results . The organization and its sympathizers have plotted attacks on railway systems in Spain and Germany . More than 200 people were killed and 1,700 injured in an attack that targeted several commuter trains in Madrid in March 2004 . In a document seized during the raid in Pakistan that left Osama bin Laden dead was evidence of an al Qaeda discussion to target rail lines in the United States , a law enforcement official told CNN in late 2011 . According to the document , al Qaeda members discussed as early as 2010 a plan to derail trains in the United States by placing obstructions on tracks over bridges and in valleys . The plan , according to the document , was to be executed to coincide with the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks , though no specific rail system was identified , the official said . News of the arrests Monday came the same day Canada 's parliament debated an anti-terrorism bill . Traditionally , al Qaeda 's membership is seen as Sunni-dominated and not Shiite . As a result , al Qaeda and Iran have not been viewed as allies . "  We have very little intelligence on al Qaeda in Iran , " King said . What is known is that bin Laden 's son-in-law , Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , fled Afghanistan for Iran after the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . According to U.S. documents and officials , in addition to Abu Ghaith , other members of bin Laden 's inner circle ended up in Iran , including the formidable military commander of al Qaeda , Saif al-Adel , and Saad bin Laden , one of the al Qaeda leader 's older sons who has played some kind of leadership role in the group . Saad bin Laden also helped one of his father 's wives and several of his father 's children to move from Pakistan to Iran , officials said .	One of the suspects was a doctoral student at the University of Quebec Iran denies allegations that al Qaeda is operating inside its borders Rep. Peter King tells CNN the targeted train was "  going from Canada to the U.S. " The suspects "  were receiving support from al Qaeda elements in Iran , " police say
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- In the worst single incident for Kenyan police in living memory , 38 officers were killed in northern Kenya over the weekend by heavily armed cattle rustlers , according to injured police reservists who were on the scene . Local media reports put the number at between 37 and 42 dead . Internal Security Minister Katoo Ole Metito would not give a total figure on how many police officers had died . Read more : Attack on Sunday school leaves child dead , others wounded The police officers were part of an operation to recover cattle belonging to the Samburu tribe that had been stolen by the Turkana tribe , according to the minister . They were ambushed in a valley when a large group of Turkana fired on police , leaving dozens dead and many injured . The Turkana and Samburu , both pastoralist groups , have frequently engaged in tit-for-tat cattle rustling operations over many years . Villages in the region are heavily fortified by residents , and it 's not unusual to see cattle herders armed with automatic rifles . In the most recent incident , Turkana raided the Samburu last month and took a large amount of cattle , according to the internal security ministry . Read more : Kenya military reports success in Somali fight The Kenyan government intervened and gave an ultimatum for the Turkana to return the cattle last Friday , or it would respond with force . The Turkana did not meet the deadline , prompting the police operation that ended in tragedy . Both Turkana and Samburu leaders have frequently asked for more security in the region from the government . They say the police are outmanned and outgunned . While visiting wounded officers who had been airlifted to a Nairobi hospital , the minister said the government is addressing those complaints . Read more : Is Barack Obama still Kenya 's favorite son ? "  The ratio of police to civilians in the country is far below the international standards , but we are looking for more resources to bring balance , " he said , claiming the government is working to reconciling both communities . Some wounded police reservists recovering at the hospital were n't so sure . "  Reconciliation will only work if the Turkana are forcibly removed from Samburu territory . That 's the only solution , " said Ledemiano Lenankani , a Samburu reservist . Lekirnyei Masianai , another reservist , agreed . "  There is no room for reconciliation . I 'll not put down my weapon while my community is being attacked . "	The officers were trying to recover stolen cattle , a security official says The Turkana and Samburu tribes have engaged in tit-for-tat cattle rustling operations It 's not unusual to see cattle herders armed with automatic rifles The security minster says the government is trying to reconcile the two communities
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- The father of American student Amanda Knox says prosecutors have "  no case left , " after an Italian judge rejected a request for new DNA testing of evidence . "  It really appears to me that they want to find the truth , " Curt Knox said of Judge Claudio Pratillo Hellman 's decision Wednesday . "  I 'm very hopeful that by the end of the month , we 'll be able to bring Amanda and Rafael home . " Amanda Knox is fighting her conviction for killing her British housemate , Meredith Kercher . Knox and her ex-boyfriend , Rafael Sollecito , were found guilty of the killing in 2009 . The judge also rejected prosecution efforts to introduce newly found records about the original testing and to hear a new witness -- all victories for Knox 's defense , which opposed the motions . Curt Knox said his daughter is "  handling it a step at a time . She 's not pessimistic by any means . But she 's also not saying , you know , I 'm coming home . " He told CNN that the family will be allowed to see Amanda on Friday and will have a better sense of her reaction to the court 's decision then . Still , he acknowledged that "  it was very good news for Amanda . " Even the prosecutor 's office told CNN that its attorneys are less certain of the outcome . The prosecution is still confident that the verdict will be upheld , but is aware that it could go either way , the office said . But Francesco Maresca , an attorney for the Kercher family , said that the rulings were not a defeat and that he understood why the judge rejected the requests . The judge adjourned the hearing until September 23 when final arguments are expected to begin . The earliest possible verdict date is September 29 under a timetable the judge released Wednesday . Knox and Sollecito were found guilty of the killing two years after Kercher 's semi-naked body was found in the house they shared in Perugia . Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison , while Sollecito got 25 . A third defendant , Rudy Guede , was convicted in a separate fast-track trial . Knox and Sollecito are appealing their convictions together , having been convicted in a joint trial . Attorneys for Knox and Sollecito this week have worked to cast doubt on DNA evidence found on the knife and Kercher 's bra clasp . DNA on the knife used to kill Kercher could not have been from blood , a forensic expert testifying for Knox 's defense told the court Wednesday . Carlo Torre , one of Italy 's best-known forensics experts , presented a detailed technical argument about the DNA on the knife . Prosecutors in 2009 said there were traces of Knox 's genetic material on the handle and Kercher 's in a tiny groove on the blade . Sara Gino , another defense witness , testified Wednesday that Sollecito 's genetic material could have gotten onto the bloodied bra if it was on Knox 's clothes when they were washed with Kercher 's before the killing . Other experts working for the defense argued this summer that the Sollecito DNA allegedly found on the bra clasp should be "  inadmissible . " Carla Vecchiotti and Stefano Conti said the clasp was "  dirty " and had been allowed to rust , making further testing futile . Vecchiotti has also testified that tests for blood on the knife were negative , and that the amount of DNA said to be Kercher 's was so low , it could not be examined again with any conclusions . But Italian state police forensic expert Patrizia Stefanoni defended Tuesday the methods and the equipment used in the investigation . Stefanoni said the machine used for the DNA examination was clean and rejected suggestions the clasp had been contaminated . She said it had been moved but not turned over or stepped on at the scene . CNN 's Hada Messia and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	NEW : Curt Knox is hopeful his daughter will be home by the end of the month A judge rejects prosecution requests for more DNA testing and to call more witnesses A defense witness says DNA on the knife used to kill Meredith Kercher could not be from blood Knox is fighting her murder conviction for the 2007 death of her housemate in Italy
CNN  -- NASA says it has launched an investigation after finding cocaine in a processing hangar for a space shuttle at Kennedy Space Center in Florida . A small amount of cocaine was found in a restricted area of the processing hangar for the shuttle Discovery , NASA said in a statement . "  This is a rare and isolated incident , and I 'm disappointed that it happened , but it should not detract from the outstanding work that is being done by a dedicated team on a daily basis , " Kennedy Space Center Director Bob Cabana said in the statement . NASA has drug-tested employees who worked in that area , the statement said . "  There were about 200 NASA and contractor personnel who were around the facility at the time the drug was found , " the statement said . CNN affiliate WESH reported that the cocaine was found this week in a small bag on the floor near a bathroom in the restricted area . NASA is using its own security and law enforcement officials to conduct the investigation . Discovery 's next launch is in March , NASA says . "  There is no reason whatsoever to believe this incident will have any impact on Discovery 's upcoming launch , " Cabana said .	Small amount of cocaine found in restricted area of processing hangar for Discovery NASA has drug-tested employees who worked in that area NASA does n't think incident will interfere with Discovery 's launch in March
CNN  -- Actor , activist and environmentalist , Ted Danson is n't afraid to tackle any number of roles . Perhaps best known for his part as likeable barman Sam Malone in "  Cheers " for 12 years , he more recently recast himself as an unscrupulous billionaire in "  Damages . " But away from his on-screen heroes and villains , Ted 's most enduring real-life role has been as a committed environmentalist working to conserve the oceans . Optimistic and engaging , Danson is a board member of Oceana , a group committed to ocean and marine-life protection , that he helped establish in 1987 . Last year he appeared before the U.S. Congress to urge the moratorium on offshore drilling for oil to be reinstated . His personal environmental epiphany came in the 1980s when had to explain to his daughter that she could not swim in the sea because the water was too polluted . It presented him with some tough questions on the state of the environment , which he responded to by taking action . Read Ted 's op-ed on how industrial fishing practices are killing our oceans As well as spearheading campaigns for Oceana and lending his voice to narrate the 2009 documentary film "  The End of the Line , " he 's in the process of co-authoring a book on ocean conservation . "  For over 20 years , I 've been watching this issue grow and build in the public consciousness and I am convinced that we 're now at a tipping point , " he said . "  The rise in awareness of , and fight against , climate change has convinced me that people are ready for a book that brings to light the critical issues regarding the future of our oceans . " From overfishing and acidification of the seas and being a big fish in Hollywood send in your questions for Ted and join the conversation . Use the "  Sound off " box at the bottom of this page for your questions . We 'll use the best questions in the live broadcast here on CNN.com .	Ted Danson will be live on CNN.com on April 1 at 10am ET in a 30-minute interview Actor and environmental campaigner will answer your questions during the show Send in your question using the Sound Off box at the bottom of the page
CNN  As the Great Kate Wait of 2015 drags on , giving a whole new meaning to Kate 's somewhat unfair noughties nickname , "  Waity Katie , " bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate . As of today , 70 % of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess . I suspect different parties are hoping for a girl for different reasons . Based on the so called "  Kate Effect " and subsequent "  George Effect , " the great British High Street is no doubt salivating at the prospect of record sales should HRH Princess  fill in the blank  of Cambridge be spotted in one of their outfits . As one headline blared this week , "  Baby girl could be worth $ 1.5 billion to the country . " Magazine and newspaper editors are well aware of the dramatic rise in sales when a royal baby hits the cover , especially a little girl . And then there 's Disney , which will always appreciate princesses in the zeitgeist , but as with all things relating to the monarchy , there is also a far greater historical significance should a baby girl arrive . There have been 34 Kings and only six Queens over the course of the British Monarchy 's thousand-year history , and yet some of the nation 's most enlightened times have occurred when a Queen has been on the throne . Elizabeth I led the country through the Golden Age , and Victoria and Elizabeth II -- the two longest reigning monarchs -- both made their mark with perhaps the most illustrious and progressive legacies of all . While it is unlikely this child will ever be crowned , as the daughter of the second-in-line to the throne , her role will be significant . Prince Charles has made no secret of his desire to slim down the monarchy , but in looking at his family 's immediate bloodline -- William , Harry and George -- it stands to be a heavily male-dominated one . In an institution viewed by some as archaic and out of touch , it is imperative to have a strong female presence . Princess Anne -- Baby Cambridge 's great-aunt -- grew up with three brothers , and was once described as , "  the greatest King the country never had . " She is patron of more than 200 charitable organizations and carries out some 500 public engagements a year . A noted equestrian , she won two silver medals and a gold at the European Eventing Championships , and was the first member of the royal family to compete at the Olympics . More importantly she has supported her mother throughout her reign , flown the flag for Britain and promoted brand Windsor around the world . As the only girl born to Elizabeth and Philip , she has matched and often surpassed the accomplishments of her brothers . Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie , also true blood princesses , are not "  working members " of the royal family and generally only roll out for state and ceremonial occasions . So , yes , it would be nice for the baby to be a girl so that we can all ooh and ah over frilly dresses , fairy wings and ballet shoes  although as a Windsor she 's more likely to be mucking out stables and shooting pheasant  , but in truth the birth of a girl matters on a far deeper level : the monarchy needs a baby girl to fill the female void of future generations . The 20th century was ushered in by Queen Victoria and the 21st by Queen Elizabeth II . Should George live to eighty-seven he will be the first monarch of the 22nd century , but as I have said before the British monarchy is anything but predictable . If punters are right and William and Kate do announce the birth of a baby girl as the rightful "  spare , " it 's certainly possible that a seventh Queen may ring in the year 2100 . In the event the couple welcomes a boy , however , I sincerely hope there wo n't be a collective groan of disappointment heard around the world -- after all on the few occasions we have seen Prince George he has been a veritable treat . The birth of any baby is cause for celebration regardless of gender , race , religion or indeed status , and as Prince Harry , the world 's most eligible bachelor has shown , games of naked billiards can sell magazines too . READ MORE : Please do n't name the royal baby Diana	British monarchy 's 1,000-year history has seen 34 Kings and just 6 Queens on the throne Victoria Arbiter argues the royal family needs a baby girl to fill the female void of future generations
CNN  -- Somewhere in a Department of Homeland Security warehouse , thousands of doses of antiviral medications are about to expire . Another warehouse stores thousands of expired respirators . This is the equipment and medicine that was supposed to help protect government personnel in the event of a deadly pandemic . A federal investigation has found that the DHS is totally "  ill-prepared " for something like the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic -- or something worse , such as a global Ebola outbreak or the 1918 flu pandemic that killed an estimated 21.5 million people , according to a report released by the Office of the Inspector General on Monday . In 2006 , Congress gave DHS $ 47 million to prepare for such a national medical crisis . And the department did go shopping ; it spent millions on this equipment that might now be completely worthless , missing or unnecessary . For example , the audit found more than 4,000 bottles of expired hand sanitizer in storage with the DHS . Many of those bottles have been expired for up to four years . Some 81 % of the antiviral drugs the DHS has will expire by the end of next year . And 100 % of the Tamiflu is set to expire in 2015 . Some 46 % of the Relenza DHS has will expire then as well . It was unclear to investigators whether the antiviral medication had been stored at a proper temperature . The department 's entire respirator stockpile has reached , or will soon reach , the manufacturer 's date of usability . And the report suggests the department failed to determine real-life needs before buying the equipment in the first place . The DHS Capital Region pandemic stockpile has about 350,000 white coverall suits , according to the report . Investigators say there is "  no justification or related documentation " available to support that number of suits , nor does any kind of documentation explain why they were necessary . The same is true for surgical masks . There are 16 million in the department 's inventory ; no reason was given for having that many . Overall , DHS failed to keep good records about what it purchased and what it received , according to the report . That may be why the government had to report a secondary stockpile containing 25,000 surgical masks and hand sanitizer as "  lost . " The report concluded "  it is imperative that DHS be prepared to continue mission-essential operations should a pandemic occur , " and yet it found that DHS did n't develop a clear plan on how to replenish their stockpiles of equipment . Nor did they have a good way to keep a good control over their inventory to monitor expiration dates on material . "  DHS is responsible for ensuring it is adequately prepared to continue critical operations in the event of a pandemic , " Inspector General John Roth said in a news release . DHS agreed with all 11 suggestions the Inspector General 's Office made to improve the program . The department will assign an office to oversee the supplies and develop an adequate strategy for making sure the material stays current . It has applied for a shelf life extension with the Food and Drug Administration to extend the expiration dates on the antiviral medicine it has that will expire in 2015 . "  We will work with them to see that this vital program is strengthened , " Roth said . Virus hitting Midwest could be ` tip of iceberg '	Federal investigation finds the DHS stockpile of medicine is about to expire Some of the stockpiled safety material is also missing DHS and the inspector general will work together to improve inventory measures
CNN  -- SeaWorld says its "  Dine with Shamu " killer whale show is reopening , nearly a year after it closed following the death of a trainer . The show opens February 26 at SeaWorld 's San Antonio , Texas , park , followed by its parks in San Diego , California , and Orlando , Florida , in the spring , the company said . In February 2010 , Tilikum , a 12,000-pound killer whale , pulled senior trainer Dawn Brancheau , 40 , underwater and killed her as horrified visitors watched at SeaWorld of Orlando 's Shamu Stadium . After Brancheau 's death , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration fined SeaWorld $ 75,000 for three safety violations , including one classified as willful . In a statement , SeaWorld said that its internal review reached a different conclusion . Without providing details , the statement said the conclusions were "  drawn from decades of experience caring for marine mammals . " In the past , SeaWorld 's parks in Orlando , San Antonio and San Diego gave customers the opportunity to eat a meal next to the killer whale tank while interacting with the trainers . SeaWorld 's Nick Gollattscheck with said the reopened show in Orlando would receive "  a new look and surface around the pool and new glass in the guest viewing area . "	Action comes almost a year after whale killed trainer at Orlando park San Antonio park 's show to open first , followed by those in Orlando and San Diego Spokesman : Orlando park show will get "  a new look "
CNN  -- The reminders are everywhere : Wash your hands . Use hand sanitizers . Stay away from class if you 're sick . Cornell student Vishnu Patel wears a "  Got Soap " shirt as he spreads awareness about the flu . College students said they 're reminded nearly daily about flu prevention by e-mail updates , posters and ubiquitous hand sanitizer dispensers around campus . Yet , despite the pervasive prevention messages , many students said they 're not too worried . Those who have been sick said it was no different than the seasonal flu . "  Students are going about their business as normal , " said Dr. James Turner , the executive director of the department of student health at the University of Virginia . "  They 're asking , ` What 's the big deal ? ' Some of them are aggravated . Those that are sick report feeling miserable . They recover uneventfully and go on . There 's more anxiety among parents and staff trying to respond on campus to various needs . " Since August , 13,434 cases of the flu have been reported by the 253 schools contributing data to the American College Health Association . Of the cases , there have been 21 hospitalizations . This data do not include all U.S. universities . "  There 's plenty of opportunity to spread infections , " said Turner , who is also president of the association . He noted that students "  tend to socialize in large groups , frats , bars , sharing the drinking glasses , smoking material . They 're in real close contact , densely packed into parties which are all breeding grounds for infections . " Two student deaths related to the flu have been reported this school year . Andrew Salter , a freshman at Troy University in Troy , Alabama , died on September 5 . The student had the flu , possibly H1N1 , before he was hospitalized for pneumonia , according to a university spokesman . Six days later , Cornell University student Warren J. Schor , 20 , died of complications related to H1N1 flu , according to a statement released by the Ithaca , New York , university . Since school started in mid to late August , the Southeast had a high rate of H1N1 infection , but those rates are dwindling , while in other areas the rates are increasing , Turner said . "  We 're seeing increasing rates in the Midwest and mid-Atlantic areas , " he said . "  This has to do with when schools start classes ... We 're going to see regional outbreaks , timed around when classes are reconvening . " When David Accame returned for his sophomore year at the University of Maryland , College Park , he was n't worried about H1N1 . "  There 's always the risk of sickness when you 're around so many people in close quarters , " said Accame , who lives in the dorms . "  I did n't think anything of it more than a regular cold . " Then in early September , Accame came down with a headache , stuffy nose , cough , sore throat and a 103-degree fever . After taking Tamiflu , Accame recovered in a few days . His illness sparked some anxiety among his roommates . "  Both my roommates sprayed down everything . They sprayed my bed with Lysol , all the silverware , desk , everywhere , " he said . Other than the brief illness , Accame said "  this school year has been the same as the last . " Some have opted for a humorous approach , forming Facebook groups such as "  not living on campus and as a result , not having swine flu " and "  We hate swine flu affected students . " Several students said they are aware of the risks and are taking precautionary measures . Blog : Back to school flus Michelle Zeng , a Cornell senior , said , "  I definitely wash my hands more often and try to get more rest than usual to help my immunity more . I still go to class . My regular daily routine , I do n't think it changed that much . " Angelica Geter , a graduate student at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , noted that people get tense when a classmate coughs nearby . "  Everyone says , ` Are you feeling OK ? Have you been to the doctor ? ' " Emory formed a voluntary isolation unit for students who become ill . Since the unit opened , 131 students have checked into the dorm , and as of last Friday , all had checked out , according to a university spokeswoman . Earlier this month , Dan Tapiero , an Emory sophomore , was kicked out by his three roommates when he got sick . "  They were polite about it , " he said . He stayed at the isolation unit for four days doing homework , surfing the Web and catching up with classes . Having the H1N1 flu was n't terrible despite the forced exile , he said . "  It 's like the regular flu . You feel sick for one or two days , " Tapiero said . "  I felt like the media was using scare tactics about the swine flu . " The difficulty for schools is letting students know about H1N1 risks without spreading panic , said James Tinney , director of media relations at Washington State University . "  I think students have gotten the message . A lot of the students interviewed by the media outlets , their message back has been ` This is over-hyped . It 's not that big of a deal . ' " Earlier this month , the university had more than 2,600 possible flu cases surface . By Monday , WSU 's flu blog reported that health services were in contact with 32 students with flu-like illness . Officials at Stillman College in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , canceled its first home football game because several players had flu-like symptoms . After that forfeit , the team played the next two games . But for most universities , events and classes have continued uneventfully . "  National , state and local health officials have told us there is no reason to cancel events at Cornell , " Claudia Wheatley , director of the Cornell press relations office , wrote in an email . "  The vast majority of our students are very healthy and anxious to enjoy our traditional fall activities , like football games and so on . " For two weeks , the school 's InterFraternity Council canceled large social events out of health concerns . "  Too often , as college students , we think we 're invincible , " said Cornell senior Eddie Rooker , president of the InterFraternity Council . "  I think people are understanding how serious their health is and how their actions can affect their peers . "	13,434 cases of flu have been reported to American College Health Association Two student deaths have been reported this year related to the flu Students say campus life is normal except for hand sanitizers everywhere
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Grammy-winning music producer Phil Spector , 69 , has been moved to a California prison to serve his sentence of 19 years to life for killing actress Lana Clarkson , corrections officials said . Phil Spector will serve time at the California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison . Spector , who was convicted of second-degree murder and sentenced last month in Clarkson 's 2003 shooting death , will be housed at the California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison in Corcoran . However , "  he is not in any of the therapy or treatment facilities at the prison , " said Terri Thornton , a California Department of Corrections spokeswoman . Spector is housed in a "  sensitive-needs yard " at the prison -- the largest prison by area in the state . It functions like a general population yard , Thornton said , "  but it is for inmates with safety concerns , such as celebrities , gang dropouts or those whose crimes make them a target of other prisoners . " Spector 's accommodations are standard , with the exception that the cells are slightly larger to accommodate wheelchairs should inmates need them , which he does not , prison spokesman Steven Smith said . There are several therapy and education programs for inmates , but Thornton said she is not sure whether Spector will participate in them . Inmates who do can work toward a modest reduction of their sentences . Spector is not the first celebrity to serve a sentence at the facility south of Fresno ; actor Robert Downey Jr. served time there in 1999 for probation violation of a drug charge . The California Substance Abuse and Treatment Facility and State Prison houses 6,919 inmates . Although it is in Corcoran , it is a separate facility from Corcoran State Prison , where Charles Manson is serving his life sentence .	Music producer was sentenced to 19 years to life in actress ' death He will be housed in Corcoran prison 's "  sensitive-needs yard " Area is for inmates with safety concerns , like celebrities or ex-gang members
CNN  -- Authorities Tuesday recovered the body of an eighth missing snowmobiler buried in avalanches in southern British Columbia , a spokesman for the the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said . Authorities found seven bodies a day after avalanches in British Columbia , Canada . Sgt. Tim Shields said the body was recovered around 11:38 a.m. . The seven other bodies were recovered Monday . Their identities were not immediately released . David Wilks , mayor of Sparwood , the small town where the snowmobilers lived , said all were men in their 20s . The eight men , and three others who escaped , faced two avalanches Sunday about 20 kilometers  12 miles  east of Fernie , a town in the Canadian Rockies about 300 kilometers  190 miles  southwest of Calgary , Alberta . The three survivors suffered minor injuries , and one was hospitalized overnight . The men had been in an area called Harvey Pass , which police called "  a popular backcountry snowmobile destination . " Police said an avalanche buried part of the group and , as others came to help them , a second avalanche buried them . "  Two of the buried riders managed to self-rescue within about 20 minutes . These two used their avalanche beacons to locate a third buried victim who they rescued after an additional 20 minutes of digging , " police said . The mayor described the snowmobilers as upstanding citizens , most of them working in coal mines or as businessmen . "  All were well aware of the dangers involved in snowmobiling . All are very cautious with what was going on , " Wilks said . The mayor said temperatures as low as minus 30 degrees Fahrenheit in recent weeks had warmed up in the last two or three days to 25 degrees Fahrenheit .	Bodies of seven other missing snowmobilers were found Monday Group had been snowmobiling in southeastern British Columbia , Canada Two of 11 buried riders managed to rescue themselves , find third victim
CNN  -- An employee of a subcontractor laying fiber optic cable hit a 2-inch gas line with an underground boring machine about an hour before an explosion killed one person at a popular restaurant in Kansas City , Missouri . Fire Chief Paul Berardi told reporters the subcontractor , Heartland Midwest , called 911 at 4:55 p.m. CT to report the accident . Authorities do not know what caused the leaking gas to ignite , according to Rob Hack , chief operating officer of Missouri Gas Energy . "  But all the damaged points to ignition inside the restaurant , " he said . One body was pulled Wednesday from the debris at JJ 's restaurant , a popular place near Country Club Plaza , a locale with upscale shops and restaurants . Officials said Wednesday afternoon they believed there were no more missing people or undiscovered bodies . "  The people stage has basically concluded , " Mayor Sly James told reporters . Authorities were moving into the investigation phase , he said . The explosion occurred just after 6 p.m. Tuesday . One female employee was reported missing after the blast , but Fire Chief Paul Berardi said it was too early to confirm the identity of the victim , whose body was found near the restaurant 's bar area . At least 15 people were injured in the blast . Six people remained hospitalized Wednesday , three in critical condition , Berardi said . Berardi released a timeline of events that began with the subcontractor calling 911 shortly before 5 p.m. local time to report the accident . A Missouri Gas Energy employee showed up about 20 minutes later and , after some initial readings on gas-measuring devices , called for backup , Hack said . MGE employees on the scene went into businesses and asked people to leave because levels were above the state 's threshold for gas concentrations in the air . The gas company also brought in excavating equipment to try to vent the pipe , but the explosion occurred before they could alleviate the problem . Three of the company 's workers were hospitalized , Hack said . ' I thought I was going to die ' The odor of natural gas led to the early closure of JJ 's restaurant , but hostess Deidre Estes and other employees were n't in a rush to leave , unaware of the danger they were in . Then , "  Boom ! And everything was black , " Estes told CNN affiliate KCTV . The blast ripped the roof off of the restaurant . "  I thought I was going to die . Honestly , I thought I was trapped in there , " Estes told KCTV . "  I saw the flames , and I was scared I was going to burn up . And then with all my might , I got this strength and lifted the rubble off . " A utility crew investigating the odor had suggested that the restaurant close , but gave no sense of urgency or the potential for an explosion . The mayor confirmed that the fire department responded to a call about the gas odor , about 50 minutes before the blast , but left the scene after being told by the utility company that everything was under control . "  When these situations exist , the fire department defers to the expertise of any utility who is there , " James said . Debris was stacked 3 - to 4-feet high where the restaurant once stood . Among the rubble was the gas company 's destroyed backhoe . Watch video of the explosion 's aftermath Jennifer Carter , who was in the restaurant , told CNN affiliate KSHB that a man who had a hand-held device came in before the blast and told her and 10 others to leave . Employees had already turned off appliances after smelling gas , she said . Carter complied . She was just a few blocks away when she heard the explosion . The gas sent flames a few stories high into the night sky . More than 100 firefighters responded , Berardi said . Dr. Leonardo Lozada heard the explosion a block and a half away at St. Luke 's Health Systems , where he is chief physician . "  It was pretty loud . I just heard it ; it was n't that traumatic , " he said . The restaurant 's owner , James Frantze , was in Oklahoma at the time of the blast . A message on the restaurant 's Facebook page made a simple request of patrons : "  Please keep our friends and families in your hearts and prayers . " CNN 's Carma Hassan , Mariano Castillo and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : Gas company workers detected high levels in the air before asking people to leave Search for bodies called off as accident investigators move in The natural gas explosion leveled popular restaurant about 6 p.m. CT Tuesday Worker describes being trapped near flames to CNN affiliate
San Diego , California  CNN  -- As the immigration debate moves to the House of Representatives , Americans are fully engaged . Is it too much to ask that they also be fully informed ? Not many are . They have strong opinions on a subject they do n't really understand . They know what they believe , but they long ago stopped asking themselves why they believe it . Worst of all , as bad as the immigration problem is , some of the solutions they propose range from the nonworkable to the nonsensical . One proposed remedy sticks out as the nuttiest of all . In fact , if you love this country , it 's actually quite offensive . Consider the interaction I had recently with a friend who follows politics . The son of a Pennsylvania coal miner and a graduate of Yale Law School and Oxford University , my buddy wanted to put in his two cents about immigration -- and how to fix a broken system . A moderate Republican , he does n't support the bill that the Senate passed by a vote of 68-32 , and he is looking for something better . He does n't mind the idea of legalizing at least some of the undocumented , but he wants the United States to secure the border first . He 's reasonable , but this issue troubles him -- and so do some of the proposed remedies . As for his solution , my friend blurted out : "  Why do n't we just do whatever Mexico does ? I mean , they must be doing a good job of keeping out illegal immigrants . Why not adopt their policies ? " Ay Chihuahua . Not this again . I hear this argument , or variations of it , at least three times a week from readers . I 've heard it from audiences when I give speeches . I 've heard it from callers when I host radio shows . It 's either someone 's idea of a joke or what some people consider a major breakthrough . Here 's the back story . Accounts in the media over the last several years have detailed how badly Mexico treats immigrants from Central America who try to enter illegally through its southern border on their way to the United States . The border is often fortified , and the trip can be dangerous . Mexican immigration officials sometimes look the other way and let the migrants cross the Mexico-Guatemala border because they assume that they 're only passing through on their way to the United States . But when there is the chance that the Central Americans might stick around and find work in Mexico , attitudes harden -- both on the border and in Mexican society at large . And the standards for becoming a citizen and punishments for infractions are much harsher than those in the U.S. How 's that for irony ? It seems that Mexicans are no more keen on losing jobs to Guatemalans , Hondurans or Salvadorans than Americans are about losing them to Mexicans . It goes to show that people are the same all around the world . There is no denying the hypocrisy of Mexicans who insist on a secure border to the south but would prefer a porous one to the north . On trips to Mexico City to meet with government officials , I 've raised that issue . But that does n't let Americans off the hook for the role they play in this drama . U.S. employers willingly and eagerly hire immigrants from Mexico -- and Central America -- to do jobs that Americans wo n't do . The American household has never been more dependent on illegal immigrant labor that provides middle-class Americans with nannies , gardeners , housekeepers , senior caregivers and all the other comforts of what used to be an upper-middle-class lifestyle . Should the United States aspire to be like Mexico ? Is that really the solution to our immigration woes ? Sure . Let 's do that . It 's worked out really well for Mexico over the past century or so . We 're talking about a country that people try to escape , where opportunity is scarce and where the population is divided six ways from Sunday -- rich vs. poor , country folks vs. city dwellers , light skinned vs. dark skinned , the educated elite vs. the poor illiterates who serve them . We 're talking about a country where people routinely prey on one another , and where many of them seem to think that they ca n't have anything unless they take it from someone else . We 're talking about a country that takes in about $ 25 billion a year in remittances from expatriates living in the United States , and has no real national economic policy beyond that and tourism . We 're talking about a country , parts of which remain mired in the Third World and an economy that -- while it has shown new vibrancy in recent years -- remains second-rate , and where immigration is kept to a minimum and where foreign investment in key industries such as petroleum is restricted . And last , we 're talking about a country that remains plagued by nativism and racism toward immigrants who are considered inferior to the native-born . Is that a model worth emulating ? Should we be like Mexico ? No , thank you . Not on your life . Not for this Mexican-American . About 100 years ago , my grandfather , and his parents , chose the United States over Mexico because it was a superior country . During the Mexican Revolution , this was thought to be a safer country with more freedom and opportunity . That is still the case . Now some of my fellow Americans want me to , in essence , choose Mexico over the United States , as if our neighbor could teach us how to behave toward immigrants . Sure , we Americans have our problems . And our immigration system is broken . But , believe it or not , it is still the envy of the world . Immigration is one thing we do right . Let 's remember that . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette hears some nonsensical solutions to the U.S. immigration problem He says one of the worst is that U.S. adopt a harsh immigration policy like Mexico 's Navarrette : Mexico 's bad economy , other woes are related to keeping immigrants out He asks whether we want a nation people want to leave , and where immigrants are despised
Savar , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Preliminary results of a government inquiry into last week 's collapse of a nine-story building on the outskirts of Bangladesh 's capital have found that "  heavy machinery and high-capacity generators " were "  largely responsible , " according to state media . "  During the inquiry , we have found that use of substandard materials during the construction also contributed to the building collapse , " committee head Main Uddin Khandaker told Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha . He predicted the committee would complete its report within a few days . The preliminary conclusion came as police arrested engineer Abdur Razzak Khan on a charge of negligence , Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha reported . "  He warned that the building was unsafe ahead of its collapse , but he worked as the construction consultant when the Rana Plaza 's owner illegally added three floors " to the building , the agency said , citing a police official whom it did not identify by name . Two other engineers -- who worked for the municipality of Savar -- have been arrested for having allegedly issued a safety clearance despite the appearance of cracks in the building that appeared the day before it collapsed , the news agency said . The building owner , Sohel Rana , was arrested last weekend as he attempted to flee to India ; owners and senior management of the factories have been arrested for forcing workers to resume production in the building shortly before it collapsed , it said . The death toll from the country 's deadliest industrial disaster rose Saturday to 547 as another 22 bodies were recovered , the agency said . Authorities say more than 2,400 people have been rescued from the wreckage since the building collapsed more than a week ago in this suburb of Dhaka , the capital . The number of dead has risen as workers have begun using heavy machinery to cull through the slabs of concrete , around which hundreds of people awaited news of the missing . The collapse of the building that held five garment factories and thousands of workers has provoked widespread protests in Bangladesh , including attacks on some textile facilities . The demonstrators have expressed anger over the conditions in which many are forced to work . But the trade group that represents the garment industry said Thursday it was safe for the millions of textile workers in and around Dhaka to return to duty . Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina urged residents Friday to delay protests planned for this weekend in the capital so that government workers can focus on recovery efforts . She told reporters she wanted the opposition alliance and Muslim hard-liners marching under the banner of Hefazat-e-Islam "  to consider postponement , not withdrawal of their programs , at this critical point when the people are still fighting for life and rescue operations are under way . " Bangladesh 's $ 20 billion garment industry accounts for 77 % of the country 's exports . Among those caught up in the finger pointing after the disaster are Western retailers and clothing brands that Bangladeshi suppliers say put heavy pressure on prices , resulting in bad pay and conditions for workers . Bangladesh vs. the U.S. : How much does it cost to make a denim shirt ? The Bangladeshi government has come under criticism from representatives of labor groups who say it has failed to tighten lax safety standards despite a series of recent fatal disasters in the country 's garment industry . In an interview Thursday with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Hasina acknowledged that the industry is beset with problems , but said her government is moving rapidly to fix them . Journalist Farid Ahmed reported from Savar , and CNN 's Tom Watkins reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : The death toll rises to 547 as more bodies are discovered The report is expected to be completed within two working days The building collapse is Bangladesh 's deadliest industrial disaster
Previously unknown paintings by Henri Matisse , Marc Chagall and Otto Dix are among a treasure trove of art -- much of it believed to have been looted by the Nazis -- found hidden in a Munich apartment . The vast collection , which experts say has "  a value so high it can not be estimated , " was recovered in a raid by German tax authorities , in connection with an investigation into tax evasion , in February and March 2012 . At a press conference in Germany on Tuesday , experts revealed that more than 1,300 artworks -- many long feared lost or destroyed , and some which had never been recorded -- had been discovered . Among the haul were paintings by Pablo Picasso , Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec , Oskar Kokoschka , Canaletto , Pierre-August Renoir , Franz Marc and Gustav Courbet . "  A total of 121 framed and 1,285 unframed works , among them works by famous artists , were seized , " prosecutor Reinhard Nemetz announced . "  There were oil paintings , works in india ink , pencil , watercolors , lithographs and prints . " Nemetz said there were "  concrete indications that -LSB- some of it -RSB- is so-called ` degenerate art ' or stolen art . " Art looted by Nazis ` found in German apartment ' ` Degenerate art ' Thousands of pieces of art condemned as "  degenerate " by the Nazis were confiscated from galleries and private collectors in the 1930s and 1940s . Other works were stolen from Jewish families or sold for a fraction of their true value as the owners tried to flee the country . "  The German government is supporting the state prosecution in Augsburg by supplying advice from experts in the field of so-called degenerate art and the entire issue of Nazi-looted art , " government spokesman Steffen Seibert said . "  But we can not comment any of the issues of the ongoing investigation . " The collection 's existence only came to light this past weekend , with an article in the German news magazine Focus , which reported that that the pictures were found when customs police raided the rundown apartment in the Schwabing district of Munich last year . The recovered paintings are said to have been kept in storage in a secure warehouse in the city ever since . The Munich apartment where the artworks were found belongs to Cornelius Gurlitt , 80 . Gurlitt 's father Hildebrand was an art collector who dealt in works for the Nazis , according to art historians . Hildebrand Gurlitt had claimed the works were destroyed in Allied firebombing near the end of the Second World War . It is not clear how his son came to be in possession of the paintings . The authorities say Cornelius Gurlitt was unknown to them . He was not on any of the tax rolls and not even known by social security . No charges have been filed against Gurlitt , he is not under arrest , and the prosecutor said it is not clear which laws if any had been violated . Art historian Meike Hoffman , who has been cataloging the collection , said it contained important pieces of the highest quality -- some of which were completely unknown . Art labeled ` degenerate ' back on display in Germany Legal claims "  To stand in front of these works , which have for a long time been thought missing , lost or destroyed and to see them in a relatively good condition -- in part a little dirty , but not damaged -- gives one a somewhat eerie feeling of happiness . "  Many of the works were not known at all , previously , so they will have a big impact on research into the artists concerned , once the investigation is complete and they can be revealed publicly . " The relatives of many Jewish families whose art collections were plundered during the Nazi era are now expected to launch legal action to try to reclaim their property . "  We demand that the paintings be handed back to their original owners , " said Ruediger Mahlo , representative of the Conference on Jewish Material Claims against Germany . Speaking to CNN before the full extent of the discovery became clear , Julian Radcliffe , chairman of the Art Loss Register , said it was "  very encouraging ... but there are tens of thousands of artworks still under dispute , so this is really just a drop in the ocean . "	Unknown works by Matisse and Chagall among haul found in Munich apartment Treasure trove of paintings was discovered in raid by German tax authorities Pieces by Picasso , Toulouse-Lautrec , Dix , Renoir , Courbet and Canaletto also recovered Experts say many of the works are so called ` Degenerate Art ' confiscated by Nazis
CNN  -- "  There 's between 100,000 and 300,000 child sex slaves in the United States today , " Ashton Kutcher tells CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  If you do n't do something to stop that -- that 's when there 's something wrong with you . " In their first-ever joint prime time interview , actress Demi Moore and actor Ashton Kutcher will be guests on Thursday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " The husband-and-wife team launched The Demi & Ashton Foundation  DNA  after a visit to the U.S.-Mexico border in January . They met a girl who had been trafficked into the United States by her pimp , who brought her into a field where she was repeatedly raped on a trash bag by 30 men . The DNA Foundation stands for the fundamental right to freedom for every person -- because it 's within our DNA . "  It just seemed impossible to live in a world where that was going on and not , you know , do something about it , " said Moore . More : The CNN Freedom Project : Ending Modern-Day Slavery According to Kutcher , the average age of entry into the sex trade is 13 . "  And that 's globally , by the way , " added the actor , who also pointed out that many Americans view child sex slavery as a problem in places that they have no control over , such as Cambodia , India or Nepal . Kutcher wants to people to realize trafficking is prevalent in the U.S. , too . Traffickers are often "  Average Joes , " usually in their early 30s . "  And what they 're really doing , " said Kutcher , "  is profiting off the sale of these women and girls . " These men seem like perfect guys to vulnerable girls from broken homes . Pimps start off nice and generous in a ritual that Moore likens to "  courting . " Sometimes they meet the girls online , establish relationships with them , take them shopping , make them comfortable and gain their trust . One of the so-called faces of human trafficking joined "  Piers Morgan Tonight " under concealed identity from an undisclosed location to provide a first-hand account of what Morgan called "  the horrors of sex trafficking . " The 17-year-old girl went by the name "  Nicole " for the purposes of the interview . When Nicole -- who is an American citizen -- was 13 , her father went to jail while her mother battled drug addiction . Nicole began establishing relationships with men online , leading to a cycle of pimps , drug problems and even jail . Moore recalled the story of a girl who , now 18 , was just 11 when she was taken in by a pimp . In a similar fashion , he took her to McDonald 's , took her to the mall and made her feel safe . Pretty soon she was forced into child prostitution and given a $ 1,500-a-night quota . If she did n't meet her quota , she was beaten or forced to sit in a tub of ice . Her pimp 's nickname was "  Daddy Day Care " because the girls he overpowered were extremely young . According to the girl , Moore said , the pimp would load the girls into an overcrowded car -- so crowded that some rode in the trunk -- drive to Las Vegas , place ads on Craigslist and have the girls prostituting almost immediately . Siddharth Kara , author of "  Sex Trafficking , Inside the Business of Modern Slavery " also joined the show . Kara said at a minimum , there are "  1.5 million traffic sex slaves in the world today generating profits in 2010 that exceeded $ 39 billion . " Moore reiterated that she and Kutcher initiated the campaign "  to create awareness . You have to acknowledge a problem exists before you can actually go about finding a solution , " she said . "  And what we 've found is that most people are n't even aware of what 's going on . " Moore and Kutcher maintain that they will remain committed to the cause no matter how long it takes to eradicate child sex slavery . Morgan asked the couple famously addicted to Twitter -- Kutcher has 6.5 million followers , Moore has 3.5 million -- if it is smart to use social media as a tool to spread the word about their campaign when social media often makes it easier for child sex traffickers to operate . "  For me , " said Kutcher , "  I think I looked at this platform and thought to myself , ` This could be the collective consciousness , right ? ' This platform , in and of itself , a little shout here , and a little shout there . But the key was being able to drive a link into deeper , richer content into a tweet , and then have that tweet be syndicated . "  I do n't believe that there 's a problem in the world that exists that the solutions did n't exist before the problem . So that 's why we 're using social media for this campaign , " he said . "  It 's to actually go right into the heart of where it 's taking place . Seventy-six percent of the transactions for child sex slavery is actually happening online . So if we can motivate people while they are online to do something about that , then we can make a dent . " Furthermore , Kutcher urged people to visit sites such as Craigslist and flag pages that appear to be about child trafficking . "  People can start to actually un-root this at its root , " said Kutcher , who urged people to go to Facebook.com / TheDNAfoundation , put themselves in a video , share that video with friends and go to the action tab where the foundation outlines online initiatives . "  We want the social web to become the police for human trafficking online , " Kutcher told Morgan . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	The Demi and Ashton Foundation  DNA  raises awareness about child sex slavery The couple launched DNA after meeting a girl who was trafficked into the U.S. from Mexico Demi Moore : "  Most people are n't even aware of what 's going on " Also check out The CNN Freedom Project : Ending Modern-Day Slavery
Atlanta  CNN  -- The former stepson of singer Usher Raymond has died after more than two weeks in the hospital following a boating accident on a Georgia lake , sources close to the family said Saturday . Kile Glover , 11 , was riding with a 15-year-old girl on an inner tube that was being pulled by a pontoon boat in Lake Lanier July 6 when a personal watercraft crashed into the children , according to an accident report from the Georgia Department of Natural Resources  DNR  . Kile suffered a serious head injury and was flown by helicopter to Children 's Healthcare at Egleston in Atlanta . Prayers for Usher 's stepson He died of heart failure Saturday , the sources said , disputing other reports that the child was taken off life support . Jeffrey Hubbard , a 38-year-old Atlanta man , was driving the personal watercraft , the investigation report said . Investigators concluded that alcohol was not involved in the incident . CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB , citing the DNR , reported that Hubbard and the children were part of the same group on a lake outing . The boy 's mother , Tameka Raymond , was married to Usher for two years . They have two children together , ages 3 and 4 . They divorced in 2009 . Kile 's father is Ryan Glover , the president of Bounce TV , a fledgling television network targeting African-American audiences . He is also a former executive with Turner Broadcasting , the parent company of CNN . Tameka Raymond on life after Usher CNN 's Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	Kile Glover , 11 , died of heart failure , sources close to the family say He was on an inner tube that was struck by a personal watercraft on July 6 He had been receiving treatment for a serious head injury
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal completed a perfect sweep of his matches in Group A of the ATP World Tour Finals by beating Tomas Berdych Friday -- his victory enabling a grateful Stanislas Wawrinka to accompany him into the semifinals in London . Wawrinka and his supporters breathed a sigh of relief after Nadal wrapped up a 6-4 1-6 6-3 victory over his Czech opponent to go through as group winner . The match had been in the balance when Berdych hit back to level at one set all with a display of power tennis that had the top seed wobbling , but he could not sustain the effort . Nadal , who has never won the end of season showpiece , waited until the eighth game of the decider to make the breakthrough , taking advantage of two double faults by fifth seed Berdych . He then served out for victory , completed with a flashing forehand winner and customary fist pump . Nadal was also fully aware he had done Swiss star Wawrinka , who is making his debut in the finals , a big favor . "  I have a great relationship with him , so I 'm happy for Stan , sorry for Thomas , " Nadal said . "  Before the match Stan came to the locker room and told me ` come on ' , " he revealed . Wawrinka , who would have been on the edge of the seat as Berdych made his move , tweeted : Vamooooos !!! Next diner is for me @RafaelNadal !! Good job !! He had earlier battled past Nadal 's compatriot David Ferrer in a thrilling afternoon match at the O2 Arena . Wawrinka , who beat Berdych in his opening match before losing to Nadal , raced into a 5-2 lead in the opener before Ferrer battled back to force a tiebreaker , which he took 7-3 . But Wawrinka hit back to level the second set with a single break and then dominated the decider with two further breaks , sealing a 6-7 6-4 6-1 victory . Saturday will see Group B decided with Roger Federer taking on Juan Martin Del Potro to decide who goes through to the last four with defending champion Novak Djokovic . The Serb plays Richard Gasquet , who has already been eliminated .	Stanislas Wawrinka qualifies for semifinals at ATP World Tour semifinals Beats David Ferrer in three sets in Group A Rafael Nadal 's win over Tomas Berdych seals Wawrinka 's passage No. 1 Nadal has to battle past Berdych in three sets
CNN  -- Since taking the helm of Yahoo after years in Google 's upper echelon , Marissa Mayer has been at the center of plenty of talk not focused on turning around the once-mighty Web giant . As Silicon Valley 's most prominent woman , her appearance , her motherhood and the way her policies will affect female employees have all , fairly or not , been the subject of spirited discussion . Now , a two-page photo spread in September 's Vogue magazine has them talking again . In the photo , Mayer lies upside-down on a backyard lounge chair , wearing a blue Michael Kors dress . Her blond hair fans out at the foot of the chair , her Yves Saint Laurent stiletto heels point toward the top and she holds a tablet computer featuring a stylized image of her face . In the minds of some , that single image is enough to undo a 3,000-word article -- the first in-depth interview Mayer has granted since taking the reins at Yahoo -- that focuses on her successes and vision in a male-dominated tech world . "  Nothing says , ` I 'm a powerful woman ' like a photo of you upside down on a weird couch , " Stan Horaczek , an editor at Popular Photography , said on Twitter . "  Nice work , Vogue . " "  Being equal means you can be  feminine  AND smart , " wrote online business consultant Angie McKaig . "  However , still wincing over Marissa Mayer all stretched out for Vogue . " Some people focused less on the photo and main article than they did on what they deemed a questionable sidebar piece titled "  What Would Marissa Mayer Wear ? : A Workweek Guide to Office Dressing . " "  Marissa Mayer 's ascent up the corporate ladder and to the top of the tech world are enough to make her the mentor every working woman wants , " the piece reads . "  But her uncanny ability to perfectly answer that age-old fashion question : What is work-appropriate ? is equally worth emulating . " It follows with a five-panel slideshow of outfits presumably inspired by Mayer . "  Oy ... " read the one-sound review of Slate economics reporter Matt Yglesias on Twitter . Mayer has made no secret of her love for design and fashion . The article , in which writer and Slate Group editor-in-chief Jacob Weisberg calls her an "  unusually stylish geek , " is her second appearance in Vogue , following a 2009 feature when she was one of Google 's top leaders . READ : How Marissa Mayer makes her own rules Much of the online response on Monday , the first day other publications could run the image , remained focused on the article itself , with much of it praising Mayer and the steps she has taken to begin a turnaround at a once-faltering Yahoo . Others said the photo , like it or not , should n't take away from the overall look at Mayer 's life and career . Anna Holmes , founder of women 's website Jezebel , argued in a column for Time that "  women who hold any position of authority get it coming and going " when it comes to their appearance . Ignore it ? You lack self-respect . Focus on it ? You 're superficial . If anything , she writes , Mayer 's photo and other recent debates "  make me yearn for a time when female competence in one area is not undermined by enthusiasm for another -- in which women in positions of power are so commonplace that we do not feel compelled to divine motive or find symbolism in every remark they make , corporate policy they enact or fashion spread they pose for . " In the article , in which Mayer reveals a fondness for even numbers , cashmere boleros , pineapple milkshakes and Candy Crush , she also provides insight into her first year at Yahoo 's helm . Who works from home and how they do it On her vision for Yahoo : "  Close your eyes and listen to this list . E-mail , maps , weather , news , stock quotes , share photos , group communication , sport scores , games . You 're listening to what people do on their mobile phones . And it sounds like a list of what Yahoo does . " On buying blogging site Tumblr : "  I 've done now between three and four dozen acquisitions in my career ... and I 've never seen this kind of lock-and-key fit between two companies . Our demographic is older . Theirs is the youngest on the Web . " On her controversial move to end work-from-home at Yahoo :  In a conversation with Web investor and pioneer Esther Dyson  "  Mayer elaborates , a little defensively , on her reasons for the change . She never meant it as any kind of larger statement about society , but simply as the right decision for Yahoo , where by various accounts working from home often meant hardly working . Teams are happier now that absent participants do n't teleconference in for meetings . Messages on Yahoo 's ` devel-random ' e-mail list , the company 's informal forum , have lately turned positive . And in perhaps the clearest sign of support , employees have , she tells Dyson , ` stopped leaking my e-mails ' to the press . " On getting ahead in Silicon Valley : "  I did n't set out to be at the top of technology companies . I 'm just geeky and shy and I like to code . ... It 's not like I had a grand plan where I weighed all the pros and cons of what I wanted to doâ $ " it just sort of happened . "	Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is the subject of a 3,000-word profile in Vogue She poses prone on a chaise lounge in a designer dress and heels Some find the image inappropriate for a CEO Defenders say women 's interests should n't undermine their work
CNN  -- Sales of Michael Jackson 's albums have gone through the roof since the news of his death . Michael Jackson 's albums took the top 15 slots on Amazon.com 's top 50 album downloads . On Friday , the late singer was enjoying the commercial revival that had been eluding him in recent years , due to a lack of new material and public interest . Michael Jackson albums took top 15 slots on Amazon.com top 50 album downloads . The story was the same on iTunes where the late singer 's albums dominated seven out of the ten top slots on the site . The 25th anniversary reissue of Jackson 's 1982 album , "  Thriller , " which is the top selling album of all time , is at the top spot on Amazon.com . It was followed by a special reissue of 1979 album "  Off the Wall " and 1987 album "  Bad . " His last studio album "  Invincible , " which he released in 2001 came in at number 10 , perhaps reflecting the public 's preference for Jackson 's earlier work . On European online music retailer Play.com sales of Jackson 's 10 most popular albums increased by a staggering 7,860 percent . Meanwhile , searches on Michael Jackson are up 8,900 percent and total downloads on the site have increased 5,167 percent . The public 's unprecedented rush to buy Jackson 's albums has been likened to the the reaction when other music icons like Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra died . "  There are an awful lot of people that think his contribution to music was huge , and as an artist he was so talented -- even though he was such a complicated artist , particularly towards the end of his life , " Stuart Rowe Chief Operating Officer of Play.com told CNN . "  People want some kind of memento . They want to appreciate and listen to his music again , and mark his passing by listening to it all again . " According to Rowe because of their quality , many of Jackson 's albums are perennial bestsellers , and while there was also some increase in interest in his music because of his sold out 50-date London tour which was scheduled to kick off in mid-July . "  But nothing like the effect of the news , " said . "  It 's taken this for his music to be brought to a whole new generation of people . " Five of Jackson 's solo albums -- "  Off the Wall , " "  Thriller , " "  Bad , " "  Dangerous " and "  HIStory , " are among the top-sellers of all time , according to Jackson 's label Sony Music . During his career , Jackson sold an estimated 750 million records worldwide , released 13 No. 1 singles . "  There 's the whole sort of grieving of a superstar which the general public will go through worldwide , " said Rowe . "  You will hear a lot more Michael Jackson being played over the next few weeks . "	Michael Jackson albums dominate bestseller charts on Amazon.com , iTunes Online retailer Play.com reported Jackson album sales increased by 7,860 percent Five of Jackson 's solo albums are among the top-sellers of all time Play.com : Fans want to mark his passing by listening to all his music again
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Climate change is happening faster than previously predicted according to a new World Wildlife Fund report . The WWF say climate change threat has worsened in the 15 months since the IPCC last reported . Bringing together some of the most recent scientific reports and data , "  Climate change : faster , stronger , sooner " reveals that global warming is accelerating more rapidly than the predictions made in the IPCC 's Fourth Assessment Report published in 2007 . One of the most concerning aspects of recent data is evidence that , in some places , the Arctic Ocean is losing sea ice 30 years ahead of current IPCC predictions . Summer sea ice is now forecasted to completely disappear in the summer months sometime between 2013 and 2040 -- something which has n't happened for over a million years . The report 's author , geoscientist Dr Tina Tin told CNN : "  Arctic sea ice is melting much faster than everybody had been expecting . Why ? Well , maybe it 's because the positive feedback mechanisms have kicked in much quicker than we have been able to quantify . " Positive feedback mechanisms amplify changes occurring in the climate . In the case of the Arctic region there is a sort of vicious circle of warming occurring . White ice sheets perform an important function in moderating global temperature by reflecting heat from the sun back into space . But they have begun to melt as the earth has warmed . The result is more dark sea water which absorbs heat , which in turn warms the earth more and encourages further melting . Globally , sea levels are now expected to rise more than double the IPCC 's most recent forecast of 0.59 meters before the end of the century . This will put millions of people in coastal regions at risk . World food production is also feeling the heat as yields of wheat , maize and barley had dwindled in recent months . In Europe , ecosystems in the North and Baltic Sea are believed to be experiencing their warmest temperatures since records began . And the Mediterranean is likely to experience an increased frequency of droughts . The WWF report also highlights a 2007 study conducted by the British Antarctic Survey . "  Widespread acceleration of tidewater glaciers on the Antarctic Peninsula " concluded that floating tide-water glaciers on the peninsula are losing ice faster and making a greater contribution to global sea level rise than was previously thought . Earlier this month , the WWF highlighted the impact that global warming is likely to have on Antarctic penguin colonies . According to Dr Tin , more Antarctic data is due to be published next year when the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research publish their findings . Scheduled for release in spring 2009 the "  Antarctic Climate Change and the Environment " is expected to reveal more evidence of damaging climate effects on the continent . While Dr Tin says that it is true that parts of the Antarctic are not warming or perhaps even cooling , the Western Antarctic Peninsula has experienced some of the most rapid increases in warming . "  Over the past 50 years , it has warmed more than four times faster than the average rate of Earth 's overall warming , " Dr Tin said . But Dr Tin remains unsure whether this most recent climate data represents the beginning of a tipping point . "  We think there are possibly tipping points ahead and some scientists , in terms of the Arctic sea ice , think we have probably gone past the tipping point . But it 's very difficult to get a strong handle on , " she said . Nevertheless , she describes her report as a "  sobering overview " which "  comes at a critical time during the political negotiations of the European Union 's climate and energy package " . Newly elected Vice Chair of the IPCC and climate scientist , Jean-Pascal van Ypersele endorsed the WWF publication . "  It is clear that climate change is already having a greater impact than most scientists had anticipated , so it 's vital that international mitigation and adaptation responses become swifter and more ambitious , " van Ypersele said .	World Wildlife Fund report says climate change is happening faster than predicted Dr Tina Tin : "  Arctic sea ice melting much faster than everybody had been expecting " IPCC Vice Chair : "  climate change is already having a greater impact than predicted "
The Italian broadcaster Rai recently aired a piece of nostalgia that would have brought a tear to the eye of many Serie A fans . It was a 1991 league game between AC Milan and Sampdoria . Onto the pitch at Milan 's imposing San Siro stadium strode a galaxy of stars , with the likes of Ruud Gullit , Roberto Mancini , Marco Van Basten , Gianluca Vialli and Attilio Lombardo strutting their stuff . It was a glimpse back to a golden age . This was an era of almost fantasy football -- competitive , technical , flamboyant , creative -- and Italy basked in the knowledge that its top division was the envy of the world . Ironically it was Serie A , and the Italia 90 World Cup , that played a key role in the resurgence of England 's now all-conquering Premier League . In 1991 English football was still grappling with the aftermath of the Heysel and Hillsborough disasters and many games were played in comparatively dilapidated stadiums under hooliganism 's shadow . Serie A , with its foreign stars and newly-renovated arenas , presented a seductive model to follow . Fast forward 22 years and things appear to have changed completely . Serie A seems not only to have fallen behind the English Premier League and Spain 's La Liga , but also Germany 's Bundesliga and Italy 's latest usurpers , France 's Ligue 1 . Drained of its international talent , plagued by corruption scandals and racism controversies , and struggling to update its creaking infrastructure , the once mighty Serie A looks a pale imitation of its former self . Historian John Foot , author of the authoritative "  Calcio , A History of Italian Football " , has observed the Italian game 's descent from its 90s peak , and laments its self-inflicted decline . "  They had a golden goose in the 90s and they killed it , which is incredible really , " Foot told CNN . Part of Serie A 's financial malaise comes from the way the league 's television rights have been sold . While the English Premier League 's TV deals swelled its teams ' coffers , Italy instead split the rights among individual clubs . "  The way the league has previously been packaged on television has been disastrous , " says Foot , "  with clubs acting purely in their own interests . " Back in the early 90s , UK football fans , relatively starved of football on TV , consumed the freshly aired Italian football product with enthusiasm . The standard bearer for Serie A on British television was broadcaster James Richardson , who can see some signs of positive change in an Italian game that has long been in the doldrums . "  You can see progress " , he says , "  and there 's definitely a sense that Serie A is moving forward ; the problem is that it 's moving fairly slowly . " Richardson 's enthusiasm for the Italian game remains strong , but he points to the pace of change in other leagues as a cause for concern . "  You have to view Serie A 's progress in context , " he continued . "  The thing is that there has been an explosion of money in other leagues . "  The Premier League , the Bundesliga and now France have taken things to another level in that respect , so even though Serie A is improving too , the gap is actually widening . There are positives , but they 're positives in a provincial sense . " He also points out Italy lost its fourth Champions League spot -- only three Italian clubs currently qualify for Europe 's premier competition , though ironically Juventus earned the most revenue in last season 's tournament , surpassing even winners Bayern Munich . "  That was a huge financial blow , and you can see its effect on the second tier of Serie A clubs , " noted Richardson . Italy 's "  Old Lady " Interestingly , a beacon of hope for the league is actually the club that suffered most from the fall-out of 2006 's Calciopoli scandal . Juve was heavily censured by the authorities at the time , but has since undergone a remarkable renaissance , culminating in the construction of an impressive new stadium -- the only club-owned facility in Serie A . That revival saw Juve reach the Champions Leauge quarterfinals and also become the first to go unbeaten in Serie A 's new 38-game format . Foot says that the club , known in Italy as "  The Old Lady , " has shown others the way forward . "  Juve 's success , and their new stadium , has given others a model they can aspire to , " he said . "  You have to give credit to the way they 've turned things around -- they were in disarray  after 2006  but they 've managed to build a new stadium and a very impressive new team in an incredibly short space of time . " Aside from its obvious commercial advantages , Richardson also believes the new stadium has helped Juve on the pitch . "  It has had a huge benefit in terms of revenue , but actually people overlook its impact on atmosphere , " he said . "  That may well have had a positive effect on their performances on the pitch . Other clubs can really see that . " In fact , several are already taking steps to follow the Juve model , with Roma , Lazio and Sampdoria all tabling proposals for new stadiums , and Inter exploring the idea of moving away from the San Siro . Of course , this being Italy , these proposals are fraught with complexity . "  It is hard to get things done in Italy , especially in the big cities , " explains Foot . "  You need the support of local government and it gets very complicated . The problem is always local politics . The new stadium proposals in Rome and Milan will be difficult to realize because of that . I 'm not sure I can see them happening any time soon . "  It may be easier in the smaller cities though , so perhaps in somewhere like Genoa  home of Sampdoria  there 's a better chance . " Stamping out racism The most public problem Serie A has faced in recent months has been the issue of racism , but to the credit of the league , it appears determined to stamp this out . Most recently , Lazio has seen its famous Curva Nord  the section of the stadium occupied by its hardcore Ultras  closed by the authorities . "  Shutting the Curva is a huge step , " said Foot . "  These fans live for that , it 's everything to them , so it 's really hitting them where it hurts . " As this most beautiful and cultured of countries readies itself for a new football campaign , there are other indications that Serie A might finally be getting back on track to compete with Europe 's big leagues . "  The stadiums , the fans , the racism issue -- all that needs sorting , " adds Foot , "  but there are signs that is starting to happen . "  The crucial thing is the way the league is marketed ; marketing Serie A as a package , which focuses on the whole league , not just the big teams , has to be the way to drive success . " The latest TV deal may not be as lucrative as that of England 's Premier League , but it is at least far more equitable . "  Serie A has finally got its act together on TV rights , " says Foot , "  and you can also see clubs like Napoli and Udinese investing their money wisely or making long-terms plans . " Indeed , Napoli have caught the eye this transfer window , and appear ready to put up a serious fight for the Scudetto , not least because of their military style new away kit . The departure of Edinson Cavani to Paris Saint-Germain has been offset with some interesting arrivals , particularly Gonzalo Higuain from Real Madrid , for whose signature Napoli resisted competition from Arsenal , and the experienced manager Rafael Benitez . The comparative lack of cash in the Italian game has had one positive knock-on effect , however -- the development of young players . "  There are so many technically gifted , very talented young Italian players in Serie A now , " says Foot , "  which is the opposite to what 's going on with English players in the Premier League . "  You can see the benefit of that in the Italian national side , which is very strong and will definitely be challenging for honors at the World Cup . " Italy also continues to be a production line for managers , with many -- such as Carlo Ancelotti and Gianfranco Zola -- plying their trade successfully outside Italy , but plenty more are coming through the ranks . "  They are always hugely knowledgeable about the game and highly technical " , says Foot . Richardson also points to a new more attacking outlook that has taken hold , consigning the cliche of defensive "  Catenaccio " to history . "  There are managers in Serie A with much more attacking philosophies now , " enthuses Richardson . "  Rudi Garcia  who has joined Roma from Lille  is another one in that mold . There 's also a commitment to good technical football and tactical excellence that marks the league out . " While many European leagues have become rather predictable , Serie A also appears to be regaining its competitive edge . In the 90s the Italian league boasted seven teams that would routinely challenge for the title , known as "  Le Sette Sorelle , " or "  The Seven Sisters " -- Milan , Inter , Juve , Roma , Lazio , Parma , and Fiorentina . Richardson can see the coming years being similarly open . "  We might not be quite back to those days yet , " he says , "  but you can make a case that we 're getting there -- with Napoli and Udinese perhaps replacing Lazio and Parma . "  That makes the league really open , and arguably a lot more exciting than say Spain , or even Germany . " As for this year 's competition , Juve -- who have added Carlos Tevez and Fernando Llorente to their attacking armory -- are firm favorites , but other teams will certainly be interesting to watch . "  Inter may have a long hard season ahead of them ; the new ownership there has pulled the handbrake on transfers at a time when they really need investment , " says Richardson , " but Napoli are very interesting , and there 's a lot of potential at Milan . "  They have some good young players and the return of Nigel De Jong will help shore them up defensively . "  Fiorentina have a really talented and exciting midfield , and Mario Gomez is potentially a fantastic asset to add to that , not to mention the return of Giuseppe Rossi . Those two could make them pretty formidable going forward . " The days of Serie A sitting at the pinnacle of European football may be in the past , but it is clear that reports of its death have been exaggerated . With its mix of youth , new signings , unrivaled technical ability and the inevitable soap opera off the pitch , we could instead be in for a vintage season of Italian football .	Italy 's Serie A kicks off on Saturday Champions Juventus away at Sampdoria on season 's opening day Italian football has suffered number of problems in recent years Authorities have struggled in fight against racism
EW.com  -- In animation , the next best thing to a grand vision is crack comic timing . The third chapter in the saga of Alex the lion  Ben Stiller  and his Central Park Zoo pals â $ " now nostalgic for New York after their foray into Africa â $ " has timing up the wazoo . It 's there in a  literally  over-the-top chase through the skies of Monte Carlo , in the grouchy fun of a troupe of Euro circus animals our heroes hook up with , and in bits like Marty the zebra  Chris Rock  singing a circus jingle inspired by his psychedelic Afro wig . The story in "  Madagascar 3 : Europe 's Most Wanted " is functional , but the antically civilized spirit is infectious . B + See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Madagascar 3 " follows Alex the lion  Ben Stiller  and his Central Park Zoo pals They are now nostalgic for New York after their foray into Africa Our heroes hook up with a troupe of Euro circus animals
CNN  -- An e-mail exchange released by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker 's office on Tuesday has revealed a series of potential Republican concessions to a three-week standoff over a budget bill that would restrict the collective bargaining rights of most public workers . The e-mails show a discussion between Walker 's deputy chief of staff , Eric Schutt , and Democratic state Sens. Tim Cullen and Bob Jauch in a correspondence that reveals offers and counter-offers between two sides who have remained at an impasse since mid-February . Walker 's initial proposal -- which passed the state 's assembly on Friday and would exclude police and firefighters -- requires public workers to contribute more to their pension and health care plans , while prohibiting collection of union dues . It would also restrict the collective bargaining power of public-sector unions to be limited to wages , and would be capped to the rate of inflation . Pay raises beyond the inflation index would require a voter referendum . The original bill would also restrict contracts and would mandate annual votes for unions to keep their certification . But in this latest e-mail exchange , dated Sunday , March 6 , Walker appears willing to take steps that would curtail the proposal . According to the e-mail , the changes would : -- Allow unions to bargain for wages beyond inflation rates , without a mandatory voter referendum . -- Permit collective bargaining on certain economic issues , including mandatory overtime , performance bonuses , hazardous duty pay , calendar and classroom size , as well as certification or license payment . Unions and public employers would be required to define the parameters of the negotiations in each case . -- Allow public workers at the University of Wisconsin Hospital and Clinics Authority to keep their collective bargaining rights . -- Permit public workers to collectively bargain workplace safety issues , while restricting workers from negotiating hours , overtime , sick or family leave , work breaks and vacation . -- Limit collective bargaining agreements to one or two years . -- Require unions to register less than one year after the bill is signed into law , and compel their registration every three years to stay active . The original measure would mandate annual certification . The modifications do not address Walker prohibiting unions from collecting dues , often considered a sticking point in negotiations . Later Tuesday evening , Democratic lawmakers offered an "  alternative adjustment bill " in an open letter to Walker and Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald , identifying three areas where the Wisconsin state budget is facing shortfalls : medical assistance , public defender , private bar and the Department of Corrections . "  Recent reports made it clear that Wisconsin is not ` broke , ' as you claim , " the statement said , referencing Walker 's earlier speeches . The Democratic proposal requires "  the same level of contributions for pension and health care that Gov. Walker proposed " and would "  maintain provisions to restructure Wisconsin 's debt , freeing $ 165 million to be used to cover shortfalls in the current biennium , " according to the statement . The statement did not offer specifics in covering the shortfalls . On Monday , Walker dismissed as "  ridiculous " a letter from a Democratic state Senate leader , who suggested meeting near the Wisconsin-Illinois border to discuss the budget impasse . Fourteen Democratic senators left Wisconsin for Illinois on February 17 to prevent a vote on a budget bill that ignited fierce opposition from labor leaders and their supporters . Last week , the Senate 's Republican majority approved a resolution charging their Democratic colleagues $ 100 fines daily until they return . On Friday , Walker 's office issued notices to unions , warning them of possible layoffs in early April if the budget battle continues . Wisconsin is confronted with a looming $ 137 million shortfall at the end of the fiscal year , June 30 , and faces a $ 3.6 billion budget gap by 2013 . CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report	E-mail exchange released by governor 's office reveal a series of potential concessions Walker 's deputy and Democratic state senators discussed possibilities Democrats issue "  alternative adjustment " in open letter Wisconsin is confronted with a looming $ 137 million shortfall at the end of the fiscal year
CNN  -- The implementation of the Affordable Care Act is not going well . First , the volume of people showing up to HealthCare.gov on October 1 completely crashed the site . Then , it turned out the data being passed up and back was completely corrupt . Then , millions of Americans began discovering that plans they "  liked " were being canceled , and they were being told it was because of the Affordable Care Act . President Obama announced an administrative fix to this problem on Thursday : an extension that allows insurers to keep people on health care plans that the Affordable Health Care act would not have allowed . The cancellations had posed a real problem for the Obama administration , because they flew in the face of what many believe is a core promise of health care reform : that you could keep your policy if you liked it . Millions are finding out this is n't true . Those of us who have been in the weeds of health policy have known this for a long time . Most Americans did not . The Affordable Care Act changes the way insurance is regulated . It declares that many services are now mandatory . This included a lot of preventive care , as well as maternity care . Any policies that do n't provide these services will no longer be offered . Other policies had very low annual or lifetime limits . These , too , have to go away . Anyone who had one will need to find a new policy . It 's very likely that newer policies , with more robust benefits , will be more expensive . That will make many people unhappy . We can argue that the new policies are still a good deal , or that much of that cost will be defrayed by subsidies , or that future protections to both beneficiaries and their families are worth the added cost , but that 's somewhat beside the point . Many people feel like they were told they could keep their insurance , and now they think they have been lied to . Obama knows the law is in trouble . Many Democrats feel like they took hard votes and stuck their necks out to support the law , and now that there 's a perception that the executive branch has dropped the ball , their support is not as strong . There are a number of bills and fixes being debated . That wo n't be easy , though . That 's in part because no insurance plan sticks around forever . Plans change from year to year , premiums change from year to year , coverage changes from year to year , and deductibles , copays , and co-insurance change from year to year . They always have . It has never been the case that you could be guaranteed that your plan would exist -- as it does today -- for as long as you would like . I 've had plans I 've liked canceled many times in my 10 years working at my current job . One bill being put forth in the House would allow insurers to continue to offer plans that have been discontinued due to the Affordable Care Act . The problem with that is that many insurance companies do n't want to continue to offer those plans indefinitely . They do n't make sense financially . Therefore , passing this law wo n't stop millions of Americans from getting cancellation notices anyway . A different bill in the Senate would force insurance companies to continue to offer those plans or leave the state entirely . If you thought the Affordable Care Act was a government takeover before , this bill is much , much worse . It would compel insurance companies to comply with a whole new host of potentially unprofitable regulations . The truth of the matter is there is no easy solution here . Disrupting the current system is n't a bug of health care reform ; it 's a feature . It 's what was supposed to happen . All reform will do so . Even Republican proposals , like Sen. John McCain 's when he was running for president , to change the health insurance tax deduction , would have completely upended the employer-sponsored health insurance system . Then-Sen . Obama attacked him savagely for just that back in 2008 . It 's fine for President Clinton and others to just "  demand " this be fixed . Unfortunately , it ca n't be , at least not easily and not cheaply . Letting healthy people keep these plans  because most of those in the pre-Affordable Care Act individual market are healthier  and stay out of the exchanges will raise the premiums for everyone else , and thus the amount the government will have to pay in subsidies . Forcing insurance companies to continue to offer old plans in a new marketplace could wind up hurting their bottom line significantly . Obama 's administrative fix , much like the House bill , allow plans offered this year to remain in place if people want them . But that will just shift blame to the insurance companies when they cancel them . For many of the reasons above , they wo n't want to keep them going . The real problem here , and one that few are addressing , is that the old health care system is n't that good . We wanted to change it . Doing so means that it , well , changes . If we liked our old health care system , we could keep it . But we did n't , and so at some point we 're going to have to accept a new one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : Obama 's quick "  fix " on insurance cancellations puts off needed changes He says ACA mandates adequate care ; policies without it must go away He says "  fix " just shifts blame to the insurance companies when they cancel policies Carroll : To fix broken health care , we must accept changes . There are no easy answers
Washington  CNN  -- Unlike most issues these days that divide along party lines , the immediate fate of President Obama 's new gun proposals will depend not as much on Republicans as his fellow Democrats in the Senate . Senate Democratic leadership sources tell CNN that passing any new legislation will be extremely difficult because more than a dozen vulnerable Democrats from conservative states will probably resist much of what the president is pushing . These Democratic sources say the most likely legislation to pass will be strengthening background checks , since it is the least overt form of gun control and it also appeals to gun rights advocates ' emphasis on keeping guns away from people with mental health and criminal problems . Obama announces 23 executive actions , asks Congress to pass gun laws Although Senate Democrats like Dianne Feinstein will still make a high-profile push to renew the assault weapons ban and limit ammunition magazines to 10 rounds , senior Democratic sources say it is hard to see those measures getting enough support to pass the Democratic-led Senate . The focus is on the Senate because Senate Democratic leaders know that House Republicans will not act on anything until the Senate does . Democratic leadership sources say they intend to spend next week -- the first week the Senate is in session -- canvassing red-state Democrats to see what , if anything , is doable . Democratic senators who advocate various gun control measures will be lobbying their colleagues as well . See details of president 's proposals At a certain point , Democratic leaders will decide the best course of action , if any . Democratic leadership sources emphasize what Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said in a PBS interview in recent days : They will not vote on any legislation unless they have 60 votes , enough to break a filibuster . Democratic leadership sources say they have no intention of putting their members in a politically vulnerable position on a gun measure unless they are sure it can reach the president 's desk . In the short term , that would mean not only getting red-state Democrats on board , but at least a handful of Senate Republicans as well . There is some hope that Democrats may be able to persuade GOP Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois , a moderate , to help shape bipartisan legislation that can pass .	Vulnerable Democrats from conservative states might resist much of what president wants Democratic sources : Tougher background checks most likely to pass , still face uphill climbÂ Senate Democratic leaders say House Republicans will not act on anything until Senate does Senate Democrats aim to recruit red-state Democrats and a handful of Senate Republicans
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli security officials on Tuesday started the process of evacuating some 150 Jewish residents from their homes at the West Bank settlement of Beit El . The Israeli government vowed to evacuate the Ulpana neighborhood by July 1 after the Israeli Supreme Court ruled last year that the settlers ' houses were built on privately owned Palestinian land . Fifteen of the neighborhood 's 30 families were moved to a nearby temporary neighborhood . The evacuation process is due to be completed by the end of this week , the Israeli Defense Ministry said . The decision to go ahead with the move was initially met with fierce resistance from the settler movement . Earlier this month a West Bank mosque was vandalized and partially set on fire . Graffiti sprayed outside the walls of the mosque read "  Ulpana War " and "  Price Tag . " "  Price tag " is a term frequently used by radical Israeli settlers to denote reprisal attacks against Palestinians in response to moves by the Israeli government to evacuate illegal West Bank outposts , or as retribution for attacks by Palestinians . Three weeks ago , residents of the settlement set off on a two-day march from the controversial neighborhood to the Israeli Knesset parliamentary building in Jerusalem and called for a bill which would bypass the court 's decision and legalize their homes . In an effort to satisfy the settlement residents , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced a plan to build 300 new housing units in a separate area of Beit El . Following negotiations with the Israeli government , the residents eventually agreed to leave their homes without resistance . An additional 550 units are to be built in other settlements in the West Bank . Harbi Ibrahim Mustafa Hassan , the Palestinian owner of the land , told CNN he was extremely moved by the decision of the Israeli court : "  I felt very excited , just like finding a few million dollars on the street . The land for me was almost lost . My lawyers were very faithful and encouraged us to keep going . It took five years to get our land back . " Hassan said he did feel sympathy for the settlers as well . "  As a human being I feel sorry for them , but they have done something wrong . You talk about democracy , right ? The right of ownership is a principle in democracy , the right of speech is a principle in democracy , and this is my land . " Josh Hantman , a spokesman for the Israeli Ministry of Defense , told CNN the deal with the settlers was reached through great effort and numerous coordinations with the leaders of the local community . "  We believe that preparation is paying off . It is a delicate , sensitive and complicated relocation process . However the courts have spoken and the Ministry of Defense is committed to upholding the rule of law . " The highly contentious issue of Israeli construction in the West Bank and East Jerusalem -- land the Palestinians seek for a future state -- is one of the main sticking points preventing the resumption of negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians .	Israeli government says settlers will be gone by Sunday from an area in Beit El Israel 's Supreme Court ruled last year their homes were built on privately owned Palestinian land Settlers ' anger eased when Israel announced plans for new housing in another part of Beit El The Palestinian who owns the land says he 's thrilled at the Israeli court 's decision
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Prosecutors likely would have sought the death penalty against a researcher who killed himself after learning he was going to be charged in the 2001 anthrax killings , two sources told CNN on Friday . Former U.S. Army researcher Bruce Ivins was found unconscious in his Frederick , Maryland , home on Sunday . Three sources familiar with the investigation said the case soon will be closed because a threat no longer exists . No information has been made public about what charges were planned . Authorities had been investigating Bruce Ivins , 62 , a former researcher at the Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases , a bioweapons laboratory at Fort Detrick , Maryland , according to the sources , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation is still officially open . Ivins had been working at Fort Detrick trying to develop a vaccine against the deadly anthrax toxin . A U.S. official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Friday that authorities were looking at whether Ivins released anthrax as a way to test his vaccine . A spokesman for Maryland 's medical examiner told CNN Friday the official cause of Ivins ' death on Tuesday was suicide . One of CNN 's sources said Ivins knew he was about to be charged . The medical examiner 's spokesman said he could not confirm a report in the Los Angeles Times that Ivins had taken Tylenol mixed with codeine . The Times first reported Ivins ' death on its Web site early Friday . Watch what 's known so far about case against Ivins " Ivins ' attorney said Friday his client was innocent of the anthrax deaths , and said he is disappointed that he "  will not have the opportunity to defend his good name . " In a written statement , attorney Paul Kemp said his firm had represented Ivins for more than a year . "  The relentless pressure of accusation and innuendo takes its toll in different ways on different people , as has already been seen in this investigation . In Dr. Ivins ' case , it led to his untimely death . We ask that the media respect the privacy of his family , and allow them to grieve . " The anthrax mailings , which killed five people , shook the nation just weeks after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . There have been no arrests in the case , which started after someone sent letters laced with spores of deadly anthrax to congressional offices and several news organizations . Among those who died were two postal workers . Two contaminated letters were sent to senators , exposing 30 staffers . Read more on the health risks of anthrax A spokesman for the Frederick County , Maryland , Fire and Rescue Service told CNN that someone called the 911 center at 1:08 a.m. Sunday to report an unconscious person at a home at 622 Military Road . Frederick Police Capt. Kevin Grubb said Ivins was found unresponsive on the floor of a bathroom . He was taken to Frederick Memorial Hospital . Ivins ' modest two-story home is located across from Fort Detrick . Court documents show that a judge issued a restraining order against Ivins on July 24 , days before his suicide . A woman sought the order against "  Dr. Bruce Edward Ivins , " whom she accused of making threats of violence , harassment and stalking in the previous 30 days . In the order , Ivins is told not to contact the woman -- whom CNN is not identifying -- by telephone or other means , and to stay away from her place of employment . A hearing on the order had been scheduled for Thursday , and according to court documents , she had been subpoenaed to testify before a federal grand jury in Washington on Friday . John Ezzell , former chief of special pathogens at Fort Detrick , said he was involved in hiring Ivins , who worked at the facility for years before retiring in 2006 . He declined to describe Ivins ' exact job responsibilities , but said , "  He was an interesting character . " Ezzell said Ivins was the one who examined an anthrax-laced letter that was sent to Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , in November 2001 . The envelope , which was opened in the lab , contained 23,000 anthrax spores and was postmarked October 9 in Trenton , New Jersey . Ivins ' brother , Tom , said the FBI questioned him about his brother about a year and a half ago . Investigators "  asked you about your personal life , how you got along with your brothers when you grew up , " he said . Watch as Tom Ivins talks about his brother " "  They said they were investigating him when they talked to me , " said Tom Ivins , who said he was not close to his brother and never spoke to him about the anthrax investigation . "  I stay away from him , " he said . An FBI spokeswoman declined to comment about Ivins on Friday . A Justice Department spokesman could not be reached for comment . The FBI had traced the anthrax used in the attacks to the lab , the U.S. Army Medical Institute of Infectious Diseases , one of CNN 's sources said . CNN has been told by a source familiar with the investigation that new technology helped in the breakthrough . A separate source , a U.S. official familiar with the investigation , told CNN that a genetic technology aided in the investigation and identification of the anthrax used in the attacks and led investigators back to the Ft. Detrick lab . Fort Detrick issued a statement mourning the death of Ivins , who worked at the U.S. Army Medical Institute of Infectious Diseases for more than 35 years as a civilian microbiologist . "  In addition to his long and faithful government service , Bruce contributed to our community as a Red Cross volunteer with the Frederick County chapter . We will miss him very much , " the statement said . Ivins had been questioned previously by the FBI , as had many scientists assisting the FBI , the source said . Investigators believed the culprit might be a scientist because of the amount of knowledge needed to process the anthrax . FBI Director Robert Mueller told CNN in July that "  there have been breakthroughs " in the investigation and he was confident it would be resolved . Watch Mueller discuss "  breakthroughs " in anthrax case " "  We 've made great progress in the investigation and it 's in no way dormant , " Mueller said . "  I 'm confident in the course of the investigation , I 'm confident of the steps that have been taken in the course of the investigation , and I 'm confident that it will be resolved . " Early in the investigation , Attorney General John Ashcroft publicly identified a "  person of interest " in the anthrax case -- Steven Hatfill , a former civilian researcher on anthrax . Hatfill and Ivins both worked at the bioweapons lab at Fort Detrick . Hatfill was not charged and strongly denied involvement . He sued the Justice Department , claiming his privacy rights were violated when his name was leaked to the media in connection with the ongoing federal investigation into the biological attacks . Watch Hatfill deny involvement in anthrax case " The Justice Department reached a settlement with Hatfill in June . He is to receive a one-time payment of $ 2.8 million and $ 150,000 a year for life . CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Kelli Arena and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. official : We were looking at whether Ivins released anthrax to test vaccine Attorney says Ivins was innocent in anthrax case , pressure caused his death Suicide is official cause of death for Bruce Ivins , medical examiner says Ivins was being investigated in 2001 anthrax attacks , source says
CNN  We have all seen a great deal of hypocrisy from politicians , pundits and the like . But there 's a new king of hypocrisy : al Qaeda . On Wednesday , al Qaeda released a video featuring Nasr Ibn Ali al-Ansi , one of its top commanders in Yemen , claiming responsibility for the horrific attack last week on the offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . He gave two reasons for the attack . First , he claimed it was in revenge for Charlie Hebdo 's printing of cartoons lampooning the Prophet Mohammed . Al-Ansi then went on to state in much greater detail that the attack was in response to France and the West killing Muslims : "  We will tell you once again ... stop spilling our blood . " And then he urged Muslims across the world to "  take vengeance for Muslim blood spilled . " Well , if spilling Muslim blood is the deciding factor for us Muslims to decide who we should take vengeance against , then al-Ansi and others in al Qaeda should immediately go into hiding . Simply put , al Qaeda has been slaughtering Muslims for years . Islamic clerics , doctors , nurses , women , children , etc. -- you name any type of Muslim , and al Qaeda has butchered them . In fact , a report released in 2009 by the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point documented the people killed by al Qaeda between 2004 and 2008 . It found that only 12 % of the victims of al Qaeda were Westerners . That suggests that al Qaeda has killed seven times as many Muslims as non-Muslims . And these attacks were just the ones for which al Qaeda had publicly claimed responsibility . And since that report , al Qaeda in Yemen has engaged in even more vicious attacks on Muslims . Keep in mind that 99 % of the population of Yemen is Muslim  65 % Sunni and 35 % Shia  so with a few exceptions , virtually every person the group kills there is a Muslim . In December 2014 , for example , an al Qaeda bomb killed 15 children and 10 adults when the bus they were on was blown up by an al Qaeda car bomb intended for a competing militia leader in the area . This attack followed another in which al Qaeda sent a suicide bomber into a crowd of protesters in the nation 's capital , killing 47 people and injuring 140 . And back in December 2013 , al Qaeda launched an attack on a hospital , killing 52 people and wounding 167 with two car bombs before gruesomely shooting patients and doctors in the hospital . The list goes on , but al Qaeda is not alone in killing Muslims who stand in its way . ISIS has done the same in Iraq and Syria . A U.N. report released late last year found that ISIS had killed thousands of Muslims -- both Sunni and Shia -- between July and September of that year . This includes the slayings of three nurses in Mosul , Iraq , because they refused to provide medical care to ISIS fighters . ISIS also killed numerous Sunni imams for refusing to swear allegiance to ISIS , and beheaded another Sunni leader for refusing to support the group . And the reality is that that 's truly what al Qaeda and ISIS are about . They are not about the concept of "  submit to Islam or die , " as some have claimed . It 's submit to ISIS/al Qaeda or die . Both organizations clearly do n't care how many Muslims they kill . Yet at the same time they will both claim they are carrying out their actions in the name of Islam . In fact , al-Ansi stated in Wednesday 's video that the terrorist brothers who carried out the attack on the Charlie Hebdo officers were "  two heroes of Islam . " He could n't be more wrong . But that is n't to say there were n't heroes of Islam in Paris that day -- it 's just that they are two quite different people . Ahmed Merabet was the French police officer shot in cold blood while lying on the sidewalk by the so-called "  heroes of Islam . " As his brother stated at a press conference , Merabet was a proud Muslim who gave his life defending French values of "  liberty , equality and fraternity . " And there was Lassana Bathily , the Muslim employee at the kosher deli in Paris who reportedly saved the lives of seven Jewish patrons by helping them hide when Amedy Coulibaly entered the store with guns blazing . Bathily 's actions exemplified the famous Quranic verse , "  Whoever saves one -- it is as if he had saved mankind entirely . " Obviously , calling out the hypocrisy of al Qaeda and ISIS wo n't change these organizations ' goals -- they will continue to invoke Islam as cover for their political ambitions because it helps them entice new recruits and raise funds which are vital for their continued existence . But maybe if their hypocrisy is consistently laid bare then it might help all understand the true motivation of these terrorist groups and hopefully even give pause to any Muslims thinking of joining their un-Islamic cause . After all , al Qaeda and ISIS are n't interested in upholding the principles of Islam . They are focused only on power , however many Muslim lives they take .	Dean Obeidallah : Al Qaeda kills more Muslims than non-Muslims Al Qaeda and ISIS focused on power , not principles , he says
CNN  -- Radek Stepanek drew on his vast experience to give a tennis lesson to Serbia 's Dusan Lajovic in the deciding singles as the Czech Republic retained the Davis Cup Sunday . The 34-year-old Stepanek kept his composure in front of a partisan crowd in the Belgrade Arena to win 6-3 6-1 6-1 in one hour 52 minutes of largely one sided action . . Lajovic , a lowly 117 in the world , could not capitalize on the momentum built by Novak Djokovic , who beat Tomas Berdych in straight sets to level the tie at 2-2 ahead of the decider . . World No. 2 Djokovic , fresh from his triumph at the ATP World Tour Finals , was winning his 24th straight match since the U.S. Open , but it was all to no avail . Stepanek , who had paired with Berdych to win the crucial doubles for the reigning champions Saturday , was stunned in the very first game as he saw Lajovic break his service . But he hit back with two breaks of his own to take control and with it the first set . Three breaks of service in the second set saw him take a stranglehold on the match and the third set followed a similar pattern . Serving for the coveted team title , he made no mistake and completed victory with a decisive smash . By then many of the home crowd had departed , leaving a band of Czech supporters to celebrate their repeat success wildly . 2010 champions Serbia went into the final deprived of Janko Tipsarevic , who is injured and Viktor Troicki , serving a controversial doping ban . Djokovic sat out the doubles and despite beating Berdych 6-4 7-6 6-2 with another impressive display on indoor courts it was always likely that Lajovic 's inexperience would be exploited by the canny Stepanek . "  I do n't think words can describe it . It is completely different from the first time . To defend this trophy means the world , " Stepanek told the official Davis Cup website . . "  Playing in Serbia on their surface in front of their fans ... we made history today . " Czech captain Vladimir Safarik paid tribute to Stepanek , who was also the hero last year as he beat Spain 's Nicolas Almagro in the deciding singles of the final . "  Radek is a real professional . In the final of the fifth rubber , to win 63 61 61 is something amazing . " .	Czech Republic win Davis Cup final beating Serbia 3-2 Czechs retain the trophy they won last year Radek Stepanek wins the deciding singles Novak Djokovic had extended winning run to 24 to draw Serbia level
CNN  When a suicide bomber detonated his truck outside Forward Operating Base Marez in Iraq in 2009 , it was n't the first time that type of attack killing U.S. soldiers took place . But the bombing took a different and disturbing turn when investigators determined it was facilitated not by militants on the battlefields of Iraq but out of one man 's home just north of the United States . According to the Department of Justice , this suicide operation , which killed five U.S. soldiers and several Iraqi citizens , was orchestrated from Edmonton , Canada , by Faruq Khalil Muhammad ` Isa , a 36-year-old accused of being member of a global terrorist recruiting cell that funneled foreign fighters into Iraq . Though ` Isa was arrested in Edmonton in 2011 , where he has been detained ever since , he was extradited to the United States on Friday . And on Saturday , in a federal court in Brooklyn , New York , he entered a plea of not guilty to his alleged role in the gruesome attack . On April 10 , 2009 , a five-vehicle convoy of U.S. soldiers were exiting FOB Marez in Mosul . U.S. military personnel eyewitnesses described a dump truck coming under fire by Iraqi guards at on the road at the perimeter of the base . The truck managed to breach the checkpoint , passing four of the vehicles before detonating next to the fifth vehicle . The 60-foot-deep crater left at the blast site was about 50 yards outside of the base 's entrance . The explosion killed five U.S. soldiers : Sgt. Edward Forrest Jr. , PFC Bryce E. Gautier , Sgt. FC Bryan E. Hall , Cpl. Jason G. Pautsch and Staff Sgt. Gary L. Woods . Several Iraqi citizens were also killed . ` Isa is charged not only with the murder of these five soldiers , but also with providing material support to terrorists , as well a conspiracy to commit murder of foreign nationals abroad . The last charge stems from a multiyear investigation by Canadian , Tunisian and U.S. law enforcement using wiretaps , email surveillance and other physical evidence that places ` Isa in an integral role in what is referred to as a "  facilitation network . " Law enforcement officials say ` Isa 's role in the network included instructing prospective suicide bombers on leaving their homes without raising suspicion , figuring out the route they should take to enter Iraq and putting them in touch with Iraqi-based terrorists . In recorded phone and electronic communications with numerous co-conspirators , including would-be suicide bombers and facilitators based in Iraq , ` Isa often referred to carrying out terrorist attacks as getting "  married , " as in marriage to 70 virgins or "  farming , " because they "  plant metal and harvest metal and flesh , " according to the Justice Department 's criminal complaint . ` Isa is accused helping at least eight Tunisian foreign fighters cross into Libya , eventually making their way to Mosul , Iraq , via Syria to meet with his network of Iraqi-based facilitator contacts . The investigation , according to Justice officials , revealed that at least three of these foreign fighters carried out at least two suicide attacks . One of them was the FOB Marez attack . At least three other individuals listed as "  facilitators " were arrested in Iraq by Department of Defense officials and subsequently debriefed by the FBI , but it is unclear whether they have or will face similar charges . Court documents show ` Isa regularly checking in with the foreign fighters to find out the status of their "  marriages " -- and he even discussed his terrorist activities with his own family based in Iraq . They purport that he told his mother how effective that a sniper rife , or "  bride with a crown , " would be in Baghdad against coalition forces . And that he urged his sister to "  learn about weapons and go attack the police and Americans . " In a news release announcing ` Isa 's extradition from Canada , Assistant Attorney General John Carlin said , "  The families of these five Americans and all who have lost loved ones to act of terrorism should know that we will never cease seeking to hold terrorists accountable for their acts . "	Accused of orchestrating a deadly 2009 bombing in Iraq , Faruq Khalil Muhammad ` Isa pleads not guilty in U.S. court Authorities believe he helped set up the attack from Edmonton , Alberta , in Canada Five U.S. soldiers and several Iraqi citizens died in the suicide bombing
CNN  -- More than six weeks after Flight 370 disappeared , Malaysia 's prime minister says his government is still not prepared to declare it -- and the 239 people on board -- lost . "  At some point in time I would be , but right now I think I need to take into account the feelings of the next of kin -- and some of them have said publicly that they are n't willing to accept it until they find hard evidence , " Najib Razak told CNN 's Richard Quest in an exclusive TV interview . Still , he said , it is "  hard to imagine otherwise . " Najib also announced that his government will release a preliminary report next week on the plane 's disappearance . The report has already been submitted to the United Nations . A month ago , Najib announced that , based on satellite data from Inmarsat , investigators had determined the plane 's "  last position was in the middle of the Indian Ocean , west of Perth . This is a remote location , far from any possible landing sites . It is therefore with deep sadness and regret that I must inform you that , according to this new data , flight MH370 ended in the southern Indian Ocean . " That same day , Malaysia Airlines sent a text to relatives of the passengers saying "  we have to assume beyond any reasonable doubt that MH370 has been lost and that none of those onboard survived . " In the interview Thursday with CNN , Najib called it "  a bizarre scenario which none of us could have contemplated . " How could a plane that was supposed to head toward Beijing end up "  half-way toward Antarctica ? " he said . Najib said he repeatedly asked the investigators whether they were sure , "  and their answer to me was , ` We are as sure as we can possibly be . ' " Some relatives of those on board and analysts have criticized Malaysia 's handling of the investigation , accusing the government of hiding or poorly communicating information . Asked whether his country had bungled the search , Najib stressed that authorities had faced an "  unprecedented " situation that would have been a struggle for any country to handle . "  Some of the things , we did well . We were very focused on searching for the plane . We did n't get our communications right , absolutely right , to begin with . But I think toward the later part , we got our act together , " Najib said . "  So I 'm prepared to say that there are things we did well and things that we did n't do too well . " That 's one thing an investigation team will look at , he said . "  We 're prepared to look into it , " he said , "  and we 're prepared for this investigation team to do its objective assessment . " The night of the flight 's disappearance , a military radar picked up a plane traveling across the Malaysian Peninsula . Najib said he believes there was someone monitoring the radar , "  but the interpretation was done after the event . " It was not known whether the plane was MH370 , he said , and no planes were sent up to investigate "  because it was deemed not to be hostile . " It "  behaved like a commercial airline , following a normal flight path , " he said . The vanishing of Flight 370 is "  very , very different " from the 1997 crash of a SilkAir flight and the 2009 loss of an Air France flight , Najib added . "  This is totally unprecedented . " There have been only "  pings " and "  handshakes " to go by , he said . "  That we have analyzed . That is all we have . " Families ' next step : Demanding answers from Boeing More than 45 days into the search , here come the lawyers Flight 370 -- Families turn grief into action CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Malaysian Prime Minister : "  There are things we did well and things that we did n't do too well " "  I need to take into account the feelings of the next of kin , " PM Najib Razak says Investigators assured him of their conclusion , Najib says Najib believes someone monitored a military radar the night of the flight 's disappearance
CNN  -- Not even football - or soccer , for those in the U.S. - could stop them . While the Confederations Cup , a warm-up tournament for next year 's football World Cup , went on , hundreds of thousands of Brazilians took to the streets of Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Porto Alegre , Belo Horizonte and many other major cities in Brazil . Read more : A new age of protests In the beginning , they were few , mostly youngsters disgruntled with a 20 centavos  10 cents  rise in bus and train fares . After a violent response from the police , they were joined by Brazilians of all ages who had their own issues to shout about . Corruption , poor public services , increasing inflation , lack of security and the not-so-much-loved-anymore World Cup . At a time when Brazil was supposed to be celebrating , the streets were full of anger , chanting , confrontation with the police and destruction , produced by a minority of radical demonstrators . Watch running battles between police and protesters in Rio Why did the protests gain traction ? Tricky question , but there is one thing no-one can deny : A significant number of Brazilians are very upset with the state of the nation . The transport fare hikes were canceled on Wednesday , after local authorities in Sao Paulo and Rio agreed to a U-turn in an attempt to bring back peace and order to the streets . It is still unclear whether this will mean an end to the protests . More important than the issue , though , seems to be the timing of all this . Bus fare increases in previous years had not led to any significant popular reaction . The same movement that started this month 's protests - the Movimento Passe Livre  Free Pass Movement , or MPL  - had been active in previous years . After each announcement of a new bus fare they would go to the streets in their hundreds , sometimes only dozens , without being noticed by many . Authorities expected the same in 2013 . The latest increase , of less than 7 % , was the first in two years and below the inflation of the period . The government , the press , the police and even bystanders were taken off-guard . But , somehow , the timing was just perfect for a national revolt . Brazil protesters : World Cup only benefits outsiders That could be explained by the way we look at Brazil . In the past decade , when the country took some 30 million people out of poverty , Brazilians enjoyed looking at what the country and its people had achieved : More formal employment , more investment , more growth , greater spending power for those who had none , more security and better outlook on life . On top of that , Brazil had secured the privilege to host the two main sports events in the world - the football World Cup and the Summer  Winter in Brazil  Olympic Games - in 2014 and 2016 , respectively . Brazil just seemed to have it all . With only one caveat : It did not . When facts of life began to remind many Brazilians that their lives were not as good as the government claimed , and the football extravaganza got closer , indicating more costs for the state without apparent benefits for the people , many people began to look at their country in a different light . Instead of focusing on the achievements , they looked at what they did not have , and that view seemed to go as far as the Amazon . In 2010 , after eight years with a hugely popular president , the former metal worker Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , Brazil saw his former minister Dilma Rousseff elected as his successor . From the same leftist Workers Party  PT  , Rousseff became the first female Brazilian President . Two-and-a-half years have passed , and she is still popular among the poorest , but the recent protests were led by a different bunch : The traditional middle class . On the streets , well-educated people , from central , urban areas , shouted that they had been sold a lie . Inflation is once again a major concern , violent crime is on the rise , cases of corruption fill the press , healthcare is in a precarious state , infrastructure projects have not materialized and street traffic is depressingly worse than ever . While TV showed the inaugurations of costly , lavish football stadiums , people felt their lives were getting worse by the day . After all , the World Cup will cost the nation some $ 15 billion , and the promised legacy in infrastructure is still nowhere to be seen . Worst of all : A government accustomed to surf on its safe popularity , secured mainly by the distribution of money to the poorest , did not feel the need to listen . Rousseff 's message , in pre-recorded announcements on TV , has been that the country just could not be better . The National Congress is even more to blame , with its representatives lashed by public opinion for shocking privileges , high salaries and cases of sleaze . A survey by Datafolha institute , conducted this week in the city of Sao Paulo , shows a drastic fall in the prestige of political institutions in the past decade . Only 19 % of respondents say they hold the office of president in high regard , compared with 51 % in 2003 . The percentage of respondents who say they hold the National Congress in high regard has fallen from 30 % in 2003 , to 12 % now . Many who took to the streets in Brazil - and inspired Brazilians around the world to do the same in their adopted countries - carried banners saying : "  It is not only about R$ 0,20 . " What they meant is that the bus fare rise was perhaps the least of their concerns . Corruption , lack of accountability and a realization that many promises have not been fulfilled were what led them to the streets . The suspension of the transport fare rise may take them back to their normal lives . The issues , however , will not go away any time soon . And unless they are properly addressed , those problems can make the people march again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rogério Simões .	Simões : Brazil just seemed to have it all . With only one caveat : It did not Inflation is a major concern , violent crime is on the rise , cases of corruption fill the press Many realized that their lives were not as good as the government claimed , he says
Washington  CNN  -- Diplomatic cables expected to be released soon by WikiLeaks could contain highly sensitive information that reveals U.S. negotiating positions , secret intelligence and other confidential matters , a former U.S. ambassador to Russia told CNN . The expected online disclosure has to be taken seriously , said James F. Collins , who served as ambassador to Moscow from 1997 to 2001 and is currently director of the Russia and Eurasia Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Leaking information of this kind will be detrimental to building the trust among officials necessary to conduct effective and productive diplomacy . It will impede doing things in a normal , civilized way , " Collins said . "  I would think the information they will leak is likely to contain analysis , records of discussions or reporting on confidential conversations between officials or official policy recommendations or suggestions about policy or diplomatic actions , " he added . The threat by WikiLeaks , the online whistle-blower website , to publish the information has prompted the State Department to undertake a massive review of diplomatic documents . A source tells CNN that every diplomatic mission document from 2006 to 2009 is under review . The United States has started to alert nations around the world about the possible leaks . In preparation for the WikiLeaks dump , the British government warning United Kingdom news organizations about the publication of any material which could endanger national security . The Ministry of Defence on Friday issued a so called "  D-Notice . " In the rarely used notice , the MOD told the media that before they publish potentially sensitive stories of a national security nature , they should seek the advice of a senior military official to avoid breaking the order . A senior Israeli government official said the American government contacted the Israeli government a few days ago to inform them about the possibility of internal U.S. communications about Israel being publicly released . The official would only speak on condition he not be identified . He did not know the full scope of what topics the documents may cover , the official said , but noted that Israel was told by the Americans that the leak was part of a much larger document dump by WikiLeaks , most of which had nothing to do with Israel . The Israeli government official added that the American government said it did not want Israeli officials hearing about the leak for the first time in the media . Israel was satisfied with the way the United States was handling the problem and there was little expectation in Israel that this would create a major rift in relations , the official said . A spokesman for the Swedish Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Tobias Nilsson , told CNN his government also had been alerted by U.S. authorities . "  We have been in contact with the U.S. Embassy here in Stockholm and they have informed us about a possible release of documents by WikiLeaks , " Nilsson said . "  I am , however , not going to speculate on why they contacted us or the reason for them alerting us about this . All I can say is that they have told us this might happen . " Norway also has been contacted , said Bjorn S. Jahnsen , spokesman at the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs . "  They have only told us that WikiLeaks might release new documents , " Jahnsen said . "  They have n't said anything specific about the contents , they only alerted us that the release might happen . " The United States did not discuss whether the leaks might affect relations between the two nations , Jahnsen said . The information blitz from WikiLeaks would offer a glimpse into the worldwide communications of the State Department and its 297 embassies , consulates and missions through what commonly are referred to as "  cables . " Collins says cables are the telegrams used for official instructions , reports and communications from the Department of State in Washington to its international posts as well as from those posts back to the United States . Much informal communication today is by email and other kinds of modern communications , he says , "  but official instructions to the ambassador tend to come through telegrams , which an ambassador can assume have been properly coordinated in Washington . " Telegrams , when they go out of the Department of State , are shown as signed by the secretary of state and when they come in from any embassy or consulate in the field are shown as signed by the ambassador or a principal officer . "  Obviously , " however , Collins notes , "  these individuals can not and do not write and sign all of the telegrams . " Embassies send Washington "  reporting " telegrams , which can include analysis by embassy officers of developments of importance to U.S. policy in their country or they may report meetings that the ambassador or other embassy officials had with officials in their host country . They also can contain substantive policy recommendations and observations . In addition , there are housekeeping and operational messages that are dedicated to the daily operations and needs of diplomatic offices and personnel . Telegrams are an essential means for keeping U.S. diplomats informed about policy and views in Washington and to alert them to important developments . The State Department sends "  world-wide " telegrams to its missions around the world , "  regional " telegrams to a select number of posts and telegrams to individual posts . "  They can be informational , " Collins says , "  telling the ambassador and his or her staff about a policy initiative , for example : they can send texts of speeches , convey in-house information the Department of State wants embassies to be aware of or provide the reasoning behind policy , what Washington wants clearly understood . " Another kind of telegram contains official instructions . "  It says to an ambassador , ` Go take this action , ' " Collins said , "  instructing the ambassador or his staff , for example , to ` see so and so and seek his support for an American position on Afghanistan . ' As an ambassador you would take that instruction , for example and , using it , seek out the appropriate person in the foreign ministry and make the case Washington has asked to be conveyed . " "  The most sensitive kinds of telegrams are instructions such as those to negotiators . These instructions were routinely sent to our negotiators on the START treaty or to those carrying on negotiations with allies about next steps in Afghanistan . " Collins says his major concern about leaking telegraphs and other official communication is that "  you can not conduct business between governments effectively on CNN or in the news media . People with whom you talk on a confidential basis , where you 're talking as government-to-government , or representative-of-government-to-representative-of-government and discussing something , implicitly assume that the confidentiality of the discussion will be preserved . Sure , everyone understands that you 're going to report back to your own government what you said and what you heard , but they do n't expect to see the exchange in the newspapers . "  Similarly , analysis that mentions names or says , ` No matter what everyone else is saying , we think the place is going to fall apart next week ' is very sensitive , " Collins says . "  It 's not that you 're trying to cover up somebody 's mistakes . It 's that you can not expect people to provide their superiors candid advice and analysis if they expect to see their views politicized and made public . "  If WikiLeaks is putting out a whole raft of embassy reporting from Moscow or State Department instructions on Russia policy this is not good news , " Collins told CNN , "  because these cables almost certainly will say things that will complicate relations between and among people involved , create resentments about publication of private information , and decrease the fragile confidence that has been building between the two governments . It could also reveal strategies or intentions to the detriment of our diplomatic strategy and tactics on a number of issues . And it can simply make life very difficult for embassy officers and other officials working to conduct our relations with Russia , depending on how all of this is released . " In Baghdad , the U.S. ambassador to Iraq told a group of journalists Friday that diplomats "  are worried about additional documents coming out . " Ambassador James Jeffrey said , "  WikiLeaks are an absolutely awful impediment to my business , which is to be able to have discussions in confidence with people . I do not understand the motivation for releasing these documents , they will not help , they will simply hurt our ability to do our work here . "	NEW : British government warns media against endangering national security Former ambassador says leaks likely to damage efforts to build trust Leaks expected to include "  cables " used by State Department WikiLeaks is threatening to publish thousands of classified documents
CNN  -- An Illinois man is suing the Vatican and Pope Benedict XVI for allegedly covering up sexual abuse by a priest at a Catholic school in Wisconsin . The lawsuit demands the Vatican release the names of thousands of Catholic priests that the suit says have "  credible allegations of sexual misconduct " against them . The alleged victim , who is now an adult , says he was molested by Father Lawrence Murphy while a student at St. John 's School for the Deaf , according to the complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . "  The defendant , -LSB- the -RSB- Holy See , has known about the widespread problem of childhood sexual abuse committed by its clergy for centuries , but has covered up that abuse and thereby perpetuated the abuse , " the suit says . Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , declined to comment on the case . Pope Benedict XVI was named as a defendant because he has the ultimate authority to remove priests and because of his involvement in reviewing sex abuse cases when he was Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , the suit says . "  There are a number of priests , brothers , and agents who defendant continued in ministry after defendant knew or suspected that those agents had molested children , " the suit says . Suit alleges U.S. , Mexican cardinals covered up abuse Peter Isely , a director with the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests  SNAP  , estimated the Vatican is investigating 4,000 cases of sex abuse by church employees . The lawsuit aims to change church policies and practices that conceal sex offenders , Isely said . "  It 's going to protect children , we hope , around the world , " he said , "  This is a historic day and hopefully this is going to result in historic changes . " Arthur Budzinski , a deaf man who said he was sexually assaulted and raped by Murphy , stood with Isely at a news conference Thursday . He said the priest "  may have stolen our bodies , " but higher clerics such as cardinals , archbishops and the pope "  stole our voices . " He made his comments in sign language and his daughter , Gigi , interpreted his words . The now-deceased Murphy is believed to have molested up to 200 boys , Isely said The lawsuit said the church "  knew that there was a high probability that these clerics would sexually molest more children , but sought to protect itself from scandal , sought to keep its income stream going , at the peril of children . " Murphy , it says , was a "  top fundraiser and recruiter " for the church and the "  Holy See wanted to retain Murphy 's services . " The same Minnesota law firm representing the Illinois plaintiff also filed suit Wednesday on behalf of a Mexican resident who says he was sexually abused by a priest . The suit alleges Catholic officials in Los Angeles , California , aided and abetted the abuse by moving the priest to different dioceses as allegations piled up against him . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Priest , now deceased , is believed to have molested up to 200 boys , victims advocate says Suit alleges a cover-up involving the priest at a Wisconsin parochial school Pope Benedict XVI is named in suit that alleges cover-up of sexual abuse The lawsuit demands the Vatican release the names of thousands of Catholic priests
Justin Bieber 's lawyers are trying to persuade Los Angeles County prosecutors not to charge the singer with a felony in the alleged egg attack on a neighbor , sources close to the case told CNN Wednesday . The potential vandalism charge is what lawyers called a "  wobbler , " meaning the district attorney must decide if it will be prosecuted as a felony -- which has much more serious consequences -- or as a misdemeanor . Several sources close to the investigation tell CNN there is little doubt Bieber will be charged with vandalism for the January incident and a decision should be announced soon . Bieber attorneys Howard Weitzman and Shawn Holley met with prosecutors Tuesday to argue that since the egging was "  a silly prank " and Bieber has no criminal record , it should be treated as a misdemeanor , two sources said . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department detectives are pushing for a felony charge , based on the estimated $ 20,000 in damage caused by the eggs to the mansion next door . Justin 's on the move Bieber , 20 , sold his Calabasas , California , mansion to Khloe Kardashian earlier this month and has already moved his skateboard ramp , video games and fast cars from the home where he 's lived for the past two years , a source close to him confirmed . Despite tabloid speculation that Bieber planned to make Atlanta his new home , a source close to him told CNN that would not happen . He spent most of February in Atlanta , where he began his professional recording career , but in recent weeks he has flown to Florida , Texas and Canada . Bieber is now in Toronto , where he is working on new music , according to his Twitter postings . Hollywood 's toughest role : Parent of a young celebrity He is scheduled to be tried on a DUI charge in Miami on May 4 . He also has an assault charge pending in Toronto , related to an alleged attack on his limo driver . None of the criminal charges facing Bieber , including the expected vandalism count , appear to threaten his freedom . Probation sentences , fines , community service and counseling are routinely given in such cases . How Lindsay Lohan and Chris Brown could help Bieber Bieber 's Los Angeles lawyers are experienced in keeping their celebrity clients out of jail , although that can be a challenge if the client fails to comply with probation requirements . Attorney Shawn Holley also represents actress Lindsay Lohan , who became the poster child for probation violators after two drunken driving convictions . Lohan 's career was derailed by supervised probation , which was interrupted several times by trips to jail and court-ordered rehab . Singer Chris Brown sits in a Los Angeles jail now because of repeated probation violations stemming from his 2009 assault conviction for the beating of then-girlfriend Rihanna . Brown 's prospects for resuming his music career anytime soon are dimmed by the requirement that he work on a highway cleanup crew three days a week for eight months after he is released from jail .	Prosecutors must decide if egging is prosecuted as a felony or a misdemeanor Bieber attorneys met with prosecutors Tuesday to argue egging was "  a silly prank " L.A. County Sheriff 's detectives are pushing for a felony charge Bieber sold his Calabasas home to Khloe Kardashian and has moved out
CNN  -- With Syria limiting access to foreign journalists , Western media outlets are largely relying on amateur photos and videos to tell the story of violence on the ground . CNN , which is working to vet a wealth of material coming out of Syria , has obtained numerous graphic images of victims . Many of these can not be aired or published because they depict scenes that could be too disturbing for the network 's audience . The above gallery is a small collection of photographs , mostly from the Damascus-based Shaam News Network , an opposition media outlet . While the images contain disturbing scenes -- including slain children and a mass burial -- they help paint a portrait of the situation in Syria , which grew dramatically more violent Friday when dozens were massacred in the city of Houla . President Bashar al-Assad 's regime insists it was not behind the massacre and blames terrorist groups . Opposition leaders say the massacre is the latest in Syria 's crackdown against protesters .	Images from news outlets show bodies of slain children Syria limiting access of foreign journalists as violence continues Many images from Houla are too disturbing for CNN 's audience
CNN  -- Tunisia 's interim president declared Thursday that parliamentary elections will be held July 24 . Fouad Mebazaa said he plans to continue serving in his interim role until the new parliament begins to work , the country 's official news agency reported . At least three Tunisian government officials resigned Monday and Tuesday , the country 's official news agency reported , in the wake of the resignation of the prime minister on Sunday . Popular protests in the north African nation led to the resignation of the long-time president in January , prompting a wave of unrest across the Arab world . But the flight from Tunisia of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali did not end the protests there , and Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi quit on Sunday . The minister of higher education and scientific research , Ahmad Ibrahim , and the higher education secretary , Faouzia Farida Charfi , both quit on Tuesday , Tunis Afrique Presse reported . Mohamed Nouri Jouini , the planning and international cooperation minister , resigned on Monday , the agency said . After Ghannouchi resigned , Tunisia 's interim president tapped Al-Baji Qa'ed Al-Sebsi as the country 's new prime minister Sunday , state-run media reported . Ghannouchi told reporters Sunday that he was resigning "  because I am not willing to be a person that takes decisions that could cause casualties . " Three people were killed during protests in the capital , Tunis , on Saturday . He also questioned "  why a lot of people considered their main target to keep attacking the government , although a lot of its members agreed to join in this critical time . " In addition to the three killed , nine others were injured during the mayhem in Tunis , according to an Interior Ministry statement cited by Tunis Afrique Presse . More than 100 people were arrested in the area around Habib Bourguiba Avenue , in the city 's center , and accused of "  acts of destruction and burning , " the ministry said . Protesters had gathered in the area to demand that the interim government step down and the parliament be disbanded . Demonstrators were also asking for suspension of the constitution and election of an assembly that can write a new one , as well as organize the transition to democracy . Protests in Tunisia erupted late last year . Fed up with corruption , unemployment and escalating prices of food , people began demonstrating after the self-immolation suicide of a fruit cart vendor in December . By mid-January , Ben Ali -- who had ruled Tunisia since 1987 -- had turned executive power over to his prime minister and fled the country . CNN 's Tracy Doueiry and Jack Maddox contributed to this report .	Fouad Mebazaa sets July 24 as election day He says he plans to continue in his interim role until the new parliament gets to work Three top government officials quit Monday and Tuesday , the state news agency reports The prime minister resigned Sunday , after three people died in weekend protests
Roughly half the schedulers at multiple Veterans Affairs hospitals said they received instructions from supervisors to falsify data and hide the true time it took patients to be seen by a doctor after making an appointment , new details from an internal VA audit show . Schedulers said supervisors directed them to manipulate information so their centers could meet performance goals , which would help top officials get bonuses , according to documents obtained by CNN . The new information also provided to Congress this week includes updates from specific VA hospitals that were not included in an internal audit released last month by the embattled agency . The ongoing saga involves multiple investigations into delayed care , potentially with deadly results , alarming management shortcomings and a culture that was said to have compromised the mission of providing prompt and effective medical care to millions of veterans , some of them returning soldiers from Iraq and Afghanistan . New VA secretary confirmed VA Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned over the scandal in May . His replacement , Robert McDonald , was confirmed by the Senate on Tuesday unanimously . The former corporate CEO and ex-Army officer has pledged to swiftly introduce reforms . Under pressure from constituents back home and most members facing voters in November , Congress is poised to approve a $ 17 billion bipartisan proposal before the week is out . It would allow the agency to hire more medical staff , lease new facilities , and give veterans the opportunity to seek care outside the VA system . It would also allow the VA secretary to more easily fire top officials . Details of delayed care were first reported by CNN in an investigation of two VA hospitals in the Southeast . Since , CNN reporting has expanded to include more hospitals and details of delayed care and allegations that up to 40 deaths were tied to the problem . Congress comes up with a deal on veterans Greater range of problems While the Phoenix VA medical center has received the most national scrutiny , the new information shows in greater depth a range of problems affecting numerous facilities nationwide . VA hospitals in Montgomery , Alabama , Clarksburg , West Virginia , and White City , Oregon , were among the worst cited in the new information . About 50 % of schedulers at those facilities reported being told by their superiors to falsify data . Moreover , schedulers in Washington , Richmond , Gainesville , Florida , and San Juan , Puerto Rico , and elsewhere used "  outside tracking logs " to hide long delays in care by not properly recording information in the scheduling system , the documents showed . Numerous other VA medical centers may have improperly used "  paper wait lists " or excel spreadsheets to hide delays , according to the new internal audit details . Data from the audit released last month found that 13 % of schedulers surveyed nationally said they were directed by hospital administrators to enter appointment dates that were different from those requested by a veteran . But the newly released data showed 55 of the VA medical centers audited had more than 13 % of schedulers reporting such direction , the documents showed . Bad VA care may have killed more than 1,000 veterans , senator 's report says Coaching schedulers Scheduling staff training has been controversial throughout recent investigations of VA management . The audit also showed that half of schedulers surveyed could not remember the date of their last training . The findings also showed there were attempts to coach and prepare staff and schedulers in a number of cases before they were questioned by auditors . House Veterans Affairs Committee Chairman Jeff Miller said any VA administrator who ordered employees to purposely manipulate patient wait times should be immediately fired . "  The environment in today 's Veterans Health Administration is one in which some VA executives are so driven in their quest for performance bonuses , promotions and power that they are willing to lie , cheat and put the health of the veterans they were hired to serve at risk , " Miller said . Gingrich Opinion : We owe our veterans real change VA takes action The VA said in a statement on its website on Tuesday that it had proposed "  a series of disciplinary " actions against six employees in Cheyenne , Wyoming , and Fort Collins , Colorado , as a result of the audit . "  Employees who have been found to have manipulated data , withheld accurate information from their supervisors , and affected the timeliness of care veterans receive do not reflect VA 's values , and their actions will not be tolerated , " said Acting Secretary Sloan Gibson . Carolyn Lerner , head of the U.S. Office of Special Counsel , said , "  We are encouraged by the VA 's action in response to Office of Special Counsel 's reports regarding whistleblower disclosures of manipulated wait-time data that masked scheduling problems at the VA 's Cheyenne and Fort Collins facilities . " The office is charged with representing whistleblowers across the country . Who is Bob McDonald ? Veterans waiting longer for cancer care ` Corrosive culture , ' weak leadership cripple VA , report says	Schedulers said they received instructions from supervisors to falsify information They were also told to hide the true time it took patients to be seen by doctors The latest details build on an internal VA audit that was released previously Allegations of delayed care , mismanagement and poor culture have rocked the VA
New York  CNN  -- The United States metes out certifications to other countries for their cooperation on drug trafficking , but as the nation with the biggest demand for illegal drugs , who evaluates the United States ? Bolivian President Evo Morales posed that question in an interview with CNN en EspaÃ ± ol , reiterating a recent comment that drew attention . Relations between Bolivia and the United States are at a low point as the Morales government accuses the United States of trying to destabilize it , while the United States counters that Bolivia is dropping the ball in the fight against drugs . Since coming into office , Morales has expelled the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and the U.S. ambassador . "  Since we do n't have an ambassador here , since we do n't have DEA , and no dead and injured and no military bases from the U.S. here , they decertify us , " Morales said Monday in the interview , which came during his visit to New York to attend the United Nations General Assembly . Morales accused the DEA and the U.S. State Department of using their agents in other countries for political purposes . "  The origins of drug trafficking are in the demand , not the supply , " he said . "  So I 'd like for some international organism to certify or decertify the United States for their responsibility on the issue of drug trafficking . " The Bolivian president vowed to take his idea to regional bodies in Latin America to see if other countries agree . Morales , an ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , accused the United States of trying to taint all "  anti-imperialist " countries with the drug-trafficking label . The comment was related to the arrest this year of retired Bolivian Gen. Rene Sanabria , a former anti-drug czar who was arrested in Panama and extradited to the United States to face drug trafficking charges . At the time of his arrest , Sanabria was working as an aide to a minister close to Morales . Morales alleged that the arrested general and the United States were working together on a plan to smear his country 's reputation . "  We have information that he is negotiating his years in prison in exchange for something , " Morales said . His anti-American rhetoric comes at a time when Morales is facing domestic pressures . Indigenous communities are protesting the proposed construction of a highway through a national park where they live . The indigenous groups have also called for an end to hydrocarbon extraction from the area . Morales called the demands unrealistic , noting that 90 % of Bolivia 's natural gas flows through that area . "  To cease means to leave the Bolivian people without resources , " he said , adding that the government remains open to dialogue with the protesters . Last month , he also blamed the United States for stoking protest marches against the highway .	Bolivian President Evo Morales says the U.S. discredits his country He wants someone to certify U.S. anti-drug efforts Morales says the U.S. is preparing more smears against him
CNN  -- A California court hearing concluded Friday with the family of Jahi McMath -- a 13-year-old girl on a ventilator who has been declared dead by doctors -- and a hospital agreeing on a protocol for the release of the girl to another facility . The specifics of any such release -- how she 'd be transferred , by and to whom , and at what time -- continue to be discussed . So while Friday 's California Superior Court hearing did signal apparent progress in the hot-button case , it does not represent a final agreement . Earlier in this hearing , the judge asked attorneys for the McMath family and Children 's Hospital Oakland to confer to attempt to settle the issue of what will happen with Jahi . After this hearing broke , representatives for both the family and hospital headed to federal court . There , a magistrate will oversee mandatory talks between representatives of the hospital and the family , CNN affiliate KTVU reported . Both hearings occurred on the same day that the coroner for Alameda County issued a death certificate for Jahi . This action is not directly connected to Friday 's pair of legal proceedings . The coroner 's office said that the death certificate -- which still needs to be accepted by the health department to become official -- has a date of death of December 12 , 2013 . Twenty-six days from that day could be another milestone in this ordeal : A judge has ruled that Jahi can be removed from a ventilator at 5 p.m. Tuesday . Bleeding profusely Last month , Jahi had surgery to remove her tonsils , adenoids and extra sinus tissue . Doctors had recommended the surgery to treat pediatric obstructive sleep apnea , a condition that made her stop breathing in her sleep and caused other medical problems . Before the surgery , Jahi was worried that she would never wake up , according to her uncle . She seemed fine after the surgery and asked for a Popsicle because her throat hurt . Opinion : Let the parents decide It was n't long before something went terribly wrong . In the intensive care unit , the girl began bleeding profusely -- an image that her mother said would be forever seared in her mind . According to family members , Jahi went into cardiac arrest . Days later , she was declared brain dead . Hospital officials have said privacy laws prevent them from discussing details of the case . More support The family of Terri Schiavo has joined the battle recently . "  Together with our team of experts , Terri 's Network believes Jahi 's case is representative of a very deep problem within the U.S. healthcare system -- particularly those issues surrounding the deaths of patients within the confines of hospital corporations , which have a vested financial interest in discontinuing life , " the Terri Schiavo Life & Hope Network said in a statement . Schiavo was a brain-damaged woman who died in 2005 after living on a feeding tube for more than a decade . She was the subject of a lengthy legal battle between her parents and her husband , Michael Schiavo , who maintained that she would n't have wanted to live in a "  persistent vegetative state . " The organization said it has been overseeing the efforts of several groups to help get Jahi transferred out of Children 's Hospital Oakland and brought "  to a safe place . " Jahi 's family said Tuesday that it had found a facility in New York willing to take her . The Oakland hospital "  refused to agree to allow us to proceed in that matter , " Jahi 's uncle Omari Sealey said . The hospital denied the accusation . "  We have done everything to assist the family of Jahi McMath in their quest to take the deceased body of their daughter to another medical facility , " hospital spokesman Sam Singer said . "  To date , they have been unwilling or unable to provide a physician to perform the procedures necessary , transportation , or a facility that would accept a dead person on a ventilator . Our hearts and thoughts go out to them in this tragic situation , but the statements being made by their attorney and some family members are misleading and untrue . " Family attorney Christopher Dolan had accused the hospital of being "  hell-bent " on ending Jahi 's life . In addition to the coroner , a judge has declared Jahi brain dead as well . Doctors say there 's no chance she will come back to life . Sealey said Wednesday that the family still hopes to move her to another facility . He accused the hospital of starving his niece by not using a feeding tube to provide her with nutrients . Singer said a judge had dismissed the family 's request for additional medical procedures Tuesday , including a feeding tube . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .	NEW : Coroner 's office : The death certificate has December 12 as the date of death Jahi McMath is on a ventilator and has been declared dead by doctors Her family wants to move her to another facility besides Children 's Hospital Oakland The 13-year-old will be kept on machines through 5 p.m. Tuesday , under a court order
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's president has summoned the lower house of parliament to meet Friday to elect a new prime minister after the nation 's top court ruled that Yousuf Raza Gilani is ineligible to hold office . The session is set to convene early Friday , said Mehboob Gurmaini , a parliament spokesman . President Asif Ali Zardari postponed a trip to Russia to huddle with senior members of his Pakistan Peoples Party to nominate a candidate . Pakistan state television reported Makhdoom Shahabuddin , a longtime member of parliament who has served in several administrations , was selected . The candidate served as Gilani 's textile minister . Shadabuddin is considered a Zardari loyalist likely to adhere to the party agenda if elected . The Supreme Court declared Gilani disqualified retroactive to April 26 , the day he was convicted of contempt charges stemming from his refusal to call on Swiss authorities to reopen old corruption charges against Zardari . "  Since no appeal was filed against this judgment , the conviction has attained finality , " said the ruling , read in the court by Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry . "  He has also ceased to be the prime minister of Pakistan with effect from the said date  April 26  , and office of the prime minister shall be deemed to be vacant accordingly . " The speaker of Pakistan 's National Assembly had 30 days from the day of the April verdict to ask the Election Commission to pursue disqualification proceedings if she viewed Gilani 's conviction as cause for dismissal . In a five-page decision released last month , Speaker Fahmida Mirza said she did not believe the prime minister 's refusal to follow the Supreme Court 's order justified disqualification . The speaker 's ruling seemed to give a boost to the prime minister , who decided not to appeal the court 's conviction . The Supreme Court essentially overruled the speaker 's decision Tuesday . The commission issued a "  notification of disqualification " of Gilani after the order . "  The president of Pakistan is required to take necessary steps under the constitution to ensure continuation of the democratic process through the parliamentary system of government in the country , " the Supreme Court order said . Hours after the court issued its ruling , Gilani had vacated the sprawling prime minister 's residence in Islamabad with his political future in doubt . Explainer : What 's next for Pakistan Federal Information Minister Qamar Zaman Kaira said senior party members have decided that Zardari , who is the party chairman , will make a final decision on how to proceed after he meets with coalition partners . A presidential pardon has not yet been discussed . Supporters of Gilani and the party say the court 's ruling was politically motivated because of bad blood between the Supreme Court 's popular Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry and Zardari . Pakistan has been beset by militant activity and political tumult for years . Fighters from the Taliban and al Qaeda use the northwestern territories as bases for attacks in Afghanistan , and U.S. drones regularly strike militant positions . The United States and the Afghan government have been concerned that the warfare and instability could hurt the government . But the crisis and a possible departure of the prime minister would n't have a seismic effect on the nation 's stability and political system because the country 's civilian government is dominated by the Pakistan Peoples Party . A new prime minister would simply take the place of Gilani as a representative of the party . The current government is approaching the end of its term in February , the first time since Pakistan 's independence in 1947 that an administration would complete a five-year term . CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	President picks candidate for prime minister , state TV says Pakistan 's president has called on parliament to meet Friday The lower house will choose a new prime minister The high court disqualified Yousuf Raza Gilani to hold office because of contempt charges
CNN  -- On Tuesday , President Barack Obama pledged $ 263 million to procure body cameras and training for up to 50,000 police officers . On Wednesday , a grand jury declined to charge the New York Police Department officer whose chokehold contributed to the death of Eric Garner -- an incident captured in full on video . Unsurprisingly , Thursday brought cries of "  what 's the use ? " After all , an officer walked even though there is a video of the killing . So , body cameras must not make any difference , right ? Wrong . The fact is that even though the grand jury decided not to charge Officer Daniel Pantaleo over Garner 's death , having a video of the incident has still had a huge impact -- without the video , the story would n't be leading the headlines , and protesters would n't have assembled to demand change . Also , the video of Garner 's arrest came from a cell phone , not from a police body camera . Would Pantaleo have used a banned chokehold if he knew his supervisor would be reviewing video of the arrest ? Probably not . A body camera might therefore have saved Garner 's life . People act better when they know they 're being watched -- or recorded . Cops act better , and the people they encounter on the street are more cooperative . A study commissioned by the Police Foundation in 2012 , for example , found that cops with body cameras were involved in far fewer use of force incidents than cops without . Opinion : Are police body cams really the answer ? That same year , I praised Daytona Beach  Florida  Police Chief Michael Chitwood for his decision to fund and deploy body cameras for many of his officers , and the footage captured has helped me in cases I have handled . And , taking a broader perspective , the transparency inherent in such a program has also helped instill more trust among residents of the city . "  The cameras help defuse some of the tensions that might come up during encounters with the public , " Chitwood said . "  I think that 98 % of the time , cameras help improve relationships with the community . " We should also be careful not to draw too many conclusions about the ineffectiveness about video cameras simply because there was no indictment in New York . Remember , the 23-person grand jury in the Garner case saw more than just the video ; they reportedly heard from 50 witnesses and pored through 60 exhibits  including other video  that the rest of us have n't seen . It 's very possible , therefore , that while Pantaleo 's actions were improper , they were n't technically illegal in this case . And that raises what may be one of the biggest issues to come from all this -- our existing laws and police policies may be unjust . Through our elected officials , we tell police officers when it is appropriate to use force , and we 've told police they can use physical force to make an arrest , even for misdemeanors . We 've also told police they can use deadly force to stop a dangerous fleeing felon . If we feel such standards on the use of force are unjust -- or that they are not being applied equally for all people , regardless of race -- then we need to demand that our elected leaders change these laws . But we can not correct injustice if we can not see it . Gandhi said that we "  must make the injustice visible , " and that may be the real value of body cameras in policing . Body cameras have the potential not only to expose when cops break the rules , but they will also help expose laws that are unjust . Law enforcement , for their part , should not see body cameras as a threat , because they might well also show us that when cops have to make life or death decisions , they usually get it right . But that raises a point that is often lost when we are debating the actions of individual officers -- cops are not a gang of miscreants , waiting to murder and scheming to deny civil rights . Police officers have taken on one of the most dangerous jobs in our society . They protect citizens from other citizens , and they face the delicate task of balancing the rights of the aggrieved with the rights of the accused . Of course , we could make a blanket change to the laws and tell cops not to make arrests over misdemeanors . But if you own a business , you may quickly find that this means open season for your stock . And we could tell cops not to chase fleeing felons . But if burglars simply have to run from police to escape justice , then there will be a lot of criminals on the loose . Finally , we can tell our police officers never to draw their weapon unless drawn upon . Yet then we would be telling them to put their lives at even greater risk even as they are out there trying to protect ours . Constrain police too much , and remove their ability to exercise good judgment , and the about a dozen cops left willing to do the job will be ineffective -- and every criminal will know it . This is n't to suggest that the Pantaleo incident does n't highlight how we need better trained cops with a community-based focus of law enforcement . But if we are to make the changes necessary then we must also accept that making some of the changes required is expensive -- the President 's pledge of $ 263 million for 50,000 cameras , for example , is only a fraction of the more than 700,000 officers in the country . Ultimately , we must be willing to dig deep , because if we want a free and safe society , we have to be willing to pay for it .	Mark O'Mara : People act better when they know they 're being watched O'Mara : Grand jury in Garner case saw more than just the video He says police officers have taken on one of most dangerous jobs in society
CNN  For the first time in history over half the world 's population live in cities -- more than 54 % of us did in 2014 . Mass urbanization is proving to be "  the single most important transformation " the world is seeing in the 21st century , according to Jamal Saghir , director of sustainable development at the World Bank , and it shows no signs of letting up . By 2050 , the U.N. predicts 66 % of us will call a city our home . It is generally accepted that cities are the engines of economic growth , and nowhere are these engines firing harder , or populations growing faster , than in the developing world . With burgeoning higher education systems and enviably young workforces , African cities in particular are booming . Commended for their diversity , adaptability and enterprise , investors are taking note . Global auditing firm PwC has now quantified and ranked Africa 's urban hubs in a new report listing the continent 's top "  Cities of Opportunity . " With the caveat that only one city per country could be assessed , PwC set out ranking locations in terms of infrastructure , human capital , economics and society and demographics . North African cities dominated the top five , with Cairo claiming pole position , followed by Tunis , Johannesburg , Casablanca and Algiers . Analysts cited the age of North African cities as a determining factor , with strong infrastructure across the board , incubating an environment for human capital to thrive . However , sub-Saharan cities registered among the highest in terms of society and demographics , excelling in diversity and population growth , both useful when looking towards future investment . Indeed , the report also offered an alternative ranking , gauging the strongest trajectories in terms of investment . GDP growth , ease of doing business , attracting FDI , middle class and overall population growth all took precedent . Under these criteria , Cairo could only achieve a mid-table ranking and was the only city in the top 10 north of the Sahara . Dar es Salaam , Lusaka , Nairobi , Lagos and Accra made up the top five , suggesting a new generation of African powerhouse economies is waiting in the wings . That being said , one city 's development does not preclude another 's . What is certain is that the battle for economic dominance is on . Read this : Africa 's 10 most prosperous countries More from Marketplace Africa Editor 's Note : CNN Marketplace Africa covers the macro trends impacting the region and also focuses on the continent 's key industries and corporations	New PwC report has sought out the best cities for investors in Africa North African capitals dominate , but there are signs that sub-Saharan cities will come into their own in the near future
Four years after Michael Jackson died , his oldest son is ready to tell a jury about the last days of his life . Prince Jackson , now 16 , was 12 when he followed an ambulance carrying his father to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on the afternoon of June 25 , 2009 . On Monday , in the Jackson family 's wrongful death lawsuit , Jackson lawyers informed AEG Live attorneys that Prince will be the next witness after a doctor who is an expert in medical conflicts of interest completes his testimony Tuesday . That would likely put Prince on the stand Wednesday , a day after the fourth anniversary of his father 's death . Paris Jackson : Superstar 's daughter builds own identity in spotlight Prince , Paris and Blanket Jackson and their grandmother Katherine Jackson are suing AEG Live , accusing their father 's last concert promoter of negligently hiring , retaining or supervising Dr. Conrad Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . Jackson lawyers argue that the promoter and producer of the "  This Is It " shows pressured Murray to get Jackson to rehearsals but failed to get Jackson help despite numerous red flags that he was in trouble . Murray told police he used the surgical anesthetic propofol nearly every night for two months to treat Jackson 's insomnia . The coroner ruled that an overdose of propofol killed him . AEG Live lawyers argue that Jackson chose and supervised Murray and that their executives had no way of knowing the doctor was using the dangerous treatment . Remembering Michael Jackson 's music A medical conflict of interest Dr. Gordon Matheson , the director of the sports medicine department at Stanford University , testified as an expert in medical conflicts of interest Monday . After reviewing testimony and evidence in the case , Matheson concluded that AEG Live created a conflict of interest because the contract it negotiated with Murray to serve as Jackson 's personal doctor for $ 150,000 a month "  was likely to lead to poor medical decisions . " Promoter deal with Jackson 's doctor ` highly innapropriate ' Matheson , the team doctor for Stanford 's athletic department , compared it to a football coach telling a team doctor on the sidelines in the fourth quarter of a big game that a star quarterback has to go back in the game despite a suspected concussion . Murray , who had closed his clinics to take the job and was $ 1 million in debt , would be inclined not to resist the AEG Live executives ' pressure to get Jackson to rehearsals despite evidence of his failing health , Matheson testified . Murray himself was conflicted because the negotiated contract was structured so that he answered to AEG , but it also could be canceled if the tour was canceled , he said . "  I think that conflict played out as Michael Jackson 's health began to deteriorate . " E-mails from the show director Kenny Ortega and production manager John "  Bugzee " Hougdahl warned AEG executives of Jackson 's deterioration during June 2009 , including indications he was unable to do some of his trademark dances or remember lyrics to songs he had sung for decades . Jackson lost dance moves in last days His makeup artist and a choreographer testified about Jackson 's paranoia , his talking to himself and hearing voices , and his severe weight loss . Associate producer Alif Sankey testified that she "  had a very strong feeling that Michael was dying " after a rehearsal 11 days before his death . "  I was screaming into the phone at that point , " Sankey testified . "  I said he needs to be put in the hospital now . " Lost battle for sleep A Harvard sleep expert testified last week that the nightly propofol treatments likely interrupted Jackson 's sleep cycle , robbing him of REM -- rapid eye movement -- sleep , which is vital to keeping the brain and body alive . "  The symptoms that Mr. Jackson was exhibiting were consistent with what someone might expect to see of someone suffering from total sleep deprivation over a chronic period , " Dr. Charles Czeisler , a Harvard Medical School sleep expert , testified Friday at the trial . Expert : Jackson went 60 days without real sleep If the singer had not died on June 25 , 2009 , of a propofol overdose , the lack of REM sleep may have taken his life within days anyway , according Czeisler 's testimony Friday . Lab rats die after five weeks of getting no REM sleep , he said . It was never tried on a human until Murray gave Jackson nightly propofol infusions for two months . Prince to testify Prince will be the only one of Jackson 's three children who will appear in court , although the video of Paris ' deposition over two days in March will be seen at some point during the AEG Live defense presentation . The company compelled her testimony , calling her a key witness to her father 's dealings with Murray and to her own relationship with her father . Jackson lawyers informed the court last week that Paris , 15 , would not be available to testify in person because she is hospitalized for psychiatric treatment after a suicide attempt earlier this month . In testimony last week , chef Kai Chase recalled how devastated Paris was in the first moments at home when she realized something was very wrong with her father . "  We were literally pulling her by her ankles down the stairs as she was trying to go back up , screaming ` Daddy , Daddy , Daddy ! ' " Chase testified . Paris , Prince Jackson testimonies shown in Jackson death trial Paris made millions cry two weeks later when she spoke at the public memorial for Jackson . "  Ever since I was born , Daddy has been the best father you could ever imagine , " she said . "  And I just want to say that I love him so much . " Jackson confided in his son about his business dealings at an early age . His testimony is expected to include revelations about what his father told him in his last weeks about whom he trusted and distrusted . "  Prince has always been , even at 12 , the little man -- daddy 's little man , " Chase testified . "  He wanted his father to be very proud of him , which Michael was . " "  The weight of the world is on his shoulders , the eldest , big brother and father figure to his siblings , " Chase testified . "  It 's a lot for him , growing , liking girls . He wishes his father was here to give him advice . It 's devastating to him . " Life after his death Jackson died just two weeks before he was to travel with Prince , Paris and Blanket to London where 50 concerts were scheduled over the next 10 months . Their father told them they would go on a long world tour after the London shows , which they were excited about , Paris said in her deposition . After the tour , Jackson intended to buy a mansion in Las Vegas to serve as a base while he concentrated on making movies , his children said . To prepare them , Jackson hired a film professor from the University of Southern California to teach them movie-making techniques in their home school . With their father gone , the children moved in with their grandmother in the same Los Angeles home where Michael Jackson lived at a teen . The veil of privacy -- which included wearing masks when in public with their father -- was soon replaced by occasional public appearances to honor their father . The children spoke at the Grammys , a Hollywood Boulevard dedication ceremony , a tribute concert and to Oprah Winfrey . In each event , they appeared poised beyond their years . The two oldest enrolled in a private school , a major change from the home tutoring their father provided . Prince and Paris have both begun exploring careers in entertainment . Prince worked several days as a "  special correspondent " for "  Entertainment Tonight " and acted in an episode of the television show "  90210 . " Aunt La Toya Jackson arranged the jobs for him . Paris signed up with an A-list Hollywood manager to help with her acting career earlier this year , but that 's on hold while she is being treated . Blanket , whose nickname came from the blanket his father often covered him with in public , is still taught at home , which is now a big hilltop house in a gated Calabasas , California , community . "  He does dance moves like his father , " according to Chase , who was rehired as the children 's chef last year . Blanket , now 11 , does "  a lot of remembering what daddy did , and it 's constant nonstop talking of him and his father 's relationship together , " Chase testified last week . He often wears a T-shirt from the Cirque du Soleil "  Immortal " show based on his father 's music , Chase said . "  He wears it constantly . " The trial , in its ninth week in a Los Angeles courtroom , is expected to last into August , according to lawyers on both sides .	Tuesday is the fourth anniversary of Michael Jackson 's death Prince Jackson is expected to be the next witness in the AEG Live trial Expert concludes AEG Live created a medical conflict of interest with Jackson 's doctor AEG Live lawyers argue Jackson , not its execs , hired and supervised Dr. Conrad Murray
CNN  -- The 2012 Fit Nation Tri Challenge Team is made up of seven CNN viewers selected to train for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon with Dr. Sanjay Gupta in September . For updates , visit the Fit Nation page , follow the team on Twitter , or like our page on Facebook . Check back with us throughout the week for more photos .	Fit Nation Tri Challenge Team is in Hawaii this week to train "  Lucky 7 " will bike , run and swim to prepare for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Karl Rove , President Bush 's longtime political guru , refused to obey an order to testify before a House Judiciary Committee hearing Thursday . Karl Rove 's lawyers says he is immune from a congressional subpoena . Rove 's lawyer asserted that Rove was "  immune " from the subpoena the committee had issued , arguing that the committee could not compel him to testify due to "  executive privilege . " The panel is investigating allegations that Rove and his White House allies dismissed U.S. attorneys and prosecuted officials who they saw as political opponents . The panel subpoenaed Rove in May after his lawyer , Robert D. Luskin , made clear the former White House deputy chief of staff would not appear voluntarily . Luskin responded immediately that Rove still would not appear , prompting a threat of prosecution from the Judiciary Committee chairman , Rep. John Conyers , a Michigan Democrat , and Rep. Linda Sanchez , a California Democrat who chairs the subcommittee on commercial and administrative law . "  A refusal to appear in violation of the subpoena could subject Mr. Rove to contempt proceedings , including statutory contempt under federal law and proceedings under the inherent contempt authority of the House of Representatives , " Conyers and Sanchez wrote . "  We are unaware of any proper legal basis for Mr. Rove 's refusal to even appear today as required by the subpoena , " Sanchez said Thursday morning when Rove failed to show up . "  The courts have made clear that no one -- not even the president -- is immune from compulsory process . That is what the Supreme Court rules in U.S. v. Nixon and Clinton v. Jones . " In May , Conyers contrasted Rove 's refusal to testify before Congress with his paid work as a commentator for the Fox News Channel and Newsweek magazine . "  Although he does not seem the least bit hesitant to discuss these very issues weekly on cable television and in the print news media , Mr. Rove and his attorney have apparently concluded that a public hearing room would not be appropriate . Unfortunately , I have no choice today but to compel his testimony on these very important matters . " Rove 's lawyer cited a letter from the Justice Department saying Rove is "  constitutionally immune from compelled congressional testimony . " He said Rove is willing to submit to an "  informal interview " or to answer written questions about the prosecution of former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman , whose ouster Rove is accused of orchestrating . "  Threatening Mr. Rove with sanctions will not in any way expedite the resolution of the issue , " Luskin wrote in a letter to the panel on Wednesday . Luskin noted in May that his client had already received a separate subpoena from the Senate Judiciary Committee . "  While the -LSB- House -RSB- committee has the authority to issue a subpoena , it is hard to see what this will accomplish , apart from a ` Groundhog Day ' replay of the same issues that are already the subject of litigation , " the lawyer wrote , referring to a movie in which a person lives the same day over and over again . Luskin added that "  issues of executive privilege and separation of powers " could limit Rove 's testimony . In response , Conyers said the two committees are focusing on different matters , with the House committee delving into the prosecution of the former Alabama governor , a Democrat who lost his bid for re-election in 2002 and was convicted on corruption charges in 2006 . Conyers also noted that other former White House officials have testified under subpoena in the past and have dealt with issues of executive privilege on a case-by-case basis . "  Mr. Rove should follow the same course , " he said . Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas , the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee , called the subpoena "  a sham . " The Democratic-controlled Congress has been battling for months to force the White House to disclose information about the firing of the attorneys and the prosecution of Siegelman . Current and former White House aides have refused to testify , citing executive privilege .	Karl Rove ordered to testify before the House Judiciary Committee Rove 's lawyers say "  executive privilege " makes him "  immune " from subpoena Panel is investigating whether Rove was involved in firing of U.S. attorneys
CNN  -- At least 355 people have been killed in flooding caused by intense monsoon rains across northern India and Pakistan over the past few days . The death toll in Pakistan is 205 as of Monday , according to Pakistan 's National Disaster Management Authority . In India , the toll has reached 150 , according to the Ministry of Home Affairs . Thousands more have been stranded . Army units equipped with helicopters and boats have rescued 20,000 people in India 's Jammu and Kashmir state , India 's Ministry of Defence said Monday . Indian media call it the worst flooding in six decades . Much of the state 's capital , Srinagar , was submerged , forcing thousands to move to rooftops as they became trapped in their homes across the city . Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited the flood-hit region over the weekend to assess the situation and immediately declared it a "  national-level disaster . " He said everything would be done to provide aid and restore bridges and communication links washed away by the incessant rains . Offer to Pakistan Modi also offered help to Pakistanis living across the border in Pakistan-administered Kashmir , which has also been lashed by heavy rains and flooding . "  It is a matter of great distress that the retreating monsoon rains have played havoc in many parts of our two countries , " he wrote in a letter to Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif , adding that "  the devastation caused by the record rains and the consequent flooding is unprecedented . " "  While reviewing the situation in Jammu and Kashmir , I was informed that the damage to life and property is equally , if not more , severe in areas across the ` Line of Control ' as well . My heart goes out to the affected people and my deepest sympathies are with them and their families . "  In this hour of need , I offer any assistance that you may need in the relief efforts that will be undertaken by the Government of Pakistan . Our resources are at your disposal wherever you need them . " The Pakistani government had reported that up to a foot of rain had fallen in eastern parts of the country Thursday .	NEW : At least 205 killed in Pakistan , 150 in India , authorities say India 's military has rescued 20,000 people in India 's Jammu and Kashmir state Indian leader pledges aid to affected areas and offers to help Pakistanis across the border
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Divers on Tuesday recovered the bodies of the final two of nine victims of Saturday 's collision between a helicopter and small plane over the Hudson River , police said . The wreckage of a PA-32 that collided Saturday with a helicopter is lifted Tuesday from the bed of the Hudson River . "  They were inside the wreckage when we pulled it up , " said New York Police Department Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . Earlier Tuesday , police divers had attached chains and straps to the plane 's fuselage and used a crane to lift it from the riverbed 60 feet below the surface . On Saturday , the Piper PA-32 Saratoga carrying three people collided with a helicopter carrying six people , five of them Italian tourists , killing all nine people aboard both aircraft . The wreckage of the helicopter , operated by Liberty Helicopter Sightseeing Tours , was lifted Sunday nearly intact from the Hudson . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the collision , which occurred shortly after the helicopter took off from a heliport in Midtown Manhattan on what was to have been a 12-minute sightseeing tour around New York . The Piper took off from New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport and was bound for Ocean City , New Jersey . It began its flight Saturday morning at a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania-area airfield . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	NEW : Bodies of 8th and 9th victims recovered from plane wreckage Single-engine plane , tour helicopter collided Saturday over Hudson River Divers attached chains , straps to lift submerged wreckage of plane Helicopter 's wreckage was pulled from the river Sunday
CNN  -- In Egypt 's northern Delta , Sarah Parcak is on the hunt to unearth ancient settlements , pyramids and tombs lost in the sands of time . Rather than digging through the dirt in a dusty trench , trowel in hand , the Egyptologist has turned her eyes to the stars . Sarah Parcak is a space archaeologist who uses satellites , initially designed for use by the military , to identify potential sub-surface remains . "  When people initially think of the term "  space archaeologist " they think ` oh it 's someone who uses satellites to look for alien settlements on Mars or in outer space ' but the opposite is true -- we 're actually looking for evidence of past human life on planet earth , " she says . The high-resolution satellites , with infrared and thermal capabilities , sit in orbit almost 500 kilometers above the Earth and can precisely pinpoint objects on terra firm less than a meter in diameter . The infrared light used by the satellites has longer wavelengths than visible light and thus can penetrate the earth 's surface . The space archaeologist takes the satellite images and processes them to identify subtle anomalies on the earth 's surface . "  All of these secrets are in the ground waiting for us to find them . The answers are there , " says Parcak , who is also an assistant professor of archeology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham  UAB  . "  The most exciting part of my job  is  the idea that by mapping out archaeological sites , by using new technologies and trying to think very differently about how we see landscapes , we have a better chance of understanding who we are and what we are doing here . " Use of remote-sensing technology in search of ancient sites is revolutionizing the field of archeology . In 2011 , Parcak and her team announced they located 17 pyramids in addition to 1,000 tombs and 3,100 ancient settlements in a documentary for the BBC . Then in a project last year , Parcak spent months trekking across the ancient Roman empire , traveling to Tunisia , Jordan , Romania and Italy , uncovering sites identified from space , finding an amphitheater and potential location for the famed Portus Lighthouse . "  I keep being surprised by the amount of archaeological sites and features that are left to find all over the world , " says Parcak . Having spent the last 15 years working in Egypt alongside her husband and fellow archaeologist Greg Mumford on various surveys and excavations , the country holds a special place in Parcak 's heart . And after the Arab Spring movement spread across the Middle East , rumors started circulating of locals looting ancient sites . Now the Egyptologist is developing new techniques so she can work with governments and international organizations to try to prevent the situation from getting worse . "  We 've found that patterns of site looting have increased between 500 and 1000 percent since the start of the Arab Spring . Now this is a problem as old as human beings , " she says . "  People were looting tombs 5,000 years ago in Egypt as soon as people were buried but the problem is only getting worse and worse . " In addition to her archaeological fieldwork , Parcak spends much of her time as an educator at UAB and lecturing around the world . "  If you really want to be a good archaeologist , you have to understand ancient DNA , you have to understand chemical analysis to figure out the composition of ancient pots . You have to be able to study human remains . You need to be able to do computer processing and in some cases , computer programing . "  It 's not a bunch of old folks just digging in the dirt , which is fun , but there 's this whole other world that we can study and the key is science so I try to speak to school groups , and I try to take a lot of time with young people after I present at conferences , " she says . The Egyptologist is n't the only one using aerial technology to advance archeology In June , the U.S.-based National Academy of Sciences released a report where a consortium of archaeologists used airborne lasers to survey Cambodia 's Angkor Wat . The team also announced the remarkable existence of a medieval city hidden beneath the dense jungle . CNN 's Becky Anderson and Sarah Chiplin contributed to this piece .	Sarah Parcak is an Egyptologist and professor at the University of Alabama at Birmingham The space archaeologist uses satellite imaging to locate lost settlements and pyramids Also called "  remote sensing , " the satellite imagery can also be used to crackdown on looting
CNN  -- It captivated millions of people around the world for eight days in the summer of 1969 . It brought glory to the embattled U.S. space program and inspired beliefs that anything was possible . Moon landing hoax theorists point to the "  rippling " flag as evidence the landings were faked . It 's arguably the greatest technological feat of the 20th century . And to some , it was all a lie . Forty years after Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin set foot on the moon , a small cult of conspiracy theorists maintains the historic event -- and the five subsequent Apollo moon landings -- were staged . These people believe NASA fabricated the landings to trump their Soviet rivals and fulfill President Kennedy 's goal of ferrying humans safely to and from the moon by the end of the 1960s . "  I do know the moon landings were faked , " said crusading filmmaker Bart Sibrel , whose aggressive interview tactics once provoked Aldrin to punch him in the face . "  I 'd bet my life on it . " Sibrel may seem crazy , but he has company . A 1999 Gallup poll found that a scant 6 percent of Americans doubted the Apollo 11 moon landing happened , and there is anecdotal evidence that the ranks of such conspiracy theorists , fueled by innuendo-filled documentaries and the Internet , are growing . Twenty-five percent of respondents to a survey in the British magazine Engineering & Technology said they do not believe humans landed on the moon . A handful of Web sites and blogs circulate suspicions about NASA 's "  hoax . " And a Google search this week for "  Apollo moon landing hoax " yielded more than 1.5 billion results . "  We love conspiracies , " said Roger Launius , a senior curator at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington . "  Going to the moon is hard to understand . And it 's easier for some people to accept the answer that , ` Well , maybe we did n't go to the moon . ' A lot of it is naivete . " Conspiracy theories about the Apollo missions began not long after the last astronaut returned from the moon in 1972 . Bill Kaysing , a technical writer for Rocketdyne , which built rocket engines for NASA 's Apollo program , published a 1974 book , "  We Never Went to the Moon : America 's Thirty Billion Dollar Swindle . " In the book and elsewhere , Kaysing argued that NASA lacked the technology in 1969 to land humans safely on the moon , that the Apollo astronauts would have been poisoned by passing through the Van Allen radiation belts that ring the Earth and that NASA 's photos from the moon contained suspicious anomalies . See improved NASA footage of the 1969 moonwalk " Kaysing theorized NASA sent the Apollo 11 astronauts up in a rocket until it was out of sight , then transferred the lunar capsule and its three passengers to a military cargo plane that dropped the capsule eight days later in the Pacific , where it was recovered . In the meantime , he believed , NASA officials filmed the "  moon landing " at Area 51 , the high-security military base in the Nevada desert , and brainwashed the astronauts to ensure their cooperation . Some believe Kaysing 's theories inspired the 1978 movie "  Capricorn One , " in which NASA fakes a Mars landing on a remote military base , then goes to desperate lengths to cover it up . Others insist NASA recruited director Stanley Kubrick , hot off "  2001 : A Space Odyssey , " to film the "  faked " moon landings . Oh , and those moon rocks ? Lunar meteorites from Antarctica . Decades later , Kaysing 's beliefs formed the foundation for "  Conspiracy Theory : Did We Land on the Moon ? " a sensational 2001 Fox TV documentary that spotted eerie "  inconsistencies " in NASA 's Apollo images and TV footage . Among them : no blast craters are visible under the landing modules ; shadows intersect instead of running parallel , suggesting the presence of an unnatural light source ; and a planted American flag appears to ripple in a breeze although there 's no wind on the moon . The hour-long special sparked such interest in the topic that NASA took the unusual step of issuing a news release and posting a point-by-point rebuttal on its Web site . The press release began : "  Yes . Astronauts did land on the moon . " In various documents , NASA has countered that the Apollo astronauts passed through the Van Allen belts too quickly to be exposed to dangerous levels of radiation ; that the module 's descent engines were n't powerful enough to leave a blast crater ; that the shadows in photos were distorted by wide-angle lenses and sloping lunar terrain ; and that the Apollo flags had horizontal support bars that made the flags swing . Kaysing died in 2005 , but not before grabbing the attention of Sibrel , a Nashville , Tennessee , filmmaker who has since become the most visible proponent of the Apollo hoax theories . With funding from an anonymous donor , Sibrel wrote and directed a 47-minute documentary in 2001 that reiterated many of the now-familiar hoax arguments . Critics of moon-landing hoax theorists , and there are many , say it would be impossible for tens of thousands of NASA employees and Apollo contractors to keep such a whopping secret for almost four decades . But Sibrel believes the Apollo program was so compartmentalized that only its astronauts and a handful of high-level NASA officials knew the entire story . Sibrel spent years ambushing Apollo astronauts and insisting they swear on a Bible before his cameras that they walked on the moon . "  When someone has gotten away with a crime , in my opinion , they deserve to be ambushed , " Sibrel said . "  I 'm a journalist trying to get at the truth . " In an episode made infamous on YouTube , Sibrel confronted Aldrin in 2002 and called him "  a coward , a liar and a thief . " Aldrin , then 72 , socked the thirtysomething Sibrel in the face , knocking him backwards . "  I do n't want to call attention to the individuals who are trying to promote and shuffle off this hoax on people , " Aldrin told CNN in a recent interview . "  I feel sorry for the gullible people who 're going to go along with them . I guess it 's just natural human reaction to want to be a part of ` knowing something that somebody does n't know . ' But it 's misguided . It 's just a shame . " It 's been 37 years since the last Apollo moon mission , and tens of millions of younger Americans have no memories of watching the moon landings live . A 2005-2006 poll by Mary Lynne Dittmar , a space consultant based in Houston , Texas , found that more than a quarter of Americans 18 to 25 expressed some doubt that humans set foot on the moon . "  As the number of people who were not yet born at the time of the Apollo program increases , the number of questions -LSB- about the moon landings -RSB- also may increase , " NASA said in a statement . "  Conspiracy theories are always difficult to refute because of the impossibility of proving a negative . " Launius , the National Air and Space Museum curator , believes Apollo conspiracy theories resonate with people who are disengaged from society and distrustful of government . He also believes their numbers are overblown . "  These diehards are really vocal , but they 're really tiny , " he said . But Stuart Robbins , a Ph.D. candidate in astrophysics at the University of Colorado who gives lectures defending NASA from Apollo hoax theorists , believes their influence can be harmful . "  If people do n't think we were able to go to the moon , then they do n't believe in the ingenuity of human achievement , " he said . "  Going to the moon and returning astronauts safely back to Earth is arguably one of the most profound achievements in human history , and so when people simply believe it was a hoax , they lose out on that shared experience and doubt what humans can do . " In its information campaign against Apollo 's "  debunkers , " NASA may have a potent ace up its sleeve , however . Its Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter is now circling the moon with powerful cameras , snapping crisp pictures that could reveal Apollo 11 's Eagle lander squatting on the moon 's surface . Then again , conspiracy theorists may just say NASA doctored the photos . "  Will the LRO 's incredibly high-resolution images of the lunar surface , including , eventually , the Apollo landing sites , finally quell the lunacy of the Moon Hoax believers ? Obviously it wo n't , " writes astronomer Phil Plait in his blog on Discover magazine 's Web site . "  These true believers do n't live in an evidence-based world . "	A cult of conspiracy theorists believe NASA faked the Apollo moon landings The U.S. wanted to avoid embarrassment and trump the Soviets , hoax theorists say Theorists point to "  inconsistencies " in NASA photos and TV footage A poll shows 6 percent of Americans believe the Apollo moon landings were faked
CNN  -- Six-time former major champion Nick Faldo said that big questions surrounding the future of Tiger Woods still remain despite the world No. 1 apologizing for his "  irresponsible and selfish behavior " in a public statement on Friday . The apology from Woods -- which was broadcast around the world from the headquarters of the PGA Tour in Florida -- was the first public statement from the golfer since the 34-year-old admitted to "  transgressions " following a Thanksgiving car crash . However , in an exclusive interview with CNN , Faldo said the comments had done little to answer key questions : "  It was a pretty complete apology and very embarrassing for him , to take the world stage and to apologize for what he has been up to . " "  However , he still left the big question that we as golfers all wanted to know , and that 's when he will come back to the course . Tiger has only delayed the hard questions that will surely follow "  Instead he 's decided to head back to therapy -- which I find difficult to understand as this man had an extremely strong mind on the the golf course . "  I assume he 's paying the bill as I ca n't believe that a man in a white coat would be telling Tiger what to do , " Faldo added . Faldo , who won the U.S. Masters on three occasions , added that Tiger faced a "  long road " back to the top of the game . "  He is the center of attention -- there 's so much talk and gossip behind his back -LSB- now -RSB- , none of it very pretty . To come back now knowing that so many people are talking behind his back ... it will take a long road -LSB- as -RSB- he 's asking for the world to like him again . "  He seems like he is going to put the barriers up -- he wants it completely private . All the leading PR experts would say that he needs to face the music and you need to get it over and done with , but Tiger wants it his way . But the bottom line is it stills looks like a long road to get him back on the golf course . " Golf.com : Players react positively Nike , a major Woods sponsor , reacted to his remarks with the following statement : "  Tiger has apologized and made his position clear . Nike fully supports him and his family . We look forward to him returning to golf . " Elsewhere , PGA Tour Commissioner Tim Finchem told CNN that Woods ' words contained a message of good news after some months of bad headlines . "  The good news from today is that one , he plans to return to golf ; two , it could be by the end of the year , and three , he 's taking the right steps to return . All of that pleases us a great deal . " In response to the criticism Woods faced over refusing to take questions at the press conference , Finchem said : "  I do n't know the extent to which the media will allow him the opportunity to return in the way he wants . Hopefully we can maintain the decorum we have had at our tournament in the past , and we 'd ask golf fans to react positively to his requests . " Fellow golfer John Daly sent his message of reaction via his Twitter account : "  The biggest major Tiger is going to win now -- is going to keep his family and I hope he succeeds ! I wish him all the best ! JD . " Earlier in the day , Spanish golfer Sergio Garcia said in a press conference at the WGC Accenture Match play in Arizona : "  I 'm looking forward to seeing him back on the tour , seeing him play , that 's what we love doing . Other than that , I 'm not really worried about the rest . " Fellow European and world No. 11 Ian Poulter agreed : "  The sooner he comes out to tell us all when he 's going to be coming back to play golf -- great . We all want to see him back on the golf course as soon as possible . "	Nick Faldo says that "  big " question surrounding the future of Tiger Woods still remains Nike releases statement confirming full support to Woods and his family John Daly 's Twitter : "  The biggest major Tiger is going to win now -- is to keep his family "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A 49-year-old woman collapsed and died on the floor of a waiting room at a Brooklyn psychiatric hospital and lay there for more than an hour as employees ignored her , according to the New York Civil Liberties Union , which on Tuesday released surveillance camera video of the incident . Surveillance video shows a woman lying on the hospital floor for almost an hour before anyone helped her . Esmin Green was involuntarily admitted to the psychiatric emergency department of Kings County Hospital Center on June 18 for what the hospital describes as "  agitation and psychosis . " Upon her admission , Green waited nearly 24 hours for treatment , said the civil liberties union , which was among the groups filing suit against the facility last year seeking improved conditions for patients . The surveillance camera video shows the woman rolling off a waiting room chair , landing face-down on the floor and convulsing . Her collapse came at 5:32 a.m. June 19 , the NYCLU said , and she stopped moving at 6:07 a.m. . During that time , the organization said , workers at the hospital ignored her . At 6:35 a.m. , the tape shows a hospital employee approaching and nudging Green with her foot , the group said . Help was summoned three minutes later . Watch the surveillance video " In addition , the organization said , hospital staff falsified Green 's records to cover up the time she had lain there without assistance . "  Contrary to what was recorded from four different angles by the hospital 's video cameras , the patient 's medical records say that at 6 a.m. , she got up and went to the bathroom , and at 6:20 a.m. she was ` sitting quietly in waiting room ' -- more than 10 minutes since she last moved and 48 minutes after she fell to the floor . " The New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , which oversees the hospital , released a statement Tuesday saying it was "  shocked and distressed by this situation . It is clear that some of our employees failed to act based on our compassionate standards of care . " After a preliminary investigation , the corporation said it suspended or terminated six employees , "  including staff involved with the direct care of the patient as well as managers of security and clinical services , " the statement said . A Health and Hospitals Corporation spokeswoman said it was aware of the discrepancies in Green 's record when it began the preliminary investigation on June 20 . That information is now in the hands of various investigatory agencies , she said . The corporation pledged to put "  additional and significant " reforms in place in the wake of the incident . The civil liberties group and the Mental Hygiene Legal Service filed suit against Kings County in May 2007 in federal court , alleging that conditions at the facility are filthy . Patients are often forced to sleep in plastic chairs or floors covered in urine , feces and blood while waiting for beds , the groups allege , and often go without basic hygiene such as showers , clean linens and clean clothes . The lawsuit claims that patients who complain face physical abuse and are injected with drugs to keep them docile . The hospital , the suit alleges , lacks "  the minimal requirements of basic cleanliness , space , privacy , and personal hygiene that are constitutionally guaranteed even to convicted felons . " The video sent the organizations back into court Tuesday , demanding immediate reform . "  What 's happening in Kings County Hospital is an affront to human dignity , " New York Civil Liberties Union Executive Director Donna Lieberman said in a written statement . "  In 2008 in New York City , nobody should be subjected to this kind of treatment . It should not take the death of a patient to get the city to make changes that everyone knows are long overdue . " The Department of Justice recently initiated an investigation into conditions at the hospital , the organization said , prompting the facility to improve some of its problems . "  But the culture of abuse and neglect remains and , as evidenced by the June death , the situation is too dire to wait for the Justice Department to act , " the group said . Among the reforms agreed to in court Tuesday by the hospital are additional staffing ; checking of patients every 15 minutes ; and limiting to 25 the number of patients in the psychiatric emergency ward , officials said . In addition , the hospital said it is expanding crisis-prevention training for staff ; expanding space to prevent overcrowding ; and reducing patients ' wait time for release , treatment or placement in an inpatient bed . On Monday , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he was appalled by the surveillance video . "  Look , I saw the film like everybody else did and I was -- horrified is much too nice a word . Disgusted I think is a better word . I ca n't explain what happened there . " Green , a native of the island of Jamaica , lived alone in Brooklyn 's Brownsville neighborhood . She had no close family in the United States , and her neighbor Beatrice Wallace described her as a quiet woman who had few visitors and spent most of her free time at church . The medical examiner is withholding autopsy results pending further study and investigation into the precise cause of death .	Esmin Green was involuntarily admitted June 18 for "  agitation and psychosis " Kings County Hospital Center was target of lawsuit over conditions Tape shows Green collapse , convulse and lay still ; workers ignore her Group says hospital staff falsified records to cover up incident
CNN  -- Cleveland Browns wide receiver Donte Stallworth was charged in Florida on Wednesday with killing a pedestrian while driving under the influence , a spokesman for the Miami-Dade County state attorney 's office said . Cleveland Browns wide receiver Donte Stallworth has been charged with DUI manslaughter Authorities charged Stallworth , 28 , with DUI manslaughter in the death of Mario Reyes , spokesman Ed Griffith said . Stallworth is expected to surrender in court Thursday , Griffith said . The charge is a bondable offense , and bail is expected to be set at $ 200,000 . If convicted , he could face up to 15 years in prison . According to Griffith , Stallworth 's blood-alcohol level after last month 's accident was measured at 0.126 percent , higher than the state 's legal limit of 0.08 percent . Stallworth was drinking at a Miami Beach , Florida , club early March 14 , court documents say . He later left the club and went to a Miami residence for about 45 minutes before leaving in his black Bentley GT at 7:07 a.m. . He was driving east on the MacArthur Causeway , which connects Miami to the South Beach area of Miami Beach , when he struck Reyes , prosecutors said . Reyes , a construction worker , was crossing the eastbound lanes of the causeway . CNN affiliate WSVN reported that he was heading to a bus stop after leaving work . Reyes , 59 , was struck by the right front and fender of the car and suffered critical head , chest and abdominal injuries , according to an affidavit . He died a short time later at a hospital . Read the affidavit  PDF Stallworth told the arriving officer , "  I hit the man lying in the road , " the affidavit said . He said he had time to honk his horn and flash his headlights to alert Reyes , according to the documents . Police smelled alcohol on his breath , the documents said , and Stallworth provided a blood sample at the scene . Stallworth released a statement four days after the incident saying he and his family were "  grief-stricken . " "  My thoughts and prayers are with the Reyes family during this incredibly difficult time , " he said . Among the expected conditions of Stallworth 's bail are that he consume no alcohol or drugs , submit to random drug and alcohol testing , abide by a curfew between midnight and 6 a.m. , surrender his passport and not drive , according to an agreement setting conditions of his release . He will be allowed to reside in Ohio and Florida as needed , but he must notify authorities 24 hours in advance when traveling . Stallworth and his attorney have been cooperating with authorities , Officer Deborah Doty , spokeswoman for Miami Beach police , said Wednesday . Stallworth , a former University of Tennessee player , has also played professionally for the New England Patriots , the New Orleans Saints and the Philadelphia Eagles . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report	NFL player is expected to surrender in court Thursday ; bail expected to be $ 200,000 . Donte Stallworth 's blood-alcohol level was 0.126 percent ; state 's legal limit is 0.08 If convicted , Stallworth could face up to 15 years in prison .
CNN  -- Much of the East Coast was digging out Sunday after a monster winter storm caused record snowfall in some areas , disrupting holiday travel and shopping and leaving at least four people dead . But the worst of it appeared to be in sight . Winter storm warnings for New York and Long Island expired at 11 a.m. ET Sunday , and warnings for the Boston , Massachusetts , metro area and much of southeastern New England expired at noon . By early Sunday , Bethesda , Maryland , had recorded a whopping 23 inches of snow , and Medford , New Jersey , had seen 24 inches . Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , received its second-highest snowfall in a single event , with 23.2 inches . Is wintry weather affecting you ? Share stories , photos or videos Washington 's Dulles International and Reagan National airports saw snowfall of 18 inches and 16.4 inches , respectively -- the highest one-day totals ever for December . The previous record at Dulles was 10.6 inches in December 1964 , and at Reagan National , it was 11.5 inches in December 1932 . East Coast travelers again were warned to expect treacherous roads Sunday and face flight delays and cancellations . Dulles was accepting flights and had one runway open Sunday , said Tara Hamilton of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority . A runway opened at Reagan National just before 1 p.m. , and flights began taking off . New York 's LaGuardia , John F. Kennedy and Newark airports were all open Sunday morning , according to the Port Authority of New York . However , air traffic was light , said spokesman Steve Coleman . "  The runways are good to go , " he said . But 1,200 flights had been canceled by the airlines at the three airports , according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . JFK airport canceled the most flights , with 550 grounded . American Airlines canceled 160 flights Sunday and has canceled another 20 set for Monday , said airline spokesman Charley Wilson . The 20 Boston and New York flights were grounded because of the backlog of flights the airline has to manage in the wake of the storm . See flight delay info on the Federal Aviation Administration 's Web site Elsewhere in New York , the Long Island Railroad was running limited service , but train service was suspended on several branches . Two people were killed in weather-related crashes , the Virginia State Police said Sunday , and "  there are two additional deaths that are likely related to the winter storm . " See traffic and road closure information Virginia Gov. Timothy Kaine authorized up to 1,000 National Guardsmen to assist in response to the storm , which had dumped up to 18 inches of snow in parts of the region by Saturday evening . Through 8 a.m. Sunday , Virginia State Police had responded to more than 6,100 calls for service , nearly half of those for traffic crashes and disabled vehicles . The storm , known as a nor'easter , blanketed the mid-Atlantic region and the heavily populated I-95 corridor . However , the interstate itself was in good shape Sunday morning , reported CNN producer Xuan Thai , who drove to Washington from Philadelphia . She said while traffic was extremely light , snowplows were out and the roads were cleared . Meanwhile , people in western North Carolina were digging out from the powerful storm . About 28,000 households had no power into Sunday night , including 24,118 in Asheville 's Buncombe County , said Drew Elliot , spokesman for Progress Energy . That 's down from 50,000 in Buncombe on Saturday . Power has been restored to 39,000 households , according to Elliot , but new outages continue as trees or branches fall on power lines . While the majority of customers should have electricity by Monday , "  We do n't see full restoration until midweek , " Elliot said . The weather delayed the start of two National Football League games Sunday . The Chicago Bears-Baltimore Ravens and San Francisco 49ers-Philadelphia Eagles games began at 4:15 p.m. ET instead of 1 p.m. to allow crews to clear streets and walkways in and around stadiums . The weekend storm could rival the Knickerbocker blizzard of 1922 , which dropped between 28 and 33 inches of snow in the Washington area , said CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis . "  I do n't know that it will be a record-breaker , but this is significant , " Maginnis said . "  This is a really bad storm . " The foul weather prompted an emergency declaration in Washington , stranded hundreds of motorists , shut down airports , caused power outages and threatened to keep hordes of holiday shoppers indoors . New York City sanitation staffers worked all night to dig out , Mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters Sunday . The heaviest snow fell in the eastern part of the city -- 12 inches in the Rockaways , he said , as opposed to 6 inches in the Bronx . Officials were focusing on clearing the highways and bus routes before surface streets , he said , but it estimated most streets would be cleared by Sunday night . Authorities reported "  no major snow-related incidents , " Bloomberg said . Virginia State Police reported travel was still hazardous in several areas Sunday , saying , "  Virginians are still discouraged from traveling unless absolutely necessary . " Slick road conditions , disabled vehicles and crashes were reported on I-81 through the New River Valley west of Roanoke , authorities said , and U.S. 29 was also hazardous . Numerous vehicles were pulled off I-81 overnight Saturday and early Sunday . On I-81 Saturday night , authorities moved motorists to shelters because of traffic stoppages , said Bob Spieldenner , spokesman for the Virginia Department of Emergency Management . Those people were being taken back to their cars and put back on the road Sunday , he said . About 73,000 utility customers were without power Sunday , he said . Washington Mayor Adrian M. Fenty said the storm is "  perhaps the biggest we 've seen in several years . " "  We are going to throw everything we have at it to keep the District open for business on this busy pre-holiday weekend , " Fenty said as he announced the snow emergency . But he also urged residents to stay put in their homes . "  We urge everyone if you do n't have to go anywhere , wait . This snow should end early tomorrow morning with a 24-hour cleanup , " Fenty said . "  We should have a lot of streets ready to go by rush hour Monday . And , hopefully , all of it done between Monday and Wednesday . " Nine people were taken to a hospital after a bus and city snow plow collided , a Washington fire official said . The injuries are not considered serious . The storm also halted above-ground Metrorail operations in the District because of the "  heavy snowfall that is covering the electrified third rail , " according to the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority . West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin on Saturday declared a state of emergency and "  authorized the use of the National Guard to assist with snow removal and emergency assistance and operations . " Manchin said West Virginia is working to help stranded motorists , clear roadways and restore power outages . Farther north , Boston Mayor Thomas Menino declared a snow emergency after forecasts of up to 15 inches of snow with 30-mph winds between Saturday night and late Sunday morning . CNN 's Sean Morris , Larry Lazo and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : American Airlines canceled 160 Sunday flights and 20 scheduled for Monday NEW : About 28,000 still without power in western North Carolina , utility official says Several East Coast cities see record-setting snows of about 2 feet At least four dead in Virginia ; residents urged to stay home
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Lao Airlines is investigating that possibility that a plane crash that killed 49 people Wednesday was caused by "  wind shear , " an airline official said . Wind shear -- a sudden change in wind speed or direction over a short distance -- has been a factor in many air disasters . Chalerm Taiyalad , a Lao Airlines vice-president , said it was raining heavily at the time Flight QV301 was approaching for landing at Pakse Airport , near the Thai border , after departing from the capital Vientiane . Gusts from the remnants of Typhoon Nari appeared to have caused the pilots to lose control of the ATR 72 aircraft , he said . The ATR 72 propeller plane was preparing to land when a gust of wind appeared to push it away from the airport , and it crashed on or near an island in the Mekong River , reported KPL , the national news agency . Forty-nine people -- 44 passengers and 5 crew -- were killed in the crash . They included 16 Laotian passengers and five crew , seven French , six Australians , five Thais , three Koreans , two Vietnamese , an American , a Canadian , a Chinese , a Malaysian and one Taiwanese , Taiyalad said . He said five bodies had been recovered from the Mekong River , while the black box and the remains of the aircraft remained unaccounted for , along with the remaining 44 bodies . Families of the victims were arriving in Pakse , awaiting the recovery of their relatives . Somphone Doungdara , CEO of Lao Airlines , said his company was working with authorities and investigators from the aircraft manufacturer to determine the cause of the crash . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the families affected by this terrible tragedy , " he said . Plane crash kills 14 at Nigeria airport CNN 's Kocha Olarn in Bangkok and Brandon Miller contributed to this report .	NEW : Five bodies recovered from Lao Airlines crash , 44 still missing Flight was headed from Vientiane to Pakse , Laos , Thai official says Remnants of Typhoon Nari have been hitting the area The plane was preparing to land amid heavy gusts of wind and rain
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Hours before the first primary vote of 2012 , Republican front-runner Mitt Romney tried to recover from a potential stumble Monday as his presidential rivals intensified their attacks against him . Voters in New Hampshire 's first-in-the-nation primary begin choosing their GOP candidates as early as 12 a.m. Tuesday in two small towns -- Dixville Notch and Hart 's Location -- while polling stations in the rest of the state open at 6 a.m. and close as late as 8 p.m. ET . The final day of campaigning saw Romney under fire for a comment about health insurance that quickly became fodder for criticism . Asked about the issue in Nashua , New Hampshire , Romney said he wanted a person to be able to own his or her own policy "  and perhaps keep it the rest of their life . " "  That means the insurance company will have the incentive to keep you healthy . It also means if you do n't like what they do , you can fire them , " he said . "  I like being able to fire people who provide services to me , " Romney added . "  If someone does n't give me the good service I need , I want to say I am going to get somebody else to provide that service to me . " Rival candidate Jon Huntsman immediately seized on the comment as an indication of Romney 's political nature . "  It has become abundantly clear over the last couple of days what differentiates Gov. Romney and me , " Huntsman said in Concord . "  I will always put my country first . It seems that Gov. Romney believes in putting politics first . Gov. Romney enjoys firing people . I enjoy creating jobs . " The Democratic National Committee released a derisive Web video and called Romney "  out of touch , " while the campaign of Texas Gov. Rick Perry looped Romney 's words to make a cell phone ring tone that quickly went viral . Romney spent much of the rest of the day clarifying what he meant . At one point , Romney said he expected the comment to be taken out of context to try to hurt him , and his campaign issued a statement emphasizing he was talking about firing an insurance company , not people . "  Our opponents are taking Gov. Romney 's comments completely out of context , " said a statement by Gail Gitcho , the campaign 's communications director . "  Gov. Romney was talking about firing insurance companies if you do n't like their service . That is something that most Americans agree with . " The latest twist in the GOP presidential race came on the eve of the first primary election a week after Romney won the Iowa caucuses by just eight votes over former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum . With Romney in front in polls in New Hampshire and South Carolina , the site of the first Southern state primary on January 21 , rivals stepped up their attacks by questioning the former Massachusetts governor 's business background and electability . In Manchester , former House speaker Newt Gingrich tore into Romney 's record in the private sector at the helm of Bain Capital . Though Romney has said his work at the Boston-based private equity firm ultimately led to the creation of 100,000 jobs , Gingrich said Romney 's pursuit of wealth exacted a huge cost . "  What you have to raise questions about is , somebody goes out , invests a certain amount of money , say $ 30 million , takes out an amount , say $ 180 million -- six to one return -- and then the company goes bankrupt , " Gingrich said . "  Now , you have to ask a question : Is capitalism really about the ability of a handful of rich people to manipulate the lives of thousands of other people and walk off with the money ? Or is that , in fact , a little bit of a flawed system ? And so I do draw a distinction between looting a company , leaving behind broken families and broken neighbors , and leaving behind a factory that should be there . " Romney fired back that Gingrich and others were joining President Barack Obama in attacking the free enterprise system . "  As we 'll find out , free enterprise will be on trial , " Romney said . "  I thought it was going to come from the president , from the Democrats , from the left , but instead it 's coming from Speaker Gingrich and apparently others . " Gingrich had vowed earlier to run a positive campaign . But his tone has changed since his poll numbers plunged over the past month and he came in fourth in last Tuesday 's Iowa caucuses . "  My conclusion after Iowa was very simple , " he said Monday in Manchester in response to a question . "  You could not engage in unilateral disarmament when 45 % of all the ads being run were attacks on me . To do that would be to get out of the race . " In Derry , New Hampshire , Santorum predicted the Republican field will narrow to a showdown between himself and Romney , "  and we 'll win this race . " Responding to a reporter 's question about his electability , Santorum said the country is more likely to elect a "  strong conservative " than a man who has "  run  previous elections  as a liberal , a moderate , and a conservative . " Santorum also cautioned voters to avoid the "  establishment candidate . " "  When we 've run establishment candidates , we 've lost , " he said , referring to veteran candidates in past elections who he said were nominated because of a perception it was their due after long careers . "  We lost with John McCain , we lost with Bob Dole . We lost with Gerry Ford . " Perry , meanwhile , made fun of Romney 's comment over the weekend that he knows what it 's like to worry about getting a pink slip , questioning whether such a wealthy man as Romney would fear losing a job . Campaigning in South Carolina , the site of the next primary on January 21 and the first Southern state to weigh in , Perry said people there were out of work "  because of what Mitt Romney and Bain Capital did . " Perry 's decision to leave New Hampshire for South Carolina on Monday reflected his low poll numbers in the Granite State and hopes to revitalize his campaign in the traditionally conservative Palmetto State . Another candidate , Texas Rep. Ron Paul , said he was holding back on big spending in another upcoming key primary state -- Florida . Paul , who has consistently been among the top three in polling , told CNN that he would focus instead on caucuses that come after Florida 's primary on January 31 . "  We do n't have a big campaign planned there , but they 'll know we 're there , " Paul said in an interview . Florida was penalized by the Republican National Committee for moving its primary earlier than rules allowed , with its 99 delegates cut down to 50 . Still , Florida is a critically important state for the general election . Asked about not focusing on Florida , Paul pointed out he had to prioritize spending his available campaign funding and had done well so far with a third-place finish in Iowa and polls showing him contending for second place behind Romney in New Hampshire . "  I think it tells you that we are realistic . That 's the way we approached Iowa , we did pretty well there , and right now , polls are looking pretty good up here . So I think we 're being realistic , we should n't be acting like the government and spend money we do n't have , " Paul said with a chuckle . Paul 's campaign chairman , Jesse Benton , said the focus after South Carolina will be the caucus states of Nevada , Louisiana , and Maine , which offer a total of 98 delegates , and where Paul 's aides hope to rack up enough to keep their campaign going all the way to the Republican Convention in Tampa , Florida . Paul also made clear that if he does better than expected here in New Hampshire and can raise more cash , his campaign might change course and compete more forcefully in Florida . "  We have to wait and see how things go , " Paul said . Huntsman , meanwhile , has made New Hampshire his make-or-break contest . He skipped campaigning in Iowa to spend all of his time stumping the Granite State , starting Monday in Lebanon in the north before working his way south to the coast . A new poll Monday night by the American Research Group showed Huntsman 's support rising , with 18 % of respondents supporting him -- good for second place behind the 37 % support for consistent front-runner Romney . Paul was third at 17 % and Santorum fourth with 11 % , followed by Gingrich at 10 % and Perry at 1 % . The poll of likely New Hampshire primary voters had an error margin of 4 % . Romney and other GOP candidates also targeted Obama with sharp rhetoric Monday . "  I am very concerned that over the last three years you have seen , America , a very difficult time , " Romney told an afternoon event in Hudson , New Hampshire . "  This has not been a continuation of America 's greatness from the past . I think it has been more of a detour than the destiny of America . I actually think the president has tried , but he has failed . " At a luncheon with business leaders in Greenville , South Carolina , Perry attacked the Obama administration for suing to block an immigration law recently enacted there , and he chided the National Labor Relations Board for intervening in the construction of a Boeing Dreamliner facility in Charleston . "  South Carolina , you are in a state of war with the federal government , " Perry said . In New Hampshire , the other candidates were busy . Gingrich had seven planned events Monday while Santorum scheduled six . However , Gingrich canceled his final event because of what his campaign said were security concerns over protesters at the entrance and exits . Paul started Monday by greeting a crush of voters in Manchester . "  I wonder what the fire marshal would think , " he said as he shook hands . "  Let 's keep it a secret . " Paul , who has the backing of many libertarians , predicted he will do well in New Hampshire because of his appeal among the 40 % of Granite Staters who say they 're independent voters . "  I think the people here in New Hampshire are very independent-minded , and I have a strong appeal because I have challenged both the Republican and Democratic Party leadership , and that means they want a message of cleaning house , " Paul said in Meredith . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Peter Hamby , Dana Bash , Chris Welch , Rachel Streitfeld and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman moves up in latest poll Mitt Romney says he expects his comment on firing people to be taken out of context "  Romney enjoys firing people , I enjoy creating jobs , " rival Huntsman says Newt Gingrich says he has to go negative against Romney
CNN  -- Veteran Los Angeles Lakers guard Derek Fisher has been praised by his teammates after helping the defending champions to a 91-84 victory over the Boston Celtics in the third game of the best-of-seven series NBA finals . As Lakers star Kobe Bryant 's points tally began to dry up , the 35-year-old scored 11 points in the last quarter to seal victory for his team and a 2-1 series advantage . With less than a minute to go he produced a crucial layup that gave the West Coast side a seven-point lead which the Celtics could not recover from . Bryant , who finished with a team-high 29 points from 29 shots , was full of praise for Fisher -- who scored 16 in total and was mobbed by his teammates at the final whistle . "  Fisher is our vocal leader , the heart and soul of this team , " Bryant told the official Lakers Web site . "  He 's been criticized quite a bit for his age . It 's a huge thrill for him and for all of us to see him come through in these moments . " Game two : Celtics level series "  I love what I do . I love helping my team win , " Fisher added on his team 's official Web site . "  To come through tonight , again , for this team , 14 years in after so many great moments , it 's always quite surreal . " Celtics coach Doc Rivers , whose team last won the NBA title back in 2008 , also admitted that Fisher 's performance played a pivotal role in the Lakers win . "  He was the difference in the game , " Rivers told the official NBA Web site . "  He 's just a gutty , gritty player . He basically took the game over . " Game one : Lakers win opener Rivers ' East Coast team lost the first game of the series in Los Angeles on June 3 but took home-court advantage away from the Californians , beating them in the second game on June 6 . Play now remains in Boston for game four on Thursday , and the New England side will be hoping they can once again get the better of the Lakers , this time on their home court . "  You ca n't really write the story until the next game . As a team we 're just going to come out and play with a lot of energy , " the Celtics ' Rajon Rondo , who scored just 11 points in what was a disappointing night for his team , told the official NBA Web site . "  I think we lost our composure tonight in a couple possessions and that hurt us . " After two poor games , Kevin Garnett was Boston 's top scorer with 25 points . But off-days from Paul Pierce and Ray Allen -- who scored an impressive 32 in game two -- allowed the Lakers to open up a lead of 12 points at halftime . The Celtics did attempt a comeback in the second half , reducing their opponents ' advantage to just one , but they were not strong enough to overtake the Lakers . The Lakers are defending the title they won against Orlando last year , while the Celtics are looking to reclaim the crown they have won a record 17 times -- their last victory coming over the L.A. side in 2008 .	L.A. Lakers beat Boston Celtics 91-84 in the third match of the best-of-seven NBA finals The Lakers are now leading the series 2-1 with the next game to be played in Boston Derek Fisher scored 11 in the last quarter and Kobe Bryant 29 in the game to aid the Lakers win Kevin Garnett scored 25 for Celtics but Paul Pierce and Ray Allen had poor scoring days
CNN  -- A journal written by the 19-year-old gunman in last week 's Maryland mall shooting offers no clues to a key question investigators are asking -- whether Darion Aguilar knew the young man and woman he shot and killed before turning the gun on himself . While police in Howard County , Maryland , are not yet releasing the contents of the journal , they said Tuesday that from his writings , it appears Aguilar knew he had mental health issues . They did not elaborate on that point . But why did he go to The Mall in Columbia on Saturday and fire as many as nine shots into a skateboard apparel shop ? Gunman 's mother says he was ` gentle , sweet ' Aguilar was an avid skateboarder , a friend of his family said . As of now , that 's the only known link between him and the skate shop Zumiez . Investigators are distributing fliers with Aguilar 's picture to those in and around the mall , in hopes of finding people who either knew him or saw him . Aguilar was known to frequent the mall , according to police , where "  he would hang outside and smoke in small groups . " Investigators are also working on retrieving data from Aguilar 's computer and cell phone , according to police . Still , his motive remains a mystery . It started out as a routine day in busy mall Aguilar 's mother told reporters Sunday that her son was a "  gentle , sweet kid , " and that she does n't think he knew his victims -- 21-year-old Brianna Benlolo and 25-year-old Tyler Johnson . On Saturday , a federal official briefed on the shooting told CNN that preliminary information suggested the gunman aimed only at Benlolo and Johnson , perhaps indicating it was an isolated situation and not a wider shooting spree . "  I know there 's a lot of interest in the motive for this , and I have as much interest in that as anybody , " Howard County Police Chief Bill McMahon said Sunday . Benlolo was an assistant manager at Zumiez . She had worked there since November 2012 , according to her Facebook page . Friend Evelyn McDonald said Benlolo , the mother of a small boy , was "  just full of energy . " "  She was so nice and just an amazing artist and just an amazing person inside and out , " McDonald told CNN . "  She loved her son . She loved being a mother , " McDonald said . Cops : Mall gunman expressed ` general unhappiness ' in journal Johnson had worked at the store for about three months , according to his Facebook page . Five people went to the hospital for treatment after the shooting . All were treated and released . Four suffered injuries in the chaos after the shooting . The other injured victim suffered a gunshot wound to the foot . Police said the woman was n't in Zumiez ; rather , she was on the first floor when she was hit . The mall reopened Monday afternoon , but the Zumiez store will be closed indefinitely , according to a sign on the boarded-up storefront . The simple thing your mall can do to protect you CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	A journal written by gunman Darion Aguilar indicates he had mental health issues But it provides no insight as to whether he knew his victims Aguilar shot and killed two people Saturday before committing suicide
CNN  The best part of the Supreme Court oral arguments about marriage equality was when Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg alluded to S&M . OK , she did n't actually mention S&M , but Ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has already changed from long ago , when it was "  a dominant and a subordinate relationship . " "  Yes , it was marriage between a man and a woman , but the man decided where the couple would be domiciled , " said Ginsburg . "  It was her obligation to follow him . " Mary Bonauto , the attorney arguing on behalf of the four same-sex couples who petitioned the Supreme Court , said in response : "  That 's correct . ... For centuries we had and Europe had this coverture system where a woman 's legal identity was absorbed into that of her husband and men and women had different prescribed legal roles . And again , because of equality and changing social circumstances , all of those gender differences in the rights and responsibilities of the married pair have been eliminated . " Once upon a time , wives were the legal property of their husbands and "  marital rape " was not only not a crime but not even a concept . To argue that the definition of marriage has not changed since then is either willfully ignorant or woefully naïve . Justice Anthony Kennedy , widely believed to be the key swing vote amidst a court otherwise generally evenly divided along ideological lines , at one point referred to "  the nobility and the sacredness of marriage . " Which is true , if you ignore the history of its past and the reality of infidelity in the present . If anything , the nobility and sacredness of marriage need protecting from straight people . One downside to arguing that marriage has "  always been " between a man and a woman is that , therefore , any problems in the institution of marriage are also plainly the responsibility of heterosexual couples , too . The one justice who did n't ask a question is Clarence Thomas , who , with one slight exception , has now gone over nine years without a single inquiry from the bench . It should be carefully noted here that Thomas is a black man married to a white woman . Anti-miscegenation laws banning interracial marriage were first introduced in 1661 in Maryland . That means that by 1967 , when the Supreme Court considered the constitutionality of such laws , bans against interracial marriage had been officially part of the American "  definition " of marriage for over 300 years . Just 20 years after the Supreme Court struck down the anti-miscegenation laws still in effect in 16 states , Clarence Thomas and his wife , Virginia , were married . James Braxton Peterson , director of Africana Studies at Lehigh University , has written , "  The fact that the Thomas ' marriage required progressive Supreme Court action must in some way inform their sense of this moment . " Or maybe not . Clarence Thomas did n't say one way or the other , though his remarks outside court and in dissenting opinions suggest he 's firmly opposed to the Supreme Court doing for other loving relationships what it once did for his own . But perhaps the example of Clarence Thomas speaks to what seems most glaring about the oral arguments in the marriage equality cases , namely that just as with the rest of America , the Supreme Court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics . Perhaps this was always the case , justices hiding their personal beliefs behind legal rationales . Still , the marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law . On the one hand , pulling pages right from Republican presidential candidates , conservative Chief Justice John Roberts suggested the court should n't intervene in a state-driven social debate . Aping conservative religious activists , Justice Samuel Alito asked whether four people could then get married . On the other hand , Justice Stephen Breyer talked about marriage as a fundamental liberty while Justice Elena Kagan pushed back on whether legalizing same-sex marriage would really harm or take anything away from opposite-sex couples . Both arguments , and the moral force beneath them , seemed to echo gay rights messaging . Still , the highly political and momentous decision in Loving vs. Virginia was unanimous . Whichever way the court rules on same-sex marriage , it appears unlikely the ruling will be unanimous . So , while the definition of marriage has unarguably evolved , a fact hopefully the Supreme Court will soon confirm with a ruling in favor of marriage equality , what 's also clear is that the court has evolved . Blown by the winds of partisanship whipping up America in general , the Supreme Court is increasingly divorced from reason and submissive to politics . The question remains not what is fundamentally the right decision -- I think both law and morality are clear in favor of equal treatment . The question is simply which side of the court will dominate the other .	Sally Kohn : Supreme Court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics She says marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law
CNN  The United States Department of Justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs , and the charges are serious indeed . A 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California bristles with accusations of conspiracies , transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions , violations of the Controlled Substances Act , misbranding charges , and money laundering charges . Who is this menace to society ? FedEx . Yes , the courier delivery service . Wait , can companies even be charged with crimes ? Where would a FedEx be incarcerated ? Is there a corporate Shawshank Prison ? How does one fit a company for a prison jumpsuit ? It turns out a corporation can indeed be prosecuted like a person . It 's a practice the Supreme Court has approved of for over a century . In fact , in many ways they are easier to prosecute than people . Corporations do n't have all the same inconvenient constitutional rights as citizens accused of crimes . Imprisoning convicted citizens is expensive , but corporate convictions , on the other hand , turn tidy profits for the U.S. government , with zero prison overhead . Even if corporations can be held criminally liable , should a courier service like FedEx be held liable for "  possessing " what bad guys may send through the service ? The answer , according to FedEx , is not just "  No , " but a "  No " so conclusive that this case should never see a courtroom . The company maintains that it is innocent . It has a point . "  Possession " is an elusive concept . When it comes to drugs , the law recognizes two kinds of possession : actual and constructive . Actual possession is when you have physical control over the contraband . When you have a gun in your hand or drugs in your pocket , you "  actually " possess those things . The somewhat hazier concept of "  constructive possession " means you can "  possess " something without even having it on your person , as long as you have ownership , dominion or control over the contraband or the property where it is found . For example , the government would argue that while you may not have actual possession of the 5,000 OxyContin pills in the trunk of your car parked in your driveway , you "  constructively " possessed them . Conversely , sometimes you can be holding something in your hand or have it in your vehicle , but not "  possess " it either actually or constructively , in the eyes of the law . Such is the case with couriers who routinely drive to your home , walk up to your door and hand you a package , completely ignorant about what is inside it . It 's hard to argue the UPS guy intentionally "  possessed " your subscription to porno mags , in their nondescript brown packaging . That is the idea behind the "  common carrier " exception to possession , and a large part of FedEx 's compelling legal argument . A "  common carrier " is one who offers its services to members of the public -- without much discretion -- and is engaged in the business of transporting persons or property for compensation . The public policy reasons behind "  common carrier " exemptions make sense ; the industry simply could n't function if every driver , courier and handler who touches a valid shipment of OxyContin had to obtain a prescription for opiates to be legally allowed to deliver it to your front door . That would lead to an absurd result . That 's why the Controlled Substances Act and the Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act allow common carriers to lawfully possess controlled substances , so long as it is in the usual course of their business . Of course , this is not a permission slip for drug runners to avoid liability by calling themselves "  common carriers . " That 's why the "  usual course of business " language acts as an additional safety measure . In court papers , FedEx 's lawyers offer the example of an airline whose sole activity was flying controlled substances from Jamaica to Miami . This would not be acting in the usual course of business of a common carrier , since this imaginary airline is not offering its services to the public , generally . On the other hand , FedEx argues that it is indeed a common carrier , performing the normal duties of a common carrier , because  a  it is engaged in the business of transportation of property and  b  it offers its services to the public generally . It 's hard to imagine extending liability to common carriers for possession of contraband . Does this mean a Greyhound bus driver becomes liable for marijuana possessed by a passenger ? The bus driver would argue he has no reason to know if a particular passenger is carrying drugs . But if the guy boards the bus with a Grateful Dead T-shirt and a set of bongos , should n't the driver at least have a hunch ? That seems dangerously close to profiling . Is this another illogical straw man argument ? Maybe . Obviously , the Department of Justice disagrees , which is why it has brought this criminal prosecution . According to the indictment , from at least as early as 2004 , the Drug Enforcement Administration , the Food and Drug Administration , and members of Congress put FedEx on notice that illegal Internet pharmacies were using its shipping services to distribute controlled substances and prescription drugs in violation of the Controlled Substances Act , the Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act , and numerous state laws . The indictment alleges that as early as 2004 , FedEx knew that it was delivering drugs to dealers and addicts . FedEx 's couriers in Kentucky , Tennessee , and Virginia expressed safety concerns that were circulated to FedEx senior management . The DOJ is making the argument that even though FedEx carries and delivers whatever is handed to it by the public , FedEx knew or should have known in specific instances that it was involving itself in suspicious drug activity . It raises a larger question , though : Why do we prosecute inanimate objects that we ca n't even incarcerate ? The answer is the same reason that the drug dealers deal drugs , and drug smugglers smuggle them : Money . Power . The government in these cases gets to impose its will and policy upon large corporations -- in this case , it would be to force FedEx to help law enforcement in policing shady pharmaceutical transportation . The government also gets to extract gargantuan sums of money from corporations in "  deferred prosecution agreements . " The reason you do n't see a lot of corporate trials is because most companies prefer to enter into such agreements ; for a company , a public prosecution alone would be tantamount to a death sentence , whether or not it 's found guilty . Still , every defense attorney would love to offer the option to his or her human clients of avoiding felony conviction and a potential life sentence -- by agreeing to pay some fines . Do n't get me wrong : I 'm all about prosecuting the black market , especially if that means prosecuting the guys who send us those spam emails to our work accounts with "  V1AGRA " in the subject line , for our co-workers to see while we go to the bathroom . I want those guys locked up for sure . I 'm just not sure that FedEx has anything to do with the kingpins of the "  FR33 CYALIS " email campaign . The DOJ 's underlying intentions are noble enough -- this is an attack on the supply line of the illegal drug market by attacking the actual supply chain . It makes good strategic sense . It might seem like good financial sense in the short run , with the millions in fines extracted from corporations , but that money has to come from somewhere . It 's just a matter of time before that trickles down to job cuts and less leg room on our flights . It probably does n't make good legal sense either . Yes , we have been treating corporations as fictional "  persons " for centuries in some ways -- but it 's silly to treat them as persons in all ways . FedEx has a strong argument for dismissal in this case , but even if not , it wo n't be swapping its logo orange for prison orange anytime soon .	Justice Department prosecuting FedEx over unauthorized shipment of drugs Danny Cevallos : FedEx has a strong argument that it should n't be held responsible
CNN  -- You 've probably heard that the Turkish government 's attempt to ban Twitter quickly collapsed into farce . From USA Today : "  More than 2.5 million tweets -- or over 17,000 per minute -- were reportedly posted  from Turkey  in the first 24 hours after the ban , according to several media reports . HootSuite , a Vancouver , Canada-based startup that measures and analyzes Twitter marketing campaigns , said in a corporate blog post that its traffic from Turkey tripled in the first day after the ban . So ... all is good , right ? Not right . Turkey is a NATO ally , a candidate for membership in the European Union , a front-line state facing Iran , Syria and Russia -- and it is heading seriously in the wrong direction . A lot of people have invested a lot of time and effort denying that unwelcome news . It can be denied no longer . Turkey 's Twitter-banning prime minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , came to power after a big election win in 2002 . Erdogan 's party was staunchly Islamic , yet seemingly committed to electoral democracy . Its victory was hailed by many as a hopeful sign for the post-9 / 11 world . Europe had Christian Democratic parties ; why could n't Turkey have a Muslim Democratic party ? Indeed , Erdogan-style Muslim Democracy seemed a decade ago the striking alternative to radical Islamism , a political alternative that would integrate religion into politics while preserving individual freedom and democratic decision-making . Erdogan and his Islamic regime lifted restrictions on the wearing of hijab in public buildings . He abolished the daily pledge of allegiance to a secular Turkey required in all Turkish schools since 1933 . He downgraded the longstanding Turkish relationship with Israel and mused instead about a "  neo-Ottoman " role for Turkey at the head of the Middle East 's Muslim nations . He and his party passed restrictions on the sale and promotion of alcohol and boldly disavowed the equality of the sexes . At the same time , the Erdogan government did initiate important economic liberation of Turkey 's traditionally state-led economy . He made concessions to ethnic and religious minorities . It seemed imaginable that Erdogan 's reactionary religious message could somehow be fused with modern economics and tolerance . President Barack Obama certainly imagined so : In a 2012 interview with CNN 's Fareed Zakaria , the President cited Prime Minister Erdogan as one of the five foreign leaders with whom he 'd forged his closest "  bonds of trust " . Yet from the start , Erdogan 's Islamic democracy had a strongly authoritarian whiff to it . Through the Erdogan years , Turkey has led the world in the number of journalists jailed , ahead of both China and Iran . Erdogan 's government banned YouTube for two years beginning in 2007 , purged and jailed hundreds of politically uncongenial military officers and reshaped both police and the judiciary . Turkish voters overlooked and forgave these infringements . They elected and twice re-elected Erdogan . Turkey achieved genuine economic progress during his rule . Ordinary Turks believed that their blunt , traditionalist prime minister cherished their interests in a way his more cosmopolitan predecessors did not . Then came the swirl of corruption rumors , corruption on a massive multi-billion dollar scale . Police fired tear gas and water cannon at people protesting the death of a 15-year-old boy who died in demonstrations against development of Gezi Park in central Istanbul . Audio was posted to social media that purported to reveal the prime minister in plots with his son to collect and conceal tens of millions of Euros in illegal cash .  Erdogan has claimed that a corruption investigation that entangled four of his former cabinet ministers is a "  coup plot " and that some of the recordings are "  immorally edited material " . Erdogan has responded with more censorship and more controls , culminating in the Twitter ban . That ban failed -- yet the underlying problem remains : the country that was once the West 's most reliable partner in the Islamic world is not so reliable any more . Turkey defies embargoes to trade with Iran . Turkish foreign policy has sought to build relationships with everyone and anyone except Turkey 's traditional Western partners : with Syria , China , Russia , anyone . With Russia 's seizure of Crimea , the once-exotic and once-remote Black Sea region has suddenly emerged as a central global zone of conflict . Time was when the United States and the Western world could count on a steady , responsible and democratizing ally on the south shore of that sea . No more . The Twitter ban has collapsed . All the bad impulses that imposed that Twitter ban remain in place -- and will remain so long as Erdogan remains in office . The promise of an Islamic version of Christian Democracy has proved a big lie . Instead , the country that was once the most stable , reliable and democratic state in the Islamic world seems now to have cast itself as the region 's saddest backward-slider -- with its ever more authoritarian leader playing the role of an Islamic Vladimir Putin , or maybe Eva Peron . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Turkey once gave people hope for the future of democracy in Islamic nations He says voters have repeatedly backed prime minister Erdogan 's path for Turkey After corruption scandal and criticism , Erdogan sought to shut off Twitter Frum : U.S. , allies can no longer count on Turkey as a stable force in a crucial region
CNN  -- He 's created some of the world 's highest-earning stage shows , so it 's only fitting that Andrew Lloyd Webber will be in the limelight on the day of the planet 's most expensive horse race . The man behind hits such as "  Cats , " "  Starlight Express " and "  The Phantom of the Opera " also has a big interest in the sport of kings , through which he met his third wife Madeleine -- a former equestrian rider who competed alongside Britain 's Princess Anne . Married since 1991 , they have owned a stud on a 5,000-acre site in Watership Down  setting for the 1970s novel and film of the same name  which has produced a series of winners . The latest is The Fugue -- a filly who has already amassed earnings in excess of $ 1.5 million and boasts her own Twitter page with more than 1,000 followers . The name is befitting of her owners -- the fugue being the most complex polyphonic musical form , involving imitation -- while the literal translation of "  to chase " is considerably more apt for the animal . "  I 've ridden a lot of good horses in a relatively short period of time and she 's right up there with the very best . She 's a superstar , " says jockey William Buick , who rode her for the first time less than two weeks ago . The Fugue will not be lining up in the showpiece $ 10 million Dubai World Cup , which is run on artificial turf , but will compete earlier Saturday in the Dubai Duty Free Stakes -- which has a relatively paltry $ 5 million on offer and is held on a traditional surface . It is the richest day of thoroughbred racing on the planet , with $ 27.25 million up for grabs in total . "  She 's a filly whose best form , her only form , is on the turf , " says trainer John Gosden . "  Had it been the end of the season we might have thought differently . "  But this is her very first race of the year so we felt it best as a filly to run her on the surface she knows and likes best even if the distance is slightly shorter than she might normally run over . " Last year The Fugue won the Irish Champion Stakes Group One race and came second at the prestigious Breeders ' Cup in the U.S. . She is the bookmakers ' favorite this weekend -- though punters at the $ 1 billion Meydan Racecourse will not be able to bet on the outcome due to Dubai 's rules against gambling . "  She 's a talented filly and she 's won some lovely races but a couple of times she 's been unlucky and not had the rub of the green , " says Gosden , a former economist who -- with Buick -- makes up an unconventional team behind The Fugue . If Madeleine Lloyd Webber -- who met the theater impresario through his horse-loving neighbors in the southern English county of Hampshire -- is the mastermind behind the stud since its inception in 1992 , then Gosden is the former "  wayward son " who has rediscovered his true path in life . "  I met them some years ago training close to where they live , " he says . "  Obviously for Andrew the horses would n't be his primary focus but he and his wife are great horse people . " The son of a famous trainer -- John "  Towser " Gosden , who won the 1966 Epsom Derby a year before he died -- he initially veered away from following in his footsteps . He studied economics at Cambridge University where he met his lawyer wife Rachel Hood -- now chairwoman of the UK 's Racehorse Owners ' Association -- and excelled in the discus and javelin rather than pursuing any equine sporting feats . "  I tried to forge my own path away from racing , which was why I went into land management initially , " Gosden recalls . "  At the time , we were in a massive recession and it was  UK Prime Minister  Edward Heath 's three-day week  to conserve the nation 's energy supplies  , so going abroad made sense . " He went as far as South America , but never lost his passion for horse racing . "  I think it was just instilled in me , " Gosden says . "  When working in Venezuela I 'd still be up at 4:30 in the morning with the horses there before going to work in an architect 's office . " Returning to racing as an assistant trainer , he moved to California in the 1970s before attaining an American licence at the end of the decade . His big break came in 1983 with Bates Motel , a horse named after the celebrated establishment in Alfred Hitchcock 's 1960 movie Psycho , when it won the prestigious Santa Anita Handicap -- California 's richest race for older horses . "  It was an apt name , " recalls Gosden . "  He was quite a character and he had a vicious side to him . But that 's not how he got his name -- I believe the owners , the Getty Family , were simply big fans of Alfred Hitchcock 's movies . "  For me in America , that was my first big win but it was easier to get started out there than back in the UK . It was a golden era of racing there . Everyone needs a break in life and that was mine . " In 1989 he returned to the UK where he has been based ever since at a series of different stables , with more than 2,000 race wins including the Epsom Derby , the Breeders ' Cup Classic , the 1,000 Guineas , the St. Leger twice and the Dubai Sheema Classic , and being crowned British flat racing champion trainer in 2012 . More recently , many of those successes have come with Buick on board . Many eyebrows were raised when Gosden hired the then 21-year-old novice to become his stable jockey in 2010 . Much of the horse-racing fraternity said he was mad , but the results have proved otherwise . Photos : Bubbles and cuddles as Dubai parties Buick 's passage into racing is not the most oft taken . Born in Norway -- not renowned for being a breeding ground for top jockeys -- he had some pedigree ; his Scottish father Walter was an eight-time Scandinavian champion jockey while his Danish mother Maria was a dressage rider and showjumper . "  We have a very close relationship as a family and I was always surrounded by horses , " he recalls . "  Dad was a very successful jockey while my Mum had a lot of wins as an amateur jockey too while being an equestrian rider . " With limited opportunities in Norway , Buick decided to move to the UK when he was 16 to start an apprenticeship . "  Thankfully , I never really looked back as I got good breaks in life , " he says . "  You have to have ability but you need those breaks too . I got those -- a good bit of luck really . " The biggest break of all was the tie-up with Gosden , who he admits "  took a punt on me . " That almost immediately paid off at the same Meydan Racecourse where he hopes to shine on Saturday , with victory on Dar Re Mi in the 2010 Sheema Classic -- a similar caliber Group One race to the Dubai Duty Free Stakes . "  This race is not going to be easy by any stretch of the imagination , " Buick says . "  She 's a classy filly and has proved she can take on the best in the world . I 'm not going to say she 'll win , as so many things can happen , but she 's got a great chance . " All eyes will be on the race at Meydan -- the day before Gosden turns 63 . The veteran trainer will be hoping The Fugue makes it a birthday to remember .	The Fugue bids to take on the world 's best in the richest day of racing on the planet The horse , owned by musical maestro Andrew Lloyd Webber , boasts a colorful pedigree Her trainer John Gosden got his first big break through a horse called Bates Motel Jockey William Buick labels her a "  superstar " before her $ 5 million race on Saturday
Joplin , Missouri  CNN  -- Calling the students an inspiration "  to me  and  the world , " President Barack Obama urged Joplin High School graduates Monday to heed the lessons they 've learned and spirit they 've shown to rebuild not only their tornado-ravaged Missouri city , but also their nation . "  America only succeeds when we all pitch in and pull together -- and I 'm counting on you to be leaders in that effort , " said Obama . "  Because you are from Joplin . And you 've already defied the odds . " Minutes after 450 seniors from the same Missouri school got their diplomas last May 22 , a monster twister tore through the community . More than 161 people were killed -- the worst death toll for such a tornado since modern record-keeping began in 1950 -- while dozens of buildings were torn to shreds by winds as strong as 200 mph . One of them was Joplin High School itself , with the damage so severe that students ended up attending classes in a vacant section of the city 's Northpark Mall . Joplin ` on the mend ' one year later Monday night 's graduation ceremony was personal , with students reflecting with humor and perspective on their tumultuous school days and one administrator leading them in a chant to show their "  Eagle pride . " "  No matter where you are or what you do , your Joplin family loves you and believes in you , " said school district Superintendent C.J. Huff , fighting back tears . "  We are so very proud of you . " Obama alluded to students ' unique struggles during his own commencement address , which was held on the campus of Missouri Southern State University . He referred , too , to broader challenges facing they their townsfolk to work together , dream big and remain positive in adopting a new slogan of "  Remember . Rejoice . And rebuild . " "  We can define our own lives not by what happens to us , but by how we respond , " said the president , who returned to Joplin for the first time since attending a memorial service a week after the disaster . "  We can choose to carry on , we can choose to make a difference in the world . And in doing so , we can make true what 's written in scripture : that ` tribulation produces perseverance , and perseverance  produces  character , and character , hope . ' " After devastating tornado , Missouri hospital to be demolished The story of Joplin also showed there are "  so many good people in this world , " something that he insisted the students never forget . While Joplin has worked fast to rebuild , many of the hundreds of businesses destroyed by the tornado have not been able to get back to full speed . Some 332 households still live in Federal Emergency Management Agency trailers and are unable to rebuild their homes . But they 've gotten some help . The White House released a statement Monday noting the federal government has approved $ 21 million for directly affected Missouri residents , not including $ 97 million to the state of Missouri to support rebuilding projects and $ 41.3 million in low-interest disaster loans via the U.S. Small Business Administration for individuals , businesses and non-profit groups . And the city of Joplin -- which is calling Tuesday 's anniversary a Day of Unity , with events including a commemorative walk through the city -- estimates that almost 130,000 volunteers have logged hundreds of thousands of hours since the tornado . It was during his remarks about community and unity that Obama shifted from discussing Joplin more exclusively , to talking about the nation in general . "  We need God . We need each other . We are important to each other . And we 're stronger together than we are on our own , " he said . "  That 's the spirit that 's allowing all of you to rebuild this city . It 's the same spirit we need right now to help rebuild America . " The Joplin High graduates are particularly qualified to do so , according to Obama . They have walked the walk -- by pitching in to assist their neighbors , pursuing their education despite the chaos around them and learning from other city citizens and total strangers about what people can do , against the odds , when they work together . "  Some of life 's strongest bonds are the ones we forge when everything around us seems broken , " the president said . "  And even though I expect some of you will ultimately end up leaving Joplin , I 'm convinced that Joplin will never leave you . "	NEW : "  Your Joplin family loves you and believes in you , " the superintendent says A monster tornado devastated Joplin , Missouri , on May 22 , 2011 The storm killed 161 people and flattened a broad swath of the city Obama tells Joplin High graduates "  I 'm counting on you to be leaders "
CNN  -- So , about all those experts and analysts who 've spent the past year or so saying Facebook was going to make a phone . A new expert has stepped forward to say it 's not going to happen . And his name is Mark Zuckerberg . Facebook 's CEO on Thursday threw cold water on rumors that have simmered for months the networking giant has been working on its own smartphone . "  There are lots of things that you can build in other operating systems , as well , that are n't really like building out a whole phone , which I think would n't really make much sense for us to do , " Zuckerberg said in response to a question about the phone during the site 's first earnings report . His comments seem to fly in the face of the scuttlebutt that 's made its way onto blogs and news sites across the Web  including this one  for some time now . As recently as two months ago , The New York Times was reporting that "  employees of Facebook and several engineers " as well as  the , of course , anonymous  "  people briefed on Facebook 's plans " were saying the company hoped to release a phone by next year . These unnamed folks told the Times it was Facebook 's third effort at phone-building , dating back to 2010 . And The Wall Street Journal 's All Things D blog sounded pretty sure of itself last year , letting us know the Facebook phone is real , the site was working with HTC to make it and that its code name was "  Buffy , " after the noted vampire slayer . Alas . On the earnings call , Zuckerberg emphasized that mobile computing is key to the company 's future strategy . So far , despite earning millions , Facebook does not sell ads on , or charge for , its mobile app . Increasingly , smartphones and tablets are becoming the most frequent way people access social media . "  Well , Facebook is the most used app on basically every mobile platform , right ? " Zuckerberg said . "  So when we think about what we want to do right now , we want to increase the depth of the experience in addition to just growing users . We want to not just have apps that people use but also be kind of deeply integrated into the systems as possible . We want to support a development ecosystem , where other apps can build on top of Facebook . " So what will Facebook 's next move in mobile be ? Stay tuned , Zuckerberg says . "  I think we 're really much closer to the beginning here than the end in terms of what we can do , " he said . "  If you use the apps today , they 're relatively basic compared to what I think anyone can imagine they would want from their Facebook experience on a phone . " So that settles it , right ? Not so fast . In the tech blogosphere , it 's hard to keep a good rumor down . All Things D responded to the report with a post titled "  Why Facebook Might Really Be Doing Its Own Phone , Despite What Zuck Said . " The logic ? Nobody ever said Facebook itself is building the phone . An existing phone maker would build it for the site . "  His comments still leave tons of room for the company to be doing most of the work on a phone , while working alongside one or many partner manufacturers to do the actual hardware , " Mike Isaac wrote . "  Even Apple could arguably say it does n't manufacture phones -- Foxconn builds the phones -- and Apple is the most profitable phone maker in the world . " So there you have it . Let the speculation resume .	Reports for years have speculated about Facebook making a smartphone But Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg says such a move "  would n't make sense " Comments came during Facebook 's earnings report this week Zuckerberg says mobile is an emerging area of growth
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray is set to be freed from jail Monday after serving two years for causing Michael Jackson 's death . Murray 's four-year sentence for the involuntary manslaughter conviction translated into just two years in jail because of California prison rules that give an additional day credit for each day served . A jury concluded after a two-month trial in 2011 that Murray 's negligence led to Jackson 's death from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol . Monday will be the first time Murray has stepped outside of the Los Angeles County jail since November 2011 , except for one visit to a hospital and to court . He served his time in the local jail because of overcrowding in state prisons . The cardiologist , who was hired to serve as the pop icon 's personal doctor for his comeback tour in 2009 , told investigators he gave Jackson nightly infusions of propofol to treat his intractable insomnia for two months so he could rest for rehearsals . Prosecutors argued that his negligence included leaving Jackson unmonitored and unattended while the powerful anesthetic was being pumped into his vein through an IV drip . Deputy District Attorney David Walgren , arguing for the maximum four years in jail , said Murray was "  playing Russian roulette with Michael Jackson 's life every single night , " by using propofol to put him to sleep in "  a reckless , obscene manner . " Murray 's lawyers unsuccessfully argued that Jackson self-administered the drug while Murray was out of his bedroom . He remained unremorseful during his two years in jail . "  My entire approach may not have been an orthodox approach , but my intentions were good , " Murray told CNN 's Anderson Cooper interview last April . He said his intentions were to wean Jackson from propofol . He said he succeeded in eliminating propofol from his insomnia treatment three days before Jackson 's death . "  I explained to Michael that this is an artificial way of considering sleep . It was basically sedation , minimal sedation , " he told Cooper . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor imposed the maximum sentence on Murray , even though the doctor was technically eligible for probation . Judge Pastor , in a 30-minute speech explaining his sentence , cited Murray 's "  pattern of deceit and lies . That pattern was to assist Dr. Murray . " Jackson died "  not because of an isolated one-off occurrence or incident , " Pastor said . "  He died because of a totality of circumstances which are directly attributable to Dr. Murray ... because of a series of decisions that Dr. Murray made . " Murray , he said , became involved in "  a cycle of horrible medicine . " Jackson family members and fans have complained that Murray should have been prosecuted for second degree murder -- not manslaughter . Murray can no longer practice medicine since his licenses were suspended in California , Texas and Nevada in the wake of his conviction . His lawyer indicated he would try to get them reinstated so he can treat patients again .	Dr. Murray 's 4-year sentence translated to 2 years in jail under prison rules A jury concluded Murray 's negligence led to Jackson 's death The cardiologist ca n't treat patients since his medical licenses are suspended Murray remains unremorseful about his treatment of Michael Jackson
CNN  -- It 's happened again . A multimillion dollar jackpot is won and I ca n't help but feel a touch of sympathy and admiration for the winners . Especially the three from Maryland . It 's hard to be unaffected by the circus of speculation surrounding them . The rampant jealousy by those commenting is palpable . And the questions . Always the questions like a feeding frenzy . Everyone wants to know how a winner will spend the money . Everyone speculates how they would spend it if they won . It 's the ongoing topic of conversation around the water cooler : The heated argument about taking the lump sum or regular payments . And it 's all so very familiar . Nineteen years ago my father won the lottery . Three ticket holders split $ 18 million in the Washington State Lottery . His share was $ 6 million . Of course now people shrug . Eighteen million is nothing now , right ? And $ 6 million is chump change . But then it was a very big deal . The winners ' pictures were in the newspaper . Everyone was interviewed . A reporter asked each one what they were going to do with the money . I wish my father had said , "  None of your business . " I wish my father had said , "  No comment . " I wish he 'd had the option of staying anonymous . He mentioned in passing that he was probably going to share it with family . His saying that caused expectations to rise and relatives oozed out of the woodwork . Acquaintances cornered us and shared their financial woes . Representatives of charities and churches descended like a plague of locusts . Our family became the target of scams . From that moment on my identity became permanently entwined with my father 's . Not just as his daughter , but as the daughter of a lottery winner . It 's a testament to my father 's Norwegian heritage that he persevered . Having money did n't change him , but I noticed it certainly changed those around him . It altered people 's perceptions of him . After winning the lottery my father was treated like a sage . As if his luck was a talent . Like choosing the correct numbers was a well thought out decision on his part . As a writer I absorbed all this . It even was the subject of a novel I wrote called , appropriately enough , "  Lottery . " The passage of time allows for reflection . After reading about lottery winners who are slain or who commit suicide or go bankrupt , it seems the Maryland trio have it all figured out . Stay anonymous , try not to respond to any questions , and whatever you do , do n't quit your day job . For those who still have questions around the water cooler ? My father spent some of the money sending family members to college . And he took the payments rather than the lump sum . For the past 19 years he has received more than a quarter of a million dollars a year . He 's 91 . This year will be his last check . After all this time the furor has died down . I reflect on this and the fact that I wish all the best to the winners and hope they do succeed in remaining anonymous . And I hope their lottery win really does allow them to realize their dreams . By the way , if you 're wondering whether I buy lottery tickets , the answer is no . No I do n't . I think one lottery winner in a family is enough . Do n't you ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Patricia Wood .	Patricia Wood : Lottery winners face rampant jealousy and endless speculation Wood : I know how it feels because my father won the lottery 19 years ago Wood : I wish my father had said "  no comment " to everyone who asked questions She hopes the three lottery winners in Maryland will be able to stay anonymous
New York  CNN  -- The Manhattan district attorney announced Thursday new indictments against Rodney Alcala , the so-called "  Dating Game Killer , " in connection with the deaths of two women in New York during the 1970s . Alcala , 67 , is currently on death row in California for killing four women and a 12-year-old girl there . He was convicted of those crimes in February 2010 and sentenced the following month . The California murders took place between November 1977 and June 1979 and covered a wide swath of suburban Los Angeles , from Burbank to El Segundo . "  Cold cases are not forgotten cases -- our prosecutors , investigators , and partners in the NYPD do not give up , " said Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. "  These cases were built one brick at a time , as each new lead brought us closer to where we are today . " Alcala is charged with murder in the deaths of Cornelia Crilley and Ellen Hover in New York . "  Ms. Crilley , a 23-year-old TWA flight attendant , was found raped and strangled inside her Upper East Side apartment in June of 1971 , " Vance said in a news release . "  Ms. Hover , who was also 23 and living in Manhattan , was found murdered in Westchester County in 1977 . In 1978 , Alcala was a winning bachelor on the television show "  The Dating Game . " At the time , he had been convicted in the 1968 rape of an 8-year-old girl , authorities said . He served a 34-month sentence . Police investigating Alcala found dozens of photographs of women and children in a storage locker he kept in Seattle . The locker also contained earrings belonging to Robin Samsoe , his 12-year-old victim , according to the Orange County , California , district attorney 's office . Authorities asked for the public 's help in determining whether any of the people in the photographs were victims of Alcala . A year before his appearance on "  The Dating Game , " according to prosecutors , Alcala raped , sodomized and killed 18-year-old Jill Barcomb and 27-year-old nurse Georgia Wixted in California . He used a large rock to smash Barcomb 's face in , prosecutors said , and strangled her to death by tying a belt and pants leg around her neck . Her body was discovered in a mountainous area in the foothills near Hollywood . Wixted was beaten with the claw end of a hammer , authorities said , and strangled to death with a nylon stocking . Her body was left in her Malibu apartment . On "  The Dating Game , " Alcala was introduced as a "  successful photographer " who might also be found sky diving or motorcycling . In June 1979 , Alcala beat , raped and strangled Charlotte Lamb , a 33-year-old legal secretary , in the laundry room of her El Segundo apartment complex , authorities said . And the same month , he raped and murdered Jill Parenteau , 21 , strangling her with a cord or a stocking in her Burbank apartment . Alcala 's blood was collected from the scene after he cut himself crawling out a window . "  Based on a semi-rare blood match , Alcala was linked to the murder , " the district attorney said . He was charged with murdering Parenteau , but the case was dismissed after he was convicted of killing Samsoe in 1979 . Alcala approached her at the beach in Huntington Beach and asked her to pose for pictures , authorities said . She did , they said , and Alcala then kidnapped and murdered her , dumping her body in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains . Alcala was convicted of Samsoe 's death in 1980 and sentenced to die , but the California Supreme Court overturned his conviction . A second trial in 1986 also resulted in a conviction and death sentence , but it was overturned by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . As he awaited a third trial , Alcala 's DNA was linked to the crime scenes in the Barcomb , Wixted and Lamb cases , and he was charged with killing them and Parenteau . Jed Mills , who played "  Bachelor No. 2 " on "  The Dating Game " alongside Alcala 's "  Bachelor No. 1 , " recalled he had an almost immediate aversion to him . "  Something about him , I could not be near him , " Mills said last year . "  I am kind of bending toward the other guy to get away from him , and I do n't know if I did that consciously . But thinking back on that , I probably did . " Alcala succeeded in charming bachelorette Cheryl Bradshaw from the other side of the game show 's wall . But she declined her date with him . CNN 's Chris Kokenes and Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	NEW : Manhattan DA announces new indictments against Rodney Alcala The so-called "  Dating Game Killer " is on death row in California He was a winning bachelor on "  The Dating Game " in 1978
CNN  Vince Camuto , the iconic women 's footwear designer and co-founder of Nine West , has died . He was 78 . His namesake line paid tribute to the designer with a post on Twitter , citing a quote by Camuto that read , "  Life is an adventure . Seize the opportunity and find your passion . " In 1978 , Camuto co-founded Nine West with Jerome Fisher . In 1999 , they sold what had become one of the country 's largest shoe companies to the Jones Group Inc. for nearly $ 900 million . Nine West , which has expanded into clothing and accessories , celebrated Camuto 's influence on its Facebook page : "  Thank you for making women look and feel more beautiful -- from our head to our soles . You will be missed . " Camuto went on to create the Camuto Group in 2001 , acquiring licenses for brands like BCBG Max Azria , Lucky Brand and Tory Burch , helping the latter create her now-signature Reva ballet flat . Under the Camuto Group , he launched three of his own clothing and footwear lines -- Vince Camuto , VC Signature and Louise et Cie -- in 2005 . That year , he purchased the license for the Jessica Simpson Collection . Simpson mourned the loss of Camuto on Instagram , heralding him as a "  mentor " and "  the creator of all my dreams . " "  I will forever walk in your shoes ... you made them , " she continued . Camuto is survived by his wife , Louise , and five children . People we 've lost in 2015	Vince Camuto has died at the age of 78 Camuto co-founded Nine West in 1978
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , have left on their honeymoon , the royal family announced Tuesday . But St. James 's Palace would not say where they went . William , the second in line to the British throne , married Catherine Middleton in London April 29 , in a wedding that brought much of the United Kingdom to a flag-waving , street-partying , television-watching halt . They spent the weekend after the wedding on vacation in the United Kingdom , according to the royal family . They are due to travel to Canada this summer , their first official foreign trip since getting married .	St. James 's Palace will not say where the royal couple went William , the second in line to the throne , married Catherine Middleton April 29
CNN  -- Thierry Henry made a sensational scoring return for English club Arsenal as his goal sealed a 1-0 win over Leeds United in the third round of the FA Cup . The French striker came on as a substitute and sealed the match with a trademark finish after less than ten minutes on the pitch to enhance his legend at the London club still further . Arsenal 's highest ever scorer left the club for Spanish side Barcelona in 2007 and was making his first appearance since sealing a two-month loan move from Major League Soccer side the New York Red Bulls . The 34-year-old received a huge ovation when he came on a replacement for Moroccan forward Marouane Chamakh in the 68th minute and he found the net ten minutes later . Who are football 's top January transfer targets ? He finished emphatically past Leeds goalkeeper Andy Lonergan to send the Emirates Stadium into raptures and register his 227th goal for the club . It sent Arsenal through to the fourth round at the expense of Leeds , who play in the second tier of English football . Arsenal will now face fellow Premier League side Aston Villa in the next round . Rooney defiant as Man City appeal Kompany red card After his perfect return Henry told ESPN : "  It 's kind of weird . I came back from holiday 15 days ago . I never thought I was going to play for Arsenal again or score a winner . "  I do n't know what to say . I love the club and I hope I can do more . I hope it wo n't be the last one . The feeling I had when I scored was amazing . "  I rejoined the club as a fan ; before I was n't . Scoring a goal when you support the team , now I know how some of the guys who played for Liverpool or Man United or Chelsea felt when they scored a goal for the club they support . "  With one opportunity , it 's very important -- you do n't know if you 'll have a second . You have to make sure you take it . I took it well . " Henry 's goal was his 12th in 12 games against Leeds United , who were relegated from the Premier League in 2004 . "  I did n't even think about that but I think I will always remember tonight , " he said . "  When it comes to Arsenal something happens with me , sometimes in a bad way but most of the time in history in a good way . " Henry was named man of the match despite being on the field for just 22 minutes . He added : "  I think it 's a joke , but I 'll take it . " Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger added : "  You could see Thierry brought his class but also how much it means to him to come on and make the difference . It was something you could n't even predict before the game . "  It 's great that he 's back here and got the goal that qualifies us . You see that when he gets in these kind of positions , we 've seen it so many times , him finishing at the right moment . It looks easy but it 's not . "	French striker Thierry Henry scores the winning goal on his return for Arsenal Henry comes off the bench to settle Arsenal 's third round FA Cup tie with Leeds The 34-year-old has signed a two-month loan deal from the New York Red Bulls Henry says he is speechless at scoring in his first appearance for the club in five years
CNN  -- Another round of nuclear talks ended late Thursday in Vienna . Nothing good , bad or even surprising has publicly emerged from the two-day talks between Iran and the P5 +1 countries . Given the overall trajectory of the nuclear talks in recent months -- to external viewers a dreary process of back and forth , bluster and stalling despite a shared desire to continue talking -- two outcomes appear more or less certain . First , the much-anticipated November 24 deadline for a permanent deal will not be met . Second , the talks will continue and the negotiating teams need to decide whether they need three months , six months -- or any other length of time -- to try to reach a final deal . Given the high stakes , and the reality that there are no alternative means of moving forward other than continuing talks , all sides are apparently buckling down . The head of the Iranian negotiating team called the Vienna talks "  serious " and "  helpful . " That was a more uplifting assessment than those that followed the October 15 Vienna meeting between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif . Earlier in the week , an Iranian foreign ministry spokesperson said that while "  90 % " of the work toward a permanent deal had been completed , "  important , sensitive and hard " steps still needed to be tackled . In other words , there is still no agreement on two key issues : The scope of Iran 's enrichment program and how and when to end sanctions on Iran as part of a deal . On these two key issues , each side has been trying to outmaneuver the other as part of an increasingly public war of words . The Iranians have been particularly quick to react to some reports in the West that Tehran can compromise on the scale and timing of the removal of the sanctions . Earlier , Reuters news agency claimed that Iranian officials had informed them that the leadership in Tehran "  would be satisfied with removing crippling U.S. and European Union energy and banking sanctions imposed in 2012 , " which have been the most damaging Tehran has dismissed that claim , insisting it wants a compromise that would see all sanctions imposed on it lifted -- not just a suspension or partial removal . To Western negotiators , this Iranian stance is a non-starter unless Tehran is willing to make more compromises on the scale of its enrichment program . Iran presently has about 19,000 centrifuges , of which 10,000 are estimated to be in operation . The West would like to see the number of operating centrifuges substantially reduced although there is uncertainty about its specific bottom-line on this question . By all accounts , the P5 +1 states themselves do not appear to have agreed on a target for Iran to meet , which means Tehran has been able to continue maneuvering around the issue . The Russians and the Chinese -- the two non-Western states in the P5 +1 grouping -- are presumably more flexible on that front . Tehran 's counter-offer has been to suggest swapping Iran 's older-generation centrifuges for more advanced ones that produce more enriched uranium at a faster rate . However , this is not considered by the West to amount to a concession by Iran , as it ultimately does not reduce the amount of enriched uranium Tehran will continue to have at its disposal . Iran 's access to enriched uranium has always been at the heart of concerns about its nuclear program . In other words , seeking to navigate around these two key stumbling blocks -- the question about the size of Iran 's enrichment program and a timetable for removal of sanctions -- continues to keep the negotiating parties apart . What is also very evident is that neither side wants to walk away from the talks . There is no good alternative and not extending the talks beyond November 24 would essentially mean the collapse of a diplomatic formula . It is a formula in which both the Obama administration in the United States and the government of President Hassan Rouhani in Iran have invested massively , hoping for a major groundbreaking return . As U.S. Undersecretary of State Wendy Sherman put it this week , the ongoing negotiation "  is a puzzle with many interlocking pieces . " But after a year of negotiations and eight rounds of meetings , it has become very clear that there are two critical pieces to this puzzle . Perhaps with more focus and determination , a solution can be reached . That is why an extension of the talks beyond November 24 seems to make sense to all parties involved .	The latest nuclear talks between Iran and the 5 +1 countries failed to reach a deal Alex Vatanka says the November 24 deadline for an agreement is unlikely to be met Issues are the size of Iran 's nuclear program , timetable for sanctions removals , he says Neither side wants to walk away , so the deadline must be extended , Vatanka says
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Heavy , sustained gunfire rang out in the Libyan capital of Tripoli early Sunday morning as unrest in the country entered a 20th day . On Saturday , Libyan opposition leaders announced an alternative government as the United States and other countries helped evacuate refugees of the conflict . Anti-government forces also claimed two major successes Saturday : preventing pro-government forces from taking the city of Zawiya , near the capital of Tripoli , and capturing the strategic eastern oil town of Ras Lanuf . The opposition and government forces have battled in recent days for full control of Zawiya , about 30 miles west of Tripoli . Forces loyal to leader Moammar Gadhafi withdrew from the city 's Martyrs ' Square and returned to their positions on the outskirts after intense clashes with rebels , according to a witness who is serving as a rebel spokesman . He reported heavy gunfire and mortar shelling and saw the bodies of three slain opposition members carried in the square en route to burial . The witness said pro-Gadhafi forces entered a residential area in the city and shot live ammunition and automatic weapons at residents in the streets . The sounds of automatic weapon fire and people yelling could be heard during a telephone interview with the witness . After a lull in fighting , clashes erupted again Saturday evening . The pro-Gadhafi security forces are using tanks , armed vehicles , and heavy weapons , and the anti-Gadhafi forces are well-armed , a second witness said . Many deaths and injuries have occurred in the latest round of fighting , and protesters managed to seize tanks and weapons from the security forces . Saturday , rebels also captured the strategic oil port of Ras Lanuf , a day after pro-Gadhafi forces fought with opposition members there , fighters and commanders said . The development appeared to embolden opposition members , who prepared to advance west to Gadhafi 's birthplace of Sirte . Government forces , however , worked to thwart their push . CNN reporters following the movement of rebels in As Sidr , just west of Ras Lanuf , saw an air force helicopter pound opposition positions . There was no word on casualties . Rebels near Ras Lanuf said they shot down a Libyan air force plane , a Soviet-made Sukhoi Su-24MK that crashed in the desert . CNN located the plane 's debris , spread over a kilometer  about half a mile  , with the headless bodies of two pilots at the site . The plane was printed with the emblem of the Libyan Arab Air Force . In the capital , a pro-democracy activist who spoke to CNN described a city filled with tension and mistrust . The woman , who asked not to be named because of fears for her safety , said she has seen people in the streets who , she believes , are monitoring residents ' comings and goings and phone conversations . "  I see cars that have people inside them , and they are usually connected with a computer , " the woman said , adding that special antennae are connected to the computers . The same people are also interrupting cell phone signals and hacking mobiles , she said , and the internet has been unavailable since Thursday . The family 's business has been robbed , with millions of dollars ' worth of materials stolen , she said . Squatters have also moved into one of the family 's homes . "  The police wo n't do anything about it , " she told CNN . "  Everyone is focusing on what is going on politically and losing focus on the crime . " The woman said she has been trying to smuggle medication and other supplies into Libya , and that 's one reason she refuses to leave -- even though so far , she said her efforts have been unsuccessful . The strife engulfing the besieged north African nation is reverberating across the country , the region and the world . Death toll estimates range from more than 1,000 to as many as 2,000 , and the international community has been pondering strategies on how to end the violence and remove the Gadhafi regime . The government has been reviled across the globe for violence against civilians , and the International Criminal Court this week launched an investigation of Gadhafi , some of his sons and other leaders for possible crimes against humanity . Opposition-controlled radio announced Saturday that the country 's sole legitimate representative was now the National Transitional Council , a group with 31 representatives for most of the regions in Libya . The council held its first meeting Saturday in the eastern city of Benghazi . They called Benghazi their temporary location until the "  liberation " of the capital , according to a decree the council issued late in the day . Former Justice Minister Mustafa Abdeljeleel , whom the council said had tried to resign from Gadhafi 's government several times , was announced as the council 's new leader . The council also named a representative for military affairs and established a military council to oversee the "  liberation " of Libya and reconstruct the armed forces , according to the radio announcement . The council said its main missions are to represent all of Libya internationally , liberate the country , draft a constitution and hold elections . In Benghazi , witnesses said forces loyal to Gadhafi pounded a weapons depot , an airstrike that caused casualties and widespread damage . One witness said the airstrike there was powerful enough "  to destroy a whole city . " News footage showed the remains of buildings and debris and ambulances arriving . Such aerial attacks have prompted the West to step up discussions about imposing a no-fly zone over Libya . U.S. military and diplomatic officials have said such a zone would be complicated and risky , and international support for it is not strong . "  If it 's ordered , we can do it , " U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said earlier this week , but imposing a no-fly zone "  begins with an attack on Libya to destroy the air defenses . " The Arab League has rejected international intervention , saying Libya is facing "  an internal affair that is decided by the people and their governments . " However , the league can not ignore the suffering of civilians and would consider the imposition of a no-fly zone in coordination with the African Union if fighting were to continue , said Hisham Yousef , chief of staff of the Arab League , on Wednesday . The fierce fighting has sparked the flight of Libyans and foreigners out of Libya , with nations across the globe scrambling to help people leave . Almost 200,000 people have fled Libya with nearly equal numbers going to Tunisia and Egypt , the United Nations refugee agency said . The United States announced Saturday it is contributing $ 3 million to the International Organization for Migration to help return home thousands of non-Libyans who fled to Tunisia . Four U.S. military flights Saturday were taking a total of 312 Egyptians back to Cairo , the U.S. State Department announced . Thursday and Friday , about 1,800 people crossed from Libya to Tunisia , and about 3,000 crossed on Saturday , said Firas Kayal , spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . He said the situation at the border is "  very calm . " A few thousand Egyptians are in Tunisia awaiting travel home , and more than 10,000 Bangladeshis are there awaiting evacuation with hundreds more still arriving , Kayal said . The agency confirmed that a Bangladeshi migrant worker died after a heart attack from the exhaustion of walking to the border . Many migrant workers told aid workers they had to walk to the border because soldiers took their money and they could n't afford paying for a taxi . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Arwa Damon , Ben Wedeman , Salma Abdelaziz , Jomana Karadsheh , Nic Robertson and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report	NEW : Heavy , sustained gunfire is heard in the capital city of Tripoli Gadhafi 's foes announce the formation of body to represent Libya Opposition members in the east say a military plane was shot down Almost 200,000 people have fled the situation in Libya
CNN  -- Imagine a smoke-filled jazz club , dark and crowded . The sounds of a trumpet solo echo on stage , while a piano , bass and drums pound out a finger-snapping groove . You can almost smell the cigarette smoke , taste the cheap booze being served . This is Berlin , 1939 -- the eve of World War II . These are the Hot Time Swingers , the imagined jazz band at the center of Esi Edugyan 's "  Half-Blood Blues . " The novel was a finalist for Britain 's prestigious Man Booker prize in 2011 and reaches U.S. bookstores this week . The story is told through the eyes of the Swingers ' bass player , Sid Griffiths , in alternating takes between events in Paris and Berlin in 1939 and Baltimore and Berlin in 1992 . The novel captures the end of the jazz age in Germany perfectly in the characters ' staccato slang , sounding much like jazz music imagined as dialogue . Offstage , the story captures the paranoia and fear of the days leading up to the start of the war , and the racial tension of the time period . Sid narrates , but the band 's brilliant young trumpet player , Hieronymus "  Hiero " Falk , is the linchpin of the story , a German who happens to be black . Hiero 's prodigy-like talent brings the band success , love and rivalries among its members . After being banned by the Nazis as "  degenerate " music , the Swingers escape to Paris , where they meet Louis Armstrong . But then war breaks out , and the Gestapo arrests Hiero in a cafÃ © . He is never heard from again . Jump ahead 50 years . Falk has become a cult hero among jazz fans . He 's now the subject of a documentary film . Sid and the only other surviving band member , Chip Jones , are invited to the film 's premiere in Berlin . As they return to celebrate their long-lost friend , Sid , the only witness to Hiero 's disappearance , is forced to reveal a decades-old secret . "  Half-Blood Blues " is the second novel from Edugyan , an author with a bit of a globe-hopping past . She was born and raised in Canada , the daughter of immigrant parents from Ghana . She has studied and lived in the United States and across Europe , including stops in Iceland , Spain and Germany . Now married and mother to an infant daughter , Edugyan lives in Victoria , British Columbia . CNN recently asked her about the novel in a phone interview and via e-mail . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : What was the spark behind your book ? Edugyan : I was living in Germany at the time , acutely aware of my difference -- being a black woman from Canada . At the same time I 'd been reading about the so-called "  Rhineland Bastards " -- the half-black children of France 's colonial soldiers from Africa stationed in the Rhineland after the close of the first World War . I began imagining their lives in Germany , as both outsiders and insiders , and this naturally led to my wondering what must have happened to them during the 1930s , with the rise of Nazism . This is where my interest in the novel came from . But the book itself more rightly begins with Sid 's voice , his character , the perplexing problems of loyalty and betrayal in any artistic life . CNN : You really captured the feel , the language and the tone of the late 1930s European jazz scene . Did you research this period extensively before you started writing ? Edugyan : Thank you , that 's kind of you to say . I researched assiduously , both before and during the writing , to capture the feel of that world . But Sid 's voice is so very particular to Sid himself that I would never want it to stand in as some sort of "  representative " voice from that time . It 's an approximation of the kind of hybrid language he and his band mates were speaking at the time . But it 's important to remember , too , that Sid is a man straddling two eras -- 1930s Europe and 1990s Baltimore -- and the shifts in his rhythms , diction , syntax hopefully capture some of that flavor . CNN : I pictured you listening to a lot of jazz from this time period while you were writing . Did you and were there any jazz artists in particular that inspired you ? Edugyan : It 's interesting to hear you say so . The music was my constant companion , even more than books . Not only as a way to lead me back into the novel after each break but also as a kind of consolation . There was a strength and faith and promise in it that I think I needed at the time . What 's fascinating to me now is to think back on who I was listening to at various points in the novel and read the book with that in mind . Not only the language itself , but the speed and emotion under the prose finds a corollary in the music . Or so it seems to me in retrospect . Among the artists I listened to most often were Sidney Bechet , Bessie Smith and Louis Armstrong . CNN : Your novel focuses on the Nazi persecution of the Afro-German community . What drew you to this little known chapter of pre-World War II history ? Edugyan : As the Canadian-born daughter of Ghanaian immigrants , I grew up between worlds , in a sense , aware both of my differences and kinships . Loyalties were always mixed , and the world inside the walls of my home was significantly different from the world beyond it . I did my graduate work at Johns Hopkins , living in Baltimore for a short time , which reinforced this complicated sense of identity . And in the years since , I lived on and off in Europe , where , as ever , I had periods of feeling profoundly at home and periods of total estrangement . I think that sense of uprootedness , that quiet seeking after identity and self , lies at the heart of this novel . ... In the writing itself , you 're not thinking about such things . You just know that there 's a story there , one you want told . And you run with it . CNN : While Sid narrates the novel , this really felt like Hiero 's story to me . He 's such a compelling character but remains something of an enigma . I assume this was by design ? Edugyan : Absolutely . That unknowability lies at the core of the novel . It seemed it would have been an act of extraordinary presumption to take Hiero 's voice , to speak for him , to fill that silence . And , too , a way of diminishing the sadness of what he  and his real-life counterparts  suffered . CNN : You come from such an interesting background , the child of Ghanaian Ã © migrÃ © parents , born and raised in Canada . You 've studied in a number of countries , including the U.S. and Europe . You now live in British Columbia . How has all that world travel influenced you as an artist and a person ? Edugyan : ... There can be something liberating ... for the fiction writer who finds herself caught between worlds . An opportunity to observe and inhabit the skins of others . I know , for myself , that all of that traveling has impacted the kinds of stories I am drawn to . CNN : You 're also the mother of a young child . Has that changed your approach to writing ? Edugyan : Oh , it 's still so early to tell -- our daughter is only 6 months old . But that , too , is turning out to be a different kind of journey . CNN : What 's next for you ? Edugyan : I find myself staring out the windows an awful lot these days , dreaming up the next book . But our daughter fills up the immediate hours of the day . Read an excerpt from "  Half-Blood Blues . "	"  Half-Blood Blues " captures end of jazz age in 1930s Germany in characters ' staccato slang Novel conveys the paranoia leading up to start of World War II and racial tension of the time As Canadian-born daughter of Ghanaian immigrants , "  I grew up between worlds , " novelist says Esi Edugyan says a sense of uprootedness "  lies at the heart of this novel "
CNN  -- Ain Shams University Biologist Hebat Abdel Hadi is taking "  waste not , want not " to a whole other level . Alphonso Van Marsh discovered first hand how damaging the Nile crayfish can be . She says crayfish carcasses the part of the crustacean that humans often throw away are for the birds . As higher chicken feed costs push multi-national chicken firms like Pilgrim 's Pride and Tyson 's Food to report losses this year , Abdel Hadi says crayfish waste is an alternative source for the protein and minerals necessary to raise chickens . Abdel Hadi earned her PhD exploring the use of crayfish as chicken feed . Her studies included comparing chickens fed with fish meal , with those raised on meal made with crayfish waste . "  The group of chickens -LSB- that we raised -RSB- on crayfish have stronger bones , have a higher optical density of meat . The color of the meat is better , the taste is better , it looks better , " she says . The crayfish carcass is largely shell and skeleton . Feed nutritionists say crayfish-sourced feed would therefore contain high percentages of calcium and minerals . As a result , Abdel Hadi says , her experiments show that chickens raised on a crayfish feed diet lay more , stronger , higher-protein eggs . But poultry nutrition experts warn that chicken farming is a complex science that involves multiple nutrition and energy needs . "  The challenge has to do more with genetics , and the right balance for this fast growing bird , " says Martin Humphries , Feed Sales Director for an English specialist poultry feed supplier . "  Crayfish heads will have some meat in there for protein . Crayfish skeletons will have calcium and I 'm sure there is a nutritional value but perhaps -LSB- feeding crayfish to chickens -RSB- is a leap too far for now , " Humphries says . Egypt is experiencing a crayfish invasion along the Nile River . Scientists like Dr. Madgy Khalil , who also works at Ain Shams University , say there are unprecedented numbers of crayfish thriving in the Nile with no natural predator , from the Mediterranean Sea or from the south of Egypt . The crayfish that have a penchant for clawing into fishermen 's nets and eating their catch are causing problems for fishermen . But are there enough crayfish to sustain a chicken feed industry ? Andrew Kendall , a spokesman with the UK 's largest feed manufacturer BOCM Pauls is unsure . "  Theoretically , it is possible to use crayfish remains , but they would be in such short supply it would not be a feasible solution . For manufacturers who make any kind any business on a large scale , there 's not enough -LSB- crayfish -RSB- supply to be a viable business . However , it could be better for a niche market , " he says .	CNN 's Alphonso Van Marsh spent time with Nile fishermen in Egypt Egypt is experiencing a crayfish invasion along the Nile River . Crayfish have been a problem for fishermen , but now used in chicken feed
New York  CNN  -- Talk show host Joy Behar has finally said "  I do " to her beau of 29 years . Behar , who has her own show on HLN , also voices her opinions on "  The View . " She married Steve Janowitz , whom she has referred to as her "  spousal equivalent . " A spokeswoman for HLN confirmed the Thursday night nuptials , saying Behar is on vacation and will discuss the wedding when she returns to her shows on September 6 . After she got married , the bride tweeted : "  Gone fishing . " In addition to talk shows , the multitasker has had roles on stage , and made guest appearances on the small screen and the silver screen . Her film appearances include "  Hall Pass , " "  Cookie , " Woody Allen 's "  Manhattan Murder Mystery " and a cameo in "  Tyler Perry 's Madea Goes to Jail . " In theater , Behar starred in the off-Broadway hit "  The Food Chain " and also in the critically-acclaimed "  The Vagina Monologues . " HLN 's Evan Cutler contributed to this report .	Behar is a cohost on "  The View " and has her own show on HLN She married Steve Janowitz , whom she 's referred to as her "  spousal equivalent "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A one-of-a-kind bicycle belonging to Lance Armstrong that was stolen Saturday , hours after the U.S. cycling legend rode it in a race , has been handed over to authorities , police said Wednesday . Lance Armstrong 's bike was missing after he competed in the first day of the Amgen Tour of California . "  A local resident came to the police headquarters and turned in a bicycle that he believed to be Lance Armstrong 's , " said Sgt. Norm Leong , a spokesman for the Sacramento Police Department . By checking the serial number , "  we were able to confirm that the bike was , in fact , Lance Armstrong 's bicycle , " said Leong , who added that the bike appeared to be in good condition . The man who gave the bicycle to police did not want to be identified , said Leong , who refused to answer questions about how the man came across it . Leong said the man who turned in Armstrong 's bicycle "  is not a suspect at this time " and did not ask about a reward offered by Armstrong 's team for its return , he said . The bike is one of three believed to have been stolen Saturday from a trailer used by Armstrong 's team , Astana , while the trailer was parked behind a Sacramento hotel , Leong said . The bikes disappeared hours after the first stage of the nine-day Amgen Tour of California , in which Armstrong and the team are competing . The two other bicycles , which belong to members of Armstrong 's team , still are missing . Police have information "  that we 're not putting out at this time " about a suspect or suspects , Leong said . Officials initially said four bikes were stolen , but one of them was discovered Tuesday to have been misplaced in a storage room in the hotel , Leong said . Armstrong 's bicycle , painted a distinctive black and yellow , "  would be hard to sell , " Leong said . The bikes that disappeared were the first ones within reach of whoever opened the trailer , which held many more , Leong said . The California race is another step in Armstrong 's comeback from a 2005 retirement . Armstrong , a cancer survivor and seven-time Tour de France champion , kicked off his return to professional racing last month at Australia 's Tour Down Under . Armstrong announced the bike theft on his Twitter account Sunday morning and posted a photograph . "  There is only one like it in the world therefore hard to pawn it off . Reward being offered , " he wrote . The 750-mile Amgen Tour of California ends Sunday . Armstrong , 37 , said he is aiming for another Tour de France victory this summer . He also has said he is not trying to win the Tour of California but is riding in support of teammate Levi Leipheimer , who has won the race twice and leads this year 's event . Armstrong was in fourth place Wednesday . Armstrong 's comeback is not his first . He stopped racing in 1996 , when he was diagnosed with advanced testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain . Doctors have him less than 50 percent chance of survival , but after treatment , he returned to cycling in 1998 . He won the Tour de France -- cycling 's premiere event -- every year from 1999 to 2005 .	California police : Man turned bicycle in ; he 's not considered a suspect Cycling legend 's bike , two others disappeared from team trailer after race Police : The other bikes -- belonging to Armstrong 's teammates -- still are missing Police : We have info "  that we 're not putting out " about a suspect or suspects
Situated on the crossroads of eastern and central Europe , Serbia has seen tumultuous history unfold in its centuries-old cities , mountains and plains . After years of turmoil since the breakup of Yugoslavia , the country is emerging as the region 's innovation hub and a tourist destination . Last week Serbia hosted the Third Meeting of Heads of Government of China and Central and Eastern Europe , welcoming 17 prime ministers , and signaling that this small but resilient country is ready to leave its dark days behind . So to explore the best of Serbia , we asked readers to share their favorite things about the Balkan country . From pristine lakes to crispy white mountaintops , the list above shows just some of the things that people love about Serbia . To see all submissions visit CNN iReport . Read this : The ancient craft of Pirot carpet weaving Read this : Serbia 's rise to tennis powerhouse More from On the Road Serbia	We asked readers to share their favorite things about Serbia Click through the gallery above to see the images they sent through
CNN  -- When authorities arrested Eric Frein near an abandoned airport hangar last week , they found a laptop , first aid supplies , shave kits , DVDs , contact lenses , and even a copy of the New Testament , according to police documents released Wednesday . Frein is charged with first-degree murder and other crimes in an ambush that killed one officer and wounded another outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove on September 12 . The manhunt for Frein lasted almost seven weeks and involved as many as 1,000 officers at times . Frein 's trove of survival supplies indicated that he was well-equipped to survive alone in the wilderness for weeks or even months . A police inventory listed nearly 120 items in the possession of the 31-year-old survivalist and military buff who was captured last week near Tannersville , Pennsylvania . In addition to various articles of clothing and multiple weapons and ammunition , Frein had packed food items such as cup noodles , rice , beans , five-gallon water jugs , crackers , soy sauce , vegetable oil , and even a bottle of soju , a Korean vodka . Authorities also discovered three typed pages of random prayers , a religious plaque and candles . A 14-page handwritten note was found but authorities did release further details . Frein also spent his 48 days on the lam in possession of a radio , binoculars , blankets , a headlamp , glass ashtrays , laundry detergent , batteries , maps , a nail clipper , pots and pans , a propane stove , notebooks , toilet paper , a compass , and glow sticks . Among his high-tech items were a Lenovo Thinkpad , headphones , a wireless mouse and two portable storage drives . Authorities , hoping to find out what is on the laptop , on Saturday asked a judge for permission to search the computer . Frein told authorities he used the laptop and unsecured Wi-Fi accounts during the nearly seven-week search , court documents said . A search warrant application released Wednesday described how authorities had already searched a computer from Frein 's home and discovered some disturbing Internet searches that went back to November 2012 . The searches included : "  how to escape a manhunt , " "  can police track cell phone " and "  ballistics trajectory calculator . " In the ambush outside the state police barracks , Cpl. Bryon Dickson was killed and Trooper Alex T. Douglass wounded . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Eric Frein stocked food , first aid supplies , weapons , DVDs , New Testament , police say The suspected cop killer avoided capture for almost seven weeks Frein had a laptop , wireless mouse and two portable storage drives The self-styled survivalist is suspected in the September ambush of two officers
CNN  -- Sony 's PlayStation 4 sold 4.2 million units through the end of 2013 , Sony Computer Entertainment President Andrew House announced during the company 's CES press conference Tuesday . That number solidly eclipses the number of Xbox One consoles sold by Microsoft sold in 2013 by 1.2 million . Microsoft 's blog announced on Monday morning that the company sold 3 million consoles . SEE ALSO : The comparative anatomy of the Xbox One vs. PlayStation 4 The Sony PlayStation 4 had a week of lead time in the United States , coming out in North America on Nov. 15 . The Xbox One was released in 13 countries on Nov. 22 , and the PlayStation 4 was released in Europe and Australia Nov. 29 . Both companies announced the respective consoles had sold one million units after the first day of availability . The PlayStation 4 retails for $ 399 ; the Xbox One retails for $ 499 . See the original story on Mashable.com . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Sony : Our new PlayStation 4 console sold 4.2 million units through the end of 2013 Microsoft announced Monday that they sold 3 million units of the rival Xbox One The PlayStation 4 retails for $ 399 ; the Xbox One retails for $ 499
CNN  -- Beijing blasted a Chinese dissident 's Nobel Peace Prize win Friday , calling the decision to award Liu Xiaobo the honor "  blasphemy . " Ma Zhaoxu , a spokesman for China 's foreign ministry , said the award is supposed to be given to those who "  promote national harmony , international friendship " and work toward peace . Liu is serving an 11-year prison term after being sentenced in 2009 for inciting subversion of state power . He is the co-author of Charter 08 , a call for political reform and human rights , and was an adviser to the student protesters at Tiananmen Square in 1989 . "  Liu Xiaobo is a convicted criminal sentenced to jail by Chinese justice . His acts are in complete contradiction to the purpose of the Nobel Peace Prize , " Ma said . The selection of Liu was made by the Norwegian Nobel Committee , whose president said the dissident won for his "  long and nonviolent struggle for fundamental human rights in China . " However , Ma said that while China and Norway have recently had "  good relations , " the committee 's decision would harm future dealings between the two countries . The Nobel Committee stood by its choice and said it had expected China to react strongly . "  We have a very strong tradition of awarding the prize to human rights activists of many different kinds , " Geir Lundestad , director of the Nobel Institute , told CNN . The institute assists the committee in selecting the prize each year . Lundestad cited German pacifist and journalist Carl von Ossietsky in 1935 , Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel in 1986 , Myanmar pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi in 1991 and Iranian campaigner Shirin Ebadi in 2003 as examples of human rights activists who have won the prize . "  This is a tradition we are very proud of , and this is a tradition for which the Norwegian Nobel Committee has received much applause , " Lundestad said . "  We felt that if we were serious about this tradition , we did have to come to terms with the question of China in this perspective , and this is what we then did this year . " China 's strongly worded response came in stark contrast to glowing reaction from around the world . Pu Zhiqiang , a human rights lawyer who is Liu 's friend , said the prize indicates that Liu will have a huge impact . "  I doubt the Nobel will help Xiaobo right this moment , but in the long run , it will leave a legacy that is sure to help bring democratic reform and freedom to China , that will far outlast Liu 's life , " Pu said . "  Awarding the Peace Prize to him is the international community 's recognition of the increasing voices among the Chinese people in pushing China towards political , legal and constitutional reforms , " said the Dalai Lama , who won the prize in 1989 . "  I believe in the years ahead , future generations of Chinese will be able to enjoy the fruits of the efforts that the current Chinese citizens are making towards responsible governance . "	The award will harm relations between China and Norway , spokesman says Spokesman for foreign ministry says Liu Xiaobo 's actions contradict the purpose of award The award is supposed to "  promote national harmony , " he says
CNN  Goodbye , Stephen Colbert . We hardly knew you . In fact , that was the idea , was n't it ? Colbert -- the pugnacious , "  nation " - inspiring champion -- hosted his last "  Colbert Report " on Comedy Central Thursday night . About six months from now , he will take a new role as host of CBS ' "  Late Show . " It will be like Superman changing into Clark Kent -- or , perhaps , into Kal-El . For the Colbert we 've been watching bears only a tangential resemblance to the real thing . The real Colbert , as revealed in profiles in the New Yorker and The New York Times , is a modest family man , a devout Catholic with three children who 's "  extremely normal , " one of his neighbors said . The Colbert of the "  Colbert Report " is bombastic and ironic , equal parts Bill O'Reilly  who 's referred to as "  Papa Bear " on the show  and David Letterman , the man the real Colbert is replacing . Nevertheless , it 's worth noting that bombast and irony have paid off handsomely for the onetime "  Daily Show " correspondent and "  Strangers with Candy " actor . In some ways , he has become the power he 's ridiculed . Without Colbert , we would n't have a word for what 's now called "  truthiness , " the concept that if you feel it in your gut , it must be true .  It was Merriam-Webster 's word of the year in 2006 : the power of Stephen at work .  We would n't "  Know a District " and the sometimes humorless people who are elected to them . And we would n't understand how to turn the other cheek to Internet activists who wanted to #cancelColbert . Colbert ` Late Show ' staying in New York Yes , occasionally the Colbert alter ego pushed boundaries a little fiercely . When he was the featured entertainer at the 2006 White House Correspondents Dinner , his scathing jokes about President Bush , the Bush administration and the news media -- delivered with all mere feet away -- hit close to home .  So close , in fact , that the entertainment for the 2007 dinner was provided by the much safer Rich Little . And then there was the Colbert super PAC , Americans for a Better Tomorrow , Tomorrow . Colbert thought it would show the absurdity of campaign finance laws . It did -- but mainly because both Democrats and Republicans were willing to go along with it . Anything for money , it seems . It 's a funhouse mirror that Colbert 's partner in crime , Jon Stewart , has willingly supported . Both have found comedy gold through mockery , but if Stewart is the exasperated uncle , Colbert has been the mischievous nephew . By questioning reality through a character , Colbert has actually shown how absurd real reality often is . Obama fills in for Stephen Colbert No wonder he 'll be missed . Who else can symbolize America with a Ben & Jerry 's ice cream flavor , a NASA device and a minor league hockey mascot ? Colbert IS the Real America . Even President Obama paid tribute . Occasionally he 's shown us who he is underneath the character , of course . He answered a Reddit AMA very much as himself , and took the time to be a grown man for a Rookie magazine feature . He may be that guy when his "  Late Show " stint begins . But we do n't know who the new Colbert will be . Will he be full of smarm , like a Martin Short parody ? A puckish intellectual , a la Dick Cavett ? A rollicking Steve Allen type ? Whatever he is , he 's said he 's leaving the "  Colbert Report 's " Colbert behind . Colbert 's time slot will be well-cared for , thanks to Larry Wilmore and the "  Nightly Show , " which will follow Stewart 's "  Daily Show " starting January 19 . But his impact may never be equaled . Surprisingly , Colbert was worried that the character would n't sustain . As he told The New York Times , "  I thought topical stuff had an ephemeral quality -- it would be meaningless in a week . I wanted my character to be eternal . " No worries there , Stephen Colbert . We 'll always remember . Opinion : Goodbye , ` Stephen Colbert ' ?	Stephen Colbert wraps up "  The Colbert Report " Thursday night Colbert 's blustering "  Stephen Colbert " character has made him famous Real Colbert is a soft-spoken family man Colbert will take over for David Letterman in 2015
The debate about inequality just keeps heating up . At the end of the year , President Barack Obama called it "  the defining challenge of our time . " New York Mayor Bill de Blasio just promised a war for equality . Democrats across the country are thrilled at the prospect of raising the minimum wage . The 50th anniversary of President Lyndon Johnson 's Great Society speech seems to have riled everybody up . And on Tuesday , Democrats won a small potential victory on behalf of the jobless , squeaking past a procedural hurdle so the Senate can proceed with debate on a bill that would extend emergency unemployment benefits for three months . But behind the headlines , the story is more complex . For one thing , we need to be clear what kind of inequality we care about . Do we want to close the gap between low and high earners , in which case a higher minimum wage would help ? Or is it between the employed and unemployed , where a higher minimum wage is irrelevant or possibly slight harmful -- but where unemployment benefits help a lot ? Or is the income inequality we are worried about the one between the poor and the middle class , or the one between the affluent and the really , really affluent -- that is , the top 1 % Most important of all , we need to be clearer about whether we are seeking greater equality of outcomes , or greater equality of opportunity . Obama reminded us that America has long stood as a nation that promotes equality of rights and opportunities , rather than outcomes . There are big gaps in the United States between rich and poor , mostly because the state is a much less enthusiastic redistributor of income than in other nations . Inequality is a political choice , rather than an economic fact . Taking money from the successful to help the struggling is close to an un-American idea . But as Obama noted , American tolerance of inequality has historically rested upon an assumption of shared opportunity . The trouble is , America is now not very equal in terms of opportunity , either . Scholars are wrestling with the question of how income inequality and intergenerational mobility are related to each other . Intuitively , it seems harder to climb a ladder when the rungs are farther apart . So inequality may cause immobility , in a relationship popularized by the economist Alan Krueger as a "  Great Gatsby Curve . " But it is not a straightforward relationship . For one thing , there are some nations with similar rates of inequality to the United States , but much higher rates of mobility , such as Canada and Australia . Meanwhile , in other nations with low rates of social mobility , such as Italy , greater government redistribution softens the blow . The children of the poor may end up poor , but their poverty is less biting than in the United States . And of course there are some countries that are both equal and enjoy mobility , such as those in Scandinavia . Inequality and immobility are a toxic combination regardless . An unequal , immobile society will mutate into a stratified one with sharply separated classes , generation after generation . In his speech , Obama stirred low mobility , low wages and high inequality together into a political goulash of "  an economy that works for all Americans . " That 's fine for political positioning . But when it comes to policy , choices have to be made . A higher minimum wage will raise incomes among low-income workers but will do little to reduce inequality , since the poorest do n't work -- and the incomes of the top 1 % , where the real inequality action is , will be unaffected . If the goal is to address income inequality seriously , the solution is to tax the richest more and put that revenue into tax credits and welfare benefits . Doing so will even out incomes but will likely do little to alter the distribution of opportunities . If we want to tackle intergenerational mobility , that money would be far better spent on parenting programs , pre-K schemes , higher salaries to lure talented teachers to tough schools , greater subsidies for smart , poor children going to college and tighter regulation of internships . None of which will influence short-run income inequality one jot . Obama 's rhetoric leaned more toward boosting social mobility . But his policy prescriptions tilted more toward addressing inequality and wage levels . Which does he really want ? He might of course say both . But it 's not realistic to imagine we can become Denmark . The real choice is to try and recover the notion of an open society in the American Dream , currently flourishing in Canada , or accept the slow ossification of the class divide and do a better job of compensating the poor for their increasingly inherited poverty . If we give up on the hope of improving social mobility , the moral claims of European-style egalitarianism will become harder to resist . A large gap between rich and poor is one thing when there 's plenty of movement between the two , but quite another when affluence and poverty are inherited . There is a moral justification for a society with high inequality offset by high mobility , grounded in liberal ideas of freedom and fairness . And there is a moral justification for a society with low mobility , softened by low inequality , based on left-of-center egalitarian ideals . But there is no moral justification for a society with a large gap between rich and poor , and little movement between the two . That 's the toxic combination we 're suffering from right now .	Richard V. Reeves : Inequality debate masks complex issue of inequality vs. social mobility Obama says Americans tolerated inequality as long as there was equal opportunity But Reeves says fixing social mobility involves different strategy than fixing inequality Reeves : Gap between rich and poor and little movement between the two is toxic
Rolling Stone  -- Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev showed sympathy for the imprisoned members of Pussy Riot at a regional meeting for the ruling United Russia party today , the Wall Street Journal reports . He maintained that their two-year prison sentence is excessive . "  The term is very strong . I would even say a terrible burden , " said Medvedev in his televised response . "  I do n't want to replace the judge ... but the time they have already served is , in essence , more than enough to make them think about what happened , whether it was from their own stupidity or for other reasons . " Medvedev also said that he believes a suspended sentence , including the six-plus months the women have already served , would have been enough . Eddie Van Halen Goes Bananas on Howard Stern : The Full Highlights "  Prolonging their time in prison in connection to this case seems unproductive , " he said . Still , Medvedev said he was "  sickened " by the group 's acts and the "  hysteria " they caused . Paul McCartney Voices Support for Jailed Russian Band Pussy Riot The three imprisoned members of Pussy Riot have appealed their convictions , while other members of the group have fled Russia to escape arrest . The group recently released a video thanking Madonna , BjÃ ¶ rk , Green Day , the Red Hot Chili Peppers and other artists for their public support while they burned a poster of Russian president Vladimir Putin . See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has showed sympathy for the imprisoned members of Pussy Riot He maintained that their two-year prison sentence is excessive "  The term is very strong . I would even say a terrible burden , " he said
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- About 200 Kurdish demonstrators marched up a narrow Istanbul street behind a large banner that said "  political prisoners are our pride , we will not stay silent over the deaths in prison . " The group 's organizers were expecting trouble . They were marching on Tuesday without a government permit . Barely 200 yards up the road , the crowd encountered a squad of armored Turkish riot police and a big police vehicle blocking the road . Without any verbal warning , the vehicle lurched forward and unleashed its water cannon on the crowd . The demonstrators huddled behind their banner for a moment , until riot police unleashed a volley of tear gas canisters into the crowd . As stinging , acrid smoke engulfed the neighborhood , the middle-aged Kurdish demonstrators quickly gave way to masked youths hurling stones and fireworks at the police . Tuesday marked the second time in two days Turkish riot police used force against unsanctioned gatherings of political groups challenging the government . On Monday , security forces in Ankara used pepper spray and water cannons to disperse secularist groups trying to hold a rally celebrating the anniversary of the foundation of the Turkish republic . Participants gathered in defiance of a government ban . The next day , Turkey 's chief prosecutor announced he was launching an investigation into the secularist gathering . The crackdown during Republic Day in Ankara highlighted how powerless Turkey 's once dominant secular establishment has become . It has also led to accusations by long-time supporters in Turkish newspapers that Turkey 's Islamist-rooted prime minister is adopting the same authoritarian tactics of the secularist ancient regime . Tuesday 's Kurdish clashes reflect a different power struggle . The riots in Istanbul and other Turkish cities mark yet another day in a bloody 30-year cycle of violence between the Turkish state and the Kurds . It is Turkey 's oldest and deadliest ethnic conflict , one that has claimed more than 30,000 lives . The conflict developed a disturbing new dynamic in recent weeks as a mass hunger strike has spread through the Turkish penal system . According to the Turkish government statistics , at least 680 Kurdish prisoners are now starving themselves , some for nearly 50 days . "  They want two things , " said Gulcin Isbert , a member of the Peace and Democracy Party  BDP  , which is Turkey 's largest and best-organized Kurdish nationalist party . "  The right to education and defense in court in their native language , and for the leader of the Kurds , Abdullah Ocalan , to have health , security and freedom . " For decades , the Kurdish language was banned in Turkey despite the fact the Kurds make up the country 's largest ethnic minority . Those restrictions have been relaxed over the past decade by the government of prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , which introduced a state Kurdish-language television station . But Kurdish partisans want to expand those linguistic freedoms . The demand for the release of Ocalan is much more problematic . He is the founder of the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , a group that Turkey , the U.S. and the European Union label as a ` terrorist organization . ' Though Ocalan has spent more than a decade imprisoned on a Turkish island in the Marmara Sea , the guerilla war he began against the Turkish state continues to be fought . Last month , the nonprofit conflict mediation organization International Crisis Group published a report arguing Turkey 's PKK conflict had reached its deadliest levels in some 13 years , with more than 700 people killed during a 14 month period . Last weekend , Turkey 's semiofficial Anatolian Agency reported a police officer was killed in an apparent rebel attack in southeastern Turkey , the main battle ground in the conflict . The ICG report also cited Turkish Ministry of Justice statistics indicating Kurds have been targets of a massive wave of detentions , with more than 7,000 prisoners accused of PKK links thrown behind bars over the past several years . The parents of some of those prisoners were in a tent in a park in Istanbul 's Okmeydani neighborhood Tuesday morning , staging a sit-in to support their children on hunger strike . Women in Kurdish head-scarves sat on carpets , some of them decorated with traditional facial tattoos , swaying and singing folks songs in Kurdish . "  Of course we are worried , " said Feride Akdogan , whose 26-year old daughter Sehnaz had been on hunger strike for the past 15 days . Asked whether it was worth losing her daughter to improve prison conditions for PKK-leader Ocalan , Akdogan said simply "  thousands of our people have thrown themselves on the fire for our leader . " Ebu Bekir Polat and his wife , Behiye , were participating in the sit-in for their daughter Ciyan . She was arrested two and a half years ago at the age of 18 , Polat said , and accused of membership in a terrorist organization , though she had yet to be convicted in court . "  No one has the right to make our kids rot in jail like this for two and a half years , " Polat said . He insisted the hunger strikers were staging their potentially lethal protest in the interest of peace . "  These kids have given their bodies to the fire of hunger ... not just for the Kurdish people , but for the future of Turkey . So that this war can end , so that neither soldiers , police or guerillas in the mountains die , " Polat added . Last week , Turkey 's Justice Minister made a televised appeal to prisoners to stop their hunger strike . "  Reform and change , work on expanding freedoms is ongoing , " Sadullah Ergin said during a visit to a prison in Ankara . "  For your bodies , for your health , for the family members who love you ... stop this action . " But on Tuesday , riot police in Istanbul had little sympathy for relatives of the prisoners . As squads of riot police and armored cars chased stone-throwing Kurds through the streets of Okmeydani , a police vehicle rounded a corner and started firing its water cannon at the tent where at least 20 mostly middle aged Kurdish women sat on carpets . A lawyer for the Kurds rushed forward , arguing that the sit-in by the Kurdish mothers was peaceful and had nothing to do with the nearby street clashes . "  They are throwing Molotov cocktails at us , " a police commander answered . "  They can have 15 minutes to leave the area . " But less than five minutes later , armored police officers began ripping down the tent . Another officer popped open a tear gas canister and tossed it into the tent , at the feet of the increasingly panicked women inside . As women stumbled to their feet half-blind trying to escape , a Kurdish man kicked the canister out of the tent . A police officer in a suit and gas mask then picked it up and threw it back into the tent . "  Get the mothers ! Get the mothers out of there ! " yelled a silver-haired Kurdish man named Ali Riza Bilgili , as he struggled to help a woman out of the tent . A half dozen police officers in helmets and gas masks then worked together to rip down one of the metal ribs holding up the tent . "  Enough ! " another Kurdish man screamed . "  What has this woman done wrong ? You 're only doing this because I do n't have a gun . " Moments later , the police withdrew . Reinforcements were arriving in the neighborhood . But the protests were also growing . A kilometer away , young Kurdish men momentarily blocked a major commercial road ... intimidating drivers by laying rocks on the pavement . Turkey 's Kurdish conflict is still very far from over .	Tuesday is the second time in two days Turkish riot police used force against protesters On Monday , security forces in Ankara used pepper spray and water cannons Tuesday 's Kurdish clashes reflect a different power struggle
Health.com  -- Overweight people with a history of heart disease who take the prescription weight-loss drug Meridia may be at increased risk of heart attack or stroke , according to a study published this week in the New England Journal of Medicine . The study confirms longstanding concerns about the safety of Meridia in people with heart disease and other heart problems , who are already warned against taking the drug . A Food and Drug Administration  FDA  advisory committee is scheduled to meet later this month to discuss the possibility of increased regulation for Meridia . The meeting was prompted by the preliminary results from the study , known as SCOUT , which were released by the agency in November 2009 . Health.com : 9 surprising heart attack risks In the study -- which was sponsored by the drug 's maker , Abbott Laboratories -- researchers followed 10,744 overweight and obese people who had heart disease or type 2 diabetes and a risk factor for heart disease  such as high blood pressure  for about 3.5 years . During that time , 4.1 percent and 2.6 percent of the people taking Meridia had a nonfatal heart attack or stroke , respectively , compared with 3.2 percent and 1.9 percent of the people taking a placebo pill . That translates into a 28 percent increased risk of heart attack and a 36 percent increased risk of stroke , according to the study . However , Meridia did not appear to increase the risk of heart attack or stroke in diabetics with no history of heart disease . Nor did the researchers find any differences in the death rates from heart attack , stroke , or other causes in people taking Meridia versus placebo . Health.com : Heart trouble ? 30 herbal remedies to avoid Lead researcher W. Philip T. James , M.D. , an obesity expert at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , in the U.K. , says that the study underscores that Meridia should not be prescribed to people with existing heart problems . But , he adds , "  it does not prove that you should extrapolate the data to the normal population for which the drug is intended . " The active ingredient in Meridia , sibutramine , suppresses appetite by affecting levels of the brain chemicals serotonin and norepinephrine . The drug is designed to be used by overweight and obese people , not by people who are a bit chubby and are trying to slim down . Health.com : 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat Meridia has been shown to slightly raise blood pressure and heart rate , and the cardiovascular risk associated with the drug has been known for years . Since being approved by the FDA in 1997 , Meridia has carried a warning on its label that says the drug should not be used in people with a history of heart disease , heart failure , heart-rhythm problems , or stroke . In January 2010 , after reviewing the preliminary data from the SCOUT study , the FDA asked Abbott to strengthen the warning . The European Medicines Agency -- the European equivalent of the FDA -- chose to suspend sales of the drug in the European Union . In an editorial accompanying the study , three New England Journal of Medicine editors suggest that the heart risk associated with Meridia is not justified by the weight loss seen in the study -- about 9.5 pounds  or 4.5 percent of initial body weight  after one year , on average . " -LSB- I -RSB- t is difficult to discern a credible rationale for keeping this medication on the market , " the editors write . Health.com : Three new weight-loss drugs : will they work ? The FDA would be going too far if it pulled the drug from the market , says Donna H. Ryan , M.D. , associate executive director for clinical research at the Pennington Biomedical Research Center , in Baton Rouge , Louisiana . She notes that the patients taking Meridia who were at greater risk for heart attack and stroke in the SCOUT study -- those with preexisting cardiovascular disease -- are already precluded from taking the drug . The study should not be interpreted to mean that the drug should n't be used at all , says Ryan , who prior to 2008 served as a consultant for Abbott and other manufacturers of obesity drugs . "  The study does n't really support that , and indeed , in the population where you did n't have preexisting cardiovascular disease ... there is no increased risk , " she says . Sidney Wolfe , M.D. , the director of the health research group at Public Citizen , a consumer advocacy organization that petitioned the FDA to ban Meridia for safety reasons in 2002 , says that even people who have n't been diagnosed with heart disease should avoid Meridia . Some obese people have unrecognized heart problems that may be aggravated by the drug , he says . Meridia "  should never have been approved in the first place , " Wolfe adds . The FDA 's advisory committee on endocrinologic and metabolic drugs will discuss Meridia on September 15 . The agency is not required to follow the committee 's recommendations , but it typically does . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Those with a history of heart disease who take Meridia may be at high risk of heart attack The FDA is scheduled to meet this month to discuss increased regulation for Meridia The study showed a 28 percent increased heart attack risk and a 36 percent increased stroke risk
