CNN  -- At least 200 structures have been destroyed and 1,100 damaged after a dam on an eastern Iowa lake failed , unleashing a torrent of floodwaters , a spokesman for the governor said Sunday . The Lake Delhi dam , about 45 miles north of Cedar Rapids , failed Saturday as a result of "  massive rain -- a very unusually high amount this season , " according to Jim Flansburg , communications director for Gov. Chet Culver . It was unclear how many of the structures impacted by the ensuing floodwaters were residential homes , Flansburg said . Culver planned to tour the affected areas Sunday afternoon , helping set sandbags out to stave off the rising Maquoketa River . Culver told CNN Saturday that nearly 10 inches of rain had recently fallen in a 12-hour period in the area and was "  too much water for the dam to hold . " The roads on either side of the dam -- which were part of the cement dam 's containment measures -- apparently gave out as a result of the rainfall , Flansburg said . Video on Saturday showed massive amounts of water violently gushing from the pool behind the dam into the Maquoketa below . Nearby homes and buildings were under water up to their eaves . No injuries were reported .	It 's unclear how many of the affected structures are residential homes The Lake Delhi dam failed Saturday as a result of heavy rainfall in the region Iowa Gov. Chet Culver will tour the affected region Sunday No injuries were reported in the flooding
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's sexual molestation trial is "  no-go territory " for defense lawyers in the trial of Dr. Conrad Murray , a judge ruled Monday . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor , however , will allow testimony from two doctors about what the defense contends was Jackson 's request for the surgical anesthetic propofol , a drug the coroner ruled played a major role in his death . Defense lawyers appeared frustrated with the rejection of their witnesses , although they declined to speak to reporters about it as they left the downtown Los Angeles courthouse after Monday 's hearing . Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the June 25 , 2009 , death of Jackson , who would have turned 53 Monday . The defense wanted to have a Santa Barbara County , California , detective testify about drugs found at Jackson 's Neverland estate during a search related to the sex charge . "  In particular , it is relevant to the defense that Michael Jackson possessed both propofol and Demerol in his residence as early as 2003 , " the defense said in a motion filed Monday . Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney David Walgren argued testimony about drugs Jackson possessed in 2003 "  has absolutely nothing to do with the standard of medical care " Murray gave Jackson the day he died on June 25 , 2009 . Bringing up anything about the molestation trial , which ended with Jackson 's acquittal , would be "  character assassination on the victim , " Walgren said . Defense lawyer Ed Chernoff , in a hearing Monday afternoon , assured the judge that he did not intend to question the detective about the sex charge , but only about drugs he found in his search . Murray 's defense lawyers want to argue that Jackson was addicted to the painkiller Demerol and was undergoing withdrawal from the drug when he died , Chernoff said . He said he expects the prosecution will say he "  merely liked Demerol " and was not addicted . Jackson 's "  past drug addictions , use desires , possessions " is relevant , Chernoff said in court . Pastor ruled that the events were too far in the past for this trial and could mislead the jury . "  Anything having to do with the year 2003 , any incident with Neverland , Santa Barbara , medical doctors , fundamentally is irrelevant , " Pastor said . "  It proves absolutely nothing with regard to the year 2009 . " Pastor ruled that Beverly Hills dermatologist Dr. Arnold Klein could not be called to testify about giving Jackson Demerol shots . Testimony about Jackson 's visits to Klein 's office in the days before his death could lead the jury "  down the path of prescribing to Dr. Klein some sort of criminal culpability in the death of Mr. Jackson . " However , Klein 's medical records can be used in the trial , he ruled . Two of Klein 's office employees also can not be called as witnesses , he ruled . Prosecutors in the trial of Murray , Jackson 's last doctor , had asked the judge to exclude or limit the testimony of 26 witnesses Murray 's lawyers said they might call . Pastor has indicated he would keep the trial limited to what happened the last several days of Jackson 's life . His decisions on the prosecution 's request to limit witnesses indicate how tightly the judge will limit the defense arguments . Other witnesses the judge said the defense could not call include John Branca , the lawyer who became executor of Jackson 's estate after his death . Nothing about Jackson 's finances can be considered , he said . The Los Angeles coroner has ruled that Jackson 's death was caused by an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , combined with other drugs . Prosecutors have accused Murray of having a role in the overdose . Jury selection is scheduled to begin on September 8 , with opening statements expected to be heard on September 27 . Lawyers estimate the trial will conclude in early November . If convicted on the involuntary manslaughter charge , Murray could face up to four years in prison .	NEW : Defense lawyers appear frustrated , but leave the courthouse in silence Murray charged with involuntary manslaughter of Michael Jackson His lawyers want to include drug evidence from Jackson 's 2003 case Judge says that 's too old ; he also limits several defense witnesses
China certainly has its finger on the pulse when it comes to technology , and thanks to 26-year-old entrepreneur Liu Chengcheng , Chinese start-ups are having an easier time innovating for the future . Four years ago , Chencheng 's website , 36KR . com , first took form as an online destination for latest tech news in China . Now it connects investors with promising start-ups looking to expand and grow . So far this year , the site has paired over a hundred start-ups with investors and stands as China 's largest database covering the tech scene . CNN : How did your website move from being a portal for industry tech news to helping match investors with tech start-ups ? Liu Chengcheng : We noticed that many investors would come to our platform and look for founders of start-up projects , and vice versa , when start-ups approached us for media exposure . So we wanted to develop a highly efficient platform for investors and projects to connect and collaborate . CNN : How do you guide investors to the projects that are most suited to them ? LC : Personally , I recommend new investors to focus on projects with sustained demands , such as those providing tools for businesses or developers , rather than lifestyle-related ones , which can grow fast but might vanish fast too . CNN : How would describe our relationship with the internet ? LC : The internet is a fundamental part of our lives , but it 's not the case for our parents ' generation . We have a better grip on the internet . It is the first thing we think about , when it comes to problem solving . Rather than seeking connections or favors offline . We believe in the internet for solutions . CNN : What makes a strong business leader ? LC : I always admire people who can make firm decisions despite different voices . The late Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping was one of them , he brought change to China . I often ask myself what I have changed , there should be a reason for my being .	36KR , a website started by 26-year-old entrepreneur Liu Chengcheng , connects new start-ups with investors So far this year , the site has connected over a hundred start-ups with investors and the company itself is estimated to be worth $ 100 million US dollars With information on over 70 thousand start-ups , 36KR is now the industry 's largest database in China covering the tech scene
CNN  -- How do you keep hope alive ? The news of the recovery of Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus , along with Michelle Knight , sent shock waves through the nation and the community of folks who used to work at "  America 's Most Wanted , " a show that ran for decades , trying to bring missing children home . When you deal with tragedy every day , you absolutely live for moments like these -- moments that came all too rarely . I do n't think we aired Knight 's case -- she was an adult when she went missing , and we sadly had to draw the line on those cases -- but we did tell Berry and DeJesus ' stories , and they became close to our hearts . We worked like madmen when children went missing , because we knew that if they were not recovered that first day or possibly the next , the chances that they were still alive began to diminish rapidly . And yet , as days turned into weeks and months , I would listen to the families and to the cops and FBI agents on this case , and hundreds of others , and I would marvel at their determination and their belief that we would , in fact , solve this one . Or this one . Or this one . And I wondered : How did they all manage , in the midst of such sorrow , to keep hope alive ? It was a question I have pondered all my life . I was about the age Berry is now when my stepsister , Jackie , disappeared . She suffered from schizophrenia and one night ran out of our house in Rockaway , New York , in a mania-induced rage . She was last seen headed to Manhattan on the A train , wearing no coat in the middle of winter , probably without a dime in her pocket . My family was not one of those brave , strong families I would meet years later ; Jackie 's disappearance tore our family apart . Her mother was driven to madness by the not-knowing , my father driven to depression and attempted suicide by a life that had become a lonely prison , caged in by his wife 's grief . They became , thoroughly and utterly , hopeless . I suppose that working on "  America 's Most Wanted " gave me a chance to do for others what I could not do for my own family -- and , sure enough , the very first story I worked on was the case of a missing 5-year-old girl from Boston . We managed to bring that girl home to her family , and until I had a child of my own , it remained the most important thing I had ever done in my life . Before "  America 's Most Wanted " was canceled , 60 missing children were found . And in every case , every one , you could trace the successful return of that child to someone -- a family member , a cop -- who just decided to never give up hope . Our host , John Walsh , a man who 'd lost his own child to terrible violence , would never let us give up on a case . And so we pressed on . Whenever a child would go missing , the media would jump all over the story for a few days and then move on to other things . But we kept airing the case , year after year , hoping against hope that something would turn up . Whenever the energy to keep going on a case would flag , someone would remind us of the miracles that came before . Along with the families , we were buoyed -- elated , overjoyed -- by cases like Shawn Hornbeck , an 11-year-old who disappeared from a country road near his parents ' home in Missouri in October 2002 and was found alive four years later . And whose parents never , ever gave up hoping . Elizabeth Smart , whom we found after she was held for nine months by a so-called street preacher . Or the astounding case of Jaycee Lee Dugard , who was recovered after 18 long years and who was honored Tuesday night -- in one of those wonderful moments of synchronicity -- at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children 's annual Hope Awards . As so many people rejoice , I have to admit to some pangs of sadness as I watch the news of the recovery of Berry , DeJesus and Knight . I know there are so many families , like my own , who fear that they will never see their loved ones again . We think of the joy that DeJesus and Knight 's families must feel . We watch as Berry 's relatives exult at her return : "  I 'm excited to see her , " said her cousin . "  I 'm excited to hold her , excited to squeeze her , to tell her how much I love her and miss her " -- and know that we may never get to say those words . I talked to Lance Heflin today , my old boss , and he told me , "  People who do n't follow this do n't realize what an absolute miracle this is . This just does n't happen . When you do this for a living you realize , this is a goddamned miracle . " And it is that fact -- that miracles do indeed happen -- that every family of every missing child is trying to hold onto . I know , because I have spent 15 years working with them , that moments like these remind you : The hardest thing to do is , in the end , the only thing to do . You have to . There is no choice . You have to keep hope alive . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Philip Lerman .	Philip Lerman oversaw the missing child cases for "  America 's Most Wanted " 60 cases were solved but not the personal one : his stepsister 's disappearance He saw brave families hold out hope , and show would air and re-air their cases Lerman says every family of a missing child is holding onto hope after women found
CNN  -- Rumors that the Pentagon or CIA were somehow involved in the sex crime accusations against WikiLeaks founder and editor Julian Assange in Sweden are "  complete nonsense , " the attorney for the alleged victims said Tuesday . Claes Borgstrom of the Swedish law firm Borgstrom and Bostrom said the two women he represents have nothing to do with any kind of conspiracy . "  What I can say is that those rumors that the Pentagon or the CIA are supposed to be involved lack all connection with reality , " Borgstrom said from Stockholm , Sweden . The women "  have been subjected to sexual crimes , and the added pressure of the intense worldwide media interest has been very hard on them , " he added . A warrant issued Friday for Assange in Sweden listed charges of rape and molestation , but it was revoked less than a day later by Chief Prosecutor Eva Finne . Finne said Monday that she had not spoken to Assange . Leif Silbersky , the lawyer representing Assange , said Tuesday that his client strongly denies all the accusations . "  His view is that he has not done anything that is morally and legally wrong , " Silbersky said . He also denounced the prosecutor who identified Assange to the media . "  Normally they should neither confirm nor deny the identity of a suspect , but in this case the prosecutor made two serious mistakes : The first was that she so quickly arrested Assange in his absence over a very serious crime without finding out all facts first . The second was that she confirmed his identity to the media . That , to me , almost constitutes a serious misconduct , " Silbersky said . The website founded by Assange , WikiLeaks , has triggered controversy by recently posting 76,000 U.S. documents related to the war in Afghanistan , a move that has drawn criticism from both the U.S. and Afghanistan . Another 15,000 documents are to be released soon , Assange has said . He told the Arab-language television network Al-Jazeera on Sunday that the accusations are "  clearly a smear campaign . " "  The only question is , who was involved ? " he asked . He told the Swedish daily newspaper Aftonbladet in a story Sunday that he does n't know who was behind it , "  but we have been warned that , for example , the Pentagon is planning on using dirty tricks to destroy our work . " He said he was also warned about "  sex traps . " Asked by the paper whether he has fallen for one of those traps , he said , "  Maybe . Maybe not . " When asked Monday whether the Department of Defense had any involvement in the charges or the allegations , Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman replied , "  No , that 's ridiculous . " Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd also denied that the department had any involvement in the situation . Silbersky declined to comment on the conspiracy allegations . Borgstrom said the two alleged victims contacted him over the weekend , and he met with them Monday . One is about 25 years old , and the other woman is about 35 years old , he said , but he did not want to give any more details about his clients for fear that they 'll be identified . "  I also ca n't give any details of the events . Assange has not been heard yet , and giving out any details could interfere with the investigation , " Borgstrom said . "  What I can say is that these are two Swedish women who have had two experiences completely independent of one another . They are not friends from before , but these events were connected with Assange 's tour in Sweden . " Borgstrom says Assange 's actions should be classified as at least sexual molestation . "  I understand why the prosecutor judged one incident as rape . My judgment is that the two women have been subjected to at least sexual molestation , " he said , adding that there are still many questions about the incidents that need to be answered . Assange told Aftonbladet that he had never , "  either in Sweden nor in any other country , had sex with anyone in a way that was not based on both sides being completely voluntary . " Borgstrom also criticized the prosecutor for not questioning Assange immediately in the case . "  It is obvious that he is a suspect of sex crimes , and if he leaves the country , then we may never be able to hear his explanation , " the attorney explained . The fear that Assange might leave Sweden was apparently what provoked the warrant last week , according to a statement posted Monday on the Sweden Prosecution Authority 's website . The prosecutor "  decided that Julian Assange was to be arrested , " based on information that police gave her over the phone about the allegations -- a typical procedure , authorities said . "  The prosecutor was also made aware that the individual concerned was a foreign national and that he was about to leave the country , " the chronology said . One reason for issuing the warrant was "  that there was a risk that he would have time to leave the country before authorities had time to interrogate him . There was also a risk that he could have interfered with the investigation . " A group that claims to work to protect individuals ' legal rights in the Swedish justice system said Monday that it has reported the on-call prosecutor to the Swedish Parliamentary Ombudsman of Justice . It was unclear what action , if any , the ombudsman could take against the prosecutor . "  We can see that , time after time , prosecutors do n't follow the Swedish objectivity laws , " said Johann Binninge , founder of the Organisation for Safe Legal Proceedings . "  When accusations come in , prosecutors do n't even check facts before they take coercive measures , and this is contrary to Swedish laws . In this case , the prosecutor only listened to one individual 's story but did n't bother checking the other side of the story before accusing Mr. Assange of a very serious crime . This is why we have reported her . " News of the warrant reached a Swedish media outlet , the prosecution authority said , but "  the authority does not know how this happened , and the authority is not allowed to investigate this . " Under Swedish law , news outlets are protected from police investigations into their sources . The news organization contacted the on-call prosecutor Friday night , the authority said . "  Once the on-call prosecutor was made aware that the news organization already knew all the details in the case , she confirmed that there was such a case ongoing and that it involved Julian Assange . " However , she provided no details to the media , the authority said . "  This is very important , especially in cases involving sex crimes , since information about the individuals involved must be protected . This is governed by Swedish privacy laws . " After the news broke in the media on Saturday , the on-call prosecutor "  came under intense pressure " and it became clear the case needed to be transferred to someone else so that she could continue her usual duties , the prosecution authority said . Finne was then appointed lead investigator and immediately began looking into the case , the authority said . She made the decision Saturday to revoke the warrant "  because she did not consider it possible to suspect him of rape , " the statement said . "  The amount of information available to her was more extensive than what the on-call prosecutor had on Friday evening . Exactly what that information was can not be disclosed at this point , since the investigation is ongoing . " Assange said the on-call prosecutor should be criticized , as well as the media "  who so blindly reported these accusations . " Finne , however , said in a statement Monday , "  My decision that Mr. Assange should no longer be arrested in his absence because he could not be suspected of rape is by no means criticism of the decision of the duty prosecutor . I had access to more information on Saturday than the duty prosecutor had on Friday . " Assange told Aftonbladet that he was at a friend 's cottage in northern Sweden and had initially planned to stay until Wednesday but was delaying his departure for reasons unrelated to the investigation . Swedish media , citing unnamed sources , reported that the two women reported the allegations to police , which led to the warrant . Aftonbladet said the older woman told the newspaper that the younger woman had approached her with a story similar to hers : that she had consensual sex with Assange but that the situation had turned abusive . Karin Rosander , spokeswoman for the prosecution authority , would not confirm those reports . Finne has "  still not decided what other potential offenses -LSB- Assange -RSB- may be suspected of in the incident previously labeled rape , " the prosecution authority 's statement said . "  She also has not yet decided on the suspected molestation . The investigation is still ongoing and the suspicions against Assange are still there . " Rosander said Monday that if Assange is convicted of molestation , he could face a sentence of up to a year in jail . Prosecutors may also request in court that he be held in jail while awaiting trial , she said . Rosander earlier had said he would not face jail time if convicted of molestation but corrected that Monday . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Attorney for alleged victims says rumors of Pentagon or CIA involvement are nonsense WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange 's attorney says his client denies all allegations Assange told a TV network he had been warned about "  sex traps " The fear that Assange might leave Sweden prompted a prosecutor to issue a warrant
Three brothers have confessed to involvement in the gang rape of two teenage girls in India , a police officer told CNN . The men have pleaded guilty to the rape charges but have not admitted to killing the girls , local police spokesman Mukesh Saxena said Sunday . All five known suspects , including two police officers , have been arrested , he said . The police complaint also names two unknown people in the case . Investigations are trying to determine their identity , Saxena said . The assault on the cousins , ages 14 and 16 , sparked outrage in the community in Uttar Pradesh state . After being gang raped , they were hanged from a mango tree , police said . The initial post-mortem report suggests that the two girls were alive when they were hanged , Saxena told CNN on Wednesday . "  The  autopsy  report is the basis of our investigation . The cause of the death is also being verified further through various other forensic and scientific methods , " he said . Villagers streamed into the homes of the girls ' relatives , weeping behind their customary veils . The mother of one of the girls said her daughter wanted to become a doctor to escape grinding poverty . The attackers , she said , deserved the same fate that befell her daughter . "  Hang them in public , " she said . CNN can not identify the relatives or victims under Indian law . In the northern village where the attack occurred , crowds surrounded the girls for hours after their bodies were found on May 28 . They accused authorities of siding with the suspects and blocked them from taking the girls down from their nooses unless arrests were made . In addition to possible rape and murder charges , the officers face charges of conspiracy in the crime and negligence of duty after villagers accused them of failing to respond when they first pinpointed the suspects . An autopsy confirmed that the girls had been raped and strangled , according to authorities . They were cremated the same day the bodies were found , in line with Hindu customs , Saxena said . "  We are scared , " said Renu Devi , a woman in the village where the attack occurred . "  If this could happen to them , it could happen to us also . " Police under scrutiny Devi has reason to fear . The girls were in an orchard relieving themselves the night of May 27 when the attackers grabbed them , authorities said . Toilets are rare in the village , forcing women to wander away into fields in the dead of night . "  There 's no toilet . Where can the girls go ? " shouted Jamuni Devi , another woman from the village . "  No one has done anything for sanitation . " Indians have more access to mobile phones than to toilets , according to a United Nations report four years ago . "  India has some 545 million cell phones , enough to serve about 45 % of the population , " according to the U.N. . But it also has the highest number of people in the world -- an estimated 620 million -- who defecate in the open , according to UNICEF . The lack of indoor plumbing leaves women in rural areas vulnerable to frequent rapes and beatings . "  It is a tragic irony to think that in India , a country now wealthy enough that roughly half of the people own phones , about half can not afford the basic necessity and dignity of a toilet , " said Zafar Adeel , chairman of the organization U.N.-Water . Unable to stop abduction Some people saw the abduction but were unable to stop it , police spokesman Saxena said , citing witnesses . His account echoed that of the father of the older victim , who alleged that a scuffle broke out between a relative and the three brothers suspected of the attack . "  They scared my cousin away with a locally made pistol , " he said . The daughter he lost was his only child . The victims ' relatives accused local police of failing to respond and siding with the suspects when the parents reported the case . The allegations have fueled anger among the villagers . "  If police wanted , my daughter would have been alive today , " he said . ` Endemic ' violence This Uttar Pradesh rape is the latest of several that have drawn the world 's attention to India in recent years . The horrific gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in New Delhi in late 2012 shook India , sparking campaigns against violent crimes against women in the country , the world 's second most populous , after China . The case prompted protests in many cities , soul-searching in the media and changes to law . But shocking instances of sexual violence continue to come to light . "  Laws can only do so much when you have to end something which is as endemic and as entrenched as violence against women , " said Divya Iyer , a senior researcher for Amnesty International in Bangalore , India . The country 's new Prime Minister , Narendra Modi , has said he wants to take steps to ensure that women are safe , particularly in rural India . But women 's rights groups have criticized what they say is a lack of specific proposals to tackle the problem , suggesting that gender inequality does n't appear to be high on his list of priorities . READ MORE : Grief , fear , blame over rapes in Indian village READ MORE : Relatives call for attackers to be hanged	The shocking attack on the cousins , ages 14 and 16 , sparks outrage worldwide Two police officers and three brothers have been arrested A total of five men are in custody so far "  We are scared , " says Renu Devi , a woman in the village where the attack occurred
CNN  -- A graphic image of what was reported to be Osama bin Laden 's bloodied face , which went viral on the Internet and was plastered on the front page of newspapers around the world , is a fake . The lower part of the photograph , which shows his partially opened mouth and graying beard , is almost identical to another image of bin Laden published years ago . The upper half shows his wounds in detail greater than that of the rest of the photo and there are unusual and abrupt shifts in the coloration of his skin . A photographer consulted by CNN said the gruesome photograph is most definitely not real . "  I have seen a great number of poorly Photoshopped images in my time as a photographer and I can tell by the pixels that it is a fake , " said Kenna Lindsay , a New York-based photographer who works with composite images . The Guardian newspaper in Britain reported the picture is actually a combination of two photographs : a bloodied corpse and a real image of bin Laden that was taken in 1998 and used by the Reuters news agency . The doctored image blanketed the Internet in the hours after bin Laden 's death and was picked up by news groups far and wide , in places like Pakistan , Afghanistan , Senegal and Iraq . Meanwhile , U.S. officials are weighing whether to release an actual image of bin Laden 's corpse . A photograph could help to convince doubters about his death , but it also could inflame passions against the United States . "  I 'll be candid that there are sensitivities here in terms of the appropriateness of releasing photographs of Osama bin Laden in the aftermath of this firefight , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Tuesday . "  We 're making an evaluation about the need to do that . " A senior government official involved in the discussions said a photo release could come as early as Tuesday . A second government official familiar with intelligence matters said deliberations are leaning toward a release , but emphasized that the decision "  is n't unanimous and everyone has understandable hesitation . "	A fake image of bin Laden 's bloodied face went viral on the Internet It was picked up by news organizations around the world U.S. authorities are weighing whether to release an actual image of his corpse
Washington  CNN  -- When Congress is tasked with debating U.S. involvement in overseas conflicts , a common refrain from lawmakers is to follow the advice of military commanders . It has been repeated dozens of times , for instance , by Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , when discussing the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  We urge the administration to work urgently with Iraqi authorities to reach an agreement that reflects the best military advice of U.S. commanders on the ground , " he wrote in a news release in 2011 about reducing the U.S. military footprint in Iraq . He said something similar in a 2012 statement about Afghanistan . Now that Congress will have its say on U.S. intervention in Syria , it has testimony and documents from top members of the military to reference , and some of the testimony falls short of an enthusiastic endorsement of U.S. involvement . Concerns exist within the ranks of the military over the outcome of such strikes , and those concerns are coupled with worries about strains on an already stretched military . Dempsey : Intervention in Syria could cost billions A frank assessment of the risks In a series of communications with Congress over the summer , Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , testified and wrote letters to Congress about the risk of U.S. military involvement in Syria . Chief among them is the challenge that a limited strike remain limited in scope . In an assessment to Sen. Carl Levin , head of the Senate Armed Services Committee , on July 19 , Dempsey outlined possible scenarios and the risks they bring . Dempsey said U.S. involvement , even if it 's limited in nature , would probably lead to an extended stay . "  Once we take action , we should be prepared for what comes next . Deeper involvement is hard to avoid , " he wrote . Dempsey explains that risks include retaliatory attacks by the al-Assad regime , civilian casualties and "  extremists " -- including al Qaeda , Hezbollah and Iran -- gaining more control and access to weapons , including chemical weapons . Two days before the alleged chemical attacks in Syria , Dempsey replied to a request from New York Rep. Eliot Engel on Dempsey 's assessment of different military options in Syria . The general outlined a difficult path for U.S. success in Syria . "  In a variety of ways , the use of U.S. military force can change the military balance , but it can not resolve the underlying and historic ethnic , religious and tribal issues that are fueling this conflict , " Dempsey wrote . "  It is my belief that the side we chose must be ready to support their interests and ours when the balance shifts in their favor . Today , they are not . " Another high-ranking member of the military urged extreme caution . According to the Washington Post , Gen. James Mattis , former head of U.S. Central Command , said at a security conference in July that "  this is going to be a full-throated , very , very serious war " if the U.S. becomes involved . House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon said he has concerns about the ongoing strategy after an attack . "  I 'm concerned about more the military aspects , what are we expecting Syria , Iran , Hezbollah , their other allies in the region to do . What are we doing about any attacks that might happen to Israel or Jordan or Turkey , other areas in the region , " said McKeon , R-California . "  For that matter , our embassies around the world . Are we doing everything we can to make sure we 're able to protect ourselves should they do any kind of counterattack ? " Overstretched military Any U.S. involvement will not be cheap . The U.S. is coming off a decade-long war in Iraq and is still fighting a 12-year-long war in Afghanistan . Additionally , tight budgets caused by forced spending cuts are concerning to those both inside and outside the military . The most likely scenario in Syria would be cruise missile strikes followed by a bomb damage assessment , with additional strikes on what was missed or not destroyed . Additionally , if the U.S. goes after chemical weapons capabilities , airstrikes would necessitate taking out Syria 's air defense and command and control capabilities . Dempsey wrote in his July letter that using "  lethal force to prevent the use or proliferation of chemical weapons " could cost "  well over $ 1 billion per month . " He also wrote that controlling chemical weapons would require more resources than just air and cruise missile strikes . He said it would need to be coupled with "  thousands of special operations forces and other ground forces " to secure critical sites . President Obama , however , has said he would put "  no boots " on the ground in Syria . The $ 1 billion price tag could take a hefty bite out of a slimmed-down military budget . Members of the military have testified before Congress and released statements about the crippling effect that the forced spending cuts has had on the military . Military operations will be "  significantly and adversely affected , " an August 10 Defense Department news release said . The military requested and the president proposed a budget of $ 526.6 billion for 2014 , which is 8 % more than what the Defense Department is currently operating with . Defense Department Comptroller Robert F. Hale told Congress that that request "  supports national security interests in a time of very complex challenges . " But it 's unclear whether the military would get its wish . Congress has not overturned the forced spending cuts , which would slash $ 52 billion next year . As the military points out , the sequester 's impact in 2014 would be 40 % greater than 2013 . Sen. James Inhofe , R-Oklahoma , said the U.S. simply ca n't afford to get involved in Syria . "  We 're in a position right now where we do n't have the assets to get involved in another intervention , " he said on CNN 's "  The Lead " last week . McKeon had similar concerns about the forced spending cuts . "  That is the thing that really concerns me is , sequestration on the backs of our military is making it very difficult for them to carry out mission after mission , " McKeon said . Congressional hawks tie Syria to budget cuts In addition to budget cuts , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have strained the military but also taught military leaders valuable lessons . Dempsey wrote : "  We have learned from the past 10 years ; however , that it is not enough to simply alter the balance of military power without careful consideration of what is necessary in order to preserve a functioning state . ... Should the regime 's institutions collapse in the absence of a viable opposition , we could inadvertently empower extremists or unleash the very chemical weapons we seek to control . " Rep. John Garamendi , D-California , echoed Dempsey 's sentiment . "  The past decade has amply demonstrated the folly of military commitments poorly conceived , " he wrote in a statement . Secretary of State John Kerry dismissed that argument . "  Fatigue does not absolve us of our responsibility , " he said Friday . Despite concerns , support exists However , some former top military leaders are coming out in support of a military strike . Gen. Wesley Clark , the former supreme commander of NATO who led military forces in the Kosovo war in 1999 , laid out a grim assessment . "  At a time when the U.S. faces many other security threats , not to mention economic and political challenges at home , it is tempting to view action against Syria 's regime as a significant distraction . Certainly , it also carries risks . ... You ca n't always control the script after you decide to launch a limited , measured attack , " he wrote in an opinion piece Friday in USA Today . Despite his measured tone , he said the humanitarian crisis is the U.S. 's responsibility . "  President Obama has rightly drawn a line at the use of chemical weapons . Some weapons are simply too inhuman to be used . And , as many of us learned during 1990s , in the words of President Clinton , ` Where we can make a difference , we must act . ' " Dempsey has not made any public statements about U.S. intervention . He 's scheduled to testify on Tuesday before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .	Budget cuts , cost of fighting two wars have stretched the military thin Dempsey wrote that U.S. forces can change the military balance , not what 's fueling the conflict Trying to prevent further use of chemical weapons could cost $ 1 billion per month , he says
CNN  -- iPhone screens are about to get a lot bigger , if a new report is to be believed . Suppliers in China are about to start work on two new iPhones , according to an article from Bloomberg . The phones will have display screens that are 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches across , when measured diagonally -- a major leap from the 4-inch displays on the iPhone 5S and 5C . Such a move would appear to be an effort to keep up with the competition . Rival smartphones , most notably those from Samsung , have been packing ever-larger displays in recent years . If these rumors are true , the bigger iPhone would nearly match the screen size of Samsung 's massive Galaxy Note 3 , with its pocket-busting , 5.7-inch "  phablet " display . The Korean company 's flagship Galaxy S5 has a 5.1-inch display , the new HTC One M8 has a 5-inch screen and the recently announced Amazon Fire phone checks in at 4.7 inches . The Bloomberg report says the new iPhones will ship to retailers "  around September " and be more rounded and thinner than previous models . That would be consistent with launch patterns from Apple , which for the past several years has announced new iPhones in early fall . If the report is true , this would mark the second consecutive year Apple has released two phones . Last year , Apple borrowed from the playbook of Samsung and other competitors by releasing the high-end iPhone 5S and the cheaper , more colorful 5C model . Almost a year later , the plastic iPhone 5C sells for as low as $ 99 with a wireless contract . For the previous six years , Apple had offered only a single , iconic phone even as competitors rolled out phones with many sizes , shapes and prices . The new iPhones may also be part of a one-two punch from Apple , which has been under pressure to innovate and which has promised new products in 2014 . Reports have said a long-awaited Apple smartwatch is also coming this fall . A Reuters report says the watch will have a 2.5-inch screen and be "  slightly rectangular . " Hackers show how to protect your iPhone 5 things we 'd like to see from the Apple smartwatch	Next iPhones will have much bigger screens , report says Displays will be 4.7 and 5.5 inches , according to Bloomberg Current iPhones have 4-inch screens , much smaller than some rivals Apple could also roll out a smartwatch this fall
Washington  CNN  An Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month , sparking concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces , CNN has learned . The incident , which has not been publicly disclosed , troubled U.S. military officials because the unsafe maneuver could have triggered a serious incident . It also surprised U.S. commanders because in recent months Iranian forces have conducted exercises and operations in the region in a professional manner , one U.S. military official told CNN . "  We think this might have been locally ordered , " the official said . The incident took place as the U.S. and other world powers meet with Iran in Switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting Tehran 's nuclear program . At the same time , Iran has been active in supporting proxies in several hotspots in the Persian Gulf and neighboring regions . The Navy MH-60R armed helicopter was flying from the deck of the USS Carl Vinson on a routine patrol in international airspace , the official said . An unarmed Iranian observation Y-12 aircraft approached . The Iranian aircraft made two passes at the helicopter , coming within 50 yards , before the helicopter moved off , according to the official . The official said the helicopter deliberately broke off and flew away in a ` predictable ' manner so the Iranians could not misinterpret any U.S. intentions . The Navy helicopter was in radio contact with the ship during the encounter , but there was no contact between the two aircraft and no shots were fired . The Navy crew took photos of the incident but the military is not releasing them . The U.S. administration is considering a potential demarche protest against Iran , the official said . CNN has reached out to Iranian officials but has not received a response . This type of Iranian observation aircraft generally operates over the Gulf several times a month . But after the recent incident , U.S. naval intelligence did not see it again for two weeks , leading to the conclusion that the incident may have been ordered by a local commander who was then reprimanded by higher-ups . The Pentagon has noted for the last several years that most encounters with the Iranian military at sea or in air are conducted professionally , but that some missions run by Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps forces have been too aggressive against U.S. forces in the area . The U.S. military 's concern has been that one of these incidents could escalate into a military encounter . This incident "  might have been buffoonery " the official said , but there is always a risk from such actions . The incident comes as the Navy patrols the Gulf of Aden to watch for Iranian ships the U.S. believes are trying to bring weapons to resupply the Houthi rebels in Yemen . The Navy would share such intelligence with Saudi Arabia , a second U.S. official told CNN .	Iranian plane came within 50 yards of U.S. Navy Sea Hawk copter Navy copter was on patrol in international airspace U.S. official think Iranian plane may have been under orders of local commander
The Penn State football program , which had incurred severe sanctions after the Jerry Sandusky child molestation scandal , received good news Monday when the NCAA ended the Nittany Lions ' postseason ban and scholarship limits . The NCAA said the reward was because of "  Penn State University 's significant progress toward ensuring its Athletics Department functions with integrity , " according to a statement from the executive committee of the collegiate sports ruling body . Former Sen. George Mitchell , the athletics integrity monitor for the university , made the recommendations in his most recent annual report on the program to the NCAA . "  Senator Mitchell 's report and recommendations , along with the actions taken by the NCAA today , are a recognition of the hard work of many over the past two years to make Penn State a stronger institution , " Penn State President Eric Barron said in a university statement . A $ 60 million fine and 13 years of vacated wins of renowned coach Joe Paterno will remain in place . Sandusky , 70 , a former defensive coordinator , was convicted in 2012 of sexually abusing 10 boys he met through his charity . He is serving a 30 - to 60-year prison term . But the sanctions against Penn State mostly revolved around an alleged cover-up by the university 's former president , vice president and athletic director . The NCAA said Monday the team would be eligible for a bowl game this season and next year can grant the full number of scholarships  85  .	Penn State received harsh sanctions from the NCAA after an alleged cover-up by officials The athletics programs has since been monitored by former Sen. George Mitchell A massive fine remains in place and 13 years of wins remain negated Penn State says it has worked hard to become stronger after Sandusky scandal
CNN  -- For the millions of us who sit at desks all day , Carissa Moore 's description of her workplace might sound a little cruel . "  The water is my office and yeah , I get to spend almost every day in the ocean , and that 's tremendous , " Moore told CNN 's Human to Hero series . A place that conjures up an image of air-conditioned confinement to most means nothing but fresh air and freedom to the Hawaiian surfer . "  I just love riding a wave . I love getting up early in the morning and driving down to the beach and paddling out and every time I go out , I 'm looking for that perfect wave , " she explains . "  When you 're out there and you find that one that you want to go for , it 's just like everything else in the world disappears . "  It 's just you and the ocean and just spontaneity and an expression of yourself . There 's not really any thinking involved , it 's just doing . " Admittedly , it may not be the most original statement ever uttered by a surfer , but Moore 's career so far has been anything but derivative . Carving up the field The 22-year-old has taken the surfing world by storm in recent years , winning the women 's world championship twice in the last four seasons . Her first world crown was not only a personal triumph but a significant landmark for the sport as she clinched the title at the age of 18 to become the youngest-ever female world champion . "  My first world title in 2011 was a dream come true . I mean , I dreamed of it my entire life and so for it to finally pay off was the best thing ever , " she says . "  I never really thought of myself being the youngest person . I still do n't . I really do n't look back and think , ` Oh ! that was such an accomplishment ! ' I think it was more just like , ` Yeah , I won a world title and that really meant something . ' In a way it was nothing more than surfing aficionados had expected given her incredible progression as a junior . Moore was born in Honolulu , on Hawaii 's third biggest island , Oahu -- home to some of the world 's most hallowed surf . "  Not only are the people so sweet , amazing and welcoming -- there 's so much "  aloha " -- but the waves are perfect for growing up as a surfer , " she says . Oahu 's 110 miles of coastline is dotted with spectacular surfing spots from the vertiginous waves of Waimea Bay on the north shore to Waikiki Beach . It was here , in the more benign waters in the south of the island , that Moore 's father introduced her to the sport . "  My dad actually was a very serious water man . He swam , he paddleboard raced , he did all sorts of things in the water , " she says . "  He was the first one who introduced me to surfing and pushed me into my first wave when I was about four or five years old at Waikiki Beach . It was n't too serious in the beginning -- it was just us enjoying the ocean together . " Making waves By the time she was 10 , Moore was an experienced competitor and already dreaming big . "  I remember telling my dad : ` Hey , you know , I think I want to be the best that I can be in this sport . I want to see how far I can go , ' " she recalls . In 2004 , aged 11 , Moore won the first of a record 11 national titles in events organized by the National Scholastic Surfing Association , the premier amateur circuit in the U.S. . It was form that she carried into the professional ranks in 2010 when she finished third in her first full season on the Association of Surfing Professionals  ASP  women 's world championship tour , earning her the Rookie of the Year award . A year later she made history , winning the women 's world tour before a second title followed in 2013 as she won half of the season 's eight events . Success is n't just down to what you do on the board , you also need to pick your waves with care . "  It definitely takes years of being in the water . Sometimes when you 're sitting out in the ocean , you may not see a wave coming in , you just feel it and you move in the right direction and seconds later , there 's the wave . "  A good wave is one that has a nice wall  that  will allow for multiple turns and has a nice steepness to it . It 's tricky to describe . " Moore 's surfing style has led to comparisons with her male counterparts and on occasions she has been granted entry to men 's events . In 2011 , she was the first woman to be offered a wild card entry to the men 's Triple Crown of Surfing in Hawaii .	Hawaiian-born surfer Carissa Moore is a double world champion Twenty-two-year-old became sports youngest female world champion in 2011 Women 's surfing beginning to attract similar profile to men 's world tour Moore 's fame has arguably helped boost women 's world tour prize money
CNN  Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father still is unable to talk or move two weeks after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure , federal officials say -- during a trip to the U.S. Virgin Islands , their lawyer said Saturday . Steve Esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. John , where they were renting a villa at the Sirenusa resort . The family was airlifted to hospitals in the United States . The boys , 16 and 14 , were in critical condition at a Philadelphia hospital on Saturday , the family 's lawyer , James Maron of Delaware , said . "  The boys are in rough shape , " Maron said . "  The family are all fighters , " he added . "  They 're fighting for everything right now . I understand it 's a long recovery . " Esmond , also being treated at a hospital , is conscious but can not move , Maron said . The teens ' mother , Theresa Devine , was treated at a hospital but released , and is now in occupational therapy , Maron said . The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Friday that the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in St. John may have caused the illnesses , which were reported to the EPA on March 20 . Paramedics were called to the villa , which the family began had been renting since March 14 . Esmond was found unconscious ; the boys and their mother were having seizures , Maron said . The lawyer did not say who called the paramedics . Elias Rodriguez , an EPA spokesman , said the agency 's preliminary test results "  do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying . " Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects , including central nervous system and respiratory system damage , according to the EPA . The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity . It 's not allowed to be used indoors . Only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings . "  It 's an ongoing investigation ; we 're still on the island doing our assessment , " Rodriguez said . "  We have been doing different types of air sampling and wipe sampling . " Final test results were expected next week . The EPA said it is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on March 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated . Maron , the family 's attorney , declined to comment on the investigation . Depending on the season , the luxury villa where the family stayed rents between $ 550 and $ 1,200 per night . Sea Glass Vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa , said the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests , but their unit was not treated . The company said it licensed an outside company , Terminix , for the pest control services . "  Sea Glass Vacations does not treat the units it manages for pests but instead relies on licensed professionals for pest control services , " the company said in a statement . The U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter , according to a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing made Monday by ServiceMaster Global Holdings , the parent company of Terminix . In an email to CNN , a spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is "  committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment " and is "  looking into this matter internally , and cooperating with authorities . " "  We 're thinking about the family , and we join the community in wishing them a speedy recovery , " Terminix wrote . The SEC filing described the injuries to the family members as "  serious . "	A Delaware family becomes ill at the Sirenusa resort in the U.S. Virgin Islands Preliminary EPA results find methyl bromide was present in the unit where they stayed The U.S. Justice Department begins a criminal investigation into the matter
CNN  -- Mariah Carey 's 1997 album "  Butterfly " holds a number of hits , including the smash singles "  Honey " and "  My All . " But it 's also the album on which Carey tucked an introspective and revealing song called "  Close My Eyes . " The powerhouse vocalist was honored by Broadcast Music , Inc. on September 7 for her songwriting , and she told CNN that the compositions she holds closest typically are n't the songs that became chart-toppers . Instead , her favorites are often lesser-known cuts from more obscure records . She cites "  Underneath The Stars " from the 1995 album "  Daydream " as well as "  Looking In " and "  I Am Free " from the same album as some of her favorites . Of big No. 1 hits such as "  Touch My Body " "  We Belong Together " and "  Hero , " Carey said : "  I still love those songs , " but added , "  I love the obscure songs because they 're very close to my heart . Especially a song called , ` Close My Eyes ' -- that 's like my life story . " The down-tempo , piano-backed track paints a picture of a woman with a past -- "  I was a wayward child , with the weight of the world that I held deep inside , " Carey sings . "  Life was a winding road , and I learned many things little ones should n't know . " But , like her new single "  Triumphant  Get 'Em  , " the chorus speaks of courage in the face of adversity : "  But I closed my eyes , steadied my feet on the ground , raised my head to the sky . And though times rolled by , still I feel like a child as I look at the moon . ... Maybe I grew up a little too soon . " While Carey did n't go into detail about the experiences that inspired that song , she did describe what led to the creation of "  Triumphant . " Carey said her husband , Nick Cannon , was going through some health problems around the same time her friend Whitney Houston died . "  There was just so much going on , " she said . "  It was such an awful time . ... I do n't even know how to express what was happening , but I had to express it through music in terms of going the opposite way , almost to encourage myself . " And by encouraging herself , she hoped to encourage others . "  I say , ` Stay triumphant . Keep on living . ' That is what I wanted people to hear -- I wanted people who did n't have the strength . ... That 's why I 'm glad that I put this record out , because that 's what it meant to me . And I was also singing what I would want to sing in an encouraging way to my kids . " Carey 's twins with Cannon , Monroe and Moroccan , celebrated their first birthday in April . There 's a good chance "  Triumphant " will have the impact Carey 's hoping for , as she 's heard from fans how her songs have changed their lives . "  This  BMI Icon  award is so amazing because ... this is really about songwriting and there have been many times that people have told me throughout my career that : ` This song has changed my life , ' ` This song helped me get through the death of a family member , ' " Carey said . "  And as the writer of that song ... there 's no greater feeling than that . " Mariah Carey , Nick Cannon renew vows in Paris	Superstar singer was honored over the weekend by BMI She said "  Close My Eyes " from her 1997 album was introspective Carey said new single "  Triumphant " inspired partly by husband 's health scare
LONDON , England  CNN  -- What recession ? Christie 's , the famed auction house , this week sold a nearly 36-carat diamond for $ 24.3 million , which it said was the highest price for a diamond sold at auction . The 35.56-carat diamond dates back to the 17th century . The previous record was a mere $ 16.5 million for a 100-carat diamond in 1995 , Christie 's said . "  In the midst of these challenging times , we were thrilled to achieve an historic price for an historic diamond , " said Francois Curiel , chairman of Christie 's Europe and auctioneer for Wednesday 's sale . The 35.56-carat Wittelsbach blue diamond , dating to the 17th century , was purchased by international jeweler Laurence Graff , the auction house said in a release . Graff was bidding against Aleks Paul of Essex Global Trading , a professional of Russian origin based in New York , Christie 's said . "  Known as ` Der Blaue Wittelsbacher ' since 1722 , it is one of very few diamonds which can claim 17th century heritage , incredible rarity and exceptional beauty . " The diamond , mined in India nearly 400 years ago , has been privately owned since 1964 . Until 1723 , Christie 's said , all diamonds worn by European royalty came from India . The diamond has a royal lineage . Christie 's traces it thus : King Philip IV of Spain  1605-1665  selected the diamond in 1664 as part of a dowry for his daughter , the Infanta Margarita Teresa  1651-1673  . She had become engaged to Leopold I of Austria  1640-1705  , who later became Holy Roman Emperor . When she died in 1673 , her husband retained the diamond , which was passed on to his heirs . In 1722 , the diamond entered the Wittelsbach family when the Archduchess Maria Amalia of Austria  1701-1756  married the Bavarian Crown Prince , Charles Albert  1697-1745  . It was worn by successive rulers until the abdication of King Ludwig III  1845-1921  in 1918 . The world 's largest deep blue diamond is the "  Hope Diamond , " a 45.52-carat stone housed at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington , DC . Diamonds apparently are recession-proof . Christie 's reported jewelry sales of $ 226 million for the first half of 2008 , calling it "  the best jewelry season ever seen at auction . " Sales for the first six months of this year marked a 32 percent increase over the same period in 2007 , Christie 's said . According to Christie 's , key diamonds the company sold in the first half of 2008 included a 13.39-carat fancy intense blue diamond that fetched $ 8.9 million in Geneva on May 14 and the pear-shaped potentially flawless 38-carat Onassis diamond , which sold for $ 7.1 million on June 11 in London .	Christie 's sells nearly 36-carat diamond for $ 24.3 million Amount said to be highest price for a diamond sold at auction Jewel was mined in India nearly 400 years ago
CNN  -- Part of Havana 's charm is that it plays by its own rules -- these tips will help you play along . Traveling by the brightly-colored Cocotaxi is a kitsch way to explore Havana . Hard currency Parting with your cash can be a tricky proposition in Havana . Confusingly , Cuba has two currencies , convertible pesos and Cuban pesos , with the U.S. dollar no longer commonly accepted . Tourists are perfectly entitled to use Cuban pesos , but you ca n't buy much with them and in practice , visitors will deal almost exclusively in convertible pesos . You can convert foreign currencies into convertibles at hotels and money-changing booths , but if you 're converting U.S. dollars you will be charged a 10 per cent commission . The sensible thing would be to get your money from an ATM , however , while Visa cards are accepted at some ATMs , other cards are practically useless in Havana . Credit cards are becoming more widely accepted in Havana , but using them will incur a hefty surcharge and American credit and debit cards ca n't be used at all in Cuba . That ban applies even to credit cards issued by American-owned companies and companies with apparently scant connection to the U.S. . The upshot is that you should check with your credit card company before traveling , or you may find you 're carrying a lot of worthless plastic . See Carlos Acosta 's Havana " Getting around The faded glories of Old Havana are best appreciated on foot , but to fully explore the city , and after nightfall in some of the sketchier areas , you 're better off taking a taxi . The cheapest are the state-owned yellow and black Ladas , although these are not meant to pick up tourists within 100 meters of a hotel . Haggle over the price before you set off . You can flag down metered tourist taxis along the Malecon and they also congregate outside the Hotel Nacional in Vedado . It 's technically illegal , but easy enough , to flag down pretty much any passing car and pay for a ride around the city , although there 's no guarantee of the car , or the driver , being roadworthy . If your heart 's set on ride in a 50s classic car a better bet is to take a Gran Car . These state-owned vintage cars are in good condition , although they 're pricey for Havana . Cocotaxis are kitschy , bright yellow , three-wheeled novelty taxis that look a bit like a crash helmet on wheels . They 're cheap and fun , if you like that kind of thing . Also with three wheels , the pedal-powered bici-taxis are usually cheaper , and often more comfortable , than their four-wheeled motorized cousins . If you 're lucky you 'll get one with a salsa-blasting stereo strapped onto the back . Do you have any Havana tips ? Let us know Havana 's crowded buses are a pickpocket 's paradise and are best avoided . A rum time Cubans do enjoy a splash of rum and their capital is home to one of the world 's most famous brands -- Havana Club . There 's no better way to cool down on a steamy Havana night than with a rum cocktail -- but which to choose ? Here are a few you should sample : Cuba Libre : A Havana classic made with cola , rum and lime . Canchanchara : The locals ' favorite -- white rum , lime juice and honey . El Presidente : This mixture of rum , red vermouth , Curacao and grenadine is named not after Fidel , but after President Mario Garcia Menocal . Daiquiri : The purist 's daiquiri is a combination of rum , lime juice , sugar and maraschino , but if you 're feeling impure you can have yours with added fruit . Mojito : Ernest Hemingway 's tipple of choice was this mix of white rum , lime juice , sugar or sugar cane juice , soda water and fresh mint . Havana Special : A refreshing blend of white rum , maraschino and pineapple juice . Saoco : Not unlike a turbo-charged milkshake , the saoco is a double whammy of white rum and coconut milk . If all those cocktails have n't quenched your thirst for knowledge , you can carry out more rum research at the Museo del Ron , 262 Avenida del Puerto , on the corner of San Pedro and Sol . Red tape Unless you 're from the U.S. , all you need to visit Havana is a tourist card and a plane ticket , and the two are best acquired at the same time . The card will let you stay in the country for 30 days and if you do n't get one when you book your trip you can pick one up from your local Cuban consulate -- although that can be a time-consuming process . If you 're a U.S. citizen planning to visit Havana , good luck ! Before leaving you 'll need to get a license from the U.S. government , and regular tourists are n't eligible . Of course , there are U.S. citizens who travel to Cuba on a tourist card bought in Canada or Mexico , but it 's a ruse that can result in a hefty fine and even a jail term . For the latest information see the U.S. Department of State Website .	Cuba has two currencies , but tourists will mainly stick with convertible pesos Rum cocktails are a classic Cuban drink , and there are plenty to choose from See Havana in style in a Gran Car -- state-owned vintage American cars
Blacksburg , Va.  CNN  -- When it comes to recruiting , Virginia Tech 's athletics department is taking an "  if we build it , they will come " approach , with plans to construct a new $ 20 million indoor practice facility for its football and other sports teams near Lane Stadium on the university campus . The Hokies have the third-longest college bowl game streak in the country , and have sold out every game since 1998 . However , they have yet to win a national championship . The athletics department hopes a state-of-the-art facility nearer to the football stadium could help change that . There 's only one problem : A densely wooded area chock full of old-growth trees , some older than the United States itself , is in the way . Blueprint plans that have been in the works for over a decade would require chopping down at least 60 trees over the age of 150 . Six of the trees have been found to be more than 300 years old . A group called Friends of Stadium Woods and Virginia Tech professor John Seiler are determined not to let those trees come down . Seiler , a professor of forest biology and a tree physiology specialist , has dedicated his entire career to the university and often takes his students into these 11 acres of woods to teach . So when he was told by university administration officials that they believed no tree in the woods was more than 80 years old and the new facility site was a "  done deal , " Seiler decided to do something about it . In January , he bought a large increment borer -- a tool used to extract a section of wood from a living tree used to determine its age -- and took a walk into the familiar woods . After testing a few trees , he discovered something amazing . "  This was like catching a big fish for me , " he said , pointing to a small slice of wood in his office . "  That wood was formed from carbon dioxide in the air , turned into wood by photosynthesis , in 1697 . " Seiler believes the forest is a national treasure and should be saved . "  The forest is in fact an endangered species in the United States . It 's literally the rarest type of forest structure left in the United States . " Armed with the tree-testing evidence , Seiler hoped the discussion would end right then and there , that the athletics department would consider building at another location . Instead , they pushed back , insisting on moving forward on the original plans . Virginia Tech President Dr. Charles W. Steger in January appointed an ad hoc committee to hear the arguments and make a recommendation on whether the facility should be built as planned or at at alternate location . Steger took his own walk through the woods but confessed he could n't tell the significance or the age of the trees . "  I 'm not qualified to judge . ... I ca n't tell the age of a tree . I forget my own birthday on occasion , " the president joked . "  So , we 'll see what the report has to say and at the end of the day we 'll do the right thing . " The committee has been holding closed-door sessions for months now . John Randolph , a professor of urban affairs and planning , chairs the committee and acknowledges the school faces a "  conflict of value . " "  We 're a big-time football school and a lot of people care about that , " Randolph said . "  We are also a green university . We 're  among  Princeton Review 's ` Top 16 Green Universities ' and we 're a Tree Campus USA designee . " The committee surveyed faculty members and staff on campus and found most were in favor of saving the trees . The sentiment for preserving the woods is "  pretty clear and pretty overwhelming , " Randolph said . "  Very few have indicated that athletics should probably decide where this should go . " Still , committee members have continued to meet to balance that perceived majority opinion with the importance of the new facility . "  Success begets success . Fundraising , new facilities and trying to be competitive in a very competitive football environment -- an indoor practice facility is kind of a key part of that element , " Randolph said . "  A lot of the big schools are adding them . " According to George Schroeder , college football contributor for Sports Illustrated , close-by practice facilities are essential to college athletics programs ' recruiting . "  A lot of other programs have smaller , convenient , localized facilities . If you can stick it closer it helps recruiting , " Schroeder said . "  But the buzzword is efficiency . It 's the idea of let 's have everything in a central location and try to squeeze the most into their day . " Seiler said he and other advocates for the forest "  are not against this facility at all . We 're simply saying you need to put it in the alternate location , which does n't have to cut a single tree . " He was referring to a suggested spot , right next to the woods , that is currently occupied by tennis courts , but not all students like that idea . "  You use the tennis courts a lot more than I see people using the trees and hanging around the trees , " recent Tech graduate Alex Foldenauer said . A less preferable alternative would be the area where a large parking lot is currently situated , but the campus has a critical need for parking and the space is already set aside for a future parking garage , said Randolph , the committee chairman . Randolph said the opposing sides might "  have to give a little on the edges , but if their core values can be represented , that 's the idea . " With signs urging "  Save Stadium Woods " placed in yards throughout Blacksburg , and an online petition signed by more than 9,000 people across the country , Seiler and members of Friends of Stadium Woods hope public sentiment will sway the committee . But they are also preparing for the chance that the committee recommends building at the stadium woods location and are willing to go to extreme lengths if they have to . "  There will be things that we can do if they decide to site it in the woods , " Rebekah Paulson , executive director of Friends of Stadium Woods says . "  Like chaining people to trees and putting people up in the trees . " Seiler noted that the committee recommendation is not binding . "  The administration can make a different decision and the board of visitors will have the final say , " he said . The committee plans to deliver their final report to university Vice President Sherwood Wilson by Friday . Wilson will then prepare his recommendations to Steger , and the university 's Board of Visitors will be briefed by Randolph on Monday .	Virginia Tech wants to build a new , $ 20 million indoor sports facility Many old-growth trees near Lane Stadium would have to come down A professor is leading efforts to block construction at the planned site Two suggested alternate locations are n't popular choices , either
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A pair of tornadoes struck suburban Washington on Sunday , mangling trees and stripping siding off several homes , the National Weather Service confirmed . No injuries were immediately reported . The first tornado hit St. Charles , Maryland -- about 30 miles south of Washington -- just after 2 p.m. . It uprooted several trees , many of which fell onto cars and homes . The strongest wind from that touchdown was 80 mph -- enough force to blow out windows . A second tornado followed about 30 minutes later outside Hyattsville , Maryland -- about 10 miles northeast of the capital . The high-speed winds , peaking at 100 mph , hit the George E. Peters Adventist School especially hard , tearing off a portion of the roof and flinging it and mounds of debris into the parking lot . A nearby construction trailer was also knocked over . E-mail to a friend	First tornado hit St. Charles , Maryland , about 30 miles south of Washington Second tornado struck 30 minutes later outside Hyattsville , Maryland No injuries were immediately reported
Choosing the right Valentine 's Day gift can be tricky . Is your paramour into the the textbook red roses and box of chocolates , or would they prefer a romantic home-cooked meal ? When in doubt , ask the Internet . Google has combed through recent search trends to get an idea of what people are thinking this Valentine 's Day .  It 's on Thursday , folks , in case it slipped your mind . Better get busy . According to Google , in the past 30 days , more people were looking for gift ideas for the special men in their life than for wives or girlfriends . Wooing with gifts appears to be a bigger priority for couples in the early stages of a relationship . There were 59 % more searches for "  gifts for girlfriend " than "  gifts for wife " and 292 % more searches for "  gifts for boyfriend " than for "  gifts for husband . " Then again , maybe men are just trickier to shop for on Valentine 's Day , and after a few years of marriage , people know their significant other 's preferences cold and do n't need the assistance of a search engine . When it comes to gifts , flowers and food are still the dominant choices , though there are some signs of creativity in recent search terms . The most popular flower searches after roses were orchids , lilies , tulips and carnations . In the sweets category , plain old chocolate is the most popular , but milk chocolate was 37 % more popular than dark chocolate in the past month . During that same period , the number of searches for "  heart shaped cake " surged 4,900 % and "  healthy chocolate " 110 % . How technology has changed romance Popular foodie trends have infiltrated searches in the past year , with a 7 % increase in searches for "  chocolate bacon cookies " and a 5 % boost for the term "  gluten free chocolate . " The unlikely search term "  Valentine beer " had a 40 % jump since last year . Going back to elementary school , Valentine 's Day has been about the cards : First carefully crafted with safety scissors , construction paper and glue , and later bought pre-made from a store . But physical cards require thinking ahead , or at least swinging by a Walgreens on the way to a date . Enter the e-card . One-third of American adults plan on sending an e-card this Valentine 's Day , according to a recent study by the mobile testing company SOASTA . Digital cards are most popular with men between 35 and 44 , and spouses were the most common recipients . People were far less likely to send an e-card to their boyfriends or girlfriends , perhaps because they were too busy buying them chocolate bacon cookies and roses . Most of the romantics sending e-cards did n't plan on spending all that time filling out e-mail addresses and typing a message without expecting something in return . Thirty-five percent of people sending an e-card to a current or potential love interest expected a thank you , 19 % were hoping to get an e-card right back , and 10 % were expecting sex , according to the SOASTA study . However people are demonstrating their feelings , it 's looking like a good year for love , according to Google 's stats . Queries for tips on how to propose spiked 66 % in the past month , especially in California , New York and Texas . Since last year , searches for "  how to break up " are down 15 % , "  breakup advice " dropped 33 % , and searches for "  divorce " are down a heart-warming 41 % . Finally , not all gifts this Valentine 's Day are for people . Google found that "  gifts for dogs " was a popular search in the past month . Unfortunately for felines , it was 240 % more popular than "  gifts for cats . "	Recent Google data show more people are searching for gift ideas for men than women Chocolate and roses are still the most popular gift searches A third of American adults plan on sending an e-card on Valentine 's Day Google saw 292 % more recent searches for "  gifts for boyfriend " than for husbands
CNN  -- World champion Lewis Hamilton has been disqualified from last weekend 's Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne after presenting "  misleading " evidence to stewards . Hamilton has been disqualified from the Australian GP after presenting "  misleading " evidence to stewards . The McLaren driver and Toyota 's Jarno Trulli were called to an FIA hearing in Malaysia -- the site of this weekend 's grand prix -- on Thursday to discuss an incident during Sunday 's race . Trulli finished third at Melbourne 's Albert Park , only to later be handed a 25-second penalty by race stewards which relegated him to 12th position and saw Hamilton lifted into third . However , following Thursday 's hearing , Trulli has been reinstated in third position . McLaren had complained that veteran Italian Trulli had illegally passed Hamilton under yellow flags following an accident late on involving Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel and Robert Kubica in his BMW Sauber -- who were running second and third at the time . Trulli had decided not to appeal the original decision but the FIA , the sport 's governing body , said it had received new information and pressed ahead with a second hearing . "  The stewards , having considered the new elements presented to them from the 2009 Australian Grand Prix , consider that Lewis Hamilton , and the Vodafone McLaren Mercedes team , acted in a manner prejudicial to the conduct of the event by providing evidence deliberately misleading to the stewards at the hearing on Sunday 29th March 2009 , " the FIA said in a statement . It said Hamilton and McLaren had violated its rules and retrospectively disqualified him from the race . Meanwhile , Trulli believes justice has been served after Thursday 's decision . "  I am happy because I wanted some justice and I got it , " he told PA Sport . "  I am happy for myself and the team and I have to thank the FIA because it does not happen very often they reconsider something . "  It must have been really hard for them , but they had common sense to really try and understand what was going on . I have always been honest and it has paid off . "	World champion Lewis Hamilton has been disqualified from the Australian GP Stewards say Hamilton and McLaren team presented "  misleading " evidence Hamilton was involved in incident with Toyota driver Jarno Trulli in Melbourne
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- As a young man , Barack Obama idolized the leaders of the Civil Rights Movement . A young Barack Obama , left , joins fellow Chicago community activists for this snapshot in the mid-1980s . "  Reading about people not that much older than me who had gone to jail and suffered beatings in order to liberate a people , " he said , "  I thought there 's something powerful about that . " Fellow Harvard University student Kenneth Mack remembered walking around the Harvard Law campus with his friend , who was constantly quoting the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . " ` The arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward justice , ' " Mack remembered Obama saying . "  For other people to say things like that , people would n't take it seriously , but with Barack , people really did take him seriously . They thought of him as someone who really sincerely believed it . " But Obama was about 20 years too late to join King 's movement . So , he decided to do the next best thing . In 1985 , a few years before he went to Harvard , Obama took a job as a community organizer . Test your knowledge about Obama " He worked with Jerry Kellman 's Developing Communities Project . As a leader , he stayed in the background , but he taught residents of Chicago 's poor South Side how to effectively lobby their government to get badly needed services . "  Remember , at the time in Chicago , the wards were really politically motivated , " said the Rev. Alvin Love , pastor at Lilydale First Baptist Church . "  If you were n't onboard with the political process and people in leadership , then your garbage did n't get picked up on time and your street did n't get fixed . " Obama helped bring pastors like Love and other community activists together to work on their neighborhood 's problems . En masse , they showed up at city meetings , and in a professional but firm manner made their concerns heard . "  Politicians understand that the number of community residents that come out for a community meeting probably represent 10 times the number of votes , " Love said . "  So they pay attention . " See Obama timeline " At first , the group achieved simple things . It got the city to clean up Palmer Park , a park filled with garbage and overrun with drug dealers . It got the city to start an after-school program . It even got the area its first badly needed job center . See photos of Obama campaigning " "  It might have been small victories to the outside world , but to us , it was big . It meant those kids could get the jobs ; they could buy things to start back to school , " said Yvonne Lloyd , one of the residents Obama trained to lead lobbying efforts . The small success gave residents something that would last a lot longer than a clean park or a job center . Residents said Obama gave them hope . "  We saw what could happen . We saw what can be done if the community has the resources and somebody to come in and train them . I 'll always be grateful for that , " Lloyd said . The biggest challenge Obama 's group faced was the one that eventually ended Obama 's career as a community organizer . Linda Randle , a fellow activist , brought a dramatic injustice to Obama 's attention . At her job at the Ida B. Wells housing project , she noticed workers removing asbestos from the Public Housing Authority 's offices in that building . When she asked management when they planned to remove the dangerous substance from residents ' apartments , she said they told her they had no such plans . She was livid . "  I 'm a lot more of a hothead than Barack is , " she said . "  Barack is more for compromise , you know . He 'll wait and see . " Obama joined the growing effort to lobby the city to remove the asbestos from public housing . Randle said he counseled calm and added that was good for her , because he encouraged her to take the high road in negotiations . "  So I would say to myself , OK , I 'm not really great at the high road , because the road is already crumbling , OK ? So , I do n't know if I can make the road higher . " Eventually , the Housing Authority gave in to the residents ' pressure . The management promised to remove asbestos from all parts of the buildings , not just its offices . The effort took years , and the slow pace of this change frustrated Obama . He told friends at the time he felt he 'd be more effective on the other side of the negotiating table . Soon , he left Chicago for Harvard . But before he left , he told residents he would come back and help . Twenty years later , a few of those same residents he trained to speak truth to power appeared in his Senate offices . They were recently in Washington to lobby him for federal funds to extend the elevated train to their neighborhood . "  This is the only area of Chicago where real transportation does not run to the city limits , " Love said . "  We have a whole community that 's isolated with no way to get to jobs . " After lobbying their old friend , Love and his fellow residents got some of the money they requested . "  With Sen. Obama 's help , we wound up getting President Bush to sign the transportation bill allocating $ 580 million for the extension of the Red Line train , " he said . But the group is still waiting for Illinois to come up with its share of the funds . If that does n't work , Love said , he hopes he will be able to take the issue even higher . "  We may someday soon have a president in the White House who will listen to people like us , " Love said . "  Then maybe , finally , we 'll have someone who will respond to our needs . "	Presidential candidate worked as community organizer in Chicago in 1985 College friend : "  with Barack , people really did take him seriously " Victories included ridding park of drugs , creating job center , school program
Washington  CNN  -- Three more Secret Service employees have "  chosen to resign " in the wake of a prostitution scandal that emerged last week , the agency said in a news release Friday . Six Secret Service members now have left their jobs in the wake of the incident in Cartagena , Colombia , which came while they were on a security detail in advance of President Barack Obama 's trip there for the Summit of the Americas . The agency also announced Friday that a 12th Secret Service "  employee has been implicated , " having previously said 11 were under investigation . One employee "  has been cleared of serious misconduct , but will face administrative action , " the Secret Service said . Five employees are on administrative leave and have had their security clearances temporarily revoked . In addition , the U.S. military is investigating 11 of its own troops for possible heavy drinking and consorting with prostitutes . A source close to the investigation said Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan -- who briefed Obama on the investigation Friday , according to White House officials -- has ordered a "  comprehensive " investigation of everything that happened during the trip . That includes interviews with every Secret Service member on site , hotel staff and alleged prostitutes , the source said . In addition , the source confirmed that Secret Service agents were staying at a second hotel on the trip -- identified as a Hilton in Cartagena -- which presumably will be included in the expanded probe . The controversy has embarrassed the nearly 150-year-old agency that protects the president and other top officials and investigates criminal activity . It also raised questions about a possible security breach immediately preceding Obama 's visit , though House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Rep. Peter King has said that "  from everything we know , nothing was compromised . " Secret Service pushing out three members amid Colombia scandal Two of the Secret Service employees whose departures were previously announced -- identified as David Chaney and Greg Stokes , a source familiar with the investigation told CNN national security contributor Fran Townsend -- were supervisors . In a photo posted on his public Facebook page in January 2009 , Chaney is seen standing behind Sarah Palin , wearing dark glasses and what appears be a wedding ring . Under the photo , Chaney posted a comment that said , "  I was really checking her out , if you know what I mean ? " That remark drew a strong response Thursday night from Palin , who was a vice presidential candidate when the photo was taken . "  This agent who was kind of ridiculous there in posting pictures and comments about checking someone out , " Palin said on Fox News . "  Check this out , bodyguard . You 're fired ! And I hope his wife sends him to the doghouse . " Chaney , a son of a Secret Service agent , has been employed with the agency since 1987 , according to his posting on Reunion.com . The posting notes that he is married , has an adopted son and his assignments included a stint protecting former Vice President Dick Cheney . Questions raised about macho culture , women agents Stokes supervised the canine training unit at the Secret Service 's James J. Rowley Training Center outside Washington , according to PetLife Radio and a career development posting on the University of Maryland 's website . Attorney Lawrence Berger -- general counsel for the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , which represents Secret Service agents and others -- said he is not representing all of the agents involved in the Colombia story , but he does have several other clients in the group in addition to Chaney and Stokes . He would not comment on specifics of the investigation , but complained about leaks that publicly identified Chaney and Stokes and gave details of what allegedly happened in Colombia . "  The concern I have is about illegal leaks coming from apparently rogue elements within the Secret Service of privacy-protected information , " Berger said . "  It is distorting the review of what happened . " All the employees are accused of bringing prostitutes to Cartagena 's Hotel El Caribe ahead of last week 's visit by Obama . They 'd arrived earlier that morning as a part of the "  jump team " that flies in on military transport planes with vehicles in the president 's motorcade , said Townsend . According to sources , the alleged prostitutes -- the youngest of whom were in their early 20s -- signed in at the hotel , where Secret Service members apparently stayed , flashing their local ID cards . One of these women allegedly was later involved in a dispute about how much she was to be paid for the night , which brought the entire incident to light and sparked controversy in the United States and Colombia . Former Colombian President Alvaro Uribe told CNN on Thursday that the incident was due entirely to "  a lack of ethics  on the part of  the Secret Service of the United States . " Members of the U.S. Congress offered similarly biting remarks . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi called the allegations "  disgusting , " while Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid described the agents ' alleged actions as "  either really stupid or a total lack of common sense . " The U.S. military is investigating six members of its elite Army Special Forces , or Green Berets , officials said . The Green Berets ' failure to make curfew the night of the incident involving the Secret Service agents led the military to start its investigation , a U.S. official told CNN . All the military personnel are being investigated for heavy drinking and use of prostitutes while in Colombia as part of the support team for Obama 's visit , the official said . They are not likely to redeploy until the matter is resolved , other military officials said . The military investigation could end with no action , administrative action such as a letter of reprimand or a recommendation to proceed with criminal charges , officials said . While soliciting prostitution is in most cases legal for adults in Colombia , military law bars service members from patronizing prostitutes , engaging in conduct unbecoming an officer or , for enlisted personnel , conduct "  prejudicial to good order and discipline . " It is also considered a breach of the Secret Service 's conduct code , government sources said . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Briana Keilar , Brian Todd , Bob Kovach , John King , Barbara Starr , Deirdre Walsh , Rafael Romo , Jessica Yellin and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Three more Secret Service employees have "  chosen to resign , " the agency says A 12th Secret Service employee is "  implicated , " the agency says The Secret Service chief briefs Obama about the probe , officials say 11 U.S. military service members are also being probed in the prostitution scandal
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her South Korean and Japanese counterparts jointly condemned North Korea on Monday for recent attacks and nuclear arms proliferation that the three diplomats said threaten stability and peace in the Korean peninsula and , more broadly , the Far East . The trio pledged support for South Korea in the latest escalation of its long-running conflict with North Korea , and urged China to take on a larger role in constraining Pyongyang . "  We all agree that North Korea 's provocative and belligerent behavior jeopardizes peace and stability " in the region , Clinton said after a meeting at the State Department in Washington with South Korean Foreign Minister Kim Sung-hwan and Japanese Foreign Minister Seiji Maehara . Any effort to resume multinational talks with Pyongyang "  must start with North Korea ceasing all provocative and belligerent behavior , " Clinton said at a joint news conference by the three . "  We want the people of South Korea to know we are standing shoulder-to-shoulder with you and that we are deeply committed to your defense , " Clinton said . Kim said the United States , Japan , and South Korea all "  share the view that North Korea will face severe consequences " if it launches further attacks on his country . Monday 's meeting came as Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , prepared to depart Washington for South Korea , Pentagon officials said . The hastily planned visit is aimed at reassuring the South Korean military of U.S. support , according to the officials . "  The principal message is to the South Koreans that we continue to stand by them in the defense of their territory , for stability on the peninsula , " said Capt. John Kirby , a spokesman for Mullen . "  Nobody should mistake our resolve , " Kirby said , adding that the situation on the peninsula is tense but "  relatively stable " at the moment . Next week , Deputy Secretary James Steinberg will lead a delegation to Asia to follow up on Mullen 's visit , two senior administration officials told CNN on Monday . The delegation will include Kurt Campbell , assistant secretary for Asia , and Jeff Bader , the White House 's top Asia adviser , the two senior administration officials said . At the joint news conference , Maehara said Japan would send an envoy to China to discuss the situation . China is North Korea 's main ally , and Clinton said Monday that the three diplomats agreed in their talks that China should be doing more to get North Korea to change its behaviour and meet its international responsibilities . Meanwhile , the International Criminal Court said Monday it had opened a preliminary investigation into North Korean shelling of South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island last month , as well as the March sinking of a South Korean warship -- allegedly by a North Korean torpedo -- to evaluate if the incidents constitute war crimes . A preliminary investigation will determine whether criteria for an investigation is met , the court said in a news release . Four people died in the Yeonpyeong incident ; 46 South Korean soldiers died in the Cheonan sinking . North Korea , meanwhile , continued its strong rhetoric Sunday , blaming its southern rival for stoking tensions in the region . North and South Korea are technically still at war , 57 years after the Korean War truce . Through the state-run Korean Central News Agency , Pyongyang said the "  South Korean puppet group ... is getting more frantic in military provocations . " The report warned that Seoul was "  rapidly driving the situation on the Korean peninsula to an uncontrollable extreme phase . " These latest comments come as South Korea , the United States and Japan have stepped up their public cooperation , further isolating the communist state . On Saturday , President Barack Obama announced what he called a "  landmark " trade agreement with South Korea that he said would bolster U.S. exports by $ 11 billion , support 70,000 American jobs and eliminate tariffs on more than 95 % of industrial and consumer goods . Meanwhile , the United States and Japan are holding the largest ever bilateral military exercises between the two countries , according to the U.S. military . The exercises , dubbed "  Keen Sword " and running through December 10 , include elements throughout mainland Japan , Okinawa and the surrounding waters . Monday 's meeting among top diplomats of the United States , South Korea and Japan aims to bring together three "  cornerstones of the region , " according to a senior State Department official speaking on background because of the issue 's diplomatic sensitivity . Representatives from Russia and China -- part of the six-party talks which have focused on North Korea 's nuclear program -- were not invited to participate . But the official stressed that China , especially , should not view its exclusion as a "  snub . " U.S. officials have been pressuring Beijing to do more to exert its influence on North Korea and urge Pyongyang to cease its aggressive behavior . Obama called Chinese President Hu Jintao on Sunday -- Monday in China -- and told him that North Korea needs to "  halt its provocative behavior , " according to the White House . The state-run Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that Hu called for a "  calm and rational response from all sides to prevent the deterioration of the fragile security situation " on the Korean peninsula . North Korean officials have been pushing for the resumption of six-party talks including China and Russia . But the United States has thus far refused , looking first for proof that North Korea is serious about not stoking military tensions and stifling development of its nuclear program . The conflict in the Koreas has intensified since November 23 , when North Korean forces launched an artillery barrage Yeonpyeong Island . Pyongyang accused the South of provoking the attack , which also injured 18 people , because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . The following week , members of the U.S. military joined their South Korean counterparts in a military drill that , while long ago scheduled , was meant as a show of military force . Meanwhile , the South Korean navy on Monday began live-fire exercises on seas surrounding the Korean peninsula . The exercises are taking place off all three coasts of the peninsula , officials at South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff told Yonhap . They are scheduled to last through Friday and are a routine monthly exercise aimed at securing the safety of ships in the area , the officials said . The Korean Central News Agency lambasted the exercises in a Sunday article , claiming Seoul is trying to orchestrate another clash around the border island "  at any cost " and "  ignite a war . " Kim Kwan-jin , South Korea 's new defense minister , said Friday his country will respond with airstrikes if North Korea attacks it again , in some of the strongest rhetoric since the Yeonpyeong incident . CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Elise Labott , Tom Cohen and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Another U.S. delegation will go to Asia , sources say NEW : Japan sending an envoy to China to discuss the Korean crisis Top U.S. , Japanese and S. Korean diplomats condemn recent N. Korean actions U.S. Joint Chiefs chairman to head to South Korea to demonstrate support
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- From TVs to handsets , LG Electronics is on a mission -- to become a top three player in the global electronics industry . Yong Nam , CEO of LG Electronics Leading the campaign is CEO Yong Nam who took on the top job in January . CNN 's Andrew Stevens met him at the LG headquarters in Seoul , where he showed off the latest Viewty camera phone . While Nam hopes this gadget will boost market share , he 's also on a bigger quest to shake up the South Korean company 's corporate culture . Yong Nam : I try to empower , rather than make decisions . I think frontline people that know customers better can make better decisions . I just try to keep pushing authority downwards instead of upwards . Andrew Stevens : You have been 30 years , more or less , with LG Electronics , what are the most important business lessons you have learnt during that time ? Yong Nam : Earlier in my career I was deeply engaged in selling of electronic products in the U.S. market , where I was able to put myself in customers ' shoes rather than manufactures ' shoes . And that was a great experience for me to understand the frontline and customers . And secondly I spent more than 10 years in the chairman 's office , so that gave me a great opportunity to learn top management perspective , as well as problem solving capabilities . Andrew Stevens : You 've pledged to make LG Electronics a more inspirational place to work . Now with 82,000 employees what do you mean by that and how do you do it ? Yong Nam : In a very hierarchical , bureaucratic and big company culture and working environment , people try to hide issues and problems instead of raising and solving them . I try to get people engaged -- I call it waste elimination activities . If it is solved it can turn into a treasure , so there are so many treasures in the process of doing every day work among our people , and I try to encourage them to be engaged in finding out that waste . Andrew Stevens : Obviously you are a fluent English speaker , how important is it for a business leader to have a second language , to have those language skills ? Yong Nam : Just Korean talent itself is not sufficient enough , so I have to attract a best in class global talent into our organization , so that they can feel comfortable working in this environment . This means that English has to be a common language in our company going forward . So me speaking English is very , very important to encourage people to speak out with bad English instead of good Korean . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's Andrew Stevens talks to CEO of LG Electronics , Yong Nam He became CEO in January , 2007 , has been with the company since 1976 Nam believes speaking English is very important in the company
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The phrase "  normal is an allusion " is written upside down on the front door . Colorful Harajuku Tutu skirts , a Japanese fashion staple , and salvaged denim fills the funky space inside the store called Fearless Weirdos . Mickey and Minnie Mouse cardigans hang from recycled hangers and umbrellas in the shapes of butterflies , kittens and pups . A loose-fitting minidress , designed like an apron that ties around the waist , is a Fearless Weirdos original . Owner Alva Glass says she chooses pieces that have great function and are diverse and interchangeable . She then complements them with edgy pieces . She describes her customers , who are usually in the 18-to - 35 age range , as "  youthful creatives " who are looking for something different . "  I think that 's what drives people to come to the store . They see the outside -- the Japanese writing on the doors , the big , white eyeglass frames that represent having a clear vision of who you are , and the quotes that represent individuality like ` Why not ? ' and ` Because I am , ' " Glass says . "  They want to know what 's inside , and when they do come in , they come back because they know we carry only a limited selection of original pieces . " The shop carries mostly new pieces that Alva gets from wholesale retailers in Japan and showrooms throughout the U.S. . The store also has a small section of vintage blazers and accessories , along with a mixture of fabrics with solids and vibrant prints , organic pieces and simple tanks . Japanese street fashion has slowly gained popularity in the U.S. with the slimmer fit of clothing , fabrics with artistic sketches and the layering of pieces . Danika Goings walked into Fearless Weirdos with a smile as she headed towards the women 's collection . When asked what her favorite piece in the store was , she pointed to a two-toned , slim-fitting , cotton frock . "  I think I 've fallen in love with this dress ! " she said . The outfit in the window is what caught her eye . "  It 's very original . You do n't see that everywhere , " she said . The friendly people are what brought her back . Friendly is an understatement . Jessica Dascomb is tiny with short , black , stringy hair , and big , square , leopard-print eyeglasses . She sports a fedora hat , faded T-shirt and black skinny jeans . She displays an energy that 's bigger than her , despite the heat makes the small shop feel like a sauna . She exudes excitement about every piece in the store . "  There was a guy that came in today that bought a pink , short-sleeve button up , and I love that shirt so much ! I was sad to see it leave , but happy that he liked it and appreciated it . I really get attached to some things , " Dascomb said . She 's a full-time employee and keeps shop while Glass is away . A mini-refrigerator stocks Japanese sodas and Japanese papers and magazines coat the countertops . "  We do have Japanese customers , and when they come , they really appreciate the store and they always buy , " Glass says . One Japanese woman who purchased a bag was so delighted she asked to take a photograph with Glass . Other customers to come through include Atlanta 's own breakthrough artist B.o.B , who purchased a Varsity 's letterman jacket , and Stic.man of hip-hop duo Dead Prez . Glass first traveled to Japan as a stylist with a group of musicians . She visited Tokyo and Osaka -- cities where Japanese street fashion has a strong presence . Glass says she was captivated by the city 's energy and vibe . "  The people , the fashion , the street life , buildings and subways . The creative details they put into everything and the way they all flow together was so innovative , " Glass says . For a girl , a typical Japanese outfit would consist of a fedora hat , layers , a handkerchief tank with a cardigan over it , plenty of accessories , distressed shorts and tights , flats or kitten heels , along with a big , colorful bag that is accessorized as much as she is , Glass says . It is a style that pairs pieces together that are not made to match . Glass ' mom gave her freedom as a child to wear what she liked and express herself creatively . "  My thing was nonmatching . I would take something off another garment to add detail , and if it came one way , I would make it into something else . I 'd add on bows , beads or any little applique , " she says . Glass started working in retail at 15 . She studied for a degree in Fashion Design and Marketing at American University Intercontinental , spending the first half of her time in Atlanta , and the second half in London . She worked as a production assistant at Citron Clothing , a Los Angeles-based fashion retailer with locations across the United States and abroad , including South Africa . Glass also worked in design and merchandising at BCBG Max Azria .	Japanese street fashion can be found in a boutique in Atlanta , Georgia What can you buy ? Minnie Mouse cardigans mix with colorful tutus and salvaged denim Owner Alva Glass likes to pair pieces together that are not made to match Glass wants to appeal to "  youthful creatives " who are looking for something different
SELMA , Alabama -- For almost 60 years , Grace Britton Sweet has had the right to vote . She can vividly recall the day she registered . Grace Britton Sweet , center , was one of a few black Americans who had the right to vote as early as 1953 . As an African-American woman living in the South , she was one of a few black Americans who had the right to cast a ballot as early as 1953 . In states like Alabama , literacy tests were given as a way to bar African-Americans from voting . If a black person was unable to answer questions such as , "  If a person charged with treason denies his guilt , how many persons must testify against him before he can be convicted ? " they would be denied the right to vote . Whites were often asked far easier questions , if any at all . When Sweet went to the registrar 's office and wrote "  Mrs. " before her name , the person registering her scratched it out . Sweet wrote it again , and again it was scratched out . The person accompanying Sweet optimistically told her to "  leave it alone , that 's coming . Let 's get you registered to vote . " In the mid-1960s , all of that changed . "  We gave the nation the Voting Rights Act here in Selma , " says Sam Walker , the curator of the National Voters Rights Museum . "  We like to say that the people were the lowest they could go and they knew that they did n't want to be treated that way anymore , " says Walker . "  So , they wanted to do something to change the condition that they were under , and so they set out to change those conditions by obtaining the right to vote . " In 1965 , civil rights leaders organized three voting rights marches in Selma . The first , on March 7 , 1965 , was from Selma to Montgomery , Alabama . Bob Mants was one of the organizers . He remembers how they decided who would lead the march for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference . What would MLK say ? " "  They flipped coins to decide who would lead for SCLC , and Hosea -LSB- Williams -RSB- lost . So he was to lead the march , " recalls Mants . Williams and Georgia Rep. John Lewis , who was then chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee , led hundreds of civil rights marchers over the Edmund Pettus Bridge . As the marchers crossed over the bridge , which spans the Alabama River , state and local police waited on the other side in riot gear . The marchers were tear-gassed and pummeled with billy clubs . Network news cameras captured the violence that outraged much of the nation . "  People got up from their homes from all over America and just flooded into Selma . Just in a couple of days , thousands of people got up and some came regardless of race , religion , all types of backgrounds , " remembers Walker . " -LSB- They -RSB- came to Selma saying this is America and people in America should never be treated like this . " Bloody Sunday , as it came to be known , led to swift passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 , which prohibited any state from denying any United States citizen the right to vote based on race . "  Because of the media coverage of -LSB- Bloody Sunday -RSB- , it infuriated people , " Mants says . "  There were people in this country that did not know there were black people in the South who were disenfranchised . " Bloody Sunday was more than just a singular event , and Walker and Mants say President-elect Barack Obama has benefited from the sacrifices made by the civil rights marchers they call "  foot soldiers . " "  We 'd be foolish and naive to think that the election of Barack Obama as president of the United States is an end , " cautions Mants . "  There are still some other basic and fundamental issues that this country has to deal with ... and one of the major concerns is the distribution of wealth . " Mants says that even though there are "  black faces in high places , " he hopes to see the quality of life improve for more Americans . Both men have no doubt that Obama 's moment in history would n't have happened without the bloody march in Selma more than four decades earlier . Today , the National Voters Rights Museum sits just yards from the Edmund Pettus Bridge . Inside the door to the left is a wall of notes left by many of the people who marched that day . Some 43 years later , Mants says the lifelong struggle was worth it . But did he ever think he would see an African-American president in his lifetime ? "  Yes , because there are some of us who kept our eyes on the prize , who never turned back , and -LSB- believed -RSB- that we shall overcome , " Mants says . "  There 's nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come . " Longtime voter Grace Britton Sweet thinks so , too . " -LSB- Obama -RSB- is one of the greatest things to ever happen , " she gushes . She plans to have a front-row seat for Obama 's inauguration when she watches the swearing-in from her living room with her prayer group . Forget the crowds , Sweet says , "  I can see it better on my TV . " This is one event she would rather see in its entirety than in person .	Few African-Americans living in Deep South were allowed to vote before 1965 "  Bloody Sunday " march led to swift passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 Activists : Obama has benefited from struggle of civil rights "  foot soldiers " "  There 's nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come , " says Mants
CNN  -- Ethnic Tibetans ' ability to thrive in high altitudes with low oxygen is the fastest genetic change ever observed in humans , according to a study published Friday in the journal Science . Researchers at the University of California-Berkeley said their comparison of the genomes of ethnic Tibetan and Han Chinese could help scientists understand how the body deals with decreased oxygen and diseases associated with oxygen deprivation in the womb , according to a news release on the university 's website . The evolutionary biologists say the results of their study , which compares the genomes of 50 Tibetans and 40 Han Chinese , shows that Tibetans rapidly developed a unique ability to survive in altitudes above 13,000 feet , where oxygen levels are about 40 percent lower than at sea level . The study said that Tibetans evolved to adapt to high altitudes after splitting off from the Han about 2,750 years ago . The study identified more than 30 genes with DNA mutations that have become more prevalent in Tibetans than Han Chinese , nearly half of which are related to how the body uses oxygen . "  For such a very strong change , a lot of people would have had to die simply due to the fact that they had the wrong version of a gene , " said Rasmus Nielsen , a professor of integrative biology at Berkeley who led the statistical analysis .	Ethnic Tibetans took less than 3,000 years to adapt to high altitudes , study says Professor : Adaptation is fastest genetic change ever observed in humans Study compares genomes of ethnic Tibetan and Han Chinese Evolution allows Tibetans to thrive in high-altitude areas , researchers say
CNN  -- It was dubbed "  mission impossible " by one of their own mothers , but Serbia 's women tennis players are now looking forward to the country 's historic first Fed Cup final appearance . Former world No. 1s Jelena Jankovic and Ana Ivanovic won their reverse singles ties in Moscow on Sunday before Serbia lost the dead doubles rubber to leave the score at 3-2 . But that defeat could not take the gloss off an emotional semifinal victory over a Russia team that has won the tournament four times in the past decade . Yugoslavia reached the semifinals in 1984 , but the Serbs had never made it to the last four since first competing as an independent nation in 2007 . "  The journey has been very long -- five years long -- so I 'm very happy to make it to the final , " Serbian captain Dejan Vranes said on the Fed Cup website . "  They played very good . We did everything possible to prepare for the match and I think we deserve the victory . " Despite the Russians missing top players Maria Sharapova and Vera Zvonareva , Jankovic 's mother Snezana said of the win : "  It 's amazing . Coming to Russia was mission impossible . " The women will now be hoping to follow in the footsteps of their male compatriots , who reached the Davis Cup final for the first time in 2010 and -- led by current world No. 1 Novak Djokovic -- won the title . "  I have goosebumps because it 's so exciting for us , " world No. 17 Jankovic said after her decisive win 6-1 6-4 over two-time grand slam champion Svetlana Kuznetsova . "  We 've come a long way . I remember those days we would play in the lower groups , so it 's so exciting for us to be in the final and playing for the trophy . I 'm very proud of our team and everyone who has helped us . " Ivanovic , now ranked 15th , lost to Kuznetsova on Saturday but redeemed herself by beating Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 3-6 6-0 6-3 in Sunday 's opening match . "  I did n't have a great night of sleep last night . I felt a lot of pressure after what happened yesterday , " the 2008 French Open champion said after her win . "  I was a little bit tense in the beginning of the match against Anastasia . She was hardly missing a ball and every shot was a winner . I just thought : ` Just find your rhythm , this set is gone . ' "  I stayed composed and started playing more aggressively and it worked . " In November 's final , the Serbs will face reigning champions the Czech Republic , who triumphed over Italy 4-1 in the other semifinal . World No. 3 Petra Kvitova helped seal the Czech victory in the third match with a 6-4 7-6  7-1  win over 2010 French Open champion Francesca Schiavone for her second victory of the tie . "  Francesca played unbelievable tennis , " last year 's Wimbledon champion said . "  Every Fed Cup I 'm playing I 'm nervous , so I 'm really happy to win today . It 's an unbelievable feeling -- I really wanted to be in the final again . The crowd was great , and I hope everyone who came to support us this weekend comes to the final too . " The 22-year-old has struggled to repeat her stellar 2011 performances this year , struggling for form and fitness since losing in the semifinals of the Australian Open in January . Kvitova will return to the WTA Tour circuit this week in Stuttgart following an intensive training program in Turkey . The Stuttgart clay event will be headed by world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka , while second-ranked Sharapova is also in the field along with Ivanovic , Jankovic , Polish fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska and last year 's runner-up Caroline Wozniacki .	Serbia in historic first Fed Cup final after beating four-time champs Russia 3-2 Women 's team hope to follow male compatriots who won Davis Cup in 2010 Former world No. 1s Jelena Jankovic and Ana Ivanovic help deliver victory Serbs will now face reigning champions Czech Republic in November final
CNN  -- Wisconsin state Sen. Glenn Grothman , who supports Gov. Scott Walker 's repeal of a law that protected workers from pay discrimination , recently said , "  You could argue that money is more important for men . I think a guy in their first job , maybe because they expect to be a breadwinner someday , may be a little more money-conscious . " As a graduating student surrounded by classmates about to assume their first jobs , I assure the senator that none of my female classmates is thinking , "  Salary is n't that important to me . I do n't plan to work hard and do n't need to be paid fairly , because I wo n't be a breadwinner . A man will come along to take care of that for me . " Instead , many young women about to enter the workforce are focused on paying off their student loan debt . Those who are also mothers are worried about how to financially provide for , and simultaneously care for , their young children . The single moms among us face even larger challenges . And we are worried about our sisters who do n't have college degrees and so do n't have the same earning power . What female students might not remember is that the men with whom we stand shoulder-to-shoulder at graduation do n't face the same financial challenges . Many young women of my generation believe they live in a post-feminist world , without unfair sex discrimination -- a world in which career paths are designed with fathers and mothers in mind . Unfortunately , that world does n't exist quite yet . A significant gender pay gap still persists . That 's why we can not be passive as we acknowledge Equal Pay Day , which marks the day when a woman 's earnings catch up to what her male peers earned in the previous year . To millennials , it 's startling to see that women still earn just 77 cents to the dollar of what men earn . Women of color are hit especially hard : African-American and Hispanic women earn 70 % and 61 % , respectively , of what white men earn . Without any male income in their household , single women and lesbians may feel the pay gap effect all the more . This wage gap costs working women and their families more than $ 10,000 annually and jeopardizes women 's retirement security . This gap is n't just about women making different choices in their careers . Even after accounting for occupation , hours worked , education , age , race , ethnicity , marital status , number of children and more , a difference of 5 % still persists in the earnings of male and female college graduates one year after graduation . After 10 years in the workplace , that gap more than doubles to 12 % . Today we are fortunate to have critical laws like the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Restoration Act , which overturned a 2007 Supreme Court decision that made it harder for women -- and all employees -- to pursue federal claims of pay discrimination . Although this important law restored fairness for workers who want to use federal law to challenge cases of discriminatory pay , it only addresses one piece of the larger puzzle . More needs to be done . Paycheck discrimination is not the only obstacle preventing women from having the same economic opportunities as men . As our country continues to focus on our economic recovery , leveling the financial playing field for women must be a priority . According to recent predictions , within a generation , more families will be supported by women than men . If these primary breadwinners earn lower incomes , it wo n't just affect their families , but also consumer spending and our larger financial growth . For starters , we need to further close the pay gap by fulfilling the promise of equal pay for work of equal value . Entire employment sectors should n't be paid less because they 're considered "  women 's work . " Because so much of "  women 's work " is paid at minimum wage , one way to begin to address this is to pass the Rebuild America Act , which would gradually raise the federal minimum wage and index the tipped minimum wage to keep pace with inflation . Women and families also need paid sick days and paid leave . The United States remains the only country in the developed world that does not mandate paid sick leave , despite the cost benefits to businesses , workers and our larger economy . According to the National Partnership for Women and Families , employers lose hundreds of billions of dollars in productivity when sick workers stay on the job , while workers who are forced to stay home without pay because of illness lose critical income . These costs of unpaid leave take a disproportionate toll on women , who are more likely to have care-giving responsibilities and be unable to take time off to care for family members when they fall ill . Our generation can change this . We know what the problems are and we know what the solutions are , but we have to demand that our elected officials and business leaders take action . At the federal and state level , we have to fight efforts to repeal equal pay laws . We have to support increases in the minimum wage . And we have to demand that the United States join our global competitors in giving workers paid leave . All these issues affect our individual financial health and the strength of our collective economy . On this Equal Pay Day , I hope all young women -- and men -- join this fight and prove that none of this is about "  money being more important for men " or for women . It 's about the kind of country we want to live in , work in and pursue our dreams in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sandra Fluke .	Sandra Fluke : Women care about wages as much as men do ; they want to be paid fairly On Equal Pay Day , women still make 77 cents for every dollar that men make , she says Fluke : More families will be supported by women than men , making issue more crucial Fluke pushes equal pay for equal work , higher minimum wage , guaranteed sick days
CNN  -- Al Qaeda 's North African wing , known as al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , said it is responsible for last week 's kidnapping of five French nationals in Niger , the Arabic-language news network Al-Jazeera reported Tuesday . The news agency broadcast an audio recording of a voice it identified as that of Salah Abou Mohammed , a spokesman for AQIM . CNN was not immediately able to independently confirm the report . "  Even though security was tight in the location and the security guards were many , the soldiers of Islam took control of all security and kidnapped five French nuclear experts that work at the company Areva . And we claim responsibility for this blessed operation , " he said , as reported by al-Jazeera . "  And we would like to tell the French government that the mujahedeen will make their demands soon . We warn you against taking any unwise actions . " Seven people linked to a French nuclear energy company were kidnapped in the West African nation of Niger last week . An employee of Areva and his wife were among those abducted in the northern town of Arlit , the company has said . Areva has been mining uranium for decades in Niger , one of the poorest countries in the world . The other five were subcontractors who worked for the French construction firm Vinci , Leila Touiti , a company spokeswoman has said . Five of the abducted are French nationals , French foreign ministry spokesman Bernard Valero has told reporters . It was not immediately clear Tuesday whether AQIM was also claiming responsibility for the other two hostages .	Al Qaeda 's North African wing claims responsibility , Al-Jazeera reports The group says it will make its demands to the French government soon Five of the people abducted are French nationals , foreign ministry says
CNN  -- A lion at the Dallas Zoo bit and killed a lioness in their exhibit as visitors watched Sunday afternoon in an attack officials said they could n't immediately explain . The 5-year-old lioness , Johari , was bitten in the neck by one of the male lions in her pride around 2:15 p.m. , the zoo said . Dozens of zoo visitors saw the attack , CNN affiliates WFAA and KTXA reported . "  At first you think they 're playing , and then you realize he 's killing her , and ... you 're watching it and you just ca n't believe your eyes , " witness Michael Henshaw told WFAA . "  The male lion that started it just had his mouth over her throat , and everyone thought they were playing at first , " witness Jim Harvey told WFAA . ` But then they could see she was struggling . " The zoo said Johari died quickly . Witness Dylan Parker told WFAA that the attacking lion held Johari by the neck "  for like 10 minutes ... waiting until it quit moving . " The zoo said its keepers closed the exhibit after the incident and took the attacker and three other lions -- his brother and Johari 's two sisters -- off the habitat . Lynn Kramer , a veterinarian and the zoo 's vice president of animal operations and welfare , said the attack was a "  very rare and unfortunate occurrence . " "  In my 35 years as a veterinarian in zoos , I 've never seen this happen , " he said . The two surviving lionesses were expected to be put back onto the habitat on Monday , the zoo said . The zoo said the male lions wo n't be in the exhibit with the lionesses for now , WFAA reported . Zoo staff said it was n't clear why the attack happened , according to WFAA . Cougar kills keeper at Oregon sanctuary	5-year-old Johari is bitten in neck by male in her pride , zoo says "  You 're watching it and you just ca n't believe your eyes , " witness tells WFAA Exhibit closed after Sunday attack ; lionesses expected back on Monday
London  CNN  -- Rights groups have slammed a lunch hosted by Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II on Friday for including monarchs criticized for their countries ' human rights records . Among those who attended the event at Windsor Castle is the king of Bahrain , whose government has come under fire for its crackdown on anti-government protests last year and its handling of continuing unrest . Swaziland 's King Mswati III , accused by critics of enjoying a lavish lifestyle at public expense while his people suffer great poverty , was also there . The monarchs ' lunch , with a menu that included English asparagus , lamb from Windsor and strawberries from Kent , is part of celebrations of the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee , marking her 60 years on the throne . It will be followed by an evening banquet at Buckingham Palace hosted by Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall . Human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell said it was "  outrageous that the queen has invited royal tyrants to celebrate her Diamond Jubilee . " He called for the invitations to monarchs heading nations with poor records on rights to be withdrawn immediately and said protesters would stage a rally outside Buckingham Palace as royals arrive for the dinner . "  The invitations are a shocking misjudgment , " he said . "  They show the queen is out of touch with the humanitarian values of most British people . She 's putting royalty before human rights . " No significant protests marked the monarchs ' arrival at Windsor , where they were each greeted by the queen and the duke of Edinburgh before sitting down to eat . But rights group Amnesty International said the event risked giving the impression that Britain did not care about the victims of human rights abuses . "  We can imagine why victims of recent human rights abuses in countries like Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , Swaziland and Thailand might feel their plight has been ignored when they see the guest list for the queen 's diamond jubilee celebrations , " said Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa director for Amnesty International . He said that Bahrain 's King Hamad al-Khalifa had tried to address the abuses committed last year by setting up an independent inquiry but that failures to ensure reforms are fully implemented "  make his promises seem hollow . " Luther added : "  He should use this occasion to commit to releasing the prisoners of conscience still held in Bahrain and ensure true accountability for the violations of the last year . " The UK Foreign Office said all the world 's sovereigns have been invited to the lunch , which was organized by the Royal Household with its support , although all will not necessarily attend . A Foreign Office spokesman defended the inclusion of al-Khalifa at the lunch , saying Britain and Bahrain "  work together closely on a range of important issues . " "  The UK is a longstanding friend and ally of Bahrain , and ministers regularly meet with Bahraini counterparts in the UK and abroad , " he said . "  This strong relationship also allows us to have a full and frank discussion on a range of issues including those where we have concerns . On human rights , we support the reforms already under way in Bahrain , and we want to help promote that reform . " The reforms include "  bringing to account those individuals responsible for human rights abuses , " he said . Grand Prix organizers were urged to cancel the F1 race in Bahrain last month because of concerns about human rights . Bahrain is home to the U.S. Fifth Fleet and is viewed as an important bulwark against Iran 's influence in the Persian Gulf . Bahrain 's king is not on the guest list for the smaller evening event , but Swaziland 's monarch is among those invited to both lunch and dinner . The menus for the two meals have not been made public . Royals from Denmark , Luxembourg , Norway , Sweden , Monaco , Brunei , Jordan , Saudi Arabia and Thailand are among those invited to both events , as are the emperor and empress of Japan . The Spanish queen did not attend , however , amid tensions over a planned visit by Prince Edward and his wife next month to Gibraltar , a UK territory that Spain also claims . "  Queen Sofia has canceled her visit to the UK for the Jubilee celebrations following the advice from the Spanish government that the visit would be inappropriate in the current circumstances regarding Gibraltar , " a spokesman for the Spanish Royal Household said . CNN 's Max Foster , David Wilkinson and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : The kings of Bahrain and Swaziland are among the royals to attend the Jubilee lunch NEW : Queen Elizabeth II greets each monarch on their arrival at Windsor Castle Campaigners say monarchs from countries with poor human rights records should not be invited Foreign Office says UK 's relationship with Bahrain means it can push for more reforms
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution Friday expressing its intent to , eventually , send U.N. peacekeeping forces back to the fractured , unstable nation of Somalia . Islamist insurgents display their weaponry Friday in Mogadishu during a parade . The resolution was sponsored by the U.S. , in one of the final Bush Administration initiatives at the United Nations . The passage of the resolution follows the exit of a U.N.-backed , Ethiopian peacekeeping force that completed a two-year deployment in Somalia Thursday . There is wide-spread concern among diplomats and regional leaders in the Horn of Africa that , with the withdrawal of Ethiopian forces , a power vacuum will be filled in Somalia by regional Islamic extremist groups , some with links to al-Qaeda . The U.N. resolution sets forth a process that aims to bring stability and sovereignty to Somalia , which has been racked by violence and lawlessness since the government was overthrown in 1991 . First , the resolution expresses renewed support that an African Union force currently deployed in Somalia -- known as AMISOM -- remains on the ground . The A.U. contingent is currently comprised of 2,600 troops . The U.N. resolution calls on the African Union to strengthen those levels to 8,000 . The resolution then requests that U.N. Secretary-General , Ban Ki-Moon , submit a report by April 15 , 2009 updating the situation in Somalia , and it asks that he develop the mandate for a U.N. peacekeeping force . Finally , a decision on U.N. peacekeeping is requested by June 1 , 2009 . However , the process is off to a rocky start . Last month , Ban said that requests to U.N. member nations for peacekeeping forces for Somalia were received negatively . Also , throughout , one of the key players in the Somalia decisions will likely be Susan Rice , President-Elect Obama 's nominee for new U.S. - U.N. Ambassador , and a specialist on African issues . At her confirmation hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in Washington on Thursday , Rice told senators that she is "  skeptical about the wisdom of a United Nations peacekeeping force in Somalia at this time . "	Resolution expresses intent to send U.N. peacekeeping forces to Somalia The resolution in war-torn country was sponsored by the United States Ethiopian peacekeeping force completed two-year deployment in Somalia Regional leaders fear vacuum will be filled by Islamic extremist groups
EW.com  -- When HBO airs "  Behind the Candelabra " on May 26 , the world will get to see Matt Damon play Liberace 's drug-addled , surgically enhanced lover -- a role about as far from Jason Bourne as it gets . But Damon , who sat down with costar Michael Douglas to talk with EW for this week 's cover story , says he is n't ruling out a return to his blockbuster spy franchise despite the fact that he handed the reins over to Jeremy Renner in last year 's "  The Bourne Legacy . " That movie rebooted the series by introducing the idea of a world with multiple Bourne-style secret agents  $ " which means the original Jason Bourne could still be out there somewhere . "  Tony Gilroy , who wrote the first one and the second one , came up with an idea : I think they look at it as kind of the reverse of ` X-Men , ' " says Damon , who opted not to sign on for a fourth film because he and director Paul Greengrass "  could n't figure out " a script . "  Whereas with ` X-Men , ' you get a giant bunch of superheroes and then do the ` Wolverine ' spinoff , I think Tony pitched it as , ` OK , we started with the ` Wolverine ' spinoff . Now let 's try to make the ` X-Men . ' So I 'll create all these other programs , and you can have your evergreen that way . There 'll be other agents . ' " Kevin Smith posts title page of ` Clerks III ' So does this mean Damon and Renner might share the screen in a Bourne movie someday ? "  That would be their dream , " says Damon . "  Tony 's whole thing was , ` Look , my story wo n't preclude Matt from doing another one . This one can live on a parallel track . ' " Elisabeth Hasselbeck to exit ` The View ' ? In the meantime , Damon is taking on outside-the-box projects like "  Behind the Candelabra , " though the actor says he was surprised at how much he could relate to the bizarre love story between Liberace  Douglas  and Scott Thorson  Damon  . "  My way in was my own marriage and understanding how these long-term relationships work , " he says . "  Their relationship is absurd and funny and tragic and heartbreaking . And I realized : That 's all of our lives . I found the relationship was highly relatable . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Matt Damon and Michael Douglas star in HBO 's "  Behind the Candelabra , " to air May 26 Damon says he is n't ruling out a return to his "  Bourne " spy franchise He handed the reins over to Jeremy Renner in last year 's "  The Bourne Legacy "
Washington  CNN  -- If you 're on your way to some of the nation 's airports this holiday season and have a feeling there are fewer people schlepping their suitcases and looking for long-term parking spaces , it 's not your imagination . The estimate for the upcoming winter holiday travel period predicts there will be fewer fliers than a year ago . A projected 43.3 million air travelers will fly on U.S. carriers for both domestic and international routes during a 21-day period , according to Airlines for America  A4A  , the industry trade organization for the leading U.S. airlines . That 's a 1 % drop from the same period last year which translates to about 20,000 fewer travelers on average per day . However , travelers will not find that translates into more leg room once they board planes . On the busiest days , flights will be filled to at least 85 % capacity , according to the forecast . "  Passengers still should expect to see full flights as many airlines have reduced capacity to match the decline in travel and increased cost of operations . Capacity reduction is one of the steps the industry is taking to preserve profitability , " said A4A Chief Economist John Heimlich . Lingering economic concerns , higher energy prices and less disposable income have all contributed to the slight decrease this winter , officials said . The large weather system currently blasting parts of the West and Midwest is making driving through the southern Rockies dangerous but forecasters say to this point , it has not had a major impact on large airline hubs . However , forecasters are watching it closely . "  All hands are on deck and ready to go , " said Tom Hendricks , A4A senior vice president for Safety , Security and Operations . In the event winter weather causes problems , the FAA may open up Defense Department airspace not regularly available to commercial flights on an as-needed basis to help ease congestion . Daily passenger volumes are expected to range from 1.6 million to 2.3 million during the holiday . The busiest days are expected to be between December 21 through December 23 , December 26 through December 30 and then January 2 and 3 as travelers fly home . The airline organization recommends passengers check airline websites before they leave for the airport , pack gifts unwrapped to lessen security delays and review carry-on rules for liquids , gels and aerosols .	A projected 43.3 million air travelers will fly on U.S. carriers That 's a 1 % drop from the same period last year On the busiest days , flights will be filled to at least 85 % capacity
CNN  Transatlantic passengers taking the JFK to Heathrow red-eye got a helpful boost from stronger-than-average winds , reaching near-supersonic speeds and cutting 90 minutes off the scheduled flight time . The British Airways Boeing 777-200 made the New York-London route in five hours , 16 minutes last Wednesday , and reached ground speeds of up to 1200 km/h  745 mph  , riding a powerful jet stream of up to 322 km/h  200 mph  tailwinds . The sonic barrier is broken at 1224 km/h  761 mph  . ` Like surfing ' Former BA pilot Alastair Rosenschein told the British press that riding the jet stream was "  just like surfing . " "  It 's extraordinary how fast you can go , " the Daily Telegraph quoted him as saying . "  You try to sit in the core of the jet where it 's not too turbulent and where you can pick up some free mileage . It 's not unusual to get 100 mph tailwinds but  these pilots  have got more than that . This must be a record . " Several other flights heading east over the Atlantic also benefited from the weather , but it was flight BA114 that made headlines with the record time . What is turbulence ? Matching Concorde ? Not even close Only the now-retired Concorde , which was operated by BA and Air France until it was decommissioned in 2003 , bested Flight 114 's New York-London time -- a BA Concorde made that trip in 1996 in just under two hours , 53 minutes . For European passengers traveling westwards , however , the jet stream will mean longer-than-average flight times as planes need to battle powerful headwinds . Gale-force winds affected travel in the UK this week ahead of forecasted heavy snow . Some 40,000 households in Scotland were without power as the power grid went down in the Highlands .	A British Airways flight makes New York - London in record time Plane hitches a ride on powerful jetstream , reducing flight time by an hour and a half Boeing 777-200 hits speeds of 745 mph , just shy of the speed of sound
Warsaw , Poland  CNN  -- The body of Polish President Lech Kaczynski , who was killed in a plane crash in Russia over the weekend , returned to tributes in his homeland Sunday afternoon . Soldiers in perfect step carried the casket from the plane that transported onto the tarmac , where mourners were waiting . Catholic priests recited prayers at the military airport before Kaczynski 's daughter and twin brother , followed by others , took turns kneeling before the flag-draped casket . People lined up along the streets along where Kaczynski 's body would pass on its way to the presidential palace . Tens of thousands of Poles across the country observed a two-minute-long moment of silence to remember their president and 95 others killed in the plane crash . iReport : Mourners ' candles a ` spot of light ' Meanwhile , investigators said they found the aircraft 's flight data recorders in good condition and began deciphering them Sunday , the independent Russian Interfax news agency reported . Residents flocked to central Warsaw , the site of the presidential palace , to mourn Kaczynski . They left wreaths and lit candles . By Sunday , the numbers grew to about 100,000 by some estimates . Many cried openly . Others stared blankly at the sky . On Monday , the country begins a week-long period of mourning . The plane carrying Kaczynski crashed Saturday morning while trying to land at an airport near Smolensk in Russia . Biography : Lech Kaczynski Kaczynski 's wife and several top military officials were also killed in the crash . Parliament Speaker Bronislaw Komorowski took over as acting president and declared it "  a time for national mourning . " Kaczynski , 60 , had been traveling with a Polish delegation to Russia for the 70th anniversary of the Russian massacre of Polish prisoners of war in the village of Katyn . About 20,000 Poles , including soldiers and civilians , were executed there during World War II . The Polish military plane carrying Kaczynski originated in Warsaw , the Polish Defense Ministry said . It was just a few miles east of Katyn when it crashed around 10:50 a.m.  2:50 a.m. ET  on the outskirts of the town of Pechorsk , close to Smolensk , the Investigation Committee of the Russian prosecutor 's office said . World leaders pay tribute to Kaczynski Late Saturday night , Kaczynski 's twin brother , Jaroslaw , visited the site of the crash . As others around him prayed , he silently knelt down on pile of rubble where mourners had propped up flowers . Authorities do not yet know what caused the crash . Russia has emphasized that there is no evidence it was responsible . The Investigation Committee said the plane , a Tupolev-154 , was trying to land in heavy fog . A Russian military official said that air traffic control in Smolensk had tried to divert the plane to another airport because of inclement weather . "  The air traffic control officer gave several orders to divert but the plane continued with its descent , " said Alexander Aleshin , a top Russian air force official . "  Unfortunately , this ended in tragedy . " Russian President Dmitry Medvedev appointed Putin to head an inquiry commission . On Sunday , the Russian state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported that the crash was not caused by technical problems , citing investigation officials . The plane carrying Kaczynski was refurbished and repaired last year , according to Alexei Gusev , general director of Aviakor Factory , the company that performed the service . "  Speaking openly , we believe that this tragedy could not have been caused by equipment failure , " he said . Kaczynski had been president since December 2005 , after he defeated rival Donald Tusk in the second round of voting . Elections must now be held within 60 days . Other Polish officials killed in the crash include Aleksander Szczyglo , the head of the National Security Office ; Jerzy Szmajdzinski , the deputy parliament speaker ; Andrzej Kremer , the deputy foreign minister ; and Gen. Franciszek Gagor , the army chief of staff , according to Kaczynski 's Law and Justice Party . What does crash mean for Polish politics ? The party also said that Slawomir Skrzypek , head of the National Bank of Poland , was killed . Putin spoke Saturday at the crash site , where charred pieces of the airplane were strewn through a wooded area . Some pieces , including one of the wheel wells , were upside down . "  As our first priority , we must establish the causes of this tragedy , " he said . "  As a second priority , we must do everything in our power to assist the families and relatives of the deceased . " CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen in Warsaw , Poland , and Nic Robertson in Smolensk , Russia , contributed to this report .	Polish president 's body arrives in Warsaw as country mourns his death Tens of thousands flood onto streets to pay respects to Lech Kaczynski Kaczynski died with 95 others in a plane crash in Russia on Saturday Investigators say aircraft 's flight data recorders in good condition
CNN  -- When Command Sgt. Maj. Michael T. Hall of the International Security Assistance Force announced that fast-food offerings like Pizza Hut , Dairy Queen and Orange Julius were being shuttered in Afghanistan , he was blunt about it . "  This is a warzone , not an amusement park , " he wrote on the ISAF blog . These mobile restaurants and others that can be found on large bases in Kandahar and Bagram , are "  nonessentials " and are being shut down to streamline delivery of much-needed battlefield supplies . However , according to some soldiers and Marines -- all of whom have served in combat in Iraq or Afghanistan -- access to the familiar hometown mall fare is n't as important to morale as many civilians may have thought . The veterans and active-duty troops all said that access to healthy foods , local cuisine and packages of snacks sent by friends and family trumped military base fast food as morale boosters . The announcement of the fast-food outposts ' shuttering inspired a lively debate on CNN 's Afghanistan blog about morale and the amenities afforded servicemen and women serving overseas -- often in harm 's way . Those affected , however , did n't seem very concerned . "  The big things that improve morale in a combat zone are lots of letters and packages from loved ones , " Marine Cpl. David Brian Crouch said . Especially appreciated in these care packages are sweet , sour , salty and spicy condiments , such as Tabasco , sugar packets and seasoned salts for enlivening the military 's frequently derided Meals Ready to Eat -- individually packaged rations for service members stationed away from meal preparation facilities . These high-calorie MREs , which have long drawn criticism for depressingly bland flavors and textures , are precisely what Crouch , who served two tours in Iraq , says drove his fellow troops to seek out more flavorful , familiar fast food . Others look a little closer to their temporary home , sampling the local fare . While many soldiers out on combat patrols were , according to Army Capt. David Swaintek , "  too tired and drained to care much about their meal , " he developed a taste for Iraqi flavors during his tour , which lasted from 2002 to 2008 . While he stands up for food on base , calling it "  decent " and "  healthier " than fast-food alternatives , he still misses his favorite flatbread , which he 'd buy while out on patrol , and he laments not being able to find anything like it stateside . Similarly adventurous , previously deployed Marines now at California 's Camp Pendeleton do n't have to venture far from their barracks to indulge in the Middle Eastern-style specialties they 've come to love . According to the Marine Corps Times , DedeMed 's Shawarma House now serves the eponymous gyro-like sandwich -- as well as hummus , tabbouleh salad and baklava -- to Marines who 'd been stationed in Iraq and the Persian Gulf . Swaintek , while lauding the indigenous cuisine , also cried foul about fatty U.S. fast foods , saying that "  overweight soldiers are a problem . " Army Sgt. Paul Williams , who is serving in Iraq , agrees with the captain but indulges in "  the occasional pizza from Pizza Hut , burrito from Taco Bell , or maybe even a sandwich from Subway , " citing the virtue of being able to enjoy a pizza in the middle of the desert and escape for a few minutes to talk with fellow soldiers about their homes , sweethearts or future plans . Ultimately , though , the military is a culture of intense physical fitness , and access to nutritious meals at mess halls helps servicemen and women maintain their physical and psychological . edge . And Williams says that "  a soldier has a responsibility to maintain himself . " While deployed troops can certainly take the reins of their physical health , friends and family stateside can still boost morale and offer a taste of home with much-appreciated care packages . The Department of Defense maintains a list of links to groups coordinating care packages for overseas soldiers . According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , most foods that are tightly prepackaged and immune to mold or bacterial growth are safe for sending to soldiers . They recommend dried proteins , like beef and turkey jerky , as well as dehydrated soups , dried fruits and even dense baked goods like fruitcakes . Just make sure to seal it all up with a kiss .	Military closing mobile Pizza Hut , Dairy Queen , Orange Julius , other outlets in Afghanistan Eateries are called nonessential , officers say the closures wo n't upset troops ' morale Troops : Morale is about the amenities sent from families , friends in U.S.
CNN  -- World No. 3 Rafael Nadal has been forced to withdraw from the U.S. Open due to an ongoing knee complaint , the Spanish tennis star announced on Wednesday . The French Open champion has a history of knee problems , and has not played since a surprise second-round defeat at Wimbledon in June . The former world number one was unable to defend his Olympic title in London , and the the 26-year-old had to pull out of last week 's tournament in Toronto as well as this week 's event in Cincinnati . "  I am very sad to announce that I am still not ready to play and have to withdraw from this year 's U.S. Open in NYC , " Nadal told the U.S. Open website ahead of the season 's final grand slam , which runs from August 27-September 9 . "  I am sorry since I always found great crowds and great support , but I have to continue with my recuperation and preparation to be ready to play in the right conditions . " Nadal , who was beaten in last year 's final by Novak Djokovic , missed large spells of the 2007 season due to knee problems and had to withdraw from the 2008 end-of-season championship plus the Davis Cup final due to similar troubles . In 2009 , Nadal was unable to defend his Wimbledon title after he was diagnosed with tendinitis in both knees , and he has occasionally missed tournaments since to try to manage the problem . In March this year , he was forced to withdraw before his semifinal at the Miami Masters tournament due to the injury . However , he managed to play a full clay-court season , winning three titles before clinching a record seventh French Open at Roland Garros . Nadal then lost in the quarterfinals of the Halle grass event in Germany , and was beaten at Wimbledon by 100th-ranked Czech Lukas Rosol .	Last year 's runner-up Rafael Nadal withdraws from the U.S. Open Spanish player has already missed Olympics and North American events Nadal lost to Novak Djokovic in last year 's final in New York Former world number one has a history of knee problems
London  CNN  -- Over the last 15 years , I 've been lucky enough to work in the industry of tech-driven start-ups , and I 've watched as revolutions have taken place . Technologies we now take for granted -- wifi , the iPhone , Twitter and Facebook , for example -- have transformed the way we communicate , do business and even facilitate political upheavals . Yet they remain youthful technologies . Wifi had its earliest start around 1991 , and did n't hit the mainstream until the early 2000s . It 's now in every decent coffee shop and threatening to infiltrate the last bastion of un-connectivity -- the London underground . The United Kingdom is integral in this narrative of global upheaval . But , unlike its American peers , it 's shy of celebrating its success . But without the ground-breaking work of UK companies , this brave new world would not be possible . ARM , a spin-off of the loved but now-defunct Acorn Computers , pioneered the high-speed , low-energy brains that power this revolution . Without ARM 's "  reduced instruction set computing " your laptop would barely last a few hours , and would be too hot to keep on . This relatively small company has created such huge opportunity and promise , but the UK barely celebrates them , let alone acknowledge the huge impact they 've had on the future of computing . Ever heard of Cambridge Silicon Radio ? They create Bluetooth platforms , a technology which is now emerging as a potential way of securing mobile to mobile transactions , revolutionizing advertising and making sure that you 're still connected to your phone even when driving . British brains are also behind many of the greatest innovations . Tim Berners-Lee invented the world wide web , while Jony Ive is the design guru at Apple . And it is these British visionaries who are as central to our new world , if not more so , than the social platforms that are part of our everyday conversations . Consumer technology is all very attractive and tangible : Twitter is immediate ; Facebook is ubiquitous . In contrast , ARM , Cambridge Silicon Radio and their peers , like Datasift , Autonomy and Wolfram , are technical , complex and powerful . And hard to make sexy . In these times of instant gratification , sexy is a necessary condition . However such companies are all products of long-term vision , backed with massive intellectual prowess , creating cutting edge technologies that will remain a core part of the technological future for many , many years . This stands them apart from Facebook and Twitter . These things are , by their very nature , faddy , nascent , fast to grow and fast to die . MySpace , Friends Reunited and countless others became "  also-rans " who did n't keep the consumer 's attention beyond a few years . So , the UK needs to celebrate its vital role in our new , connected world . We 're ambitious , dedicated , passionate , diligent and intellectually capable . But we 're also refined , genteel and not one to brag about new riches . That attitude stands in stark contrast to our American peers , who are incredible at creating and monetizing opportunities , then playing to consumers of the digital age -- just as Hollywood did with the silver screen . They talk themselves up , they champion their industries , and they invest in each other , both financially and in spirit . In short , they are the noisy cousins bragging about their new riches . We need to stop being distracted by this hype , and instead invest in and recognize our nation of incredible promise and intellectual capacity . We do n't invest enough in academia -- which is why I have established a free school , The Ada Lovelace Academy , to nurture the new generation of entrepreneurs . Without such investment , we are at risk of failing subsequent generations with an endemic short-termism that does n't set the stage for the next ARM , CSR , Wolfram or Autonomy to emerge from this green and pleasant land . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Benjamin Southworth .	Technologies we take for granted such as Twitter and Facebook are still young They 've transformed the way we operate , but social platforms can end up as "  has-beens " British minds are behind some of the most vital innovations in tech 's brave new world However , they are complex and we do n't celebrate our success like the Americans do
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- Investigators searching for the suspected killer of four Seattle-area police officers have rounded up several of his relatives and friends to keep them from helping him escape , a sheriff 's spokesman said Monday . Police have brought in five or six relatives and other acquaintances of Maurice Clemmons , "  and we expect that number to grow , " Pierce County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Ed Troyer said . Some of Clemmons ' family and friends have been trying to help him elude police and seek treatment for a gunshot wound , and they have tried to divert investigators by calling in false leads , he said . "  What we 're going to do is eliminate those people , so he 'll have no place to go , " Troyer told CNN . A raid in the southern Seattle suburb of Renton late Monday was aimed at cutting off Clemmons from that support network , he said . Clemmons , 37 , is an ex-convict with a long rap sheet in Washington and Arkansas , according to authorities and documents . He is wanted in what police called the ambush-style killing of four police officers from Lakewood , near Tacoma , about 40 miles south of Seattle . Witnesses say Clemmons was shot in the torso during the Sunday morning attack , and blood and gauze bandages were found in a truck linked to Clemmons , Troyer said . The sheriff 's department said associates who refuse to cooperate with the investigation could face criminal charges . Clemmons is thought to have slipped away from a home in Seattle 's Leschi neighborhood Sunday night , before police surrounded the residence for about 12 hours . He was not found in the home when the investigators moved in Monday morning , Seattle police spokesman Jeff Kappel told reporters . His escape was "  an unlucky thing for us , and a lucky thing for him , " Troyer said Monday night . "  But his luck 's going to run out , because he does n't have people to help him do that any more . " The slain officers , three men and a woman , were killed at a coffee shop in Parkland , a suburb of Tacoma . Early Monday , authorities started identifying Clemmons as a suspect , rather than as someone wanted for questioning . The night before the shootings , Clemmons had threatened to kill police officers , but witnesses did not report those threats until after the slayings , Troyer said on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Clemmons was accused of child rape and assaulting a police officer in May . He had been released on $ 150,000 bond five days before the shootings , according to court records . After his arrest , Clemmons ' sister told police that he "  had not been himself lately " and that his behavior was "  unpredictable and erratic . " "  He had said that the Secret Service was coming to get him because he had written a letter to the president , " an affidavit quoted her as telling investigators . In addition , neighbors had complained that he had been throwing rocks through their windows . Clemmons ' wife told deputies that she and her husband had argued over a "  newly discovered child , " and she suggested that was why he went on his rock-throwing spree , according to an arrest affidavit . In 2000 , then-Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee commuted a 95-year prison sentence for Clemmons , according to documents from the Arkansas Department of Community Correction . He returned to prison in 2001 but was paroled in 2004 . "  Should he be found responsible for this horrible tragedy , it will be the result of a series of failures in the criminal justice system in both Arkansas and Washington state , " Huckabee 's office said in a statement Sunday night . During his 2008 presidential bid , Huckabee was criticized for granting clemency to another inmate , convicted rapist Wayne DuMond , who was later convicted of raping and murdering a woman in Missouri . Huckabee 's statement brought a sharp response from Troyer on Monday . "  We 're disappointed that Gov. Huckabee came out in the middle of the night without calling anybody here and blamed this on the criminal justice system in the state of Washington , " Troyer said . "  We 're guessing that 's probably a spin doctor , not him . " Sunday 's shooting was the first for the Lakewood police department , which was created five years ago for the town of nearly 60,000 . Until then , the Pierce County Sheriff 's Department provided law-enforcement services there . The slain officers were identified as Sgt. Mark Renninger , 39 ; Officer Ronald Owens , 37 ; Officer Tina Griswold , 40 ; and Officer Greg Richards , 42 . All of them were parents and had been with the department since its inception . "  My worst nightmare has come true , " Tiffany Ryan , Griswold 's sister , told reporters . "  I ca n't tell you how painful it is to lose my sister . " Police Chief Bret Farrar told reporters Monday that he has repeatedly been asked how the city 's officers are doing . "  This is how everybody 's doing , " Farrar said , gesturing to the police force standing behind him . "  They 're here . They 're doing their jobs . They 're working hard . They 're dealing with their loss . ... We 're here to carry on . This is what we do . " The four officers "  were good people , " Farrar said , fighting to maintain his composure . "  They were great officers , and we will all miss them very much . " The Lakewood Independent Police Guild is accepting donations for the officers ' families , said guild president and Lakewood police officer Brian Wurts . Contributions have poured in from as far away as Switzerland , he said . "  I ca n't believe he was out on the street , " Wurts said of the suspect . "  If they want to rehabilitate them , you can rehabilitate them -- but you rehabilitate them in prison , where they 're supposed to be , " he added . "  This guy should have never been on the street . " The coffee shop on Steele Street is a popular hangout for law enforcement officers and is one of 22 Forza Coffee Company locations in Washington . The company 's CEO , Brad Carpenter , is a retired police officer . In a statement on the company Web site , he said the shooting "  hits extremely close to home to me . " Police said the gunman walked past the officers to the counter as if to order , then pulled a gun out of his coat and began shooting at 8:15 a.m. Sunday . Two of the officers were "  executed " as they sat at a table , Troyer said . Another was shot when he stood up , and the fourth was shot after struggling with the gunman all the way out the door , Troyer said . All were in uniform , with their marked patrol cars parked outside . Two baristas and other customers inside the shop were unharmed . "  Just the law enforcement officers were targeted , " Troyer said . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Dan Simon , Dave Alsup , Dina Majoli and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Police round up relatives , friends of suspect to keep them from helping him escape Maurice Clemmons , 37 , is sought in the shooting deaths of 4 officers in coffee shop Police : Some of Clemmons ' family , friends have been trying to help him elude police Clemmons is an ex-convict with a long rap sheet in Washington and Arkansas
CNN  -- Republicans raised the question in their convention of whether the country is better off than it was when President Barack Obama was elected , and it does n't seem that Democrats have a convincing argument going into their convention this week . Both Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and his running mate Paul Ryan had a variation on the theme in their acceptance speeches last week in Tampa , Florida . Romney : "  This president can not tell us that you 're better off today than when he took office . " Ryan : "  Without a change in leadership , why would the next four years be any different from the last four years ? " One prominent Democrat said the answer to the question was "  no . " "  But that 's not the question of this election , " Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley said on CBS on Sunday . "  The question , without a doubt , we are not as well off as we were before George Bush brought us the Bush job losses , the Bush recession , the Bush deficits , the series of desert wars -- charged for the first time to credit cards , the national credit cards . " Republicans pounced on O'Malley 's admission , with Ryan issuing a statement saying it was proof that Obama 's policies are n't working . Two of Obama 's senior advisers would n't give a yes or no answer when asked on Sunday . While Obama senior campaign adviser David Axelrod told Fox News , "  We 're in a better position than we were four years ago , " he did n't directly answer the question if voters thought they were better off . "  I think the average American recognizes that it took years to create the crisis that erupted in 2008 and peaked in January of 2009 , " Axelrod said . "  And it 's going to take some time to work through it . " White House senior adviser David Plouffe had a similar answer on ABC , saying , "  I think everyone understands we were this close to a Great Depression . Because of the leadership of this president , we staved that off . We 're beginning to recover . " Obama was riding toward the convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , on a speaking tour of Virginia , Iowa and Colorado college campuses hoping to energize young voters , a segment of the electorate critical to his hopes . Younger voters went overwhelmingly for Obama in 2008 and he still holds a lead in the age group in polls , but less decisively than four years ago . Even if they do n't vote Romney , the Obama campaign 's concern is that that segment and the others that helped elect him do n't turn out at the rates they did four years ago . Senior campaign adviser Robert Gibbs told CNN 's Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union " that no one in Obama 's campaign "  is sitting up here saying this is 2008 . " But Gibbs did n't think there was a case of buyer 's remorse going into Election Day . "  I do n't think that there is voter disappointment , " Gibbs said . "  The voters understand that we have been through a traumatic economic experience in the country , unlike anything that we have ever seen . " And Gibbs said the GOP was n't offering an alternative , only rehashed ideas . "  In Tampa , we saw nothing but insults and old slogans and tired old ideas , " Gibbs said . "  In Charlotte , the president is going to focus on a plan to provide the middle class in this country necessary and needed security by investing in research and innovation . " Obama 's campaign has used that theme consistently since Republicans wrapped up their convention last week . The president told an audience in Iowa on Saturday that the GOP message was something that might as well have been viewed on a black and white television . "  It was a rerun . We 'd seen it before , " Obama said . Obama also challenged Romney over his qualifications to be the country 's commander in chief , pointing out at that same rally in Iowa that Romney had failed to mention Afghanistan in his acceptance speech . "  Gov. Romney had nothing to say about Afghanistan last week , " Obama said at a campaign rally in Iowa on Saturday . "  Did n't mention it . Did n't offer a plan in terms of how he might end the war or , if he 's not going to end it , he 's got to let people know . " Romney campaign senior adviser Eric Fehrnstrom said his candidate had addressed the war in an address to the American Legion the day before his acceptance speech . "  President Obama has allowed our leadership to diminish , " Romney said in that speech . "  In dealings with other nations , he has given trust where it is not earned , insult where it is not deserved , and apology where it is not due . " The acceptance speech had a different purpose , Fehrnstrom said , to "  introduce himself to millions of voters who were seeing him for the first time . " "  We thought that speech was a home run , " he added .	Obama advisers wo n't answer yes or no on whether voters are better off than in 2008 Head of Democratic governors ' group says voters are n't better off -- but that 's not the question Republicans raised the question during their convention last week Obama is on a tour of college campuses ahead of his party convention this week
CNN  -- Usain Bolt put his 100m nightmare behind him to claim gold in the 200m final at the world championships in Daegu Saturday . Bolt , disqualified for a false start in the final of the shorter sprint , made no mistake this time as he powered to victory in 19.40 seconds , the fourth fastest of all time . "  I feel great . I 'm still the best . After the false start on Sunday , I was extremely disappointed not to have given myself the chance to defend my 100m title , " Bolt said , AFP reported . "  The 200m represented a great opportunity for me to put it behind me and move on , and I 've been determined to do so all week , " he added , AFP reported . Olympic champion Bolt was defending the title he won in Berlin in 2009 and the outcome never looked in doubt once he had come safely out of his blocks and quickly made up ground on Walter Dix of the United States on his outside . Dix took silver in 19.70 seconds with France 's Christophe Lemaitre in bronze as he broke the 20 seconds barrier for the first time . Bolt will get the chance to add to his gold tally when his Jamaican team defend their 4 x 100m relay title Sunday . Meanwhile , South African Oscar Pistorius received his silver medal in a ceremony for the men 's 4 x 400m relay , won Friday by the United States . Pistorius is the first non-able bodied athlete to win a medal in the world championships , but controversially was left of the the South African team for the final , having run the first leg in the qualifier . South African officials claimed he was omitted on merit , but the double amputee clearly remained unhappy with the decision despite the team 's success . "  Well done to the SA 4x400 relay team , they got a silver . Was really hard watching knowing I deserved to be part of it . Off to my bed , nyt all , " he wrote on this Twitter blog after the race . "  Re all the messages , receiving a lot of questions I dont know the answers to . Have the 2nd fastest time in SA and ran a 45.3 this wk , " he added . In other final action Saturday in South Korea , the United States extended their dominance in the women 's 4 x 400 meter relay , claiming a fourth straight world championship gold ahead of Jamaica and Russia . Kenya 's Asbel Kiprop added the world 1500m title to his Olympic crown as the 22-year-old held off compatriot Silas Kiplagat in the charge for the line . American Matthew Centrowitz took a surprise bronze behind them . Australia 's Sally Pearson stormed to victory in the women 's 100m hurdles in the third fastest time of all time , 12.28 seconds , leaving American pair Danielle Carruthers and Dawn Harper with silver and bronze . In the men 's javelin Matthias de Zordo of Germany shocked defending champion Andreas Thorkildsen to relegate the Norwegian to silver . Russia 's Anna Chicherova won the women 's world high jump title after countback with a best of 2.03 m. Two-time defending champion Blanka Vlasic of Croatia cleared the same height , but had more attempts at earlier heights .	Usain Bolt wins men 's 200m title in Daegu in 19.40 seconds Bolt makes up for false start which saw him lose his 100m world crown Australian Sally Pearson claims gold in women 's 100m hurdles in 12.28 seconds United States win 4 x 400m women 's relay title for fourth straight world championships
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Army and Marine Corps are allowing convicted felons to serve in increasing numbers , newly released Department of Defense statistics show . A U.S Marine keeps a watchful eye in downtown Baghdad . Recruits were allowed to enlist after having been convicted of crimes including assault , burglary , drug possession and making terrorist threats . The statistics were released by Rep. Henry Waxman , a California Democrat who chairs the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . He has given the Pentagon a month to hand over up-to-date details on the number of waivers granted , reports on how the recruits have performed and information about how the waivers are related to meeting recruitment goals . Pentagon statistics show the Army granted 511 felony waivers in 2007 , just over twice the 249 it granted the year before . The Army aims to recruit more than 80,000 new soldiers a year . The Marines -- which recruits fewer new service members each year than the Army -- also reported a rise in waivers for felonies , with 350 granted in 2007 , compared with 208 in 2006 . "  There was a rapid rise in 2007 in the number of waivers the Army and Marine Corps granted to recruits convicted of serious felonies , " Waxman said in a letter Monday to David Chu , the under-secretary of defense for personnel and readiness . "  I understand that there can be valid reasons for personnel waivers and recognize the importance of providing opportunities to individuals who have served their sentences and rehabilitated themselves . "  At the same time , concerns have been raised that the significant increase in the recruitment of persons with criminal records is a result of the strain put on the military by the Iraq war and may be undermining military readiness , " he charged . The Army defended its use of waivers as a response to a changing American society , arguing that only three in 10 Americans of military age "  meet all our stringent medical , moral , aptitude or administrative requirements . " "  Today 's young men and women are more overweight , have a greater incidence of asthma , and are being charged for offenses that in earlier years would n't have been considered a serious offense , and might not have resulted in charges in the first place , " John P. Boyce Jr. of Army Public Affairs said in a statement to CNN . He said the Army never issues waivers for some types of offenses , including sexual violence , alcoholism and drug trafficking . But the Pentagon statistics showed the Army allowed 106 convicted burglars to enlist in 2007 , up from 36 the year before . It also granted waivers to 43 recruits convicted of aggravated assault that year , up from 33 a year before ; and to 130 people convicted of possession of drugs other than marijuana , a rise from 71 in 2006 . It also allowed two people convicted of making terrorist or bomb threats to enlist in 2007 , up from one the year before . The Marines did not immediately respond to request for comment . The Navy reported a slight decline in felony waivers , from 48 in 2006 to 42 in 2007 . The Air Force said it granted no felony waivers in either year . E-mail to a friend	Recruits convicted of assault , drug possession , making terrorist threats allowed in Rep. Henry Waxman : Defense Department has month to explain waivers Army granted 511 felony waivers in 2007 ; Marines granted 350 in 2007 Army defended waivers , saying fewer recruits today meet their standards
CNN  -- Authorities in Azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. Embassy in the capital , Baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public Monday , Azerbaijan and U.S. officials told CNN . The Bibi Heybat Mosque , just outside the capital Baku . As a precaution , Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday "  following security concerns nearby , " Britain 's Foreign Office said . The terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside Baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two U.S. officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for Azerbaijan 's National Security Ministry told CNN . U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack stressed that the details "  are still unfolding , " and the threat "  may or may not be " linked to the Saturday raid . "  There were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the U.S. Embassy there , " McCormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted . Several days ago , an Azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical Islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and 20 hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of Baku , the ministry spokesman and U.S. officials said . Government security forces tracked down the group and arrested several members during a sweep on Saturday in the village of Mastaga , about 20 miles  32 km  northeast of Baku , the spokesman said . One suspected member of the militant group resisted arrest and was killed in the sweep , the spokesman said . Several others are still at large , he added . He said the terror plot also targeted Azerbaijani government buildings . The U.S. Embassy in Baku issued a warden message warning Americans in Azerbaijan to take precautions . "  While there is no information at this time that other American or Western interests in Azerbaijan are being targeted , the U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance and take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security , " it said . Azerbaijan is a former Soviet republic that borders the Caspian Sea , and lies just north of Iran . McCormack said U.S. authorities are working closely with their counterparts in Baku and will determine when normal embassy operations will resume . He said he expects the embassy to limit its operations on Tuesday , as well . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Igor Malakhov in Moscow , Zain Verjee in Washington and Roger Clark in London contributed to this report	Authorities uncover a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. embassy in Baku The United States has reduced its embassy 's operations Britain also shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday
CNN  -- Three people died and two were injured when a small aircraft and a helicopter collided Thursday afternoon at a municipal airport in Frederick , Maryland , according to Frederick County Fire Chief Denise Pouget . Maryland State Police told CNN it "  appeared " to have been an in-flight collision . "  Emergency personnel from Frederick County responded and found two crash scenes , " said Maryland State Police spokesman Greg Shipley . "  A small plane was found in a thin wooded tree line . Two persons were aboard that aircraft both of whom were transported to the Meredith Medical Center in Hagerstown . " "  The other crash scene was about a tenth of a mile from that location where there was a self-storage facility . There was a helicopter that crashed between storage lockers at that location . There were three people confirmed deceased . We do not know if all three were on board the aircraft , " said Shipley . The two survivors taken to a hospital were later discharged , said Meritus Medical Center spokeswoman Joelle Butler . One of the men was uninjured and the other had a laceration to the forehead , said National Transportation Safety Board investigator Brian Rainer . A preliminary incident report released by the Federal Aviation Administration said a Cirrus SR 22 aircraft and an R44 helicopter collided at the southwest corner of Frederick Municipal Airport at about 3:40 p.m. ET . "  It was about a mile from the airport in an open field . It 's an industrial area , " said Pouget . "  The SR22 was inbound to the airport and the helicopter was involved in a training exercise when the accident occurred , " said the FAA . The FlightAware online tracking page showed the plane , with the tail number N122ES , left Cleveland Regional Jetport at 12:47 p.m. ET . The plane was registered to Graeves Auto & Appliance in Olney , Maryland . The helicopter , tail number N7518Q , was registered to Robinson Helicopter Company , Fly for Fun LLC , in Rockville , Maryland . Records indicated it could carry up to four passengers . Audio from air traffic control recordings indicated the aircraft was cleared for landing seconds before the crash . The airport tower control operator can be heard telling the pilot "  three helicopters below you in the traffic pattern " as she directed the pilot to a runway . Moments later , an airport worker can be heard telling the tower operator "  airplane down and helicopter down . " FAA records indicated the plane was a fixed wing , single-engine craft . It had a parachute mechanism which deployed during the crash , as could be seen in video shot by CNN affiliate WJZ . Video showed the plane hanging from trees with an orange and white parachute deployed over a grassy area . Wreckage of a green helicopter could be seen by an airport building . The FAA and the NTSB will investigate . "  We have a helicopter specialist in route and an air traffic control investigator . We may expand the team to include an operation specialist , " said Rainer . CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Greg Seaby , and Greg Clary contributed to this report .	Maryland State Police say it "  appeared " to be an in-flight collision Two people were taken to the hospital but soon discharged Tower control operator told plane pilot there were three helicopters "  below " the plane Helicopter was involved in a training exercise at time of crash
BROOKLINE , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Seth Barrett really enjoys his work . "  I love the variety of projects , " he says . "  I love a new puzzle every day . " Seth Barrett is surrounded by scores of projects in his shop , "  Village Green Renewal . " He 's at his workbench , chisel in hand , shaving bits of wood from one of several chairs brought into his repair shop by a customer . "  She asked me to give them some attention and get them to stay together , " Barrett says . His shop , "  Village Green Renewal , " will fix almost anything that can fit in the front door , as long as it does n't require any kind of special licensing or permits . Barrett hopes that by getting people to repair items instead of replacing them with new ones , it will mean less trash heading for the landfill . "  The aim of the business is really about bringing back a traditional approach to conservation , " says Barrett , "  because , clearly , the single best way to be green is to re-use the things that we already have . " Watch Barrett in his shop " His small shop is tucked into a corner of a building in Brookline , Massachusetts , on the outskirts of Boston . Old glass doorknobs , brass curtain rings and even a 1930s stove are some of the many functional and non-functional items that decorate the walls , cases and every corner . From his workbench , Barrett has a clear view of the pedestrians who pass by . "  Everybody who walks past the window smiles , without fail , " he says , and customers seem to be responding to this unique and somewhat old-fashioned business . "  I think people are really excited too about the prospect of being able to repair these things that have been sitting in their basement forever that were once really special to them , and are , now , almost a sore spot , because it 's just getting dusty and getting no attention . " A customer enters . "  I found another chair for you , " says Beth Harris , hoisting a black and white chair into the shop . She has an old house and if she 's not bringing in a set of chairs that need mending , she might be in looking for an unusual hardware item that Barrett probably has . "  It 's great to have a resource that 's right in the neighborhood , " Harris says . Toasters , chairs and lamps are some of the things Barrett commonly fixes . But , occasionally , an odd item like a fancy purse or an old typewriter comes in . "  The more interesting the item is , the more time I 'll spend on it off the clock , " Barrett says . If he 's really intrigued by the repair , he says , "  I sit and keep playing with this thing because it 's cool . " What would be the most unusual request ? "  The pigs win it , hands down , " Barrett says , referring to a pair of leather pigs that needed some serious stitching up . He worked on them for many more hours than he actually billed because he enjoyed figuring out how to do it . Besides , as Barrett points out , "  How often do you see two giant leather pigs ? " For years , Barrett worked in large construction projects , renovating houses and building additions , but there was something about it that bothered him . "  I 've always been made upset by all the bits of construction that go in the trash , and all the interesting stuff is overlooked because it takes time , " he says . "  Large-scale construction is fraught with tremendous waste and no time to attention and beauty . " That 's what draws him to these small , simple projects -- not only is he providing a service , but he also is an integral part of the community he grew up in , his home being about 700 feet away from the shop . Barrett feels a bond with many of his customers , because every item that comes in has a story that comes with it , and he 's more than happy to hear that story . He enjoys working with the small details and says his job is very peaceful . "  I 'm not trying to change the world . I 'm just trying to bring something beautiful to my little corner of it . "	"  Village Green Renewal " aims to fix most anything that is brought in Shop owner says repairing items will result in less junk for landfills Every once in a while , odd items -- like leather pigs -- are brought in Items that arrive at the shop are often accompanied by a story
CNN  -- Casey Anthony 's defense team was expected to call more witnesses Friday , a day after presenting testimony that seemed to try to create doubts about forensic evidence presented earlier in the case . On Thursday , the first day the defense began calling witness , Anthony 's attorney Jose Baez called several to testify about the evidence . Two of them were FBI examiner Heather Seubert and Orange County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office crime scene technician Gerardo Bloise who said that testing found no blood on any of Anthony 's clothes , in her car trunk or in the interior of the car . Prosecutors allege that Anthony , 25 , killed Caylee in 2008 by using chloroform on her and putting duct tape over her nose and mouth . They allege she then put the little girl 's body in black garbage bags and stored it in her trunk before dumping it in woods near her home . Caylee 's skeletal remains were found December 11 , 2008 . Although she was last seen June 16 of that year , her disappearance was not reported until July 15 , after Anthony 's mother demanded answers from her daughter about Caylee 's whereabouts . Anthony faces seven counts in Caylee 's death , including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading investigators . If convicted , she could face the death penalty . She has pleaded not guilty , and her defense attorney has said that when all the facts are known , his client 's innocence will become clear . The defense has said Caylee was not killed but rather drowned in the family pool June 16 . Baez told jurors in his opening statements that Anthony and her father , George Anthony , panicked when they discovered the body and covered up her death . George Anthony rejected that scenario in his testimony the first week of the trial . Bloise discussed the execution of a search warrant at the Anthony home on August 6 , 2008 , and his duties , which were to examine the clothing in Anthony 's closet with an alternative light source for any stains . Bloise testified that no stains were found on the pants Anthony wore June 16 , 2008 , the day Caylee was last seen . However , he acknowledged to prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick on cross-examination that Anthony 's mother , Cindy , told authorities she had washed the pants after that day . Seubert , who was a forensic DNA examiner for the FBI in 2008 , told jurors in the Orlando courtroom that testing showed an indication of possible female DNA on a shovel . Previously , the Anthonys ' next-door neighbor , Brian Burner , testified that Anthony asked to borrow the shovel from him June 18 , 2008 , saying she wanted to dig up a bamboo root . Burner said she returned the shovel shortly afterward . However , Seubert said the amount on the shovel was so small she could draw no scientific conclusions from it . Testing showed no blood present in Casey Anthony 's trunk , she said . "  If a method is used to kill someone that does n't involve bloodshed , then the absence of blood does n't really say it did n't happen , correct ? " prosecutor Jeff Ashton asked Seubert . "  Correct , " she replied . "  I ca n't speak to whether it happened or not . " But she told Baez that as fluids leave the body during decomposition , it is likely that blood could be among them -- if there is a hole in the plastic bag holding a body , for instance . Seubert also tested three pieces of duct tape found at the scene where Caylee 's remains were recovered , two of them covering the mouth portion of her remains . She testified that a DNA profile generated on the outside of the tape matched another FBI forensic examiner , Lorie Gottesman . Testing on the inside of the tape was inconclusive , but a possible indication of DNA there did not appear to match Caylee , Casey Anthony or George Anthony , she said . Outdoor elements such as sunshine and water can degrade DNA , she said . Also testifying Thursday was Ronald Murdock , a supervisor in the Orange County Sheriff 's Office forensics unit . Murdock testified that a piece of cardboard with a heart-shaped sticker on it was found about 30 feet from where Caylee 's skull was discovered . An FBI technician previously testified that heart-shaped adhesive was seen on the duct tape covering the mouth portion of the remains . Sheets of heart-shaped stickers have been introduced into evidence after being found at the Anthony home , but FBI analysis showed that the sticker found near the remains did not match those taken from the home . Gottesman testified that she examined the duct tape for any heart-shaped sticker residue but was unable to see it , even using specialized tools . She said she had no idea how her DNA wound up on the duct tape . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas , Ilana Rosenbluth and Michael Christian contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Casey Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , in 2008 Anthony faces seven counts in Caylee 's death , including first-degree murder Her defense maintains the child drowned in the Anthony pool
CNN  -- Is Whitney Houston a hero ? New Jersey citizens -- and Whitney fans and haters alike -- have been debating this question since Gov. Chris Christie announced he would fly the state 's flags at half-staff for the singer Saturday as mourners attend her funeral in Newark , New Jersey . Christie 's decision has been widely criticized -- 77 % of USA Today readers called it "  inappropriate " in one informal and unscientific poll . But he has strongly defended the order , hailing Houston as "  a daughter of New Jersey " who should be honored for her "  cultural contributions . " For decisions like this , there is a federal "  Flag Code , " which stipulates only that the flag be flown at half-staff to honor deaths of certain public officials , adding that governors can honor members of the government or military from their state . Opinion : Whitney Houston 's glorious voice But regardless of what the official code says , the standards around flag-flying have been fuzzy for years . Most of Christie 's prior orders to lower the flag have honored service members killed in combat , yet he issued the same order after the death of Clarence Clemons , the saxophonist for Bruce Springsteen 's E Street Band . Frank Sinatra received the honor years earlier . So there 's some precedent here for musicians , and Houston 's astronomical album sales certainly make the case for her cultural influence . Her ascent from humble Garden State roots to pop superstardom offers a source of pride for Christie and other New Jerseyites . And flying a flag at half-staff could provide a form of collective mourning , a way to rally a community around things they share -- like a hometown hero whose music touched countless people throughout the state and around the world . Is all that enough to merit an honor usually reserved for people who 've performed tremendous services -- and made incomparable sacrifices -- for their country ? True , Houston 's rendition of "  The Star-Spangled Banner " is by far the most acclaimed  and best-selling  recording of the national anthem by a pop singer . But should that enter her into the ranks of American heroes ? Indeed , giving this honor to Houston seems to illustrate what psychologists Zeno Franco and Philip Zimbardo have called our increasingly "  watered-down " view of heroism . Franco and Zimbardo argue that we pay a cultural price when we praise athletes and celebrities as "  heroes " : We lose sight of the strong moral qualities that should define heroism , and we lose touch with what it takes to nurture more demanding forms of heroism . "  By diminishing the ideal of heroism , " they write , "  we keep ourselves from confronting the older , more demanding forms of this ideal . We do not have to challenge ourselves to see if , when faced with a situation that called for courage , we would meet that test . " Through their research , Franco and Zimbardo have come up with their own criteria for what constitutes a hero . For one thing , heroism entails some type of quest , for example to save a life or to uphold a principle . It also involves real sacrifice or risk , including a risk of one 's own life . Who meets these standards ? The 30 service members for whom Christie has lowered the flag clearly do . Whitney Houston clearly does not . In fact , the sad truth is that for more than a decade , Whitney Houston sat on the end of the moral spectrum opposite from presidents and war heroes . Her struggles with drug addiction and her troubled marriage to Bobby Brown tarnished her public image . She became an object of scorn and derision . And , ultimately , I suspect that this is part of the reason we 're seeing such effusive tributes to her now . Yes , some critics of Christie 's half-staff decision say it sends the wrong message to give this level of recognition to someone with a history of substance abuse . But I ca n't shake the feeling that the official , government-sanctioned respect Houston is getting in her death is on some level a reaction to all the insults she endured in her life . When Houston 's life and voice fell apart , many of her onetime fans and longtime critics showed little sympathy . The flag flying at half-staff feels like a way not just to honor her virtues as an artist , but to show remorse for how she was treated as a person . "  What I would say to everybody is , ` There but for the grace of God go I , ' " Christie said . But I do n't remember any politician embracing her as "  New Jersey 's daughter " after she did her embarrassing "  crack is wack " interview with Diane Sawyer , after she checked into rehab , or after Brown was charged with physically abusing her . In that light , a flag flying at half-staff seems more like an apology than an honor -- an act of contrition for spurning a women who suffered addiction and abuse . Behind the tributes lies guilt and , too late , some compassion . Christie says he believes people are questioning his decision because of Houston 's drug problems . But maybe it 's partly because of her troubles , not in spite of them , that she 's being honored . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Marsh .	Flags are flying at half-staff in New Jersey to honor Whitney Houston Gov. Chris Christie 's decision to honor singer in this way received some criticism Jason Marsh : Whitney Houston may not have fit definition of those normally honored this way He says the honor shows remorse for failing to support her in her troubles
Madrid  CNN  -- A court in Spain on Friday dropped the most serious charge facing Princess Cristina , a sister of King Felipe VI , raising the possibility that she could avoid a court trial in a financial scandal . The Provincial Court in Palma de Mallorca threw out a charge of money laundering but allowed two charges of tax fraud to stand , according to the court order . It was not immediately clear whether the alleged crimes , as charged , would mean a trial for the princess . A magistrate who has been investigating the financial scandal for several years will have to determine whether to do so , an official at the court told CNN . A court trial of a member of the Spanish royal family would be unprecedented . The case centers on the nonprofit Noos foundation , which received millions of dollars in government contracts to stage sports and tourism events . The magistrate , Judge Jose Castro , investigated whether part of that money may have been diverted for private use by the princess and her husband , Inaki de Urdangarin , who is also charged . Through their legal teams , both have denied any wrongdoing . Before the three-judge panel issued its 160-page ruling Friday -- in response to appeals by various parties to the case -- the court official , by custom not identified , had told CNN that the princess almost certainly would have faced trial if the court had upheld all three charges against her . But since only the two counts of alleged tax fraud still stand , Castro must decide whether to apply a legal precedent in Spain that if the state prosecutor was n't pressing charges for tax fraud , which is the situation for the princess , then no trial would be held . A small union called Manos Limpias , or Clean Hands , is alone in pressing the tax fraud charges against her , as a kind of private prosecution , permitted in Spain . The Supreme Court previously ruled in a separate case that a private charge alone was not strong enough to force a tax fraud trial . Urdangarin and some 15 other defendants who are charged in the case are expected to face trial , the court official said . The judge has not set a trial date yet .	NEW : Magistrate in the case must decide whether Princess Cristina will stand trial Court in Palma de Mallorca throws out a charge of money laundering But Princess Cristina still faces two charges relating to alleged tax fraud It is not clear whether the remaining charges are serious enough to require a trial
CNN  -- In the wake of the tragic shootings at Columbine High School , some schools across the country turned themselves into near-fortresses . Kindergarden students huddle beneath desks in a lockdown drill . Such drills have become common . They installed metal detectors and security cameras , banned backpacks , required students to carry IDs and posted police in the hallways -- all in the name of keeping students safe . Now , 10 years after those highly publicized shootings in which two young men killed 13 people and themselves , school security has taken another dramatic turn . Some of the noticeable security measures remain , but experts say the country is exploring a new way to protect kids from in-school violence : administrators now want to foster school communities that essentially can protect themselves with or without the high-tech gear . "  The first and best line of defense is always a well-trained , highly alert staff and student body , " said Kenneth Trump , president of National School Safety and Security Services , an Ohio-based firm specializing in school security . "  The No. 1 way we find out about weapons in schools is not from a piece of equipment -LSB- such as a metal detector -RSB- but from a kid who comes forward and reports it to an adult that he or she trusts . " See how many homicides have occurred in schools since 1992 " The Obama administration plans to create secure schools indirectly , by improving overall education , getting kids more involved in their studies and strengthening school communities , said William Modzeleski , a high-ranking official in the U.S. Department of Education who handles school security . The trend is reflected in security funding , some of which comes from federal grants . Allocations for the Department of Education 's Safe and Drug-Free Schools program were cut by a third between 1999 and 2008 , to about $ 294.8 million last year . And a program that has put about 6,300 police officers in public schools since Columbine was scrapped by the U.S. Department of Justice after 2005 , according to Corey Ray , a spokesman for the department . Ray said he 's hopeful President Obama 's stimulus package will put more police officers in schools . They act as law enforcement officers as well as counselors and mentors to students , he said . Meanwhile , money for a school counseling grant program has increased since Columbine , with $ 52 million set aside for this fiscal year , compared to $ 20 million in 2000 , the first year the program was funded , according to budget numbers compiled for CNN by the Department of Education . So while there 's more money available for counseling , there 's still been a steady decline in federal spending for other aspects of school security . Some critics say a lack of available funding for high-tech security upgrades may be behind the shift toward less-costly and more indirect violence prevention measures . "  Right now , the economic situation is affecting -LSB- school security funding -RSB- . Particularly the technology components of security are going to suffer because there 's just not going to be the money to do these kinds of things , " said Dan Domenech , executive director of the American Association of School Administrators . "  We 're in the process of laying off teachers and staff . " Trump , the security consultant in Ohio , said schools have lost their focus on security since Columbine . But he added that many effective security programs cost little or no money -- only the time it takes to train teachers and students how to spot potential problems and how to react if a shooting were to occur . While metal detectors may not be the best tools to prevent school shootings , they still can be useful in some crime-ridden school districts and , along with security cameras , should not be abandoned entirely , Modzeleski said . Some evidence suggests strong school communities -- where kids feel like they can come forward with problems -- can prevent violent crime . A 2008 Secret Service report found that in more than 80 percent of instances of school violence , at least one person , usually a fellow student or peer , had knowledge of the attackers ' plans . If people who suspect a problem feel comfortable enough in school to tell a teacher or a principal , then attacks could be prevented , Modzeleski said . After Columbine , many states and school districts made quick moves to increase school security , experts say . Modzeleski said this was a "  kneejerk " reaction to the tragic , but rare , event ; and a decade later , policies are settling into a middle ground . "  Immediately after any of these incidents I think there 's the immediate rush for more security , " he said . "  That 's what I would call the kneejerk reaction to any type of these events : ` We need more cops ; we need more metal detectors ; we need more cameras . ' After that settles in , I think people come to their senses and say , ` Hey , if we 're going to keep our kids safe in schools , we need more than that . ' " iReport.com : How did Columbine affect you ? After Columbine , some states started requiring schools to prepare for school shootings with lockdown drills , much in the way they prepare for fires or other disasters . About once a month in Fort Wayne , Indiana , public and private school students pull down window shades and huddle in the back corners of dark classrooms while their schools go into lockdown mode , said John Weicker , security director at Fort Wayne Community Schools . A school administrator roams the halls to make sure all doors are locked and all students are hidden from what might be a school shooter if this scenario was not a drill . "  You 're training the kids , " Weicker said . Similar drills -- which , in some states , are attended by armed and masked SWAT teams -- are now practiced routinely in nearly three-quarters of schools , according to a recent survey of 445 administrators funded by the American Association of School Administrators . It 's difficult to say whether these policies are working , but by some measures , school safety has improved in the decade since Columbine . Watch parents remember children lost at Columbine " On average , there have been about half as many deaths per year since Columbine as in the seven school years before the tragedy , according to a 2007 report from the National Center for Education Statistics and the Bureau of Justice Statistics . In the school year immediately following the Columbine shootings , the number of in-school homicides dropped from 33 in the 1998-1999 school year to 13 in the 1999-2000 year , the report says . Several experts say the tragedy brought awareness to the issue of school security , which on the whole has been positive . They worry , however , that attention has been waning in the past few years . A 17-year-old student in Fort Wayne , Indiana , however , said that while he is reassured by tight school security , it 's a good thing that the Columbine shootings rarely enter his mind . "  There 's a couple times that we 'll talk about it in like a history class , " said Travis Armstrong , a high school junior . "  Because that did happen back a while ago , and therefore it is considered history . "	10 years after Columbine , schools are taking a new look at security Immediately after the shootings , schools added cameras and metal detectors Now they 're trying to foster safer and better school communities Meanwhile , overall funding for school security has dropped by about a third
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama signed landmark legislation Monday giving the Food and Drug Administration new power to regulate the manufacturing , marketing and sale of tobacco . President Obama says the new law "  represents change that 's been decades in the making . " The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act gives the FDA power to ban candy-flavored and fruit-flavored cigarettes , widely considered appealing to first-time smokers , including youths . It also prohibits tobacco companies from using terms such as "  low tar , " "  light " or "  mild , " requires larger warning labels on packages , and restricts advertising of tobacco products . It also requires tobacco companies to reduce levels of nicotine in cigarettes . The new law "  represents change that 's been decades in the making , " Obama said during a bill-signing ceremony in the White House Rose Garden . "  The decades-long effort to protect our children -LSB- has -RSB- emerged victorious . ... Today , change has come . " Despite a significant decrease in the percentage of Americans who smoke in recent decades , more than 400,000 Americans still die from tobacco-related illnesses every year , the president noted . Tobacco-related health care costs exceed $ 100 billion annually . Altria Group , which owns Philip Morris USA , the nation 's biggest cigarette company , previously called congressional passage of the law "  an important step forward . " At the same time , however , it also expressed "  First Amendment reservations about certain provisions , including those that could restrict a manufacturer 's ability to communicate truthful information to adult consumers about tobacco products . " Phillip Morris makes such brands as Marlboro , Virginia Slims , Chesterfield and Basic . A narrow majority of adult Americans opposes the law , according to a Gallup Poll released Monday . Fifty-two percent of Americans -- including most smokers -- are opposed to the measure , while 46 percent support it . The survey was conducted June 14-17 . Before signing the bill , the president acknowledged the struggle that young people in particular face when they try to stop smoking . "  I know because I was one of those teenagers . I know how difficult it can be when you get started at a young age , " he said .	Law gives FDA power to ban candy-flavored and fruit-flavored cigarettes Also prohibits companies from using terms such as "  low tar , " "  light " or "  mild " 400,000 + Americans die from tobacco-related illnesses each year , Obama notes
CNN  -- On Tuesday , President Barack Obama was at the Capitol , joining leaders of Congress to dedicate a statue in honor of the "  Mother of the Civil Rights Movement , " Alabama 's Rosa Parks . About the same time , across the street at the Supreme Court , an Alabama lawyer was arguing that a key provision of the Voting Rights Act -- the consequence and legacy of the Civil Rights Movement -- was unnecessary and unconstitutional . The irony lies not only in the timing or juxtaposition , but the institutions . On December 1 , 1955 , Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat when a white bus driver ordered her to move . Twelve years earlier , the same driver had grabbed her coat sleeve and pushed her off his bus for trying to enter through the front rather than the back door . This time he said , "  Well , if you do n't stand up , I 'm going to have to call the police and have you arrested . " She replied , "  You may do that . " Her arrest led to a 381-day boycott of Montgomery buses by the black community . The boycott propelled the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. to prominence as a civil rights leader . And the arrest of Parks and the boycott she inspired led to a civil law suit , Browder v. Gayle , in which the Supreme Court declared the Alabama and Montgomery laws requiring segregated buses unconstitutional . It took Congress 10 years to catch up to the Supreme Court , when it passed the Voting Rights Act in 1965 . Although Alabama 's at it again with the new challenge , this time it seems the conservative majority of the Supreme Court wants to roll back the clock . Frank C. Ellis Jr. , the attorney for plaintiff Shelby County , argues that Congress exceeded its authority in 2006 when it reauthorized Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act for another 25 years . Toobin : Chief justice out to end affirmative action Section 5 is the heart of the VRA . Areas of the country with a history of voter suppression and intimidation -- determined decades ago by a formula devised by Congress -- must submit any changes in their election laws to the Department of Justice for clearance . The jurisdictions covered include six Southern states , Alaska and parts of other states , including California , Florida , New Hampshire and sections of New York City . Congress did extensive research before reauthorizing the act in 2006 , and recent studies prove Section 5 works well in targeting places where discriminatory voter practices exist . This is evidenced by successful lawsuits brought under Section 2 of the VRA , which bars "  voting qualification " that "  results in a denial or abridgment of the right of any citizen of the United States to vote on account of race or color . " As Justice Elena Kagan pointed out , "  under any formula that Congress could devise , " Alabama would still be a targeted state . But neither facts , history or legal precedent deterred Justice Antonin Scalia from deciding he alone would be better qualified to do Congress ' job . He said last week that Section 5 amounted to a "  perpetuation of racial entitlement " that "  will be re-enacted in perpetuity unless a court can say it does not comport with the Constitution . ... It 's a concern that this is not the kind of a question you can leave to Congress ... even the Virginia senators ... are going to lose votes if they do not re-enact . " So , protecting the right to vote -- not just of blacks , by the way , but of Native Americans in Alaska , Hispanics in California , and even French-speaking Americans in New Hampshire -- is a "  racial entitlement . " And legislative questions ca n't be left to Congress . And -- horrors ! -- a senator 's vote might be influenced by how the citizens he represents will respond . After all , that democracy thing might interfere with Scalia 's judicial fiats . Four years ago , Chief Justice John Roberts wrote , with respect to Section 5 , that "  things have changed in the South . " Really ? Tell that to the citizens of the five Florida counties covered by Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act . This year , Florida tried to cut early voting hours in those counties . A panel of federal judges refused to allow it , thanks to Section 5 .  Guess who would have been disenfranchised if the cutback had gone through ? A panel of federal judges in Texas also knows that times have not changed . That 's why they rejected , again under Section 5 , a new photo ID law that would have imposed "  strict , unforgiving burdens " on poor and minority voters . Under that proposal , by the way , you could vote with a gun license but not a student or veteran 's ID . Another justice , last week , raised the specter of "  state sovereignty . " A little history , courtesy of President Abraham Lincoln , in remarks to Congress given on July 4 , 1861 : " ... no one of our states , except Texas , ever was a sovereignty ; and even Texas gave up the character on coming into the Union ... "  As did Hawaii . Much as Scalia and his cohorts would like to legislate -- or dictate -- from the bench , the Supreme Court can only decide if a law is constitutional . And as a Harvard Law Review essay argues , Congress authorized preclearance -- Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act -- under Section 5 of the 14th Amendment . And that makes it constitutional . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : The high court heard arguments on Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act Section 5 protects people in parts of nation from voter intimidation , she says She says Justice Scalia questioned "  racial entitlement " of Section 5 Brazile : Voter suppression attempts continue ; Consitiution calls for Section 5 's protections
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexico City 's thousands of stores went green Wednesday , as amended ordinances on solid waste now outlaw businesses from giving out thin plastic bags that are not biodegradable . Mexico City stores , such as this supermarket , can no longer give out non-biodegradable plastic bags . The law affects all stores , production facilities and service providers within the Federal District , which encompasses the city limits . Nearly 9 million people live inside the district and another 10 million reside in surrounding communities that make up greater Mexico City . Mexico City becomes the second large metropolitan area in the Western Hemisphere to outlaw the bags . San Francisco in March 2007 enacted an ordinance that gave supermarkets six months and large chain pharmacies about a year to phase out the bags . Los Angeles is set to impose a ban if the state of California does not enact a statewide 25-cent fee per bag by July . About 90 percent of the bags used in the United States are not recycled . Bans and other restrictions on plastic bags are in place in several countries . China has adopted a strict limit , reducing litter and eliminating the use of 40 billion bags , the World Watch Institute said , citing government estimates . Although compliance has been spotty , violation of the law carries a possible fine of 10,000 yuan  $ 1,463  , World Watch said . In Tanzania , selling the bags carries a maximum six-month jail sentence and a fine of 1.5 million shilling  $ 1,137  . Mumbai , India , outlawed the bags in 2000 and cities in Australia , Italy , South Africa and Taiwan have imposed bans or surcharges . Ireland reported cutting use of the bags by 90 percent after imposing a fee on each one . Some leading environmentalists are calling for a global ban on the bags . Achim Steiner , executive director of the United Nations Environment Program , says plastic bags are the second-most-common form of litter , behind cigarette butts . The bags are the greatest form of litter on the globe 's oceans , the U.N. agency said in a recent report . The bags are also a major threat to ocean wildlife , causing the deaths of 100,000 sea turtles and other marine animals that mistake them for food . "  Thin-film , single-use plastic bags , which choke marine life , should be banned or phased out rapidly everywhere , " Steiner said in June . "  There is simply zero justification for manufacturing them anymore , anywhere . " Mexico City , which has had some of the worst air pollution in the world , also is looking at improving its environment in other ways . The municipal government announced this month it will place more than 1,100 bicycles at 84 stations throughout the city for residents to use . Officials said they hope to increase bicycle use as a form of transportation to 5 percent , up from the current 1.2 percent .	Mexico City is Western Hemisphere 's second large metro area to ban the bags Move comes as leading environmentalists call for global ban U.N. agency : Plastic bags are second-most common form of litter Bags a major threat to ocean wildlife , U.N. agency says
CNN  -- A Tennessee man is facing charges of aggravated sexual exploitation of a minor for what authorities say are three pictures -- none of them featuring an actual child 's body . Instead , according to testimony presented at Michael Wayne Campbell 's preliminary hearing in Chattanooga , Tennessee , on Wednesday , the photos feature the faces of three young girls placed on the nude bodies of adult females , CNN affiliate WDEF reported . Hamilton County Det. Michael Cox said Campbell told authorities "  he wanted to see what they would look like as adults , " according to WDEF . Two of the faces were of local girls -- a 10-year-old and 12-year-old , the station reported . The third face appears to be Miley Cyrus , 16 , star of Disney 's popular television series "  Hannah Montana " and its big-screen adaptation , "  Hanna Montana : The Movie , " according to WDEF . Investigators do not believe Campbell had any contact with the three girls , but "  when you have the face of a small child affixed to a nude body of a mature woman , it 's going to be the state 's position that this is for sexual gratification and that this is simulated sexual activity , " Assistant District Attorney Dave Denny said during Wednesday 's hearing . Attempts to contact Denny by CNN Wednesday were unsuccessful . Cases like Campbell 's present a unique legal issue . The U.S. Supreme Court in 2002 ruled that "  virtual child pornography , " in which no children were actually harmed , is protected speech and does not constitute a crime . Since then , "  more and more of these guys are using morphed images , image manipulations " in an attempt to circumvent prosecution , Ernie Allen , president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , said Wednesday . Such attempts are not always successful , Allen said , as charges can still be filed under obscenity laws or other statutes . Also , other avenues can be pursued when the faces used are those of real , identifiable people , he said . "  We see it all the time , " Allen said . "  It makes it harder for law enforcement . It makes it tougher for prosecutors . " "  It 's definitely on the increase , " said Justin Fitzsimmons , a former prosecutor and senior attorney with the National Center for the Prosecution of Child Abuse , part of the National District Attorneys ' Association . "  People are trying to come up with creative ways to continue to sexually exploit children using digital evidence . " Generally , what is seen is the "  Photoshop effect , " in which people use the face of a child on an adult body or vice versa in an effort to get around the law , he said . Nearly every state , however , has adopted a law in response to the Supreme Court decision in the case , Fitzsimmons said . For instance , Tennessee 's laws state that in prosecuting the offense of sexual exploitation of a minor , "  the state is not required to prove the actual identity or age of the minor . " As to the success of such prosecutions , "  there have not been a huge number of them , " Allen said . While some have been successful and won convictions , many such cases are still in the appellate process . Fitzsimmons said he believes it is too soon to gauge the success or failure of prosecutorial efforts , as the cases "  are just being challenged now . " "  It really is sort of a blending of technology and the law , " he said , and predicted such issues would become more common as society becomes more and more high-tech and technology is increasingly used in the commission of crimes . Campbell was bound over to a grand jury , according to Hamilton County online court records .	Pictures of girls ' faces on photos of adult nude bodies lead to charges Investigators do not believe Campbell had any contact with the three girls Child 's face attached to pictures indicates "  simulated sexual activity , " official says "  Virtual pornography " cases such as this present a unique legal issue
CNN  -- "  Obviously , first of all , this conversation never took place . ... OK ? " Financier Bernard Madoff is serving a 150-year prison term for defrauding thousands of investors . So began a phone call in which convicted swindler Bernard Madoff told colleagues how to dance around questions from the Securities and Exchange Commission , according to an audiotape and transcript released Wednesday by the Massachusetts secretary of state 's office . "  You know , you do n't have to be too brilliant with these guys , because you do n't have to be , " Madoff said , referring to SEC investigators . Authorities continue to unravel the far-reaching Ponzi scheme masterminded by Madoff that bankrupted some once-wealthy investors and forced many nonprofit groups and foundations to shut down or make drastic cuts . At one point , Madoff interrupted the conversation to take another phone call . He returned and said , "  I 'm sorry . If I get any more solicitations for charity , I 'm going to kill myself . " Watch what else Madoff said " Madoff , 71 , was convicted of operating a Ponzi scheme and defrauding thousands of investors . He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 150 years in prison in June . Prosecutors have said it was the largest investor fraud ever committed by a single person , totaling more than $ 50 billion in losses to investors . Amit Vijayvergiya , chief risk officer of the Fairfield Greenwich Group , was included in the taped phone call . It was n't immediately clear when the call was made . Fairfield Greenwich Group reached an $ 8 million settlement this week with the Massachusetts Securities Division in connection with the Madoff scandal . State regulators sued Fairfield for misleading investors and acting as a feeder fund to Madoff 's Ponzi scheme . With the settlement , Massachusetts dropped fraud charges against the company . Thursday , representatives for the Fairfield Greenwich Group released a statement noting that the company asked the SEC for permission to speak to Madoff ahead of an SEC interview . "  Madoff 's much-quoted line -- ` Obviously , first of all , this conversation never took place ' -- was completely ignored by Fairfield Greenwich , " the statement said . "  Rather than take Madoff 's suggestion to conceal the call , Fairfield Greenwich executives did the opposite . They told the SEC about the call and answered all questions accurately . " "  Any implication that the Madoff call affected Fairfield 's responses to the SEC is demonstrably false , " the statement added . "  There is no suggestion or allegation that anyone at Fairfield Greenwich tried to mislead the SEC . " In the phone call , Madoff cautioned his Fairfield associates not to know too much about how he was handling investments . "  You do n't want to have that information because ... the commission , when they ask questions , they try and draw out information , " Madoff said . "  The less that you know how we execute ... the better you are . " Before running out of money in December , Madoff sent statements to victims , claiming that their investments had grown several times over . In actuality , he had stolen , not invested , their money . Investigators said they think he had run the scam since at least the 1980s . In the phone conversation with Fairfield , Madoff said he called the shots at his company . "  I 'm the only one that can make the decision . ... I 'm the only one that pulls the trigger . " Madoff advised taking a casual approach in dealing with the SEC . He said , if asked , Fairfield executives should minimize the ties between the companies and not volunteer answers . "  They ask you a zillion different questions , and we look at them sometimes and we laugh , and we say , ` Are you guys writing a book ? ' " CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Firm involved in fraud investigation says it was upfront with SEC Tape recording captures Ponzi scheme mastermind giving advice Bernard Madoff tells listeners how to deal with federal investigators "  You do n't have to be too brilliant with these guys , " Madoff says
CNN  -- Game show host and comedian Howie Mandel 's irregular heartbeat scare is over , his publicist said Tuesday . Howie Mandel had an irregular heartbeat , but he did not have a heart attack , his publicist said . "  Howie has been released from the hospital and will be back at work tomorrow , " said Lewis Kay . "  He appreciates everyone 's concern . " Mandel , 53 , checked into a Toronto hospital Monday so doctors could monitor his condition , Kay said . He was in Toronto , filming segments for a new show "  Howie Do It . " The hour-long prank show debuted on NBC Friday . Mandel is the host of the American version of the game show "  Deal or No Deal , " which has brought huge ratings for NBC .	NEW : Howie Mandel released from Toronto hospital Host of "  Deal or No Deal " had been admitted with irregular heartbeat Comedian was in Toronto , Canada , filming segments for a new show , "  Howie Do It "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When it comes to priorities , many polls suggest Americans want President-elect Barack Obama to fix the economy first when he enters the Oval Office in a little more than two months . A poster this week in Los Angeles , California , depicts President-elect Barack Obama as Superman . Getting Congress to approve tax cuts promised on the campaign trail may be a good start toward tackling the problem , analysts say . If that goes well , experts say , the political momentum will help make it easier for Obama to keep his other campaign promises on alternative energy and getting health care for millions . "  In Washington , winning leads to winning , and losing breeds losing , " said Stuart Rothenberg of the nonpartisan The Rothenberg Political Report . However , setting priorities often means navigating treacherous waters . Watch the challenges facing Obama " "  Between now and inauguration , every group in the country is going to lay down their marker as to what they think should be done , what they need , what they want and how they got him elected , " Rothenberg said , adding , "  This is a very fine line with various constituencies . Everybody wants a piece of Barack Obama . " In the first 100 days , a president 's agenda easily can be derailed , especially if he provokes a fight with Congress . Election T-shirt : Obama inspires historic victory In 1993 , President Clinton set out to undo the ban on gays in the military -- a move that top military leaders strenuously opposed . The resulting fight led to the "  Do n't Ask , Do n't tell " policy that remains in place today . Watch Clinton 's former chief of staff talk about the transition " David Gergen , an adviser to four presidents , including Clinton , sees that move as a stumble that distracted Clinton from accomplishing his agenda . "  Bill Clinton , as talented as he was , and he was enormously talented , came in with some uncertainty about where to go each week , each month , and there was a certain amount of flailing , " Gergen said , also a CNN senior political analyst . "  He lost his footing ; he regained it later on , but his start was not as clean . It 's really important to hit the ground running as president if you want to accomplish a lot , " Gergen added . Democrats ' expectations of the new president-elect are running high . Watch how Obama may build his Cabinet " "  They do n't think he 's merely going to be president , " Rothenberg said . "  They think he 's been elected savior . " He added , "  And so if he does not do what they hope he will do , what they expect he will do ... he 'll start getting criticism on the left and on the right . " See who could be named to Obama 's cabinet " Gergen said , "  Barack Obama has to avoid dilly-dallying , not being certain about where he 's going to go . "  I must say about Barack Obama , he 's one of the most strategic and disciplined political leaders we 've had in a long time . "	Quick victories on taxes , economic issues could lead to later success , analysts say President-elect Barack Obama may need to manage expectations "  They think he 's been elected savior , " one analyst says of Democrats Ex-presidential adviser : Obama must hit the ground running if he is to be successful
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- You must know what 's really driving the immigration debate . It 's the culture , stupid . Ruben Navarrette Jr. : Some opponents of immigration , even the legal kind , fear changes in local culture . Immigration restrictionists -- and by that , I mean those who want to limit all immigration , even the legal kind -- like to pretend they 're so high-minded . Yet they ca n't help themselves . They always take the low road and harken back to the nativism that greeted earlier waves of immigrants . The restrictionists insist that what bothers them are merely practical concerns : that our borders are n't secure , that so many immigrants are coming into the country illegally , and that the new arrivals are burdening schools and draining social services once they get here . Really ? If that 's the extent of it , then why does the conversation quickly turn to the impact -- both real and perceived -- that immigrants have on American culture through everything from taco trucks to Spanish-language billboards . That seems to be the issue in North Dakota , where , according to a recent article in USA Today , towns facing tough economic times are nonetheless resisting a cultural transfusion that could save them . In Cooperstown , the locals opposed efforts to bring in a hog plant and a dairy , because those kind of dirty and hard jobs are likely to attract ... guess who ? American kids who work at Starbucks ? Nope . The article quotes Orville Tranby , a local community leader in Cooperstown , who says that some residents have told him "  face to face " that such facilities might attract Hispanic immigrants who could change the local culture . You 'll find the same fear in Lewisburg , Tennessee . Not long ago , an employee at a local library came up with the radical idea of a bilingual story time where children could hear tales read to them in Spanish . Townspeople wanted no part of that . They demanded that all books purchased by the library , or even donated , be in English-only . These stories are ridiculous , but they 're also helpful . They illustrate what some people are really concerned about with immigration , and it goes well beyond words like "  legal " or "  illegal . " It 's the perception that the country is becoming more Hispanic , that Spanish is replacing English , that Hispanic immigrants are weakening American identity , and that Main Street is turning into Little Mexico . A leader of the vigilante Minuteman movement moronically called it the "  colonization " of the United States . This sort of rhetoric is all about fear -- that those who thrive in the dominant culture are losing their primacy , that the mainstream is being polluted by foreigners , and that our children are going to live in a world where they 're going to have to work a lot harder to keep up . It conjures up the alarm bells that Benjamin Franklin set off about German immigrants in the late 18th century , who he insisted could never adopt the culture of the English , but would "  swarm into our Settlements , and by herding together establish their Language and Manners to the Exclusion of ours . " It popped up in the mid-19th century amid worries that Chinese immigrants were "  unassimilable , " which led to Congress approving the explicitly-named Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 . And it helped welcome the 20th century when Massachusetts Sen. Henry Cabot Lodge warned that immigrants  read : the Irish  were diluting "  the quality of  U.S.  citizenship " and others complained that Italian immigrants were uneducated , low skilled , apt to send all their money to their home country and prone to criminal activity . Where have we heard that before ? And when will we hear it again ? After all , Hispanics may be the latest group to find themselves in a culture war with nativists . But they wo n't be the last . Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune and a nationally syndicated columnist . You can read his column here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer . E-mail to a friend	Navarrette : Opponents see Hispanic immigrants as weakening U.S. identity One town demanded all library books be in English , Navarrette says Hispanics the latest to find themselves at center of culture war
CNN  -- Five years ago , to show her gratitude for U.S. troops serving overseas , teenager Kaylee Radzyminski started sending them donated CDs and DVDs . The project grew into her nonprofit , Tunes 4 the Troops , and she was recognized as a CNN Hero in 2008 . At the time , she and her team had collected and shipped 200,000 discs . This week , Tunes 4 the Troops celebrated a major milestone when it prepared its 1 millionth disc for shipment . Radzyminski , now 19 and on an Army ROTC scholarship at Tennessee Tech University , spoke with CNN 's Danielle Berger about reaching this goal . Danielle Berger : Did you do anything special to mark this milestone ? Kaylee Radzyminski : We had a very special guest . One of the guitarists from Lynyrd Skynyrd  Mark Matejka  showed up at our packing party to actually pack the 1 millionth CD . The CD was actually a Lynyrd Skynyrd CD , and he signed it to the troops . Berger : Where will these discs be headed ? Radzyminski : These CDs and DVDs will be going places all over the world . I know for a fact that we have boxes going to the Horn of Africa , which many people do n't know  that  we do have troops there . They 'll be going to Iraq and Afghanistan . Some of the boxes are going to military hospitals in Germany . These CDs are going to all four military branches . They 're going to everybody , because they all serve our country and are all greatly appreciated . Berger : Why was it important to you to continue this work when you went on to college ? Radzyminski : With all the hard work that I had put in , I wanted to make sure it would continue after graduation from high school . The troops have always had a special place in my heart . I 'd do anything for them ... because they sacrifice so much . Even when I graduate  college  , there will still be troops serving overseas . When I graduate , I 'll be one of them . Berger : Tunes 4 the Troops is now based at Tennessee Tech . How does it work ? Radzyminski : Tunes 4 the Troops is part of the Service Learning Center here at the university , so there 's basically a staff and student workers who volunteer for community service hours that are able to work on Tunes 4 the Troops . So this way , Tunes 4 the Troops will be able to continue even once I graduate . It 's a wonderful feeling . I 'm very grateful for Tennessee Tech University . If I could do Tunes 4 the Troops all over again , there 's absolutely nothing I would change , because it has made a difference in so many people 's lives . Berger : Around the holidays last year , Tunes 4 the Troops was included in a story on CNN.com about ways people could donate to charities without giving money . Did you see much response ? Radzyminski : After the CNN article on the 12 ways of giving , we got an increase in donations that helped us reach our 1 million goal . That was definitely one of the big things that helped us knock six months off our goal of collecting 1 million CDs and DVDs .  And  we got some local artists and major record labels to donate as well . It got the word out there that we are still doing this . To donate to Tunes 4 the Troops , visit its website at www.tunes4thetroops.org . To read the original story about Radzyminski , visit her archive page at CNNHeroes.com .	Kaylee Radzyminski , a 2008 CNN Hero , is still shipping CDs and DVDs to U.S. troops Her nonprofit , Tunes 4 the Troops , is about to send its 1 millionth disc overseas The group is run out of Tennessee Tech University , the school Radzyminski attends Radzyminski says she 'll soon be a soldier herself ; she 's on an Army ROTC scholarship
CNN  -- Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is being investigated by a Massachusetts grand jury for possible gun trafficking , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Monday . The news comes one day after Massachusetts State Police served one of Hernandez 's former college teammates , Mike Pouncey , with a subpoena related to the investigation , sources confirmed to CNN . After the Patriots defeated the visiting Miami Dolphins 27-17 at Gillette Stadium , police officers in suits gave Pouncey , a center for the Dolphins , a piece of paper in a hallway between a locker room and the Dolphins ' bus , Sports Illustrated first reported . The gun trafficking investigation deals with illegally transporting weapons across state lines and , in part , involves the discovery of an assault-style rifle hidden in a vehicle rented in Florida and later found in Massachusetts , according to a separate law enforcement source . CNN requested comment from the Dolphins , the NFL , the Massachusetts State Police and the district attorney 's office prosecuting the Hernandez cases in Bristol County , Massachusetts . Representatives from each declined to comment . Hernandez , 23 , was charged in August with first-degree murder in the June shooting death of his friend Odin Lloyd . The grand jury investigating the allegations of gun trafficking is the same one that handed up the murder charge , a source said . Pouncey , 24 , has not been charged in any possible wrongdoing and was asked to appear as a witness . He and his twin brother , Maurkice , both attended the University of Florida with Hernandez . After Hernandez was arrested in June after the execution-style killing of Lloyd , a photo of the Pouncey brothers at a night club wearing baseball caps that read "  Free Hernandez " was posted on Twitter July 14 . Maurkice Pouncey , a center for the Pittsburgh Steelers , later posted a statement , apologizing and saying it "  made light of a serious situation . " According to Sports Illustrated , a Steelers spokesman declined to comment when asked whether Maurkice Pouncey had been served . The Steelers will play at Gillette Stadium on Sunday . Hernandez was arrested in late June , 10 days after authorities say Lloyd , a 27-year-old semi-pro football player , was killed in North Attleborough , Massachusetts . Authorities have said that Hernandez , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment in a rental car shortly before he was found shot to death on June 17 in an industrial park not far from Hernandez 's home . Hernandez pleaded not guilty in September to a charge of first-degree murder . Wallace and Ortiz have pleaded not guilty to charges of being an accessory to murder after the fact . Hernandez is also under investigation by a different grand jury in Boston looking into the unsolved 2012 double homicide of Daniel Abreu and Safiro Furtado outside a Boston nightclub .	Source : Grand jury that handed up murder charges considers gun trafficking allegations Sources : Former college teammate Mike Pouncey served subpoena after game Sunday Second case concerns weapons transported across state lines , second source says Aaron Hernandez also is charged with murder in the June death of Odin Lloyd
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Claims of extortion and laughter-inducing testimony stemming from legal advice on e-mails highlighted Tuesday 's proceedings in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial . Randy Phillips , the chief executive officer of AEG Live , disclosed that his lawyers advised company executives not to review old e-mails before testifying . That strategy could explain the high number of "  I do n't recall " answers by Paul Gongaware , the concert promoter 's co-CEO , during his deposition and six days of testimony that have just concluded . Phillips , who followed Gongaware on the witness stand Tuesday afternoon , said he believed Jackson 's mother and three children were trying to extort money from his company , which he insisted bears no liability in the pop icon 's death in 2009 . The Jacksons ' lawsuit accuses the company of negligently hiring , retaining or supervising Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's drug overdose death . AEG lawyers contend Jackson chose , paid and controlled Murray , who infused him with the surgical anesthetic propofol almost every night for a month to help the singer rest as he prepared for his comeback "  This Is It " concerts . AEG exec : I did n't know Michael Jackson abused drugs Jackson lawyer Brian Panish , who has been previously told by the judge not to argue with witnesses , quickly tangled with Phillips . "  Please do n't argue with me because then I will argue back and get in trouble , " Panish told Phillips at one point . "  Then that 's an incentive for me , " Phillips joked . The feisty chemistry between lawyer and witness promises to keep jurors , who often chuckle at Panish 's courtroom behavior , on the edge of their seats for the next day or so . Gongaware 's testimony was punctuated with so many "  I do n't recall " responses that jurors began laughing at one point . He frequently said he could n't recall sending or reading key e-mails in the case , although his e-mail address was on them . Panish asked Gongaware whether he thought it would have been better for him if he had reviewed documents and e-mails before testifying . "  I relied on the advice of my attorney , " he said . With his testimony concluded , Gongaware will resume his responsibilities as tour manager for the Rolling Stones . "  All this legal stuff , I do n't understand it , " he said . What killed Elvis ? It 's a question at Michael Jackson 's death trial Phillips , a law school dropout , seemed ready to rumble when he entered court after Gongaware . But he acknowledged that until two weeks ago , he had not looked at any of his old e-mails to refresh his memory . "  They felt it would be better if I went in without preparation , " he said , referring to his lawyers . AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putman said outside of court that the volume of documents they would have needed to review was massive , making it impossible for them to prepare . E-mails that AEG Live executives sent and received in the months before Jackson 's death include one in which Phillips assures show director Kenny Ortega that the company has "  checked out " Murray and found him to be very successful . AEG Live executives later acknowledged they did not do a background check on Murray , who a police detective testified was in debt for more than $ 1 million dollars and faced foreclosure on his home . "  I wrote it in the e-mail that I thought at the time he had been checked out , " Phillips testified Tuesday . He wrote that Murray was successful "  because that 's what I was told , " he said . "  In retrospect , it 's not 100 % true , " Phillips said . "  There 's what I thought at the time versus what I learned afterwards . " Phillips , Gongaware and other AEG Live executives ignored red flags that should have alerted them that Jackson 's life was in danger , the Jackson lawsuit contends . Murray signed and faxed his $ 150,000-a-month contract back to AEG Live , but with Jackson 's death the next day on June 25 , 2009 , Phillips did n't sign it . AEG lawyers argue that means it was not a fully executed agreement and Murray was never hired by them . Promoter grilled about ` smoking gun ' e-mail	AEG Live CEO Randy Phillip is testifying in the Jackson wrongful death trial Feisty chemistry between Jacksons ' lawyer and Phillips should keep jurors attention AEG lawyers advised him not to review old e-mails before testimony , exec says The Jacksons accuse AEG Live of negligently hiring Dr. Conrad Murray
CNN  -- While we officially celebrate the 150th anniversary of the publication of Charles Darwin 's "  On the Origin of Species " on November 24 , celebrations of Darwin 's legacy have actually been building in intensity for several years . Darwin is not just an important 19th century scientific thinker . Increasingly , he is a cultural icon . Darwin is the subject of adulation that teeters on the edge of hero worship , expressed in everything from scholarly seminars and lecture series to best-selling new atheist tracts like those by Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens . The atheists claim that Darwin disproved once and for all the argument for intelligent design from nature . And that of course is why he remains hugely controversial . A Zogby poll commissioned by the Discovery Institute this year found that 52 percent of Americans agree "  the development of life was guided by intelligent design . " Those who are not scientists may wonder if they have a right to entertain skepticism about Darwinian theory . Read a leading Darwin proponent 's view that evolution leaves no room for intelligent design theory We are told that a consensus of scientists supporting the theory means that Darwinian evolution is no longer subject to debate . But does it ever happen that a seemingly broad consensus of scientific expertise turns out to be wrong , generated by an ideologically motivated stampeding of opinion ? Of course , that does happen . Many ideologically driven crusades in science -- the earth-centered solar system and eugenics , for example -- survived long after supposed evidence for these ideas evaporated . And precisely the same thing is happening today in the ideologically charged field of evolutionary biology . Indeed , there are strong scientific reasons to doubt the consensus about Darwin 's theory and what it allegedly proved . Contrary to Darwinian orthodoxy , the fossil record actually challenges the idea that all organisms have evolved from a single common ancestor . Why ? Fossil studies reveal "  a biological big bang " near the beginning of the Cambrian period  520 million years ago  when many major , separate groups of organisms or "  phyla "  including most animal body plans  emerged suddenly without clear precursors . Fossil finds repeatedly have confirmed a pattern of explosive appearance and prolonged stability in living forms , not the gradual "  branching-tree " pattern implied by Darwin 's common ancestry thesis . There are also reasons to doubt the creative power of Darwin 's mechanism of natural selection . While many scientists accept that natural selection can produce small-scale "  micro-evolutionary " variations , many biologists now doubt that natural selection and random mutations can generate the large-scale changes necessary to produce fundamentally new structures and forms of life . For this reason more than 800 scientists , including professors from institutions such as Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Yale and Rice universities and members of various national  U.S. , Russian , Czech , Polish  academies of science have signed a statement questioning the creative power of the selection/mutation mechanism . Increasingly , there are reasons to doubt the Darwinian idea that living things merely "  appear " to be designed . Instead , living systems display telltale signs of actual or "  intelligent " design such as the presence of complex circuits , miniature motors and digital information in living cells . Consider the implications , for example , of one of modern biology 's most important discoveries . In 1953 when Watson and Crick elucidated the structure of the DNA molecule , they made a startling discovery . The structure of DNA allows it to store information in the form of a four-character digital code , similar to a computer code . This discovery highlights a scientific mystery that Darwin never addressed : how did the first life on earth arise ? To date no theory of undirected chemical evolution has explained the origin of the information needed to build the first living cell . Instead , the digital code and information processing systems that run the show in living cells point decisively toward prior intelligent design . Indeed , we know from our repeated experience -- the basis of all scientific reasoning -- that systems possessing these features always arise from an intelligent source -- from minds , not material processes . Darwin 's "  revolutionary " legacy on display DNA functions like a software program . We know that software comes from programmers . Information -- whether inscribed in hieroglyphics , written in a book , or encoded in a radio signal -- always arises from a designing intelligence . So the discovery of digital code in DNA provides a strong scientific reason for concluding that the information in DNA also had an intelligent source . Despite the consensus view that Darwin showed that "  design could arise without a designer " there is now compelling scientific evidence of actual intelligent design in even the simplest living cells . The question of biological origins has long raised profound philosophical questions . Is life the result of purely material processes or did a purposive intelligence play a role ? It 's not surprising that such a worldview-shaping issue would illicit strong passions and disagreements . All the more reason to let the evidence , rather than a supposed consensus , determine the outcome of what is , in fact , a very legitimate and important debate about the Darwinian legacy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen Meyer .	Stephen Meyer says there are scientific reasons to doubt consensus about Darwin 's theory Meyer : Fossil record challenges idea that organisms evolved from a single ancestor Meyer : There is compelling scientific evidence of actual intelligent design
CNN  -- Pakistani police officers will be investigated because they did n't intervene when a woman was publicly beaten to death with bricks , a court official said Friday . Pakistani Chief Justice Tassaduq Hussain Jillani , speaking live on state TV Friday , said he 's asked the police inspector general to provide a full report on the so-called honor killing of Farzana Parveen , 25 , who apparently died because she married a man against her family 's wishes . "  I have also ordered that a case be filed against the police officers present at the crime scene , " Jillani said , because it appears the "  cops helped the criminals by watching the crime as silent spectator . " Authorities said they arrested two of the woman 's cousins , an uncle and a driver . Her father was arrested earlier . Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday called the killing "  totally unacceptable " and said it 's a "  great shame " for such a crime to happen in the presence of police . About 20 people , including members of Parveen 's immediate family , attacked her with bricks Tuesday outside a court building in Lahore , police said . Aamir Jalil Siddique , vice president of the Lahore High Court Bar Association , told CNN , "  We believe that this was an oversight on the part of the police -- they were stationed there and did not do anything . We have security , Punjab police officers , at the high court 24 hours a day . The advocate general 's office , which is next door to the gate , has additional security . " Such killings not uncommon Despite the expressions of public outrage , such killings are an ingrained part of Pakistani culture , though they usually happen in rural areas , not large cities such as Lahore . Human rights activists said bystanders , including police , often do n't intervene because the killings are considered family matters . The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan said 869 women were victims last year in the nation of about 180 million people . These killings are so named because the women are accused of bringing dishonor upon the family such as having an adulterous affair , being raped or wearing clothes consider revealing . Women 's rights advocates say the actual number may be much higher . The United Nations estimates at least 5,000 women worldwide die yearly in such killings . The prevalence of violence against women in Pakistan became apparent Thursday when Parveen 's husband , Mohammad Iqbal , revealed to CNN that he killed his first wife six years ago so he could marry Parveen . His son said Iqbal served a year in jail . Iqbal , a neighbor of Parveen 's family , said he and Parveen were supposed to marry with the family 's approval last year . In December , Parveen 's mother died , and her father and brothers decided Parveen , who came from a village in Punjab , should instead marry a cousin , police said . Opinion : How stoning of a woman riled the world Bride 's family infuriated Parveen and Iqbal eloped and were married January 7 in a court ceremony . But Iqbal told GEO TV that Parveen 's family was infuriated and filed a kidnapping case against him and other members of his family . They also demanded 100,000 rupees  about $ 1,000  , he said . The couple went into hiding and filed statements in court to prove the kidnapping allegations false , Iqbal said . On Tuesday morning they were scheduled to appear before a judge when Parveen 's family allegedly attacked outside the court building . "  We went to the court to seek justice to tell them what had happened . We were sitting there when all of a sudden they appeared , " he told GEO TV . "  Someone fired shots in the air . My wife and I were sitting and then bricks were thrown , then a lady came and took Farzana away . ... " Police stood and watched and did n't come to their aid , Iqbal said . He said the crowd killed his wife and her unborn child . In addition to the prime minister , other officials rushed to denounce the killing . The chief minister of Punjab , Shahbaz Sharif , gave a 24-hour ultimatum to the inspector general to arrest the suspects . He asked that a murder trial be held in an anti-terrorism court . Britsh Foreign Secretary William Hague said , "  There is absolutely no honor in honor killings , and I urge the government of Pakistan to do all in its power to eradicate this barbaric practice . " Sudan woman clings to Christian faith despite death sentence , husband says CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad . CNN 's Aliza Kassim reported and wrote in Atlanta , and Ralph Ellis wrote in Atlanta .	Chief justice says police will be investigated for inaction in fatal assault Woman 's father , two cousins , an uncle and another man arrested Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemns the killing Farzana Parveen , 25 , was fatally beaten with bricks
CNN  -- A Japanese carrier has revealed that it replaced faulty batteries on its Boeing 787 Dreamliner fleet last year , as aviation authorities worldwide continue to ground the aircraft amid safety concerns over the devices . In an interview with the New York Times , All Nippon Airways  ANA  said the aircraft 's main battery failed to start normally on three occasions and had to be replaced along with the charger . In other cases , one battery showed an error reading and another , used to start the auxiliary power unit , failed . All the events occurred from May to December of last year , the report said . Megumi Tezuka , spokeswoman for ANA , told CNN Wednesday that 10 lithium ion batteries on its 787s were replaced in 2012 , with a low charge being reported on some of the devices on board the aircraft . However , she said the problems were discovered during maintenance and therefore categorized as minor troubles . She added the airline was not required to report the faults to regulators . The news comes as an inspection of the Japanese company that makes the batteries found no serious problem with the devices . U.S. and Japanese officials carried out a joint inspection at the facility in the city of Kyoto where GS Yuasa makes the batteries . While investigators found several issues in quality control at the company , they did not uncover any serious problems that can be linked to recent incidents involving Dreamliners , Yasuo Ishii , director of air worthiness standards at the Japanese transport ministry , said Tuesday . Two recent incidents -- a fire aboard the Japan Airlines aircraft in Boston 's Logan International Airport on January 7 , and a smoke alarm aboard a plane flying over Japan on January 16 -- prompted the Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  to ground all Dreamliners in the United States , and other nations across the globe quickly followed suit . What 's wrong with the Dreamliner ? The investigation has now shifted from the battery maker to the manufacturer of the system that monitors the battery 's voltage and temperature , Ishii said . Officials from the FAA and the Japanese transport ministry on Monday began checking the quality control at Kanto Aircraft Instrument Co. , in Kanagawa prefecture , according to Ishii . They have n't found any serious problems so far , he said . Kanto Aircraft Instrument declined to comment on the matter . The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  said last week it had determined that the lithium ion battery on the Boston aircraft experienced a "  thermal runaway " and a "  short circuit . " But safety investigators have not determined which event occurred first , or whether they were the cause or the effect of the incident . In a thermal runaway , a battery releases energy in the form of heat , increasing the temperature of the battery and causing further damage . In an electrical short , electricity follows an unintended path . Boeing , meanwhile , has said its technical experts are working "  around the clock " and are focused on "  resolving the issue " and returning the 787 to service . There are currently 50 wide body Dreamliners in service globally , with several hundred on order . ANA was the first carrier to use the 787 and currently has 17 in service -- more than any other airline . How Boeing can bounce back from Dreamliner problems CNN 's Junko Ogura in Tokyo contributed to this report .	ANA : 787 's main battery failed to start normally on three occasions last year Batteries have become a focus of the Boeing Dreamliner 787 safety investigation An inspection of the Japan firm that makes the batteries found no serious problems Authorities worldwide continue to ground the aircraft amid safety concerns
Washington  CNN  -- Shaking off three years of partisan freeze , Republicans and Democrats unveiled a $ 1.012 trillion spending deal Monday night that would roll back some spending cuts , raise federal worker pay and have a surprisingly broad effect on Americans ' everyday lives , from the light bulbs in lamps to the lines at airport security . The massive bipartisan bill is a break from years of forced budget cuts and constant Congressional funding fights . It would green-light spending through the end of September . "  I think the most significant thing is this gets the train back on the track , " House Appropriations Chairman Harold Rogers , R-Kentucky , told reporters . Wielding the power of one of the biggest purses in the world , the measure sets America 's national and international priorities . And in the current atmosphere , the so-called "  omnibus " bill may be the largest policy decision Congress makes this year . Federal workers and military personnel would see 1 percent increases in their paychecks , marking the first pay raise in three years for most agency staffers . The deal also would protect disabled veterans and some military spouses from a pension cut set to go into effect in 2015 . Details of the $ 1 trillion spending bill Appeal for both sides Democrats ? They 're cheering a $ 1 billion increase in Head Start funding from its recent low point after forced budget cuts last year . Half of that will go to help children three years old and younger , touching on an Obama administration priority . Senate Appropriations Chairman Barbara Mikulski , a former social worker , also won millions of dollars for mental health programs . "  This agreement shows the American people that we can compromise , and that we can govern , " Mikulski wrote in a statement late Monday . What do Republicans like in that compromise ? Hits to two of their least-favorite agencies : the IRS budget will be at 2009 levels and Republicans crow that they 've cut the Environmental Protection Agency 's funding by 20 percent since 2009 . Overall , federal spending is lower than in years . "  Everyone can find something to complain about , but from a Republican standpoint , this is $ 164 billion less than  President George W.  Bush 's last budget , so that 's pretty good progress , " said Rep. Tom Cole , R-Oklahoma , who sits on the Appropriations Committee . Opinion : America 's real problem is bipartisanship Air travel targeted Changes at the airports may be the most visible Republican idea in the bill . The omnibus launches several policies aimed at forcing the Transportation Security Administration to get more low-risk passengers through security more quickly . First , the bill would cap the number of TSA agents at 46,000 . It would also require the TSA to certify increasing numbers of travelers as eligible for "  expedited " screening . By mid-April , the agency must tell Congress that one quarter of the traveling public is "  expedite " eligible . By the end of 2014 , that figure must be one in two . TSA representatives and aviation experts were not available for comment on the airport security policies at publishing time . Lights and health At home , the omnibus bill would give Americans more lighting options and less efficiency . The measure stops implementation of a new light-bulb standard which aimed to gradually replace many incandescent light bulbs . That seems to be one of the secrets of the new bipartisanship : pick your controversial items with a light hand . Thus , Obamacare does make a few appearances in the spending plan , but negotiators mostly tiptoe around it . The deal requires that a $ 1 billion "  Prevention and Public Health " account , which Republicans call a "  slush fund , " be used only for , well , prevention and public health . Not all big issues The word "  Benghazi " enters the discussion as well . This deal requires that before the U.S. can send any more foreign aid to Libya , Secretary of State Kerry must certify that the Libyan government is helping to find those responsible for the Benghazi attack . The bill is not all sweeping , big issues . It also contains countless smaller provisions , like a ban on funding any new portraits of most officials . "  What I wanted was a benign bill , " said appropriations chairman Rogers , "  a bill  that would not have any earthshaking changes , and I think that 's what we have . " The House hopes to pass the measure Wednesday , the day that the current spending bill runs out . Leaders plan for government to then operate on a very short three-day funding bill to give the Senate time to debate and vote later this week .	The huge bipartisan bill would fund the government through the end of September "  This gets the train back on the track , " a Republican congressman says It "  shows the American people that we can compromise " a Democratic senator says The bill affects areas like federal worker pay , airport security and light bulbs
CNN  Gentlemen 's clubs have been around since the 18th century , providing a safe haven for men who want to drink whiskey and read newspapers in peace . The original clubs are said to have started up in the West End of London , but exist all over the world with varying levels of exclusivity , only three now exclude all women . Not content with just gaining entry to these clubs , women are starting to create their exclusive spaces , but they are a far cry from the old cigar infused billiard rooms of old . These high tech hubs house women from all walks of life and allow them to rest , work out and socialize away from the male gaze . Whilst many of the clubs exist in London , the trend towards women-only spaces has begun to catch on across the Atlantic and may spread further . Mary Aitken , founder and CEO of Verity explained that women have until now , "  existed in a work/home rut " with no physical place to go , unlike their male counterparts who had clubs . CNN 's Leading Women looked at the newest of this wave of clubs . 1 . Grace Belgravia Location : Belgravia , London Yearly membership : From # 1,875 - 7,500 / $ 2982 - 11,926 Men : Welcome after 6.30 pm on weekdays , for Saturday and Sunday Brunch and on weekdays for breakfast from 7am - 9.30 am . Also allowed in the medical clinic . Motto : "  Health is Wealth " Grace Belgravia describes itself as a "  private club for spirited , cultured , caring women who want the very best for their health and well-being . " On target for their goal of 700 members next year , the club is fully equipped with a spa , hamman , Atelier , restaurant , bar , relaxation areas and a gym complete with trainers who utilize a unique methodology specifically created around the female body , mind and spirit , founded in the concept of ` prehab ' training . After a work-out , members of the 11 , 500 square foot club can eat fresh seasonal produce at the Grace Caf and have access to the clubs private medical clinic . "  Grace very much reflects the values of Arianna Huffington 's Third Metric , a piece which states that we must champion wellbeing , wisdom , wonder and giving in order to balance the quest for wealth and power , " says founder Kate Percival . "  There 's been a paradigm shift which means that increasingly women are seeking out other women 's company . Not that they do n't love their husbands and partners , but they often have deeper conversation with women than men . Women have become less competitive with each other , more embracing and there appears to be a sorority that is stronger than it 's ever been . "  We are catering to that unique bond between women and fostering deeper connections . Grace is not remotely anti-men , just very pro-women . " 2 . The University Women 's Club Location : Audley Square , London Yearly membership : From # 114 - 609 / $ 180 - 963 Men : Welcome as guests in all areas of the Club  except where en-suite facilities are not available  and at functions . Motto : "  A haven in London for educated women " This club is for the educated woman , open to any female university graduate , the holder of a qualification from a professional body , or who has achieved experience and distinction in her field . "  The Club was founded in 1886 by a group of women who had studied at university  but at that time were not allowed to graduate  and found that there were no facilities for educated women in London at that time , " says chairman Ann Hallam who is a consultant at a city law firm . "  They were amongst the very first women who went to University . " Networking is encouraged during social events , dinners and talks by women such as Kate Adie , Ann Widdecombe and Baroness Williams of Crosby . The 870 members come from far and wide and eminent women including Elizabeth Garrett Anderson , Millicent Fawcett , Baroness Young have been members . But it 's a pretty exclusive place , women thinking of becoming members must be proposed and seconded by two existing members , those applicants who do not know a member will be invited to see the premises and to meet some of the members informally . "  The club  has afforded opportunities to meet and make friends in a city where friendship and companionship may be hard to find , " says Hallam . "  Particularly for younger members to take advantage of the knowledge which older members are keen to pass on . Our oldest member is over 90 . " Membership options reflect the diversity of the clients with reduced prices for those who are studying , live out of town or are under 30 . 3 . The Sorority Location : Online Yearly membership : From # 1,500 / $ 2,348 Men : Welcome at events Motto : "  What belongs to you will come to you , when you create the capacity to receive it . " This club is an online network for professional women who want to collaborate and inspire others . While this is not a physical club , the members , 4 % of whom are royalty , meet regularly at selected luxury venues in London . Membership is by invitation only , although by filling out their online pledge , you can encourage them to consider you for membership , just be sure to have a good answer to the question ; ` What do you value most in life ? ' "  The way women connect with each other is unique , " says founder Lisa Tse . "  We have a tendency to overly criticize ourselves and often underplay our successes and achievements . In a collegiate environment of women , we thrive as we are always so supportive of our friends and aim to bring out the best in each other in a way we never do for ourselves . " "  We are also in desperate need of providing role models of real women living real lives who are successful on their own terms . We need to move away from traditional stereotypes of businesswoman and success and embrace the diverse and rich experience of inspiring women with amazing stories to tell . " Members have to demonstrate a unique achievement as a business woman , entrepreneur , leader or pioneer , examples of those who have made it in to The Sorority include entrepreneurial Saudi Princess Reema Bandar al Saud , Television chef Ching He Huang and BBC presenter Katie Derham . 4 . The Trouble Club Location : Soho , London Yearly membership : From # 10 - # 50 / $ 16 - $ 78 Men : Welcome Motto : "  She was looking for Trouble , and she found it " The naughty younger sister and latest addition to the private members club family , the Trouble Club was founded by Joy Lo Dico , editor of Londoner 's Diary in the Evening Standard , her team includes PR guru Zara Shirwan and Frankie McCoy . "  There 's something special about letting women - often in the minority in the work place - be in charge of the room " said Lo Dico when asked why she started the club . After just 10 days , the club had 300 members who during the day are free to hot desk in the homely space on Lexington Street in Soho , but when the sun goes down , the space hosts talks by women from Stella Creasy to Nancy Del ` Olio ; "  We want make talking politics , tech , science and sport part of the natural conversation of women , " explains Lo Dico . Membership is more straightforward that other clubs and the rates are kept low , so that no one feels they are priced out of the conversation . "  We are terribly exclusive , " jokes the website . "  You 'll need to be woman or a man , and be one of the following : smart/sociable/witty / trouble . Do you qualify ? " 5 . Verity Location : Toronto , Canada Yearly membership : From Cdn $ 2,950 / $ 2610 Men : Welcome everywhere other than in the Spa , Swimming Pool or Fitness areas Motto : "  Discover the riches in investing in yourself " Rather than focusing purely on pampering or building professional networks , Verity balances both with meeting rooms , fine dining and a boutique hotel alongside a women 's - only spa and gym for their 850 plus members including Kim Campbell , one of Canada 's former Prime Ministers and Canada 's only woman PM . "  While I was working in the financial sector , I noticed that many women existed in a work/home rut , " explained founder Mary Aitken , founder and CEO of Verity . "  Not through any fault of their own , but because there was no physical place where they could go , so they toggled endlessly between the two . But men have always had that third space -- their clubs -- to put deals together , to network , to expand horizons or simply to disconnect from a harried world . I wanted to create that for women . And we need it now more than ever , given that our roles and responsibilities have greatly expanded . " Time-starved women can arrange meetings and have an express manicures all under one roof . While men are welcome as guests , they are restricted from the swimming pool , spa and fitness areas , however 1/3 of the staff are men . To aid the feeling of being in an oasis in the city , all phones must be kept on silent and children are only permitted during scheduled activities . More : Does what women wear to work matter ?	Women-only private members clubs are becoming more and more popular Mainly based in London , these clubs offer spaces to work , socialize and relax With hefty membership fees and waiting lists , some of these clubs are pretty exclusive
CNN  -- Serving as a timely reminder to delegates convening for the Rio +20 Earth Summit , the International Union for Conservation of Nature  IUCN  has published its latest Red List detailing the ongoing threats to biodiversity on the planet . The IUCN assessed a total of 63,837 plant and animal species around the globe which revealed 19,817 of that number are currently threatened with extinction , with 3,947 described as "  critically endangered " -- the final classification prior to extinction . A further 5,766 are "  endangered , " while more than 10,000 species are listed as "  vulnerable . " "  Sustainability is a matter of life and death for people on the planet . A sustainable future can not be achieved without conserving biological diversity ... not only for nature itself but also for all seven billion people who depend on it , " Julia Marton-Lefevre , IUCN director general , said in a statement . "  The latest report  is a clarion call to world leaders gathering in Rio to secure the web of life , " Marton-Lefevre added . See Also : Can Rio +20 solve world 's environmental problems ? Amphibious creatures like frogs , toads and newts are the most endangered group with 41 % facing extinction . A quarter of all mammals and 13 % of bird species are heading towards a similar fate . Ocean biodiversity is continuing its decline with a third of all reef-building corals threatened by extinction which could cause potentially catastrophic consequences for humans . More than 275 million people are dependent on coral reefs for food , coastal protection and their livelihoods , according to the IUCN . The reef fishing industry is worth $ 6.8 billion annually but overfishing is now affecting more than half the world 's reefs . "  The services and economic value that species provide are irreplaceable and essential to our well being , " Jon Paul Rodrguez , deputy chair , IUCN Species Survival Commission , said in a statement . "  Unless we live within the limits set by nature , and manage our natural resources sustainably , more and more species will be driven towards extinction . If we ignore our responsibility we will compromise our own survival , " he added . Plants also continue to face severe threats . Two species  Acalypha dikuluwensis and Basananthe cupricola  were officially declared extinct in 2012 and 30 % of conifers are under threat . "  Recent work on plant assessments suggests that around one in five plants are threatened with extinction , " says professor Stephen Hopper , director  CEO and chief scientist  , Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew , England . "  Three quarters of the world 's population depends directly on plants for their primary health care . Eighty percent of our calorie intake comes from 12 plant species . If we care about the food we eat , and the medicines we use , we must act to conserve our medicinal plants and our crop wild relatives , " he added . Paul Smith , Head of the Millennium Seed Bank at the Royal Botanic Gardens says that every plant extinction makes it more challenging for humans to adapt to change . "  You look at all the big environmental problems -- food security , water scarcity , energy , climate change mitigation and adaptation -- the fact is we need to adapt and innovate , " Smith said . "  We have always adapted and innovated -- 10,000 years ago we innovated with agriculture . But we can only innovate if we have access to a full range of plant diversity , " he added . The seed bank at Kew , the largest of its kind in the world , currently stores 11 %  around 31,000 specimens  of the world 's plant species . Smith says the plant extinctions that have occurred since the first Earth Summit in 1992 have all been entirely avoidable . "  There is no technological reason why a plant species should become extinct . To collect and preserve an entire species which we can keep in the seed bank here for 200 years costs about  # 2,000 , " he said . Smith says the failures to forge ahead with environmental action in recent years have been down to lack of political will . "  I think because people are incapable of thinking in the long term -- particularly politicians and our leaders . There has n't been either priority or resource given to these tasks , " he said . But he remains upbeat about Rio +20 . "  You 've always got to be optimistic , " Smith said . "  The problem with any consensual approach is that it takes a very long time . It has become highly politicized and dominated by lawyers . That 's the problem with any multilateral consensual system . " But others , like Jim Leape , director general of WWF is deeply concerned that Rio +20 talks will stall . In a statement released by WWF on Tuesday , Leape said the summit is "  doomed to ridicule " unless world leaders "  get serious about sustainable development . " Leape laments the revisions to the Rio +20 negotiating text made by diplomats over recent days which have swapped "  weak words for toothless language , " he argues . "  They 've added some positive actions around oceans protection . But the text has lots of words that ` commit ' parties to nothing -- such as ` commit to promote ' and ` commit to systematically consider , ' " Leape said . "  World leaders ` recognized ' problems 20 years ago , and they 've done little about them since . How long are we going to accept ` we 'll look into it ' as a solution ? " he added .	Latest snapshot of threats to animal and plant species published by international conservation group Nearly 20,000 species now face threat of extinction including 41 % of amphibians and 33 % of reef building corals Report is "  clarion call to world leaders gathering in Rio , " says IUCN director general Julia Marton-Lefevre WWF director general warns Rio "  doomed to ridicule " if world leaders do n't act decisively
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The decision of English Premier League giants Manchester United to ban their players from signing autographs at the team 's training ground wo n't affect the sports memorabilia market significantly , an industry expert says . Sorry kids : Manchester United will no longer be giving autographs at their Carrington training ground . The move to ban autographs was announced by Sir Alex Ferguson in the team 's match day program for Saturday 's 2-1 win over Blackburn Rovers at Old Trafford . Ferguson said in the program he wanted to put a stop to memorabilia dealers using the autographs for financial gain . "  I offer apologies to fans who come to the Carrington training ground looking for autographs , he wrote . "  The problem is that we have had too many opportunists selling on signed merchandise . They are not fans at all , " Ferguson said . While the Independent Manchester United Supporters ' Association declined to comment on the issue , a spokesman from a Kent-based supporters ' club "  Invicta Reds " said he was happy to agree with the manager 's decision . "  If Fergie  Sir Alex Ferguson  likes it then it 's good for us all , " the spokesman told CNN . Do you feel autograph-hunters need to be targeted or is this unfair on other fans ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . The decision comes at a time when the market for replica jerseys and other autographed football memorabilia continues to grow significantly . A quick trawl of the UK 's version of auction site eBay shows almost 16,000 autographed football items for sale . These items include signed jerseys , cards , photos , books and prints . Prices vary greatly , however , a David Beckham Manchester United shirt was selling for # 300  $ 436  on Monday . Vice-president of operations at sportsmemorabilia.com , Mike Gallucci , speaking to CNN , estimated the autographed memorabilia industry was worth about $ 4 billion a year . "  It has definitely been growing , it 's big business . In the past , people had n't realized the price they could get for some of these items . "  The power of the Internet has changed this . However , with more players signing more autographs , the market is a little flooded with the items , " he said . Gallucci said less accessibility to players for some fans should n't alter the market too much as the items sourced from official routes were usually the most popular . "  People who want a 100 percent genuine item will buy through a company where they can verify the authenticity , " he said . A spokeswoman for eBay said the trading of football memorabilia was very popular on the site and had grown in recent years . More than 90,000 items had been listed in the last three months , and eBay had noticed "  a shift in people starting to sell their memorabilia on the site to make money , " the spokeswoman told CNN . In the U.S. market , players in sports such as baseball sometimes only signed autographed items on pre-arranged and contracted deals with memorabilia companies , Galluci said . A 2007 Forbes magazine list rating the top ten sports collectibles ranked baseball star Mark McGwire 's record 70th home-run ball as the most expensive -- with an estimated value of $ 3,005,000 . All of the top ten items on the list are baseball memorabilia . See the list here .	Manchester United have banned players from giving autographs at training An industry expert says the market should not be too affected by such moves The sports memorabilia market is estimated to be worth $ 4 billion annually
Boston , Massachusetts  CNN  -- An Alabama professor accused of gunning down her colleagues at a university last week faced criminal charges after an altercation at a Massachusetts restaurant nearly eight years ago , police said Wednesday . It was the latest incident to surface involving Amy Bishop , a biology professor who is charged with capital murder and three counts of attempted murder in the shootings at the University of Alabama in Huntsville last week . Police in Peabody , Massachusetts , were called to an International House of Pancakes restaurant on March 16 , 2002 , on a report of an assault , according to a report from the Peabody Police Department . Responding officers found a crying woman who was the alleged victim , the report said . The woman , identified in the report as Michelle Gjika , told police she and her two children had been seated for breakfast . "  Soon after another family with the defendant Amy Bishop was seated in a booth nearby , " the report said . Gjika "  then asked the waitress for a booster seat for one of the children and the waitress brought one over . The defendant Amy Bishop then also asked the waitress for a booster seat but Amy was told by the waitress that there were no more booster seats . "  The defendant ... then became angry that -LSB- Gjika -RSB- had the last booster seat and made the comment , ` But we were here first , ' " the report said She then became loud and abusive to the woman , the report said , shouting profanity at her and at one point saying , "  I am Dr. Amy Bishop . " Bishop was asked to stop using profanity , but continued to verbally abuse the woman , becoming so loud that she was heard throughout the restaurant , police said . The IHOP manager told police that Bishop was acting "  like a crazy person . " The manager asked Bishop to leave , and Bishop struck the other woman on the right side of her head in front of the woman 's two children , the report said . After she left the restaurant , the manager wrote down the license plate number of her red 1988 Ford Taurus . Authorities interviewed the victim and witnesses and contacted Bishop , who said that Gjika had been the aggressor , but her account did not match what others said about the incident . Bishop was charged with assault and battery and disorderly conduct , police said . The Essex County district attorney recommended a year of probation and anger management classes , but Bishop instead admitted that there was sufficient evidence to prosecute her for disorderly conduct and assault and battery and agreed not to contact Gjika , according to court documents . She was put on unsupervised probation for six months , according to Steve O'Connell , a spokesman for the Essex County district attorney . Gjika did not return a call from CNN . Authorities previously have said Bishop , who is also known as Amy Bishop Anderson , fatally shot her brother in the family 's Braintree , Massachusetts , home in 1986 . The shooting was ruled accidental , but authorities said Tuesday that previously missing police records of the incident had been found . Probable cause existed in 1986 to charge Bishop with assault with a dangerous weapon , carrying a dangerous weapon and unlawful possession of ammunition , Norfolk County District Attorney William Keating said in a statement . However , the statute of limitations on those charges has expired , as well as on a potential charge of "  wanton and reckless conduct , " the lowest standard for manslaughter in Massachusetts , he said . And in effect , the recovered documents do not contradict investigators ' conclusion at the time that the shooting was an accident , according to the statement . In addition , The Boston Globe reported Monday that Bishop and her husband , Jim Anderson , were questioned in the 1993 attempted mail bombing of a Harvard Medical School professor . Jim Anderson told CNN on Monday that federal investigators had gathered "  a dozen subjects " in the attempted bombing , but "  there were never any suspects . Never anyone charged , never anyone arrested . Then five years later , we got a letter from the ATF saying , ` You are in the clear . ' " CNN 's Aaron Cooper and Brooke Baldwin contributed to this report .	Police say Alabama professor Amy Bishop accused of verbally abusing , striking patron Two fought about booster seat ; Bishop charged with assault and battery , disorderly conduct Bishop was put on unsupervised probation for six months , district attorney says
CNN  -- Five days ago , Justin Bieber was n't worried about a thing . And it was n't because he did n't have a reason to be . The pop star has been under investigation for alleged involvement in a January 9 egg attack on a neighbor 's home -- one that caused an estimated $ 20,000 in damages -- but you would n't know it from his tweets . After police raided his Calabasas , California , home and seized his security footage and iPhone , Bieber was on Instagram sharing photos of a snowy vacation with friends . His carefree attitude was emphasized in an Instagram post he captioned , "  worried about nothing . ' " While the media has been running in circles over allegations ranging from drug abuse to public urination , Bieber 's social life -- at least as depicted on his social media accounts -- never faltered . Here 's a breakdown of how Bieber 's been spending his free time in the days leading up to his arrest : Getting new ink Biebs has gotten so many tattoos that they can make up their own guide . On January 12 he shared a photo of a freshly inked compass -- maybe he was feeling a little lost . Snowboarding For the past week , we 've heard little from Bieber that did n't include him hanging out with friends . Word has it that the star has been thoroughly enjoying his break from concerts and work commitments . Lounging  sometimes shirtless , because why not ? Nothing says wealth like a near-empty chest of drawers and a selfie taken in slippers -- at least , that 's how we 're interpreting this Instagram post from five days ago . Or maybe he 's trying to signal that his shorts were hanging a little low because of all the cash in his pockets ? The prior shirtless snapshot is a little easier to figure out -- the kid is always thinking of his fans . Pranking friends No one knows whether it 's Bieber 's butt that 's mooning a snoozing Lil Za -- one of Bieb 's regular pals -- or someone else 's , but he did feel comfortable sharing the bro prank with the world . Smoking Cuban cigars and shooting hoops We know that Bieber flew down to Miami on a Monday , and the reports of what he 's being doing there -- aside from his recent arrest -- include spending $ 75,000 in a strip club . Bieber has n't confirmed that bit of gossip , but we do know he 's recently lit up at least one Cuban cigar and been to Lil Wayne 's Miami-area skate park . Tagging Justin Bieber 's love for graffiti art has only increased in recent years -- and sometimes it gets him into trouble . Yet it was n't tagging his initials that got him popped by the cops in Miami ... Cruising in a Lamborghini We all know how this turned out . But before the police arrived , Bieber and his car companion -- who 's been identified as model Chantel Jeffries -- were captured enjoying a night drive , an image shared on Bieber 's friend Khalil 's Instagram account . All of which leads up to the early hours of January 23 , when Bieber was arrested on charges of drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving without a valid license . Obviously , given the circumstances , we can imagine that the star wo n't be sharing any Twitter updates for a while .	Justin Bieber was arrested in Miami , Florida , on January 23 In the week and a half leading up to his arrest , he 's been vacationing with friends On Instagram , he first shared photos of a snowy getaway His friend Khalil also posted photos of the two in Miami
On Thursday , Dr. Kent Brantly thought he was going to die . It was the ninth day since the American missionary worker came down sick with Ebola in Liberia . His condition worsening by the minute , Brantly called his wife to say goodbye . Thankfully , the call was premature . Brantly is back on his feet -- literally -- after receiving a last-ditch , highly experimental drug . Another American missionary with Ebola got the same . Brantly 's and Nancy Writebol 's conditions significantly improved after receiving the medication , sources say . Brantly was able to walk into Emory University Hospital in Atlanta after being evacuated to the United States last week , and Writebol is expected to arrive in Atlanta on Tuesday . On July 22 , Brantly woke up feeling feverish . Fearing the worst , Brantly immediately isolated himself . Writebol 's symptoms started three days later . A rapid field blood test confirmed the infection in both of them after they had become ill with fever , vomiting and diarrhea . It 's believed Brantly and Writebol , who worked with the aid organization Samaritan 's Purse , contracted Ebola from another health care worker at their hospital in Liberia , although the official Centers for Disease Control and Prevention case investigation has yet to be released . The experimental drug , known as ZMapp , was developed by the biotech firm Mapp Biopharmaceutical Inc. , which is based in San Diego . The patients were told that the treatment had never been tried before in a human being but had shown promise in small experiments with monkeys . Questions about this new Ebola drug According to company documents , four monkeys infected with Ebola survived after being given the therapy within 24 hours after infection . Two of four other monkeys that started therapy within 48 hours after infection also survived . One monkey that was not treated died within five days of exposure to the virus . Brantly and Writebol were aware of the risk of taking a new , little-understood treatment and gave informed consent , according to two sources familiar with the care of the missionary workers . In the monkeys , the experimental serum had been given within 48 hours of infection . Brantly did n't receive it until he 'd been sick for nine days . The medicine is a three-mouse monoclonal antibody , meaning that mice were exposed to fragments of the Ebola virus and then the antibodies generated within the mice 's blood were harvested to create the medicine . It works by preventing the virus from entering and infecting new cells . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . The ZMapp vials , stored at subzero temperatures , reached the hospital in Liberia where Brantly and Writebol were being treated Thursday morning . Doctors were instructed to allow the serum to thaw naturally without any additional heat . It was expected that it would be eight to 10 hours before the medicine could be given , according to a source familiar with the process . Brantly asked that Writebol be given the first dose because he was younger and he thought he had a better chance of fighting it , and she agreed . However , as the first vial was still thawing , Brantly 's condition took a sudden turn for the worse . Brantly began to deteriorate and developed labored breathing . He told his doctors he thought he was dying , according to a source with firsthand knowledge of the situation . Knowing his dose was still frozen , Brantly asked if he could have Writebol 's now-thawed medication . It was brought to his room and administered through an IV . Within an hour of receiving the medication , Brantly 's condition dramatically improved . He began breathing easier ; the rash over his trunk faded away . One of his doctors described the events as "  miraculous . " By the next morning , Brantly was able to take a shower on his own before getting on a specially designed Gulfstream air ambulance jet to be evacuated to the United States . Writebol also received a vial of the medication . Her response was not as remarkable , according to sources familiar with the treatment . However , doctors on Sunday administered Writebol a second dose of the medication , which resulted in significant improvement . She was stable enough to be evacuated back to the United States . The process by which the medication was made available to Brantly and Writebol is highly unusual . World Health Organization spokesman Gregory Hartl cautioned that health authorities "  can not start using untested drugs in the middle of an outbreak , for various reasons . " Doctors Without Borders similarly weighed in on the side of caution . "  It is important to keep in mind that a large-scale provision of treatments and vaccines that are in very early stages of development has a series of scientific and ethical implications , " the organization said in a statement . "  As doctors , trying an untested drug on patients is a very difficult choice since our first priority is to do no harm , and we would not be sure that the experimental treatment would do more harm than good . " ZMapp has not been approved for human use and has not even gone through the clinical trial process , which is standard to prove the safety and efficacy of a medication . It may have been given under the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 's "  compassionate use " regulation , which allows access to investigational drugs outside clinical trials . Getting approval for compassionate use is often long and laborious , but in the case of Brantly and Writebol , they received the medication within seven to 10 days of their exposure to the Ebola virus . On July 30 , the Defense Threat Reduction Agency , an arm of the military responsible for any chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear and high-yield explosive threats , allotted additional funding to MAPP Biopharmaceutical due to "  promising results . " American Ebola patient ` seems to be improving '	Untested drugs ca n't be used in the midst of an outbreak , spokesman says Ebola drug ZMapp given to Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol Experimental drug had only been tested in monkeys
CNN  -- It is always important to look back on historical moments in history and remember how it was and reflect on those who made it possible . But it is also vital to continue having a forward-looking vision that connects the past with the present . When veterans of the civil rights movement and those who were n't even alive in the 1960s pick a date and gather in Washington to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom , a lot will be said about the past . Rep. John Lewis of Georgia is the only surviving speaker on the official part of the program , and others who witnessed the speech are older and grayer but still among us . It must have been an unbelievable sight to see about 250,000 people before the Lincoln Memorial to gather for jobs and freedom for African-Americans on August 28 , 1963 . We remember the march because of the massive audience as well as the culmination of that day , the riveting speech of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , who delivered what is known today as the "  I Have a Dream " speech . During that moment in history , the heavy hand of Jim Crow was oppressive for African-Americans all across America but especially for those living under the brutality in the South . Voting was virtually nonexistent . Blacks could n't eat in public places like hotels and restaurants . But what the march largely focused on was the economic condition of African-Americans . When most folks think about the march , too much focus is on the "  I Have a Dream " portion of King 's speech and not the top two-thirds , which was a condemnation of the economic policies that stifled black growth in America . "  One hundred years later , the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination , " King said . "  One hundred years later , the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity . One hundred years later , the Negro is still languishing in the corners of American society and finds himself an exile in his own land . And so we 've come here today to dramatize a shameful condition . " What many people forget is that in the final year of his life , King was planning the Poor People 's Campaign , looking to focus the nation on its poorest citizens . King confidant Harry Belafonte told me last year for an interview on my TV One show , "  Washington Watch , " that King understood that black America , and all Americans , could n't be truly free unless they had economic freedom . A lot has changed for black America since August 28 , 1963 , but when you examine the economic condition in 2013 , we are still facing troubled times . As America has desperately tried to escape the recession that gripped the world over the past few years , black unemployment remains pathetically high . Overall , the unemployment rate announced in March was 7.7 % . For African-Americans , it was 13.8 % . Black teen unemployment was 43.1 % . The wealth gap between whites and blacks is even wider today than it has been in three decades . According to a recent report  PDF  released by Brandeis University , the wealth gap between whites and black increased from $ 85,000 to $ 236,500 between 1984 and 2009 . The median net worth of white families is now $ 265,000 , and it 's $ 28,500 for black families . The Brandeis study says there are five vital factors for this : number of years owning a home , average family income , college education , employment stability , and financial support from families and inheritance . Many will read this and say , "  Oh , please ! Get an education , find a good job , work hard , and all will be well . " But it 's not as simple as that . When you look at the state of education where African-Americans largely live , resources play a crucial role in all of this . The lack of a quality education plays a role in what college you 're able to attend , and that will determine what kind of job you will have . The long-term racial policies of America have also played a role . The failure of black families being able to go to college for decades in the 20th century , as well as access to good-paying jobs , has played a role in the inability of blacks to pass down wealth from one generation to another . All of these factors are why a commemoration of the 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom should n't be a big love-fest for folks focused on civil rights . It should be singularly focused on driving an agenda that speaks to the unemployment crisis afflicting black America . Those who are planning events around the march should n't fall into the easy trap of letting any and everyone bring their agenda in August . The beauty of the 1963 march is that it was narrow , specific and designed to address a critical need . If organizers today want to really walk in the footsteps of those in 1963 , they should go back and study why they all met in the first place . The agenda was set in 1963 on jobs and income inequality . In 2013 , this generation should pick up that baton and run with it so that the next time there is a commemoration , we will be celebrating how successful we were in addressing and fixing the problem . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : The 50th anniversary of the March on Washington is coming up Martin : In two-thirds of the "  I Have a Dream " speech , King focused on economic issues Today , black unemployment is high , and black income levels are low , he says Martin : In commemorating the march , organizers must focus on economic challenges
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British military officials on Sunday said Prince William had not breached any rules when he used a Royal Air Force helicopter to drop in at his girlfriend 's house . Chinhook helicopters are normally used for transporting troops and equipment in war zones . The prince , second in line to the throne , landed a Chinook helicopter -- normally used for transporting troops -- in a field next to the home of Kate Middleton , according to the News of the World tabloid . The paper said the trip had caused fury among some in the military who saw it as a waste of time and money at a time when British forces are thinly-stretched , fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan . The Ministry of Defense said the maneuver was part of a planned training exercise designed to help the prince learn to fly in combat situations . "  Battlefield helicopter crews routinely practice landing in fields and confined spaces away from their airfields as a vital part of their training for operations , " a statement said . "  These highly honed skills are used daily in conflict zones such as Iraq and Afghanistan . " The Ministry said that due to a shortage of landing fields available for practice , an offer to land near the Middleton house on April 3 was readily accepted . It said no one got on or off the aircraft , which spent 20 seconds on the ground . Britain 's air forces have already come under criticism for allowing William , 25 , to fly a Chinook to attend a bachelor party , accompanied by his brother , Prince Harry . William , a second lieutenant in the British Army , graduated as a pilot earlier this month following a detachment to the Royal Air Force . E-mail to a friend	Prince William drops in at girlfriend 's house using RAF Chinook Ministry of Defense says operation was standard training procedure Newspaper says the landing has angered some in the military
CNN  -- Microsoft 's search engine Bing is copying results from Google , the dominant search engine on the internet , has claimed . Suspicious of their new rival , Google engineers set up random results on their site for a series of unlikely search terms , such as "  hiybbprqag . "  Google arranged for the nonsense word to point to a Los Angeles theater seating plan on its search engine . "  Within a couple weeks of starting this experiment , our inserted results started appearing in Bing , " Google said in a statement on its official blog Tuesday . Google said it welcomed honest competition , but sneered at Bing 's "  recycled search results from a competitor . " Bing did not deny that it took Google into account when producing its own search results , but suggested they were only one factor among many . They also accused Google in turn of a "  spy-novelesque stunt " that would only affect very unusual search terms . "  We use over 1,000 different signals and features in our ranking algorithm , " Bing vice president Harry Shum said Tuesday , referring to the mathematical code that search engines use to choose their results . Each company develops its own search algorithms , and the quality of the results depends on them , making them the key to a search engine 's effectiveness . Bing gets "  a small piece " of the data for its algorithm "  from some of our customers , who opt-in to sharing anonymous data as they navigate the web in order to help us improve the experience for all users , " Shum said , saying many internet companies used "  collective intelligence " gathered online the same way . He shrugged off Google 's sting as "  a creative tactic by a competitor , and we 'll take it as a back-handed compliment . " Google had more than 70 % of the U.S. search engine market as of the end of August , when it started running its sting , according to Experian Hitwise , which monitors web traffic . Bing had just under 10 % . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	The search giant set up random results for odd searches to catch its rival Google 's results started showing up on Bing "  within weeks , " it says Bing does n't deny using Google results but suggests they are one factor among many Bing is "  recycling , " Google says ; Bing shoots back that Google ran a "  stunt "
CNN  -- The U.N. Human Rights Council said Monday that it will send a special mission to Iraq to investigate human rights abuses and war crimes allegedly committed by ISIS . Iraqis have faced violence and unrest for more than a decade , but the situation has gotten worse in recent months as fighters for ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , seized sections of the country , said Flavia Pansieri , the U.N. deputy high commissioner for human rights . "  The effect of the ongoing conflict on the children of Iraq has been catastrophic , " Pansieri said during an emergency session in Geneva , Switzerland . "  Many have become direct victims of the conflict , while others have been subjected to physical and sexual abuse , whose scars may remain with them throughout their lives . " Mosques , shrines and other religious sites have been destroyed , and members of different ethnic and religious groups have been persecuted , she said . "  The international community must intensify its efforts to protect all Iraqis , including ethnic and religious communities and those who are particularly vulnerable , " Pansieri said . In new violence Monday evening , at least 13 people were killed and 45 others were wounded in a double car bombing in Baghdad , police told CNN . The car bombs that struck in quick succession targeted two commercial streets in al-Bayaa district , a predominantly Shiite area in southwestern Baghdad . At least 1,420 Iraqis were killed and another 1,370 wounded in "  acts of terrorism and violence " in August , the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq said Monday , with most of those casualties civilians . The figures do not include Anbar province due to lack of ability to verify casualties since ISIS took over Falluja and other towns in January . Meanwhile , U.S. Central Command reported U.S. forces conducted three airstrikes Sunday and Monday in Iraq near a key dam near Mosul . The airstrikes destroyed three ISIS trucks , severely damaged another , destroyed an ISIS armed vehicle and destroyed a mortar position , Central Command said . Exclusive : Boy , 13 , witnesses beheadings CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report from Baghdad .	NEW : Two car bombs in Baghdad kill more than a dozen people , police say U.N. mission says 1,420 Iraqis killed in August ; figures do n't include Anbar province U.N. official calls the effect of violence on children "  catastrophic " Ethnic and religious groups have been persecuted , official says
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal continued his domination on clay as he crushed compatriot Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 6-1 , 6-2 in the second round of the Barcelona Open . The Spaniard carved out 15 break points during the match , polishing off Garcia-Lopez in just over 80 minutes . It was Nadal 's 30th straight victory at the event , where he has won six of the last seven titles at the Real Club de Tennis . Nadal has started the season in ominous form . After battling back from a serious knee injury , the world number two won his first title in ten months last week after finally beating rival -- and world number one -- Novak Djokovic in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters . Last year 's beaten finalist David Ferrer also cruised into the third round by beating the Serbian Filip Krajinovic 6-0 , 6-3 . "  I played pretty well , it was a relatively comfortable start , " the Spaniard told AFP . "  The second set was not as good as the first , but I kept my energy and speed . I had shoulder problems but I had treatment here on Friday . But I still did n't know last Sunday if I could play . " Ferrer , who plays fellow Spaniard Albert Montanes next , will be hoping that his shoulder improves significantly over the next few days : he has lost three finals and counting to Nadal . Elsewhere former women 's world number one Ana Ivanovic lost to 21-year-old German wild-card Mona Barthel in the first round of Stuttgart 's clay-court WTA tournament . Barthel fired 11 aces as she beat Ivanovic 7-5 , 7-6  7/4  before admitting that the Serb was something of a hero of hers . "  There was something special , because Ana used to be a bit of a role model for me , " Barthel told AFP . "  I was still at school when she won the French Open and I watched it on television . "  At that time all this was a long , long way off for me . " Ivanovic has struggled to recapture the form that saw her win the French Open four years ago . The same ca n't be said for Barthel who has had an incredible 2012 . She won the Hobart WTA tournament in January before reaching the third round at the Australian Open . She was only stopped by eventual winner Victoria Azarenka , the current world number one . Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska eased into the quarterfinals when she beat Hungary 's Greta Arn of Hungary 6-3 , 6-4 .	World number two Rafael Nadal starts with win at Barcelona Open Reigning champion enjoys 30th straight victory in the tournament Former world number one Ana Ivanovic loses to qualifier in Stuttgart German Mona Barthel watched Ivanovic win French Open whilst at school
CNN  -- A second U.S. sailor who went missing in Afghanistan last week is dead , a Pentagon official said Thursday . Petty Officer 3rd Class Jarod Newlove , 25 , of Renton , Washington , was one of two sailors involved in a firefight on Friday in eastern Afghanistan . They were traveling in Logar province when they were attacked , the military said . Deen Mohammad Darwish , a Logar province official , said Newlove 's body was found in the Baraki Barak district of the province early on Wednesday . Newlove 's family was notified the same day , the Pentagon official said . The sailor died of wounds he sustained from the firefight when the two sailors were captured , Darwish said . Newlove had five gunshot wounds , including one to the head , Darwish said . The government asked the local elders of the province to form a committee and talk to the Taliban in order to retrieve the missing sailor . Because of the negotiations with the elders , the Taliban gave the body back without submitting any demands , Darwish said . Afghan and coalition forces first recovered the remains of Petty Officer 2nd Class Justin McNeley , 30 , of Wheatridge , Colorado , on Sunday . Petty had been listed as duty status whereabouts unknown . On Monday , Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said one American died in a firefight and the other was being held by the group . Mujahid said the two Americans were driving in a civilian vehicle in the village of Dasht , in Charkh district . The Taliban wanted to take both men alive , but the firefight broke out , killing one of the Americans , Mujahid said . The other was alive and being held in a safe location , he said at the time . Newlove 's family released a statement through the Navy asking that the media release no details of the incident or information about the family . Darwish said he learned from locals that McNeley was killed . He said the body was found in the Patanak Mountains of Charkh district . He also said the vehicle the men were driving was located Sunday . There had been no immediate demands by the Taliban for the return of the Americans because the group was still deliberating what its demands would be , Mujahid said . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Atia Abawi contributed to this report	The body of Jarod Newlove has been found in Logar The men went missing on Friday The Taliban gave the body back without submitting demands
CNN  -- Indiana financial manager and pilot Marcus Schrenker is a smooth talker who promised investors steady returns on their money , said two former commercial pilots named in an Indiana Department of Insurance complaint . Marcus Schrenker 's companies were under investigation by the Indiana Securities Division . Police believe Schrenker attempted to fake his death by bailing out of his plane over Alabama . He was found late Tuesday in Quincy , Florida , with marks on his body consistent with a suicide attempt , said Lt. Jim Porter , a spokesman for the Gadsden County sheriff 's office said . Those who knew Schrenker shared stories of a charming man with lofty promises . Joe Mazzone and Charles Kinney said they trusted Schrenker because he came highly recommended by other pilots . "  It was all word of mouth , and when you 're a pilot , you trust . That 's what you do and what you 're used to doing , " said Mazzone , 57 , of Auburn , Alabama . "  His modus operandi is , he flies into your city dressed up in a thousand-dollar suit and sits down with you , buys you lunch , and the next thing you know , he has you on his side , and you move your money to his Heritage Wealth Management . " A judge in Indiana froze Schrenker 's assets at the request of investigators looking into his business dealings . The order also applies to Schrenker 's wife , who was seeking a divorce , and his three companies : Heritage Wealth Management , Heritage Insurance Services and Icon Wealth management . Those companies are "  the subjects of an active investigation by the Indiana Securities Division , " said Jim Gavin , spokesman for the Indiana secretary of state . "  You 'd think nothing would surprise you any more , " Jim Atterholt of the Indiana Department of Insurance said Tuesday . "  We 'd be less than honest if we did n't tell you this was a shock and anybody who 's going to jump out of an airplane to avoid one of our hearings next week ... it 's certainly unusual to hear . " Schrenker , 38 , took off from Indiana for Destin , Florida , on Sunday night . He told air traffic controllers that his windshield had imploded . Then , authorities believe , he parachuted out of the aircraft , which crashed in East Milton , Florida . Watch what authorities believe happened " Schrenker approached a home in Childersburg , Alabama , telling residents he had been in a canoeing accident . Police , who identified him using his pilot 's license , took him to a hotel in nearby Harpersville . But after hearing about the crash , they found he had used a fictitious name to check in and was gone . Authorities say they later found that he had stashed a motorcycle in a storage facility in Harpersville , again using a fake name and saying he would retrieve it Monday . Police think he used it to leave town . "  Hundreds of thousands of dollars are at stake -- in upwards of a million dollars , potentially more , " Atterholt said . "  We 've had folks calling since they 've seen the media coverage of this story , we 've had new folks calling , and we do n't know the scope of the damage that he has done or alleged to have done . " Schrenker was licensed , he said , and allegedly was defrauding investors through annuities . "  When you have an annuity and you sell it , there are a lot of penalties that the insured incurs , and the first time you buy an annuity , the agent makes a very nice commission , " Atterholt said . "  And so every time he sells a new annuity , he gets a nice commission . So it 's a double hit for the consumer and a nice bump for the agent . " Kinney , 49 , of Norcross , Georgia , said he befriended Schrenker in 1996 . "  This guy was the most charming guy you 'll ever meet , " said Kinney , who allowed Schrenker to manage his money starting about 2003 . Kinney then encouraged his parents to invest about $ 2 million with Schrenker . "  This guy was family to me , " Kinney said . "  He 's a fantastic nice guy . He 's well-spoken . His customer service was impeccable . You call the guy on the phone , you would get him . "  He told my parents that they were investing in various insurance products , but they did n't really know what that meant . I did n't really know , either . We trusted him , " Kinney continued . "  He said this is a safe place to put money , to avoid all the world 's dangers like terrorism and impending doom and gloom associated with it . "  In that climate , back then , you bought it . You believed him that he would protect your money . " Both pilots say Schrenker gave them vague explanations about where their money was invested . Kinney and Mazzone said Schrenker assured them that he was not making commissions on their investments and that the pilots and their families would receive only one statement each year showing returns . But Schrenker 's business dealings , and the upcoming hearings with state officials , seemed to be getting to him , according to friend and neighbor Tom Britt . "  He always seemed a little stressed , " said Britt , who said he has known Schrenker for four or five years . Schrenker 's wife , Michelle , filed for divorce in Hamilton County Superior Court on December 30 , according to the Herald Bulletin in Anderson , Indiana . A hearing was set for February 5 . Britt told CNN affiliate WRTV in Indianapolis , Indiana , that the couple has two young sons and a daughter and that Schrenker was involved in school activities . Once insurance companies found out about Schrenker 's activities , Atterholt said , they have been attempting to help the consumers . "  They were not working with him , but they were trying to fix the problem after it occurred , " he said . The department is seeking fines against Schrenker and the revocation of his license , Atterholt said . "  This gentleman , if these allegations are true , he 's clearly a crudball , " he said . "  Anyone who would do this to their friends and neighbors and be so brash about it deserves the full penalty that 's coming to them . " Attorney Lisa Harpeneau said she took the call from Kinney in August 2007 , and he told her "  we had a rogue agent in the state of Indiana . " However , Schrenker is also accused of defrauding people outside of the financial arena . A suit filed in January 2008 in Houston County , Alabama , accuses him of misrepresenting the condition of an aircraft he sold to a local man . Schrenker told Barnett Hudson that the 1996 Extra Flugzeugbau Ea 300L aircraft was "  squawk free , " had "  exceptional maintenance " and had "  never been damaged , " according to the suit . But Hudson says he later learned that the plane had made a "  hard landing " and that a wing had been overstressed , and that Schrenker had made a $ 104,000 claim with his insurance company for damage to the plane but made only cosmetic repairs . The suit claims that the defendants , including Schrenker , "  breached their express warranty by selling an aircraft that was not squawk-free ... had been damaged and was not fit to even be flown , given the internal damage to the wing . " CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Tristan Smith and Kathleen Johnston contributed to this report	Alleged victims , fellow pilots , said they trusted Marcus Schrenker Authorities say pilot tried to fake his own death by crashing his private plane Pilot thinks Schrenker was protecting money despite lack of specifics Neighbor said missing pilot , financial manager was stressed
CNN  -- She 's a veteran reality television star , not to mention an author , entrepreneur , wife and mother . Kendra Wilkinson 's life in the limelight demands that she travel by plane about five times a month . She can handle fame , but flying terrifies her . "  I can not stand it , " she says . When she flies , Wilkinson , whose reality show , "  Kendra on Top , " debuted this month on WE tv , turns to her fellow passengers to help her cope . "  Every time I fly , I grab on to the person next to me , " she says . "  People pray with me . " The airline staff members she encounters are especially empathetic . "  The flight attendants give me ice packs . " Millions share Wilkinson 's anxiety , and the fear can be debilitating . Many turn to professional therapy . Others try to resolve their fears themselves ; some have more success than others . Experts caution that it 's hard to pin down a precise number of people who suffer from a fear of flying , without a recent comprehensive survey . Also , many are reluctant to share details of their phobia -- or how disruptive it can be . Wilkinson , who rose to fame as one of Hugh Hefner 's girlfriends on the reality show "  The Girls Next Door , " turns to the cocktail cart to calm her nerves . "  I do try to have a glass of wine . Wine helps me cool down a little bit , " she says . "  Or two glasses of wine . " Pinot grigio aside , she also tries to picture calming images . "  I try my hardest to close my eyes and picture my son , " she says . "  I think of my happiest moments . " Wilkinson , who has n't received formal treatment , aspires to fly with her 2 1/2 - year-old son without scaring him with her unconcealed fear . Reason does n't always conquer fear John DiScala was terrified to fly . From his late teens until his early 20s , he rarely left his home in Connecticut . Now , he visits more than 20 countries a year -- by plane -- and runs the travel blog JohnnyJet.com . But his runway toward recovery was a long one . His terror set in when he was 17 . Waiting with his parents to board a flight from New York , bound for Australia , he had an anxiety attack at the airport . "  I felt this tingling all over my body , " he says . "  I felt like I was not in control . " The year before , his doctor had diagnosed him with asthma . He had also suggested that the cabin pressure on the flight could give him respiratory problems . "  It kept running through my head what the doctor said , " DiScala remembers : " ` You will have trouble breathing . ' " He missed that trip to Perth , where he would have visited his sisters -- and did n't travel again for more than three years . "  I was basically afraid to leave the house , " he says . "  I was full of fear . " This unchecked terror arises despite statistics that show how safe flying is . Less than 1 % of total transportation fatalities in the U.S. were the result of air accidents in the most recent figures from the Bureau of Transportation Statistics . But numbers do n't necessarily calm nerves . And a fear of air travel is n't always rational . "  It does n't have to do with how safe flying is , " says Tom Bunn , the president and founder of the SOAR program . He counsels fearful fliers with a mix of one-on-one therapy and education about how airplanes work . He says his clients , who hail from a wide range of backgrounds and professions , try to talk themselves out of their fear but fail . "  Oftentimes , they struggle tremendously on their own to fix it , and find they ca n't , " he says . Many turn to therapy when their fear starts to disrupt their lives as well as their livelihoods . Phobia interferes with work Patty McLoughlin , 53 , is a sales representative in the gift industry . She needs to travel to meetings at least twice a year . Based in Columbus , Ohio , she would regularly drive 12 hours just to avoid a flight . She had n't flown in 16 years . "  For pleasure , I could work around it , " she says . "  Not with business . " But when a West Coast meeting came up at a new job , she realized she had to conquer her fear . "  It was difficult to drive to California , " she says . It was impractical as well . She realized that her fear was getting in the way , and flying to meetings would help her make the most of her new job . "  If I wanted to grow within the company , I knew I 'd have to overcome it , " she says . And she did , with the help of a SOAR course . There are people who buy plane tickets but are too scared to use them . "  We hear from people who want to go someplace special , and they ca n't go , " says Alies Muskin , executive director of the Anxiety and Depression Association of America . "  They just do n't do it . " Karina Slota of Maryland , 39 , was supposed to be maid of honor at her sister 's wedding in Bermuda 10 years ago . Her entire family traveled to the event , including her 80-year-old grandmother , who had flown over from Germany . Slota boarded the flight from Maryland to Bermuda but did n't make it to takeoff . "  If I stay on this plane , I am going to die , " she thought . While the plane was still at the gate , flight attendants had to open the plane door to let Slota off . She calls the experience humiliating . "  I was crying , " she says . "  I felt like I was being judged . " She missed the wedding , and for 10 years , she did n't fly . Finally , Slota took a course with SOAR . Although she still gets anxious ahead of a trip , she says she manages to stay calm on the flight itself . She uses the mental exercises she learned from the program 's videos , such as focusing on her surroundings , to stay calm and now flies about once a year . More treatment available Some travelers are afraid to travel by plane without letting that fear interfere with their lives . They might grip their armrests tightly during takeoff , say a prayer before they board or take anti-anxiety medication . And when a flight gets bumpy , almost anyone can get scared , even frequent fliers . "  I really do n't like turbulence , " says Liz Borod Wright , editor of the travel blog Travelogged . But she does n't let that stop her from traveling overseas . Driving is n't a realistic option when holiday plans include Europe . "  I 'm not going to let my fear of flying prevent me from flying . " Fear of flying "  does n't discriminate , " says Josh Spitalnick , director of Research and Clinical Services at the Virtually Better clinic in Atlanta . He says some of his clinic 's clients became wary after unpleasant flights , sometimes involving severe turbulence . Others just anticipate a rocky ride . "  Through treatment , we teach people relaxation skills to better allow them to cope , " Spitalnick says . His clinic uses virtual reality technology to simulate a flight . It also uses data and statistics to teach nervous fliers that thousands of flights take off successfully every day . A wide range of treatments are available for people with flying fears . So whether a person has n't flown in decades or just gets anxious during turbulent flights , he or she should be able to find the right remedy . "  Over the last 30 years , there have been a lot of treatments that have been developed , and refined , " Muskin says . "  Thirty years ago , there were no treatments at all . " Every person 's anxiety takes a different form , so their solutions do , too . "  No two individuals are treated the same way , " she says . With the range of remedies , people with flying phobias have a higher chance of curing their fears . "  People have a lot of success , " she says . "  We know that they can get better . " Conquering a fear of flying comes at a cost : Sessions can cost hundreds of dollars , and most patients need more than one . But for many , the cost of living with the phobia and missing important personal and professional obligations can be higher than the price of curing it . For DiScala , the thrill of traveling helped him overcome his fear . "  I almost think travel is a drug , " he says . "  I love to explore new places . " Are you afraid to fly ? Have you overcome a fear a flying ? How did you do it ? Share your experiences below .	Kendra Wilkinson travels by plane five times a month and hates to fly Wilkinson tries to calm her fear with visualization , a glass of wine Various therapies have helped others conquer the fear
WIRED  -- Google 's Maps team has made fantastic advances in surveying and mapping seemingly every square inch of navigable ground on the planet . But for mobile users , those maps have always stopped just short of indoor spaces -- until now . Google Maps 6.0 for Android launched Tuesday with a bold initiative : indoor mapping . Partnering at launch with a selection of businesses and public service structures , the new mobile Maps version allows users to see the entire layout of a mapped building , switch between floor plans if the structure has multiple levels , and locate indoor points of interest like retail stores , bathrooms and ATMs . Obviously , indoor mapping is only useful when the building you 're navigating is big enough to warrant it . To this end , Google has partnered with more than 25 major businesses that handle large crowds on a regular basis -- major travel sites like San Francisco International and Chicago 's O'Hare airports , as well as giant retailers like Macy 's and Bloomingdale 's . Considering the layers of thick concrete and steel holding up some of these buildings , it 's been difficult for Google to get its location-aware technology up to snuff . "  GPS is unreliable and does n't work well indoors , " said Maps project manager Steve Lee in an interview . "  We used similar information to how we 've implemented the navigation ` blue dot ' feature in the past , and we 've been able to improve the accuracy indoors , at an accuracy of about 5 to 10 meters . " While half of the initiative begins in U.S. structures , Google is simultaneously launching in Japan , covering Tokyo 's massive underground subway network and retail shopping centers  an area where new visitors definitely need a map  . While version 6.0 is n't covering U.S. transit , Lee says the Japanese transit coverage "  can give us a sense for what 's in store for the future . " While it 's just a beginning , Google has also launched a beta tool that allows businesses to upload their own floor plans to the Maps database . Slowly but surely , Google hopes to entice more businesses and major indoor areas of interest -- both small and large -- to opt in for indoor mapping . Of course , these are private spaces , not freely accessible public roads , so it 's an initiative for the long haul . The update is currently available in the Android Market for phones and tablets running Android version 2.1 and up . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Google Maps 6.0 for Android launched Tuesday with indoor mapping New mobile Maps version allows users to see the entire layout of a building Google has partnered with more than 25 major businesses
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban on Thursday rejected a United Nations report that blamed it and other insurgent groups for 76 percent of all civilian casualties in Afghanistan . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said the report , released Tuesday , was part of a Pentagon decision to create a propaganda campaign against the Taliban , accusing the group of attacks on civilians . He said the campaign is aimed at turning the people against the Taliban , and he said the Taliban reject that . The United Nations representative in Afghanistan , he said , should stop this propaganda and any actions aimed at destroying the Taliban , and accept the reality on the ground . The U.N. report said the human cost of the Afghan conflict is escalating , with killings and attacks on children by the Taliban and other insurgent groups soaring . Afghan children and women are increasingly bearing the brunt of the conflict , being killed and wounded in their homes and communities in greater numbers than ever , said Staffan de Mistura , special representative of the U.N. secretary-general . In the first six months of this year , 55 percent more children were killed or wounded by the Taliban and other anti-government groups than in the same period in 2009 . The number of women killed or wounded by the Taliban and other insurgents increased by six percent . From January 1 to June 30 , 2010 , the UNAMA Human Rights Unit documented a total of 3,268 civilian casualties , including 1,271 deaths and 1,997 injuries . Anti-government forces were responsible for 2,477 casualties . That is 76 percent of all casualties , up 53 percent from 2009 . Pro-government forces , including the International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  and Afghan security forces , were responsible for 386 civilian casualties , 12 percent of all casualties , down from 30 percent in 2009 , the report said .	The Taliban reject s U.N. report this week on Afghan casualties The report blamed insurgents for 76 percent of civilian deaths A Taliban spokesman calls it Pentagon propaganda The U.N. report said the human cost of the conflict is escalating
CNN  -- What may be the worst flooding since 1927 turned communities across Vermont on Sunday into islands , as high , fast-moving waters swamped roads and shredded some of the state 's iconic covered bridges . In some areas , homes knocked off their foundations by Hurricane Irene 's wrath floated in lake and rivers . One woman was swept away in the Deerfield River in Wilmington and was feared dead , Gov. Peter Shumlin told CNN . The flooding is so pervasive that officials had no clear idea Sunday night of the potential number of casualties , not to mention the full extent and cost of the damage . "  I think tomorrow we may find some bad things , " said state police Capt. Ray Keefe . "  I hope not . " The state was under a flash-flood watch Sunday night . Residents were told to expect 4 to 7 inches of rain through Monday morning . Hundreds of roads remained closed . CNN iReporters provided astounding video images of flooding , especially in the southern part of the state . Military high-water vehicles were sent to Wilmington , which was cut off from outside access . Keefe , who said the flooding was the worst he has seen in his 24 years with the department , described scenes of utter devastation . "  The storm essentially shut southern Vermont down , " he said . "  It 's terrible . " While the state ordered no evacuations in advance , Shumlin said it was prepared for the storm and knew it was going to receive torrential rainfall . Because so many towns are in lowlands and because there are few large areas of dry land , large-scale evacuation was impractical , he said . In the ski resort town of Ludlow , near Okemo in south-central Vermont , town communications officer Dave Vanguilder said about three dozen roads in the area were closed . Three or four bridges were washed out . Montpelier , the capital in the north , reported worsening conditions Sunday evening . Portions of the city of 8,000 were evacuated and people were told to stay off the roads . Jill Remick , from the state 's emergency management division , said waters in the area -- where multiple rivers converge -- could rise as high as 20 feet , above the 17.5 feet that led to substantial flooding in May . City Manager William J. Fraser told CNN Sunday evening that most of downtown , which has retail , insurance offices and boutiques , likely will be underwater by Monday . Many buildings already had water in them . Fraser was concerned about contamination from flooded structures getting into the Winooski and North Branch rivers . Montpelier , like most of the state , has saturated ground from snow and spring rains . A 1992 flood , caused by an ice jam , sent 4 to 5 feet of water downtown . "  We do n't know what 20 feet looks like , " Fraser said . The state government complex likely will be safe , but at least one low-lying residential area is threatened and has been evacuated , he said . Residents were urged to leave flood-prone areas on Saturday . With about 625,000 people , Vermont is often defined by its covered bridges , quaint communities and rolling hills , mountains and valleys . Its summers are typically serene , especially compared to sometimes snow-filled winters , yet the recent flooding attesting to the fact that Mother Nature -- for all its beauty -- also carries significant perils year-round in the Green Mountain State . Many towns and cities are in valleys , next to rivers or downhill from flood runoff . In Brattleboro , near the New Hampshire border , officials in the city of 12,000 were concerned about the structural integrity of bridges and roadways . Precautionary evacuations began Saturday night . "  We 've seen nothing like this , " said Town Manager Barbara Sondag . "  We 've had no loss of life and are very thankful . " The nearby Connecticut River was expected to crest Monday . And the town is as worried about the normally idyllic Whetstone Brook , a waterway that flows in from the west . CNN iReporter David Cadran videotaped the brook 's raging waters rushing through town . Cadran , 23 , said he and a friend were downtown when they spotted water starting to come down the road . "  Then police came through and said , ` You guys have to get out of here , there 's a wall of water coming , ' " he told CNN . Soon thereafter , he noticed a home 's "  whole deck floating down the river , " as well as numerous propane tanks . Much of the downtown area was soon immersed in four feet of water , according to Cadran . "  It was shredding everything that went through , " he said of an area that children often go swimming in Like Montpelier , Battleboro believes its water system will be in good shape . Sondag said the city is monitoring its sewer plant . Mark Bosma , a spokesman for the state 's emergency management division , described conditions as "  awful " in many parts of the state with "  some small towns ... entirely covered with water . " "  There has been steady , heavy rains all day , " he said . "  We got reports of people stranded at schools and in cars . One woman was swept away in a river . Water is pretty much everywhere . " Another iReporter , William Battilana , said that Woodstock -- about 70 miles north of Brattleboro -- also had major flooding of the Ottauquechee River , with propane tanks from a storage yard scattered along the banks . Vermont emergency management officials got a phone call that one woman was in labor and driving to the hospital before she was waylaid by flood waters , Bosma said . "  She could n't get there , so she went to a school , " he said . "  She 's doing fine now , things are stabilized ,  and  we are making arrangements to get her out . " There were no mandatory evacuations ahead of the storm . Cadran said many dismissed the prospect that a hurricane -- that hits land about 120 miles away -- could do serious damage in Vermont . "  We get hurricanes here , and everybody kind of jokes about it saying , ` Please , we 're so far inland , ' " he said . "  It 's unlike anything that anyone in town has ever seen . People are totally in shock . " Town officials expect residents to band together and help with the clean-up . "  The attitude is fantastic , " said Montpelier 's Fraser . "  People will work together . " CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	NEW : Ravaged state is under flash-flood watch NEW : Montpelier sees flooding downtown At least one town was completely cut off from outside access One man sees decks and propane tanks in fast-moving waters in Brattleboro
HAMMOND , Louisiana  CNN  -- The actions of a justice of the peace in Louisiana who refused to issue a marriage license to an interracial couple have prompted some top officials , including Gov. Bobby Jindal , to call for his dismissal . Beth Humphrey and Terence McKay say they were denied a marriage license because of their race . Jindal said the state judiciary committee should review the incident in which Keith Bardwell , justice of the peace for Tangipahoa Parish 's 8th Ward , refused to issue a marriage license to Beth Humphrey , 30 , and her boyfriend , Terence McKay , 32 , both of Hammond . "  This is a clear violation of constitutional rights and federal and state law . ... Disciplinary action should be taken immediately -- including the revoking of his license , " the Republican governor said . Sen. Mary L. Landrieu , D-Louisiana , said the committee should "  use its authority to have Justice Bardwell dismissed from his position . " "  Not only does -LSB- Bardwell 's -RSB- decision directly contradict Supreme Court rulings , it is an example of the ugly bigotry that divided our country for too long , " she said . Watch Terence McKay react to the denial of a marriage license " Bardwell has not returned repeated calls from CNN this week . However , Bardwell told Hammond 's Daily Star in a story published Thursday that he was concerned for the children who might be born of the relationship and that , in his experience , most interracial marriages do n't last . "  I 'm not a racist , " Bardwell told the newspaper . "  I do ceremonies for black couples right here in my house . My main concern is for the children . " Bardwell , stressing that he could n't personally endorse the marriage , said his wife referred the couple to another justice of the peace . The bride says the case boils down to discrimination . Humphrey said on Thursday that she called Bardwell on October 6 to ask about getting a marriage license , and was asked by his wife whether it would be an interracial marriage . Humphrey said she was told that Bardwell does not sign off on interracial marriages . She said the couple , who received their marriage license October 9 from another justice of the peace in the same parish , have reached out to an attorney to determine their next step . "  We would like him to resign , " she said . "  He does n't believe he 's being racist , but it is racist . " Patricia Morris , president of the NAACP branch of Tangipahoa Parish said her NAACP chapter has forwarded the case to the state and national levels of the civil rights group . "  He 's an elected public official and one of his duties is to marry people . He does n't have the right to say he does n't believe in it , " Morris said Thursday . "  If he does n't do what his position calls for him to do , he should resign from that position . " According to the Census Bureau , Tangipahoa Parish is about 70 percent white and 30 percent black . The U.S. Supreme Court tossed out any racially based limitations on marriage in the landmark 1967 Loving v. Virginia case . In the unanimous decision , the court said that "  Under our Constitution , the freedom to marry , or not marry , a person of another race resides with the individual and can not be infringed by the state . " CNN 's Samira Simone contributed to this report .	Louisiana officials criticize justice of peace for denying license to interracial couple Keith Bardwell told newspaper he 's not racist , claims interracial marriages do n't last Couple received marriage license from another justice , considers taking legal action
New York  CNN  -- New Jersey resident Becky Fisher said Tuesday that she 's counting the favors she 'll now owe her neighbors after a powerful snowstorm left her family and more than a million others without power across the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states . Fisher , along with her husband and their 6-month-old daughter , have been camped out at a neighbor 's house in Maplewood , New Jersey , since the weekend storm coated her home in snow and knocked down trees and power lines across the region . "  There are just pockets of those who have electricity , " Fisher said . "  So we 're using our neighbors ' goodwill . "  We 'll owe them lots . " Fisher said they first lost power Saturday and were forced to relocate to her neighbor 's house the following night as temperatures dropped to just above freezing . Fisher said that while she and her husband are accustomed to cold weather , they did n't want to risk it with their child . "  Every time I call  the state 's utility provider  , they say the ticket 's open , " she said . "  Initially the message  of when power would be restored  was for Wednesday night , then Thursday , and now maybe Friday . "  Luckily , we have nice neighbors , " she added . By Tuesday evening , about 195,000 New Jersey residents remained without power . Meanwhile , temperatures in parts of New England were expected to hit the low 50s Tuesday , which could be considered balmy to some who braved the October snowstorm that dropped more than 2 feet of snow in some places over the weekend . But while temperatures are on the rise for parts of the Northeastern United States , more than 1 million residents were still in the dark , dealing with widespread power outages . On Monday , officials warned it could be Friday before power is back on everywhere . At least 15 deaths have been blamed on the weekend storm , which prompted emergency declarations from the governors of New York , New Jersey , Connecticut and Massachusetts , and also canceled Halloween trick-or-treating in some areas . President Barack Obama signed an emergency declaration for Connecticut Monday , ordering federal aid to supplement state and local response efforts . Gov. Dannel Malloy on Tuesday said he was not satisfied by the number of crews coming from out of state , CNN Hartford affiliate WFSB reported . By Tuesday evening , about 612,000 Connecticut residents remained without power , down from a peak of 830,000 , according to the state utility company . More than 900 crews were restoring electricity . About a dozen Massachusetts cities postponed Halloween celebrations , according to CNN affiliate WGGB . At least 20 Connecticut cities and towns , including the capital , Hartford , canceled events or asked parents to wait until later to take their kids trick-or-treating , according to CNN affiliate WFSB . Malloy and his wife , Cathy , said they will be leaving the lights off . "  No amount of candy is worth a potentially serious or even fatal accident , " the governor said in a statement . In Worcester , Massachusetts , officials asked residents to postpone Halloween celebrations until Thursday , when temperatures are expected to climb to 60 degrees . Trick-or-treating , the city said , would "  put families and our youth in harm 's way as they negotiate piles of snow and downed limbs . " In Springfield , Massachusetts , school officials announced classes would be canceled for the week . Some of the heaviest snow fell in Massachusetts , Connecticut , New Jersey and New York , but snowfall amounts of at least a foot were recorded from West Virginia to Maine . The Berkshire County community of Peru , Massachusetts , received 32 inches of snow during the storm . In Massachusetts , state officials said utility crews had come from as far as Louisiana and Texas to help . About 256,000 people remained without power Tuesday evening , according to officials . Elsewhere , about 77,000 customers were without power in Pennsylvania . Thousands also lost power in New Hampshire , Maryland , Virginia and West Virginia , according to figures from emergency managers and power companies in those states . About 128,000 were affected in New York . As of Monday , authorities reported at least 15 deaths blamed on the storm . Three people died in Massachusetts , officials said , including a Lunenberg resident who died in a fire and a resident of Hatfield who succumbed to carbon monoxide poisoning , apparently from an improperly vented generator . The third death happened in Springfield when a man in his 20s ignored police barricades surrounding downed power lines and touched a metal guardrail , which was charged , city fire department spokesman Dennis Legere said . Four people also died in New Jersey because of the storm , police said . Two were killed in motor vehicle accidents , one in Bergen County and one in Passaic County , while two others died after trees fell on their cars . In Connecticut , four people died , officials said . They included one person who died in a traffic accident in Hebron , a second who died in an accident on Interstate 91 in Hartford , one who died in an ATV accident in Enfield and one who died of carbon monoxide poisoning while trying to heat their home , also in Enfield . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Marina Landis contributed to this report .	NEW : About 195,000 New Jersey residents remain without power About 612,000 Connecticut residents still have no electricity Trick-or-treat postponements spread through the Northeast The death toll from the storm is now at 15
The steady drumbeat of preparations for some sort of a U.S. strike in Syria is stirring up old anxieties . Americans have no appetite for another military campaign in a foreign land . Syria feels far away ; a tragedy , no doubt , but to many who strongly oppose any kind of intervention , it is simply too removed , too complicated , too foreign to view as an American problem . Military action , the skeptics rightly say , has consequences , often unpredictable ones . But so does inaction . Inaction is more dangerous -- potentially riskier and costlier -- than smart , limited intervention . Syria may seem far away , but every passing day , every calamitous , explosive , hate-infused day , makes it more America 's -- and the world 's -- problem . Here are five reasons why : 1  Other dictators are watching : When the president of the United States says the use of chemical weapons is a "  red line , " other dangerous regimes pay very close attention to see what he means . If that line is crossed -- as is gruesomely visible in Syria -- and nothing happens , it sends a clear signal to current and future powers that may threaten American interests and fundamental international norms . The message that America 's warnings can be ignored , that the international community 's warnings can be disregarded , is most welcome in places like Iran and North Korea , whose pursuits of weapons are a threat not just to the United States but to the entire world . Syria : Chemical weapons -- how did we get here ? 2  Chemical weapons will be used in future battlegrounds : More than 100,000 people have been killed in Syria . That alone should stir the conscience of humanity . But there is something uniquely dangerous about the introduction of chemical weapons . Horrified by the effects of chemical weapons in the battlefield , nations have come together over the years to develop international bans on nerve gases , blister agents , blood agents and choking agents . The Syrian government , by all appearances , used nerve gas to kill hundreds of its own citizens . If it passes without a response , this will not be the last time we see these weapons in use -- and not just in a distant battlefield . Chemical weapons are not only appealing to dictators refusing to relinquish power , but they also could make an appearance in other wars , and they are ideal for terrorist groups seeking to inflict maximum fear . Gingrich : Stay out of Syria 's civil war 3  The war is spreading , the choices are worsening : The United States has largely kept its distance in the Syrian civil war . Two years ago , President Obama declared that President Bashar al-Assad must go . A year ago , he drew his famous red line . But any hope that the situation would somehow resolve itself has only produced the worst possible outcome . The U.S. should have provided material and logistical help to the more moderate among the rebels early on . Failure to do so resulted in today 's terrible dearth of good choices , in which America wants al-Assad to fall , but the opposition is dominated by extremist jihadists , some of them affiliated with al Qaeda . In the meantime , the war is bursting beyond Syrian borders . Millions of Syrians have fled their homes , straining resources and occasionally raining fire into Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey , Iraq and even Israel . The war threatens to engulf the region . The Middle East remains the most explosive region of the world . It produces a big portion of oil supplies and it lies at the crossroads of global commerce . This is the last place to allow a wildfire to spread before trying to affect its direction and ultimately extinguish it . Opinion : Why Western intervention in Syria will leave chaos 4  Inaction will hand a victory to al-Assad , Iran and Hezbollah : The Obama administration is telegraphing an attack against Syria aimed at punishing al-Assad and sending a message to the world , rather than seeking to change the course of this civil war . But the course of the war matters . Without forceful American action , al-Assad 's latest maneuvers constitute a victory for his regime and its top allies , Iran and Hezbollah . Giving a boost to this alliance runs counter to regional and global peace and stability . Iran and Hezbollah have a nefarious track record . They have carried out a wave of terrorist attacks in Asia , Europe and Latin America . Just last week a judge in Thailand sentenced an Iranian man to life in prison for his role in a terrorist plot against Israeli diplomats in Bangkok . Iranian and Hezbollah agents have been implicated in terrorist plots in Argentina , Cyprus , Bulgaria , India and elsewhere . Even if you do n't care about Syria or the Middle East , handing a victory to this dangerous threesome should worry everyone . ` Red line ' debate : Chemical weapons worse than attacks ? 5  A new generation of hatred will perpetuate this tragedy : The war in Syria has raged for 2 1/2 years . During that time , it has descended into ever greater levels of brutality and carnage . It has also become increasingly sectarian . It all started as a peaceful uprising demanding a dictator step down and allow a democratic government representing the different religions and ethnicities in Syria . It is now a hate-filled maelstrom of Sunnis , Shiites , Allawites , Christians , Kurds and others . People are being killed based on their community of origin . This is how you create hatreds that burn through the ages , enduring for generations of revenge-seeking , and triggering new wars . The longer this fire rages , the more likely its sparks will start new fires , far into the future . The United States and its friends should strike al-Assad in a way that shows the world will not tolerate the use of chemical weapons , and prove that America 's threats and international commitments have meaning and muscle . Beyond that , Washington should do what it should have done long ago . Without sending any U.S. troops into Syria , the United States and its allies should find and strengthen the more moderate members of the opposition so they will gain the upper hand against extremists within opposition ranks . Then they can remove al-Assad from power by wining what is , most assuredly , their war , the Syrians ' war , but one that is of great consequence to America and to the rest of the world .	Frida Ghitis : U.S. inaction in Syria is risky ; the situation endangers the world She says tyrants are watching after president drew line on chemical weapons Ghitis : If Syria 's use of nerve gas is ignored , it will open doors for its use in future Ghitis : War is spreading , and U.S. must not let Assad , Iran and Hezbollah win
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Government forces pounded rebel-held cities and crowds ransacked empty embassies in Tripoli on Sunday after Libyan authorities reported a NATO airstrike killed one of longtime strongman Moammar Gadhafi 's sons and three of his grandchildren . The U.S. Embassy was attacked by what one U.S. official called an "  organized mob , " along with the British , French , Italian and Qatari embassies , British and Italian officials told CNN . Meanwhile , pro-Gadhafi forces stepped up their shelling of rebel positions in Misrata after Libya 's government reported the deaths . "  It 's going to be like revenge , " one eyewitness in the embattled coastal city of Misrata said . The eyewitness reported significant damage and some casualties in Misrata , the country 's third-largest city . The city remains in rebel hands , with no forces aligned with Gadhafi remaining in the city itself , he said . Another witness , who agreed to be identified only as Mohammed , said "  very heavy shelling " targeted the coastal city 's port . "  I have been here during all days of the conflict , " he told CNN . "  Last night was the worst . " And a third man , who wanted to be identified only as Abdsalam , said the port was heavily bombarded . Electricity is out in nearly the entire city , and food and fresh water are running scarce , he said . "  They are using every every possible type of weapon , " he said . The Libyan government said Sunday that Gadhafi 's son , Saif al-Arab Gadhafi , and three grandchildren died in the strike that destroyed the son 's home in Tripoli . The Libyan government identified the children as Saif al-Arab 's sons Gartaj Hannibal Muammar al-Gadhafi , age 3 , and 2-year-old Saif Mohammad al-Gadhafi , as well as Mastoura Hamid Abuzitaia , the daughter of the leader 's daughter Aysha . State TV aired video of two bodies , wrapped in white shrouds and draped with flags , one of which was reported to be the body of Gadhafi 's son . A funeral procession and burial for the fallen "  martyrs " will be held on Monday , state TV said . The Libyan leader and his wife were in the house when it was targeted , but they are in good health , government spokesman Musa Ibrahim told journalists . The building was in a residential area of Tripoli that houses several embassies . Ibrahim called the bombing a "  war crime . " The strike destroyed the two-bedroom , single-story house , leaving a massive crater in its place . CNN could not independently confirm the reports , and NATO said in a statement Sunday that the alliance was "  aware of unconfirmed media reports that some of Gadhafi 's family members may have been killed . " "  We regret all loss of life , especially the innocent civilians being harmed as a result of this ongoing conflict , " said Lt. Gen. Charles Bouchard , commander of NATO 's military operations . However , Bouchard said , all targets "  are military in nature and have been clearly linked to the Gadhafi regime 's systemic attacks on the Libyan population ... We do not target individuals . " But U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham , a leading supporter of the Libya campaign , called the elder Gadhafi a "  murderer " and "  a legitimate military target . " "  He 's not the legitimate leader of Libya , and the way to get this to end is to go after the people around him and his support system , " Graham told "  Fox News Sunday . " The South Carolina Republican is a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee . In Benghazi , a hub for rebel forces and their transitional government , the news triggered celebratory gunfire even as a rebel spokesman dismissed the reported death as "  a desperate attempt to get sympathy . " "  In all honesty , we never heard of Saif al-Arab until the start of the uprising , " said Hafiz Ghoga , deputy chairman of the Transitional National Council in Benghazi , on Sunday . "  We do n't believe this is true ... This regime constantly lies and keeps lying , " he added . Opposition members , citing witness reports , also warned that pro-Gadhafi troops in the town of Zintan , 50 kilometers  31 miles  west of Misrata , and other nearby areas have been equipped with gas masks . The opposition figures say that suggests the government forces are preparing to use chemical weapons against rebel forces -- but the accounts lacked detail , and CNN could not independently confirm the reports . Ibrahim dismissed the allegations as "  all lies . " "  Every time they come with a lie , they jump out to the next lie , " he said . "  The media can not report from one side of reports . It is the same lie when they said we are using cluster bombs . " Human Rights Watch reported in mid-April that pro-Gadhafi troops were firing cluster munitions into Misrata and displayed a portion of a Spanish-made mortar shell that releases 21 smaller bombs across a wide area . The Libyan government denies the allegation . Fighting also intensified Sunday near the rebel-held Djerba border crossing into Tunisia , witnesses and Tunisia 's state news agency reported . The TAP news agency said the flow of refugees out of Libya had slowed , possibly as a result . NATO began bombarding Libya on March 19 , after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution authorizing any means necessary to protect civilians demanding the end of Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year rule . The alliance said it targeted a "  command-and-control building " in Tripoli on Saturday , as well as hit seven ammunition depots around the capital . According to a NATO military official , the airstrike that Libya says killed Gadhafi 's son involved four precision-targeted bombs , one of which failed to detonate . The official , who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the matter , said the alliance was certain the target was a command-and-control facility and said the building hit , although above ground , had reinforced portions . The official said NATO had "  no evidence " that Gadhafi 's relatives had been killed . A photograph of the site showed the unexploded bomb , a 2,000-pound weapon designed to penetrate reinforced concrete , but NATO would not confirm what other types of ordnance may have been dropped . Nor would it disclose which nation 's aircraft carried out the strike , or what type of aircraft were used . Libyan officials attacked the U.S. Embassy compound in Tripoli Sunday , as well as the British , French and Italian missions , according to a senior U.S. official in Washington . All four NATO nations are taking part in the airstrikes . Mark Toner , a U.S. State Department spokesman , said he had seen reports of violence against the diplomatic facilities and that if true , "  we condemn these attacks in the strongest possible terms . " Italian officials told CNN that the embassy of Qatar , a Gulf Arab state that supports the campaign and is supplying arms to the rebels , was also targeted . The senior U.S. official said Turkey , the protecting power for U.S. interests in Libya , is trying to keep an eye on the American compound -- but "  there is n't much they can do when you have an organized mob , as this appeared to be . " In London , British Foreign Secretary William Hague expelled Libya 's ambassador to the United Kingdom after the attacks . Hague said the Tripoli government is breaching its international obligation to protect diplomatic missions by allowing the vandalism . "  The attacks against diplomatic missions will not weaken our resolve to protect the civilian population in Libya , " Hague said . Ibrahim told CNN the attacks happened because "  the people were upset " and that Libyan security forces stopped the attacks and prevented the embassies from being destroyed . "  There are embassies that have not been touched , " he said . Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim said later the government deeply regrets the looting and violence at the embassies . Angry crowds simply overwhelmed police , he said . In addition , 12 U.N. international staffers left Tripoli because of the unrest and are in Tunisia , the world body said Sunday . Spokeswoman Eri Kaneko said the United Nations would not identify the staffers or their agencies for safety reasons . U.N. national staffers are still in the country and international staffers remain in Benghazi . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Richard Roth , Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Richard Allen Greene and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	NEW : The Libyan government says it regrets the attacks on foreign embassies State TV reports a funeral procession and burial will be held on Monday Witnesses report heavy fire from pro-Gadhafi forces in Misrata and Benghazi One man thinks it is "  revenge " for a strike that reportedly killed one of Gadhafi 's sons
Chatham Borough , New Jersey  CNN  -- The janitor charged in the slaying of a priest answered a call from a 911 operator and said , "  Everything 's fine , " according to police . Jose Feliciano stabbed the Rev. Ed Hinds 32 times with a knife after the two got into an argument on Thursday , Morris County Prosecutor Robert Bianchi said . The Roman Catholic priest 's body was found in the rectory of at St. Patrick 's Church on Friday morning . Feliciano , 64 , has been employed with the church for 17 years , Bianchi said . Feliciano also faces two weapons charges , Bianchi said at a news conference . It was not immediately known whether the janitor had retained legal counsel . When the janitor was interviewed Saturday , after waiving his Miranda rights , he "  confessed to the murder of Father Hinds , " an arrest affidavit said . The priest 's body was discovered Friday morning in the rectory kitchen by Feliciano and others , according to the affidavit . An autopsy had concluded that Hinds died of "  multiple sharp force injuries . " Hinds had stab wounds to his upper torso and the back of his head , Bianchi said . The priest also had defensive wounds on his hands and contusions and bruises to his face , he said . Hinds called 911 from his cell phone at 5:11 p.m. Thursday , saying he was being attacked and asking for help , Bianchi said . The call was cut off and the 911 operator called back , Bianchi said . He said Feliciano answered the phone . The operator could n't send authorities because the calls were made from a cell phone and could not be traced , Bianchi said . Feliciano "  made a half-hearted attempt to do CPR in front of police . They said it was bizarre . He made about two or three compressions and said something like , ` he 's dead , ' " Bianchi told CNN . The affidavit said authorities discovered that Hinds ' cell phone had been used in Easton , Pennsylvania , about 40 miles west of Chatham . Further investigation led them to a garbage can in a park there , where a T-shirt and rags "  saturated with what appeared to be blood " were found , the affidavit said . The garbage can was about 50 yards from Feliciano 's home , it said . Feliciano told police that he entered the rectory around 5 p.m. Thursday , where he and the priest argued , the affidavit said . The two men got into an argument "  over Feliciano 's continued employment , " Bianchi told CNN . He said Feliciano "  beat him up first , there was also bruising on his face , " said the prosecutor . Feliciano left Hinds on the kitchen floor and went into the church to get a kitchen "  steak or paring " knife , and returned and stabbed the priest , the prosecutor said . After the slaying , Feliciano said he cleaned up the blood with rags and paper towels and put them in a black bag , which he put in the trash can , the affidavit said . Feliciano also said he threw away the knife after returning home and destroyed Hinds ' cell phone . Bianchi said the suspected weapon was found in a field near Feliciano 's home . Hinds also oversaw the church 's Catholic grade school . "  When you 're the sole pastor and you do most of the baptisms and weddings and funerals , people end up loving you . This will be a big loss for the parish and a big loss for the diocese , " said the Rev. Paul Manning from the Archdiocese of Paterson , New Jersey . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Victim called 911 , said he was being attacked before call cut off , prosecutor says Janitor beat , stabbed Rev. Ed Hinds after dispute over employment , prosecutor says Suspect Jose Feliciano has worked at the church for 17 years , police say Pastor died of multiple stab wounds , blood spatters indicate fight , authorities say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- He 's the man who has just rejected offers of up to $ 700,000 a week in wages -- but who really is Kaka ? And what has he done to deserve so much money ? Wanted man : Kaka overcame a spine fracture before getting to the top of world football . Born in Brazil in 1982 , Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite , or "  Kaka " as he is more commonly known , is a footballer with Italian club AC Milan . His name , Kaka , is believed to come from a brother , who began calling him that due to his inability to say his proper name -- Ricardo . Said to be an amazing talent from a very young age , the attacking midfielder began his career with Sao Paulo at the tender age of eight , and had signed his first contract before his 16th birthday . Do you think Kaka should have stayed at AC Milan or taken the money at Manchester City ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . However , when all seemed set for a perfect career , Kaka suffered a serious , potentially paralyzing injury from a swimming pool accident in 2000 . The then 18-year-old fractured a vertebra in his spine -- an injury that many thought could have ended his career and even prevented him from walking again . Kaka did recover though , and it 's something that the deeply religious Brazilian has put down to the help of God , and ever since has given some of his income to his Church . Once recovered , he did n't waste time in getting his career restarted . By January 2001 he had made his debut in the Sao Paulo senior team and led the team to its first Torneio Rio-Sao Paulo championship . The following year he was a part of the Brazil team which won the 2002 FIFA World Cup , and in 2003 his talents had attracted the interest of European clubs and he signed to AC Milan for euro 9 million  $ 12 million  per season , and remains under contract with them through 2013 . Since then he 's won the Serie A , UEFA Champions League and FIFA Club World Cup with AC Milan , while on a personal level he won the 2007 Ballon d'Or Award for the best player in Europe and the FIFA World Player of the Year 2007 -- among many other awards . His international performances have continued to be strong -- and he has now scored 23 goals for Brazil . Such is his influence inside and outside of football , that Kaka was named in the Time 100 most influential people in 2008 . Outside of the game Kaka has continued to be a devout Christian . He married his long-time partner Caroline Celico in 2005 , and they had their first child in June 2008 . Oddly , the current season  in which he finds himself being offered the biggest football salary ever  has n't been as profitable for Kaka . The 26-year-old has struggled with a groin injury and has not managed to combine as smoothly within the AC Milan team compared to previous seasons . Still , that did not seem to worry Manchester City -- or Real Madrid , and for now at least , the $ 150 million transfer effort remains the biggest in football 's history .	Kaka is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who plays at AC Milan in Italy At the age of 18 Kaka broke a vertebra in a swimming pool accident He was named FIFA World Player of the Year for 2007
New York  CNN  Shoppers crowded into a Manhattan Home Depot store to prepare for an anticipated snowstorm streamed into the streets Sunday afternoon after an employee shot a store manager and then himself , according to NYPD spokesman Sgt. Brendan Ryan . The 38-year-old manager , who was shot in an aisle of the store , was transported to Bellevue Hospital where he was later pronounced dead , Ryan said . The shooting happened in a store at 40 West 23rd Street , in the Flatiron section of Manhattan , police said . The shooter , a 31-year-old male worker at the store , was not scheduled to work when he came in , Ryan said . The shooter was pronounced dead at the scene from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , according to the NYPD . Police recovered a .38 - caliber revolver at the scene , Ryan said . Police did not speculate on a motive for the shooting , noting that the incident is still under investigation . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	The store was packed with shoppers preparing for the snowstorm about to hit New York The gunman killed himself after shooting and killing a store manager , police said
CNN  -- It was not a blanket of snow that fell on the Northeast this past weekend . It was more like a futon of snow . A stack of futons . And not the light foam futons , but old-fashioned futons stuffed with horsehair or maybe potting soil . Sodden futons stacked 3 feet high with no place to shovel them . But ignore my bitterness . I 'm old and I just got in from shoveling the part of our driveway that the next civic-minded city plow is going to refill . In truth , New England handled this snow emergency like a champ -- so much better than the Blizzard of '78 in which people died stuck in their cars on the highway . But before we break out the cocoa and self-congratulations , we might want to listen to Espen Andersen , a Norwegian in Oslo who lived in Boston for nine years . I blogged on Saturday about how well-prepared the Northeast was , and Espen jumped in with a "  Yeah , but ... " comment . "  I just ca n't get used to the New England oh-my-God-here-it-comes-again-flip-to-channel-5 attitude , " he wrote . He explained : "  The fact that New England panics every time there is a flurry is due to lack of preparedness at the infrastructure level . In most of Norway , power and telephone lines are underground , it is illegal not to have snow tires on your car after December 1st or thereabouts  if you go in the ditch , you are fined  and during my own and my children 's school days we have never had a snow day or any other interruption due to the weather  and we have plenty of weather  . I have never been to the store to stock up on batteries and water . ... Our airport does not close down for snow , though there can be delays . " My pride makes me want to push back on the idea that we New Englanders "  panic " in the face of blizzards , not to mention that referring to this past weekend 's unpleasantness as "  a flurry " goes beyond Nordic stoicism . On the other hand , I remember being amused as a grad student watching the recent immigrants from sunny Mediterranean climes spinning their tires in a modest Toronto snowfall . What goes around comes around , and those Mediterranean tires were going around at an unmoving 60 mph . But Espen raises a valid question : "  Why does n't New England harden the grid and communications systems , put winter tires on school buses , mandate winter tires in snowy conditions and just get rid of this stupid idea of snow days ? It is winter ; it happens almost every year . " I 'd suggest there are two reasons we do n't . We 'd all like to see the poles and wires that blight our landscape come down . Not only would this reduce power outages due to downed trees , it might also give us an opportunity to pull some optical fiber into our homes and businesses so that the United States could stop falling behind the developed world in high-speed Internet access . So let 's do it . Except , it 's expensive . All those trenches to dig . All those rights of way to clear . All those transformers to move indoors . The bullet to bite is so large that we 're more willing to dribble out the price of sending out repair crews , and to put up with the far more substantial costs borne by individuals and businesses that go without power for hours , days and sometimes weeks . The aggregated cost of being without electricity for the 655,000 people plunged into the cold and dark by the so-called Nemo storm , are distributed among the sufferers , and thus that cost is invisible , as is everything if one closes one 's eyes hard enough . Besides , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick estimated that it would cost $ 1 trillion to bury all the power lines throughout the commonwealth . Various experts I consulted  via the advanced knowledge network known as mailing lists  supplied counter guesstimates of $ 45 billion to $ 200 billion , but with caveats about everything from the frequency of buried rocks to the increased difficulty of fixing broken underground cables . Still , that 's between three and 70 Big Digs , to use our local unit of currency . Not chump change , no matter how you measure it . Which brings us to the second reason we do n't bite the bullet and snow-proof our infrastructure : We think of snowstorms as emergencies that inevitably bring with them power outages and snow days , so we do n't demand a snow-proof infrastructure . Yes , this is circular reasoning . We do n't demand a fix because we do n't see the system as broken . It takes a Norwegian to have us wonder why we 're shutting down our cities as if it were the most natural thing in the world . Even if we overcame both reasons and buried our power and communication lines , I doubt that we would escape all snow-caused work stoppages . Maybe I 'm just being a panicky New Englander , but when 2 to 3 feet of snow drops on your city so fast that you can practically hear the thump , I ca n't imagine how we 'd get our streets and trolley tracks cleaned fast enough to avoid a day when it 's better if everyone just stays at home , does some shoveling and watches "  Buffy " seasons 1-4 . For , as Espen points out , if we did n't treat snow as an emergency , we would n't get our snow days . And we love our snow days . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Weinberger .	David Weinberger : Blizzard not the worst , but why is n't New England better prepared ? He says an Oslo commenter to his blog notes Norway is more sensible about snow Like Norway , New England could bury power lines , snow-proof infrastructure , he says Writer : It 's too costly , and in the end , people do n't see storms as disasters -- just as snow days
CNN  -- Three years after 2-year-old Caylee Anthony was last seen alive , the murder trial of her mother is nearing an end . The Casey Anthony trial has lived up to the intense pre-trial hype and drama , beginning six weeks ago with her lawyer 's blockbuster opening arguments alleging that her father -- George Anthony , who was Caylee 's grandfather -- helped to cover-up that the girl accidentally died in the family pool . Prosecutors have denied that claim , as has George Anthony himself on the stand . Rather , they say that the Orlando woman rendered Caylee unconscious with chloroform , duct-taped her mouth and nose , and stored the child 's body in her car trunk for a few days before dumping it in the woods . A utility worker found the girl 's skeletal remains in December 2008 , six months after the last sighting , in a wooded area near her grandparent 's home . By then , her mother had already been charged with Caylee 's murder . Both sides will soon get their final chances to present their disparate cases , with closing arguments expected Sunday after a rare Saturday off-day , according to court spokeswoman Karen Connolly Levey . Then , the final decision will be in the hands of the jury of seven women and five men . They will decide if Casey Anthony , now 25 , is guilty on seven counts including first-degree murder , aggravated child abuse and misleading police . According to Levey , the jury members -- who are all from Pinellas County , after Orange County Superior Court Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. moved the jury selection process there due to extensive media coverage around Orlando -- will deliberate through the July 4 holiday , assuming a quick verdict is not reached . If Casey Anthony is convicted of murder , the prosecution has signalled that it plans seek the death penalty against her . She has pleaded not guilty to all charges , and denies harming her daughter . Though she did n't take the stand during the trial , her lawyers worked to question the depth and validity of the prosecution 's case and raise doubts about George Anthony . They say the father , who they claimed began sexually abusing Casey at age 8 , panicked upon finding the dead child and told his daughter her mother would never forgive her . The defense frequently called Casey Anthony 's parents to the stand , making them a focal point . In George Anthony 's case , they appeared largely intent on poking holes in the former police detective 's stories . Her mother Cindy Anthony went on the stand to , among other things , alleged that she looked on the family computer for items like chloroform and , inadvertently , for neck-breaking . Forensic computer experts , called by the prosecution , worked to knock down these claims . On Friday , after all the evidence had been presented , the defense again requested that the case against Casey Anthony be dismissed -- claiming that the prosecution had failed to adequately show how Caylee Anthony died and at whose hands . And once again , Perry denied their request . Prosecution witnesses , including George Anthony , have pointed to the smells emanating from the trunk of Casey Anthony 's Pontiac Sunbird that they claim came from a decaying human body -- Caylee 's body , they allege . The prosecution also sought to paint Casey Anthony as someone who habitually lied , whether it was about her working at Universal Studios , that her daughter was with an imaginary nanny named Zenaida "  Zanny " Gonzalez , or a number of other people and scenarios that she appeared to invent . Friends , her former boyfriend and acquaintances testified that in June and July 2008 , Casey Anthony was staying with her boyfriend , spending time in Orlando with friends , attending parties , going shopping and hitting nightclubs . They said she did not mention her daughter being missing during that time . In opening arguments , defense attorney Jose Baez said that Casey Anthony was then doing "  what she 's been doing all her life , or most of it : hiding her pain . " "  This is a tragedy that snowballed out of control , " he said . "  This is not a murder case . This is not a manslaughter case ... this is a tragic accident that happened to some very disturbed people . "	Casey Anthony is on trial for the murder of her daughter , among other charges Testimony concluded Friday , and closing arguments are expected on Sunday The prosecution claims that she killed her daughter then lied to investigators The defense calls it "  a tragic accident that happened to some very disturbed people "
Washington  CNN  -- At the end of his career , former House Speaker Tip O'Neill was asked how Congress had changed between the 1950s and 1980s . O'Neill answered : "  The people are better . The results are worse . " Watching last week 's health summit , you see what O'Neill meant . The conversation was intelligent , civil , well-informed . It also predictably achieved nothing . How could it ? Deals are never reached in front of the television camera . Take this quiz . Name the most important legislation enacted in the 30 years between 1950 and 1980 . Overwhelming is n't it ? Civil rights . Voting rights . Interstate highways . Medicare . Medicaid . The deregulation of the airlines , natural gas , trucking , rail and oil . The immigration act of 1965 . Clean Air , Clean Water , and the Endangered Species Acts . Supplemental Security Income in 1974 . I could fill the whole screen . Now ... the next 30 years . There 's the Reagan tax cuts of course . Deregulation of the savings & loans in 1982 . The Americans with Disabilities Act in 1990 . Welfare reform in 1995 . Medicare Part D . What else ? Leave aside whether you are liberal or conservative , whether you approve the measures mentioned above or disapprove . It 's hard to dispute : Congress just got a lot more done in the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s than in the 1980s , 1990s and 2000s . Why ? You hear many grand , sweeping explanations . Let 's try just one simple one . Congress in the first period was controlled by a handful of committee chairmen , who owed their positions to seniority . The committees did their work in secret . Bills written in committee typically could not be amended on the floor of Congress . The institution was authoritarian , hierarchical , opaque . And stuff passed . In the mid-1970s , Congress underwent a revolution . The power of the committee chairmen was broken . The number of subcommittees proliferated . The committees met in public . Amendments multiplied . Congress become more open , more egalitarian , more responsive . And stuff ceased to pass . Again and again , today 's gridlock can be traced to yesterday 's reform . Is the filibuster grinding Congress to a halt ? Before the 1970s , filibusters were both very rare and very difficult . But when Congress took action to make filibusters easier to break , it inadvertently made them easier to use . Back in the 1950s , a filibuster would bring the entire Senate to a halt , as the filibustering Senator talked and talked and talked . A filibuster was both spectacularly visible and personally exhausting : it exacted a high price from the filibustering senator . Then Congress took action to make filibusters easier to break , requiring only 60 votes instead of 67 . But that same deal made them much easier to start . No need to speechify all night ; no colleagues enraged that the filibustering senator has paralyzed the chamber . Today , a filibustering senator need only notify the majority leader of his intention . The filibustered legislation is sidetracked until 60 votes are found to enact it , while other business continues as normal . The price of the filibuster has been drastically cut . No surprise we get more of them . Candidates consumed by fundraising ? Two generations ago , candidates barely raised money at all . Once nominated , a candidate would turn to his party apparatus to provide the money and expertise needed to contest an election . But the maximum contribution by a party organization was capped in the 1940s , and it has not been raised significantly since . This cap was supposed to clean up politics by weakening party bosses . Instead , it has forced every individual member of Congress to spend the bulk of his or her time begging for funds -- the very opposite of clean politics . Lobbyists everywhere ? In 1950 , a lobbyist who wanted a tax measure would have very few targets . The chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee could help , ditto the ranking member of the opposition party . The senior members of the Senate Finance Committee would likewise be worth talking to . Maybe some of the upper level officials at Treasury . The days of concentrated power have ended . Today , almost any one of the 535 members of Congress could help -- and so of course the interests must employ many more lobbyists to woo them all . Congress utterly polarized ? Once upon a time , members of Congress did their business mostly in secret . They struck quiet deals with each other . A Republican might support a Democratic labor measure in return for some discreet help with a farm bill . Today , everything happens in the bright glare of sunshine , policed by hundreds of ideological interest groups . Deviate one step from the party line , and you are a traitor , a sell-out , an enemy . Just ask Scott Brown , yesterday 's Republican hero , today a villain for voting against the filibuster of a jobs bill . We have an ideology that more publicity , more transparency , more openness must improve Congress . And when each successive wave of openness makes things worse , we tell ourselves that the answer is even more publicity , transparency and openness still . No contrary evidence makes any impression . Seems like everything 's open -- except our minds . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	In '50s and '60s , landmark bills were passed through secret deals , David Frum says Reforms of the 1970s resulted in much more transparency , he says Frum says the result has been that very little major legislation can get accomplished
CNN  It might be in New Zealand , but the resort town of Queenstown feels as much like Aspen or Chamonix as it does Dunedin , its largest urban neighbor . Along with abundant adventure-travel offerings , the onetime gold rush hub is big on beauty : the aptly named Remarkables mountain range forms a dramatic backdrop to serene Lake Wakatipu , which shimmers on a sunny day with countless tiny glacial motes suspended in its waters . Queenstown neighbors Arrowtown and Lake Hayes add gold-mining heritage and nature exploration into the mix . The extraordinary setting and an international outlook have made this little corner of New Zealand 's South Island a trans-seasonal center for cool-climate pinot noir , adventurous gastronomy and quirky design , galleries and hotels . Here 's a small sample of what the area has to offer . Aggy 's Fish and Chip Shack  Queenstown Right on the shore of Lake Wakatipu , this tiny , much-loved kiosk serves beer-battered , deep-fried fresh scallops and oysters , fish and chips and idiosyncratic Kiwi fare such as whitebait  tiny , whole freshwater small fry  , smoked eel and muttonbird . Muttonbird ? No , New Zealand does n't have sheep on wings . An acquired taste , this former staple of Maori and colonial sailors is the fledgling of local seabirds , with a dark , oily meat that some say tastes more like mutton than fish . Corner of Marine Parade and Church Street , Queenstown ; +64 3 442 4076 ; open daily , 10 a.m.-10 p.m. . The Spire Hotel  Queenstown The subtle signage and unassuming dark frontage on a small lane off Church Street set The Spire apart from the chain hotels and lodges that dominate Queenstown . The five-star hotel started as a pet project for the original , design-loving owner-operators . They fitted out the property with limestone cladding , Italian leather upholstery and a collection of modern art and design classics before two sisters took over a couple of years ago . Each of the 10 suites has an Eames recliner , Phillippe Starck lighting and Bang & Olufsen phones . There 's a popular cocktail bar and restaurant on site , No. 5 Church Lane . The Spire Hotel , 3-5 Church Lane , Queenstown ; +64 3 441 0004 ; rooms start at NZ$ 965  $ 800  for single occupancy room  rates vary by season No. 5 Church Lane , open daily for breakfast from 7-11 .30 a.m. , drinks and tapas from 4 p.m. and dinner from 6 p.m. Vesta Design Store  Queenstown The lakeshore cottage housing the Vesta design store is the oldest in Queenstown . It reveals its history through preserved period details . Original wallpaper in some of the tiny rooms , for example , shows the height of flood levels in years past . Satisfyingly creaky wood floors offset international contemporary furniture and home wares on sale , along with a nicely edited range of prints and other art . Vesta Design Store , Williams Cottage , 19 Marine Parade , Queenstown ; +64034425687 ; open daily , 10 a.m.-5 :30 p.m. Pacific Jemm Cruises  Queenstown New Zealand 's longest lake , Lake Wakatipu also has some of its coolest waters . People do swim , either in the shallower bays or with wetsuits , but most explore it by boat . The 24-meter Pacific Jemm , with wood-paneled interior and cabins for overnight stays , can be chartered for sailing or fishing trips . Pacific Jemm Cruises ; +64274427973 Dorothy Browns Cinema  Arrowtown Little Arrowtown must be one of the few places in the world of its size with its own arthouse cinema . Of the two cinemas , it 's the smaller one , "  The Den "  reservations recommended  , that shows mainly independent films . Mainstream movies , including some in 3D , are shown in the main cinema , which has Chinese-silk ceilings and chandeliers . Both cinemas have big , cozy seats and warm possum-fur throws . The adjacent bar and cafe is home to a discerningly stocked little bookshop . Dorothy Browns Cinema , Buckingham Street , +64 3 442 1968 ; caf open from 10 a.m. in summer months  11 a.m. in winter months  until 10:30 p.m. Saffron Restaurant  Arrowtown Chef-patron and author of the cookbook "  Saffron , " Pete Gawron distills Central Otago 's seasons into edible form at his restaurant . Locally foraged gooseberries and South Island scampi are on the menu , alongside homemade prosciutto and striking flavor combinations such as flash-fried beef cheeks tempura-style on cauliflower mousse . The schist-walled stone building in the center of Arrowtown 's historic precinct  15 minutes ' drive from central Queenstown  has a roaring fire in winter , a courtyard for outdoor eating and range of local wines . Saffron , 18 Buckingham St. , Arrowtown ; +64 3 442 0131 Nadene Milne Gallery  Arrowtown This is yet another stop along geranium-lined Buckingham Street , an impressive gallery atop a set of iron steps . The collection includes much bigger names than the property 's modest proportions suggest , representing a formidable group of contemporary New Zealand artists . Max Gimblett , Gretchen Albrecht and Fiona Pardington are among those with work on show . Nadene Milne Gallery , 16 Buckingham St. , Arrowtown ; +64 3 442 0467 ; open daily 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Amisfield Winery  Lake Hayes Queenstown residents call ahead to reserve the pork belly at this bistro attached to a winery in a striking , modern schist-clad building overlooking Lake Hayes and designed by acclaimed New Zealand architects Warren & Mahoney . The winemakers have won awards for their pinot noir , the temperamental varietal for which the central Otago terroir has proved ideal . The menu at the bistro , which won "  Cuisine " magazine 's best winery restaurant for the third time last year , is designed to complement the winery 's produce Amisfield Winery , 10 Lake Hayes Road , Queenstown ; +64 3 442 0556 ; reservations recommended Sam Eichblatt is a New Zealand-based freelance writer .	Queenstown has an international resort vibe with natural beauty The Remarkables mountains deserve their name Gold mining heritage and lakes add to regional mix Adventurous cuisine -- muttonbird , anyone ? -- and arthouse cinema are further finds
Multiple tornadoes pummeled a region in northeast Nebraska Monday , killing one and causing damage that was still being assessed as the sun went down . And the severe weather is not letting up . A tornado watch remains in place until early Tuesday morning . One city , Pilger , has been closed to all but emergency personnel , the state 's emergency management agency said Monday night . Severe weather in the area caused damage in at least four towns -- Pilger , Wisner , Stanton and Pender , according to the governor 's office . Are you there ? Share your photos and videos if it is safe At least 15 patients were transported to Faith Regional Health Services for treatment , and "  many more " were expected to arrive , hospital spokeswoman Jacque Genovese said . Officials were assessing the damage , trying to determine how many are injured and how much damage has been done . "  We 're still digging people out , " said Sanford Goshorn , the emergency manager in Stanton County , where Pilger and Stanton are located . Wisner is in Cuming County , and Pender in Thurston County . In the immediate aftermath of the tornadoes , it was unclear how many touched down in this corner of Nebraska . But at least two major tornadoes touched down at the same time , CNN Meteorologist Chad Myers said . The two tornadoes -- side by side and straddling a road -- were a menacing sight . The state emergency management agency reported "  severe damage " across the affected counties . "  We are still in a response mode in these communities , " emergency management operations officer Earl Imler said . "  We are collecting damage reports from local officials on the ground . " Nebraska Gov. Dave Heineman issued a state of emergency , putting the National Guard on standby . According to the governor 's office , the reported fatality happened when a tornado picked up a car and dropped it . The National Weather Service also issued a tornado emergency warning for the town of Burwell , located in Garfield County , where a confirmed "  large , violent and extremely dangerous tornado " was sighted . The storm included hail and residents in its path were urged to take immediate cover . Damage from the storm also reached the area of the Nebraska-Iowa border . "  We 've had reports of brief touchdowns as the storms near Sioux City , Iowa , " said National Weather Service Meteorologist Todd Heitkamp said . "  We 've had widespread wind and flooding damage due to the series of storms that have been ongoing today . We 've had reports of up to 4 inches of rain within an hour in the tri-state area  South Dakota , Minnesota , Iowa  . The main thing is widespread tree damage . " North Dakota tornado strikes oil field camp , destroys 12 RVs Mid-Atlantic braves huge hail , pounding rains and powerful winds	Multiple tornadoes struck an area of northeast Nebraska Damage in at least four towns , the governor 's office says Officials are still assessing the damage One death has been reported
CNN  -- Former Penn State assistant football coach Mike McQueary , who testified that he saw Jerry Sandusky in a shower with an underage boy , filed a whistleblower lawsuit Tuesday against the university , according to a court document from Centre County , Pennsylvania . McQueary was a key prosecution witness and was the only individual -- excluding the victims themselves -- who said he witnessed an apparent sexual encounter between Sandusky and a boy . Sandusky , who has maintained his innocence , was convicted in June for abusing young boys over a 15-year-period . In support of McQueary 's whistleblower claim , the lawsuit states he was the only assistant football coach who was not invited to interview for employment with the incoming new head football coach after longtime coach Joe Paterno was fired amid the Sandusky scandal . Victim 1 sues Penn State over Sandusky abuse McQueary also claims he was the only former employee who was not reimbursed for legal fees , and that he did not receive his severance payments on time . The lawsuit states McQueary believes those situations and his employment termination were the result of his cooperation with authorities in the Sandusky case . Read details of the lawsuit  PDF According to the lawsuit , after testifying in court , McQueary was placed on administrative leave with pay in November 2011 , only to later be terminated in July 2012 . A copy of a letter from the university athletics director concerning the administrative leave was filed along with the lawsuit . Calls to McQueary 's lawyer after the suit was filed were not returned . How the case unfolded Penn State University spokesman David La Torre responded to CNN with "  no comment " regarding the suit . According to the lawsuit , McQueary is seeking $ 4 million from the university as the equivalent to a total life-long salary as a football coach with the school . Penn State scandal : Where things stand CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Mike McQueary was a key prosecution witness in the case against Jerry Sandusky He testified he saw Sandusky in a shower with an underage boy McQueary has filed a whistleblower lawsuit against Penn State He says he believes cooperating with authorities in the case led to his termination
CNN  -- Crew members piloting a Qantas passenger flight from Thailand to London returned to Bangkok shortly after takeoff early Friday after detecting vibrations and high temperature in one of the aircraft 's engines , according to a statement released by the airline . Qantas called the crew 's decision "  a precaution , in line with procedure . " "  The aircraft can fly safely on three engines and landed normally in Bangkok , " the Qantas statement read . The airline stated that the 307 passengers on board the Boeing 747 aircraft would be "  accommodated on alternative onward services . " The incident occurred three days after an engine on a Cathay Pacific flight caught fire , forcing an emergency landing in Singapore . The engine was manufactured by Rolls Royce . Last November , the pilots of a Qantas A380 headed to Sydney , Australia , returned the aircraft to Singapore after one of its engines caught fire . A report released the following month by the Australian Transport Safety Board identified a potential manufacturing defect in the engine , also manufactured by Rolls Royce . The defect , according to the board report , was in the oil pipes , which can become cracked , allowing oil to leak .	The decision to return to the airport is "  a precaution , in line with procedure , " airline says Qantas provides the 307 passengers on the flight "  alternative onward services " The incident comes three days after a burning engine forces an emergency landing in Singapore
Reyhanli , Turkey  CNN  -- Rage grew in a Turkish town on Syria 's border Monday in the aftermath of weekend bombings as the government blamed Marxists with Syrian connections for the deadly attacks . Gathered before the ruins left when two explosive-laden cars went off Saturday , residents of Reyhanli called on Turkey 's government to step down , alleging that it has gotten their country too involved Syria 's troubles . Hours later , rescuers pulled another corpse from the rubble and placed it in a black body back for transit , said CNN Senior International Correspondent Ben Wedeman . It brought the death toll to at least 47 . Another 100 or so have been injured , authorities have said . The Turkish government places the blame for the attacks on local perpetrators . "  For the time being , there is no evidence suggesting that al Qaeda was involved , " Interior Minister Muammer Guler told Turkey 's state news agency , Anatolia . The nine suspects in custody are all Turkish nationals , he said . Guler and other Turkish officials accuse a former Marxist terror group that they say maintains relations with Syria 's intelligence services . The U.N. Security Council condemned the violence . "  The members of the Security Council reaffirmed that terrorism in all its forms and manifestations constitutes one of the most serious threats to international peace and security , and that any acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable , regardless of their motivation , wherever , whenever and by whomsoever committed , " a written statement from the Security Council said . Sunday anguish Funeral prayers echoed across Reyhanli on Sunday . The families of the dead huddled under umbrellas in the town cemetery to lay their loved ones to rest , while others cried in streets still strewn with broken glass and twisted metal . Of the 50 people who remained hospitalized late Saturday , 29 were in critical condition , Guler said . Source : Patients from Syria being tested for chemical weapons As they bury their dead and watch efforts to recover more bodies , local residents fear that more violence from the conflict raging in the neighboring country will spill over into the town . Some resent the flood of refugees that Ankara 's generosity toward Syrians fleeing the violence has brought on . Turkey is trying to accommodate nearly 300,000 refugees from Syria 's 2-year-old civil war , according to the U.N. high commissioner for refugees , and the attacks fueled anger at some of the Syrians who have taken shelter in Reyhanli . One Syrian trying to talk to CNN was stopped by two men on a motorcycle yelling , "  Do n't talk to them " and "  Go away . " They yelled at the Turkish man hosting Syrian refugees , "  How can you let them talk ? " One Reyhanli resident , Abu Marwan , said Saturday that people began grabbing sticks and "  going after Syrians " in the aftermath of the bombings . "  We almost have more Syrians here than Turks , and people are getting angry , " he said . Syria 's information minister , Omran al-Zoubi , said the Damascus government was "  saddened " by the deaths . But he denied that his country had any involvement and said Turkey was to blame for allowing rebel fighters -- whom Damascus dubs "  terrorists " -- to operate from its territory . "  He added that the Turkish government has been facilitating the delivery of weapons , explosive devices , car bombs , money and killers into Syria , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said of al-Zoubi . Turkey detains 9 , alleges Syrian link to car bombings Blasts struck government buildings The first blast occurred at about 1:55 p.m. Saturday at Reyhanli 's city hall . A second , more powerful blast occurred in front of the post office . Marwan said the bombings left "  body parts everywhere . " "  Buildings and the walls of buildings are collapsed , " he said . "  The windows , the cars , everything is burned around it , people are burned . So many injured . The scene is outrageous , may God grant us peace . " The blast drew swift condemnation internationally , including from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who vowed that Washington will "  stand with our ally Turkey . " Syrian opposition group : Regime fires shells toward Reyhanli The Local Coordination Committees for Syria , an opposition group , has reported that Syrian government forces had fired several shells in the direction of Reyhanli , which is in Turkey 's southern province of Hatay . Several Syrians were among the casualties , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , another opposition group . The town 's location "  carries sensitivity , " Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Saturday , according to the semiofficial news agency Anadolu . "  Around  20,000  to 25,000 Syrians live here in camps as our guests . Certain steps as in Reyhanli today may be taken to affect the sensitivity in Hatay by those not willing to accept the status quo . " The conflict in Syria has repeatedly spilled across the border to Turkey , prompting Turkish security forces to reinforce the frontier . At Turkey 's request , the NATO military alliance deployed several Patriot missile batteries to protect Turkish border cities from the threat of Syrian missile attacks . Five reasons Syria 's war suddenly looks more dangerous This story was reported by Gul Tuysuz in Rehanli and reported and written by Matt Smith in Atlanta . CNN 's Tom Watkins and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	Turkey 's government believes some of its own citizens are behind the attacks The bombs killed 47 people and wounded about 100 , Turkish officials say Syrian official denies that his nation had any involvement Tensions run high as Syrians flee across border to escape civil war
CNN  -- The National Rifle Association 's New York state affiliate filed a federal lawsuit Thursday in Buffalo contesting the constitutionality of the SAFE Act , the sweeping gun-control bill Gov. Andrew Cuomo signed into law in January , the group announced in a press release . The new laws fortify New York 's existing assault weapons ban , limit the number of bullets allowed in ammunition magazines and strengthen rules that govern the mentally ill , which includes a requirement to report potentially harmful behavior . "  Governor Andrew Cuomo and the New York State Legislature usurped the legislative and democratic process in passing these extreme anti-gun measures with no committee hearings and no public input , " Chris Cox , executive director of NRA 's Institute for Legislative Action said in the release . "  This obvious disrespect for New Yorkers and their Second Amendment rights will not be tolerated , " he added . New York 's new laws include a statewide gun registry and a uniform licensing standard , altering the current system in which each county or municipality sets its own standard . Residents are now restricted to purchasing ammunition magazines that carry seven bullets , rather than 10 . The laws were the first in the nation to be enacted after the Newtown , Connecticut , school massacre . New York authorities said last week they had reached a deal with 23 gun show operators in the state after an investigation revealed weapons were sold without proper background checks . What was behind Reid 's sidestep on assault weapons ban ?	NRA : The governor and state legislature "  usurped ... the democratic process " The new laws were the first in the nation to be enacted after the Newtown school massacre
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- The clicking of dozens of news cameras drowned out the sobs of the 13-year-old girl , but her face explained what was happening in the departure hall of Japan 's Narita International Airport . Arlan and Sarah Calderon hug their daughter Noriko farewell . Noriko Calderon , wearing her school uniform , was being forced to make one of the most wrenching choices of her young life : To stay in the country of her birth rather than join her parents being deported to the Philippines . The scene was the emotional climax to a story a decade and a half in the making -- one that has tugged at heartstrings in Japan , but ultimately failed to sway to an unyielding bureaucracy that activists say violates human rights . Sound off : Do you think Japanese authorities are doing the right thing ? Filipinos Arlan and Sarah Calderon illegally entered Japan in the early 1990s on fake passports . They married and had a daughter , Noriko . Arlan found a stable job working for a construction company . Noriko grew up Japanese , attending school and never learning her parents ' native language . Noriko , like many Tokyo girls her age , loves hip-hop and hopes to be a dancer or a teacher at a dance school someday . But her future in the only country she 's ever known went into limbo when Japanese immigration authorities arrested her mother in 2006 . Her parents decided to fight Japan 's notoriously rigid immigration laws and for three years under a harsh media spotlight , they argued their case all the way to the country 's High Court , saying Arlan is gainfully employed and their daughter only speaks Japanese . The family lost their case in the High Court , and Japan ordered Arlan and Sarah Calderon be deported back to the Philippines . Watch CNN interview with family " Activists claim Japan 's notoriously rigid immigration laws violate human rights . An estimated 500 families are in the same situation according to lawyers , who accuse Japan of not respecting the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child . Japan 's Immigration Bureau in a statement to CNN said the couple 's illegal presence in the country as an "  extremely malicious " violation that "  shakes the foundation of Japan 's immigration control . " But when it came to 13 year old Noriko , the government gave the girl a choice : Her country or her parents . "  Japan is my homeland , " says Noriko , when asked why she is choosing to stay behind . She will move in with an aunt , allowed to stay in Japan under a visa that the government will reassess yearly . Her life , say her parents , will be better in Japan . She 'll have schooling and the dreams a big city like Tokyo can offer her , versus the impoverished farm community her parents will move back to in the Philippines . But as the Calderons packed up their small apartment in the days leading up to the deportation , the reality of what would soon happen to the family became more and more harsh . "  Until I 'm an adult , I need my parents , " Noriko said , her pink cheeks stained with tears . "  We wo n't be there when she needs us the most , " said Arlan Calderon . "  She has to protect herself on her own . I 'm so sorry about that . " Shogo Watanabe , the Calderons ' attorney , collected more than 20,000 signatures in Japan to try and keep the family together in the country . "  Children should be protected when their parents are punished . It 's the child 's right . But there 's no consideration for that at all . I do not think the government is being flexible , " said Watanabe . Under Japanese immigration laws , the Calderons wo n't be allowed back into Japan for five years . They 've asked for a special waiver to visit their daughter after a year , but it has n't been granted yet . So their last , public hug could be the last time they see their daughter until she 's 18 .	Noriko Calderon born and raised in Japan by Filipino parents Parents deported after years of living in country Schoolgirl says she will stay , meaning she may not see parents until she 's 18
