CNN  -- Tiger Woods ' agent says he may take legal action after the world 's No. 1 golfer was accused of cheating on the course this year . Mark Steinberg , who has helped the American become the planet 's wealthiest athlete , criticized a "  shameful , baseless " report on the Golf.com website by TV commentator Brandel Chamblee . Chamblee , a former pro golfer , said in his end-of-season summary that Woods had been "  cavalier with the rules " -- and he made parallels with one of his own school experiences when he was caught cheating in a math test and marked down from a grade of 100 to an "  F. " He said his teacher quoted the 19th-century poem "  Marmion " by Walter Scott : "  Oh , what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive ! " "  I never did ask my teacher how she knew I cheated and I certainly did n't protest the grade , " wrote the 51-year-old , who gave Woods an "  F " for his season 's achievements , crossing out a "  100 " mark . "  I knew I had done the wrong thing and my teacher the right , but I never forgot the way I felt when I read that quote . "  I remember when we only talked about Tiger 's golf . I miss those days . He won five times and contended in majors and won the Vardon Trophy and ... how shall we say this ... was a little cavalier with the rules . " Woods was named the PGA Tour 's player of the year for the 11th time after a season in which he won five tournaments and had two top-10 finishes in the four majors . However , at April 's Masters he was controversially not disqualified for signing an incorrect scorecard after taking an improper drop , but was penalized . The 37-year-old was also given two-stroke penalties in Abu Dhabi in January and last month at the BMW Championship for rule infringements , while he was suspected by some of taking a favorable drop at May 's Players Championship after hitting a water hazard . "  There 's nothing you can call a golfer worse than a cheater . This is the most deplorable thing I have seen , " Steinberg said in a statement he later verified to CNN . "  I 'm not one for hyperbole , but this is absolutely disgusting . Calling him a cheater ? I 'll be shocked , stunned if something is not done about this . Something has to be done . There are certainly things that just do n't go without response . It 's atrocious . I 'm not sure if there is n't legal action to be taken . I have to give some thought to legal action . "  This is , ` Hey , look at me , ' in its lowest form . Brandel Chamblee 's comments are shameful , baseless and completely out of line . In his rulings , Tiger voiced his position , accepted his penalty and moved on . There was no intention to deceive anyone . "  Chamblee 's uninformed and malicious opinions , passed on as facts , and his desperate attempt to garner attention is deplorable . Brandel has a right to form his opinion . If he wants to give him an ` F ' for his year ? It 's silly . But this goes so far above that and is out of bounds . It 's stunning . " Chamblee debated the issue on his Twitter account , where he denied calling Woods a cheat . "  To be accurate , I said he was cavalier with the rules . How is it anyone would argue to the contrary , " he wrote . British golf journalist James Corrigan responded : "  The fact you wrote that and gave him an ` f ' meant you called him a cheat . That is n't right . " Meanwhile , Rory McIlroy -- whose season has gone from bad to worse since missing the cut with Woods in Abu Dhabi when they were No. 1 and 2 in the rankings -- dropped out of contention at the Korea Open Saturday . The Northern Irishman , now sixth in the world , blamed a "  weird " day after his third-round 75 left him 10 shots behind leader Kim Hyung-tae of South Korea , who was four clear . "  It was weird . I actually started the round really well , " said the 24-year-old , who has begun legal proceedings against his management company and reportedly also split from tennis star girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki . "  I just think the story of the day is that I missed a lot of putts , missed a lot of chances for birdies at the start of the round and then mixed a few short ones for pars in the middle and end of the round . That 's really what it was . "  So yeah , a frustrating day because I was in contention after two days and if you shoot a solid score today you 're right in there tomorrow . "	Report giving Tiger Woods an "  F " for 2013 is called "  absolutely disgusting " by his agent Mark Steinberg considering legal action over comments by Brandel Chamblee The TV commentator says Wood was "  cavalier with rules " but denies calling him a cheat Woods , the PGA Tour 's player of the year , was penalized for three rule infringements in 2013
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government is stepping up efforts to collect intelligence on Syrian training camps and Americans returning from Syria amid concern that U.S. citizens fighting alongside extremists might later conduct attacks back home . "  The FBI and other members of the intelligence community have made this a top priority and are taking whatever steps they can under the law to monitor and prevent those coming back from doing us harm , " Assistant Attorney General John Carlin said . The increased intelligence-gathering comes during what Attorney General Eric Holder describes as a "  dangerous time " for the United States . In an interview with ABC 's "  This Week " on Sunday , Holder estimated there are about 7,000 foreign fighters in Syria , coming from places like Europe and the United States . "  In some ways , it 's more frightening than anything I think I 've seen as attorney general , " he said . "  This is a situation that we can see developing and the potential that I see coming up , the negative potential I see coming out of the facts in Syria and Iraq now , are quite concerning , " he said . The FBI has dozens of investigations of Americans under way in the United States as the government tries to identify potential suspects even before they travel to Syria so they know if they come back . U.S. officials tell CNN that not all potential suspects are on the no-fly list -- making it harder for investigators to track them . Adding to the worries : thousands of fighters in Syria with European passports who are able to enter the United States . Officials say not all European countries are sharing the names of all of their suspect citizens . Alarms went off when a French Algerian extremist opened fire at the Jewish Museum in Brussels , Belgium , in May . After training in Syria with al Qaeda splinter group ISIS , he traveled through several countries in Europe before he was arrested in France . U.S. officials said it was a wake-up call that borders can be readily crossed . "  We got to make sure we partner with Europe so that know who 's coming back , " Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , told CNN 's "  New Day " on Tuesday . "  We need to make sure that they take action against those that are providing material support to terrorism in Syria and elsewhere , because many of the European countries do n't even have the laws to allow them to do that . " Meanwhile , the Transportation Security Administration said this month that security screeners at overseas airports may ask U.S.-bound passengers to turn on their cell phones and other electronics to prove they work and are n't explosive devices . The change is part of an update to security measures aimed at combating potential new threats from terrorists in the Middle East and Europe . A senior U.S. official told CNN that part of what prompted the enhanced security measures was intelligence that militants in Syria had details on how to make undetectable bombs . CNN 's Pamela Brown , Evan Perez and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	U.S. officials are concerned Americans could return to conduct homeland attacks There are roughly 7,000 foreign fighters in Syria -- many from Europe and the U.S. The U.S. is trying to identify potential suspects even before they travel to Syria Holder says it 's "  a dangerous time " for the United States
CNN  -- Opening in select U.S. theaters next week , the documentary "  Putin 's Kiss " tells the story of a Russian teenager who became famous in the mid-2000s when she was shown on TV giving President Vladimir Putin a kiss on the cheek . Danish filmmaker Lise Birk Pedersen 's movie is well-timed . Putin won his third term as Russia 's president last month and will officially take power in May . He is finishing up a stint as prime minister , as he was limited to two consecutive terms as president . While not well-known in the West , Masha Drokova will always be a symbol of Putin 's power and of the first generation to come of age in post-Soviet Russia , after her tumultuous tenure as the spokeswoman for Nashi , a nationalist youth movement that Putin officials created in 2005 . Nashi organized mass marches in support of the Russian president , proactively heading off opposition to Putin at every turn . As Nashi gained thousands of members , the provincial but ambitious teen from the Moscow suburbs was rewarded for being its mouthpiece . She got a car , an apartment and even a television show . The film shows Masha as she begins to question it all after befriending independent journalists who criticize Putin . Audiences watch Masha 's disillusionment with Nashi turn to anguish when one of those reporters is savagely beaten by attackers he suspects are Nashi members . "  Putin 's Kiss " took the world cinematography award at this year 's Sundance Film Festival . Watch the trailer CNN spoke with Pedersen by phone from her home in Denmark . CNN : Why did you want to make this movie ? Pedersen : I wanted to make a contemporary portrait of the first generation to come of age in the new Russia . For research , I spoke to a lot of young people Masha 's age . ... I traveled to Russia for three or four weeks and I spoke only with young people , 18 to 20 , in big cities and the countryside , who were born exactly at the time the Soviet Union was collapsing . CNN : Why focus on Masha ? Pedersen : When Masha was very young , and Russia was changing to a capitalist society , the middle class gained more money , more possibilities to send their young people to good schools and to take vacations abroad . It had changed the attitudes among the young people and the population all in all . So people were much more optimistic and they really looked up to Putin and  were  feeling proud about Russia . I wanted to portray that side as well , and that 's also one of the reasons I chose to portray a person who was a spokesperson for Putin 's youth movement , Nashi . CNN : Masha was someone who certainly believed in Nashi , which describes itself as this kind of democratic anti-Fascist movement that Putin and the presidential administration was very much for . Things were going well for her . Suddenly she had this great fame . Then she meets journalists and starts spending time with journalists . What does that cause to happen in her life ? What happens ? What goes wrong ? Pedersen : Nashi actually means "  ours . " In Nashi they believe very much in Russia and that Russia should be the leader of 21st century , and to make  the country  the leader of the 21st century we need to support the ruling power . And if you do n't support the ruling power , if you 're critical towards Putin , you 're basically labeled an enemy . A lot of these young liberal journalists that Masha started to hang out with , they were very critical about Putin and his ruling . So Masha gets into this crowd and she 's warned by the leadership of Nashi that she should not mix with these people , that she could not in daytime believe in Putin and then in nighttime be friends with people who would criticize him . CNN : Can you give our audience some perspective on why Nashi was so important to both Putin and why their voice was so important on the national political scene ? If there are a lot of young people  in the U.S.  who band together and decide they want to support President Obama or some other politician , it 's not as if that group is going to make headlines every single day and their voice is going to be the top . Pedersen : Nashi was formed from above . It 's not like a grass-roots organization . It 's not like a young person would wake up in the suburb and then think "  Oh , I have to go out and support Putin and then form Nashi . " ... Nashi was formed by the political top . Its former leader is now a kind of youth minister . Nashi had a very specific mission . Nashi , the filmmaker adds , was Putin 's way of heading off anything like 2005 's "  Orange Revolution " in the Ukraine . Protesters took to the streets claiming that the re-election of the country 's president had been rigged . Demonstrators successfully demanded a recount that revealed the leader of the opposition party had actually won . Putin was very much afraid that young people would take to the streets and make revolution as well as what happened in the Ukraine . Nashi was formed to counteract something like that . During parliamentary elections four years ago , Nashi has this role to go in and occupy squares in major cities , mainly in Moscow and St. Petersburg . They would apply for  permits  to stay on the square and use the whole day for their action to prevent others from using the space . We see in the film the different methods they used to fight any opposition . CNN : How , logistically , did you go about making the film , considering your characters were in jeopardy all the time ?  The independent journalist who was beaten , Oleg Kashin , wrote a New York Times op-ed from his hospital room saying he suspected Nashi members were behind the attack . He wrote that one of his fingers needed to be amputated , his jaw and leg were broken and he had head injuries . Pedersen : What was difficult was that in the beginning , Masha wanted to draw a very positive picture of Nashi . I kept telling her I wanted to tell  both sides  . She most of the time , especially in the beginning , would make this picture of Nashi almost like a Boy Scout movement . As filming progressed , and she started to meet people who were criticizing Nashi , she actually still tried to keep away from meeting some of her new friends who had been critical toward Nashi . She was in a difficult process herself . Even to talk about it and let me see would have made it real to her . CNN : What is Masha up to now and what does she think of the film ? Pedersen : She is PR manager for a foreign investment firm . She is quite successful , but she has withdrawn from politics and from liberal journalists . She felt like she was very manipulated by both sides . When she saw the film , she told me she felt "  50/50 . " She liked the film , and thought it was a good portrait of her , but that it took the side of the journalists too much . CNN : What role is Nashi playing right now in Russian politics ? We saw an unprecedented number of anti-Putin protesters take to the streets just before the March election . Pederson : During the presidential election , Nashi were saying that there would be 20,000  members  on the streets of Moscow fighting the opposition . There has been activity ,  but  it 's a little difficult to say what . The thing with Nashi is that they grow every time there is an election . They tend to shrink during nonelection periods . People are saying that Nashi will disappear , but I 'm not sure about that . It 's a fantastic tool for the ruling power . Click here to see where "  Putin 's Kiss " is playing .	New documentary tells story of teen who famously kissed Russia 's president Masha Drokova was the spokeswoman for Nashi , a youth group Putin created Filmmaker : Masha became torn between Nashi and journalists who questioned it
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- As Democrats struggle to retain control of the Senate and retake control of the House , they are searching for issues to frame their campaigns . This is not easy , since the Democrats are in a difficult position . With President Obama 's low approval ratings , Democratic candidates wo n't want to focus on his record . With the economy likely to still be in laggard condition , Democrats wo n't be able to boast that it 's morning in America . With economic concerns front and center for most Americans , Democrats wo n't be able to make much headway with talk about the foreign policy successes of this administration . A number of retirements , including that of Massachusetts Rep. Barney Frank , have made the campaign even more challenging for the party . This does n't leave candidates with many options . Although some could focus on local issues , they will be under pressure to develop a national theme since Republican candidates will be talking critically about Obama . So what might Democrats talk about ? The most potent theme that the party has to offer is the issue of fairness . Democrats can claim that as Americans struggle to survive in this economy , the party has championed policies that aim to soften the blows voters are suffering and to provide support for the middle class in hard times . This is a familiar strategy for the Democratic Party . During the 1930s , according to the historian Lizabeth Cohen , the Democratic Party fought for a vision of moral capitalism whereby government and other institutions , such as unions , would lessen some of the suffering that could be inflicted in the free-market economy . During his acceptance speech at the 1936 Democratic convention , President Franklin D. Roosevelt said , "  Today we stand committed to the proposition that freedom is no half-and-half affair . If the average citizen is guaranteed equal opportunity in the polling place , he must have equal opportunity in the market place . These economic royalists  his opponents on Wall Street and in the business community  complain that we seek to overthrow the institutions of America . What they really complain of is that we seek to take away their power . " Fast forward to the 1982 midterm elections , when Democrats expanded the size of their majority in the House by 26 seats . The economy was suffering from a horrible recession . Republicans , who controlled the White House and Senate , took the blame . Democrats spent their campaigns talking about fairness and the unwillingness of President Ronald Reagan to support policies that did not privilege upper-income taxpayers and corporations . While Reagan spoke about the virtues of supply-side economics , House Speaker Tip O'Neill held hearings to bring attention to this issue . Rep. Peter Rodino said , "  Every American who cares about other Americans , who cares about civil rights and equal opportunity , who cares about clean air and clean water , who cares about poor people and old people and helpless people , ought to care about the 1982 House elections . " He warned that "  These wolves in wolves ' clothing -- ultra-conservative ideologues , religious fanatics , corporate fat cats , reborn Reaganites , the single-issue zealots -- are shoving traditional Republicans out the back door of their own party . " The 2012 election is obviously much different from any in the 1930s or 1982 . Nonetheless there are three issues through which Democrats have an opportunity to build on this theme . The first is taxes . Republicans have pushed for Congress to extend President George W. Bush 's tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans . Even though taking this step would only aggravate the deficit problem , the GOP has stood firm . At the same time , congressional Republicans have made it difficult to extend the payroll tax holiday that has benefited lower and middle income workers . Many Senate Republicans rebuffed their own leadership by voting against extending the cut . Other Republicans are bending , but slowly and after a lot of complaint . The optics could work against them . These tax positions create room for Democrats to challenge Republicans as being more supportive of helping the wealthy than average Americans . The accusations have already started . "  Scott Brown is ready to raise taxes on middle-class families already struggling to get back on their feet in order to protect millionaires and billionaires , " said John Walsh , the Massachusetts Democratic Party chairman , in a comment about the senator , who is facing a challenge from Harvard professor Elizabeth Warren . The second issue has been unemployment insurance . Throughout the past four years , Republicans have presented roadblocks to the extension of these benefits even as Americans have struggled with extraordinarily difficult economic challenges . Republicans have grudgingly accepted these extensions in exchange for other sorts of measures . While many Americans do n't like government , many understand and support the need for temporary assistance as people try to make ends meet . This is an area where Democrats can talk about a specific policy and win support for spending from an electorate that might be philosophically opposed to big government . Finally there is health care , an issue that is likely to be part of the campaign if the Supreme Court issues a ruling on the constitutionality of the law before the election . The debate over health care has ranged around a number of issues including the mandate and health care exchanges . But one of the biggest contributions of the program is to extend health insurance to over 30 million Americans who do n't have it . Fairness is the theme that offers a struggling Democratic Party the best opportunity to improve its standing in Congress . Some Democrats have already begun to outline the message . According to The Hill , New York Sen. Chuck Schumer explained that "  Simply attacking the wealthy is a bad idea . Saying the wealthy have to do their fair share is the right idea . " Unless economic conditions change dramatically , Democratic congressional candidates will be in a precarious position , even with the unhappiness about the GOP . Republicans at least have Obama as a straw man around which to build their campaigns . Democrats need their own theme . Focusing on Republican obstruction is one alternative , but more appealing might be a message and vision for dealing with the sluggish economic recovery in the coming years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer says Democrats need a national theme for their 2012 campaigns He says they should stress fairness and push measures to help poor , middle class He says GOP , by its stance on taxes and unemployment insurance , may alienate voters
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- Hip-hop artists do n't often smile , so it was no surprise that Libyan rapper MC Swat scowled suspiciously when I first walked into his cramped , cigarette smoke-filled studio in a former government building in Benghazi . This is where MC Swat , 23 , has been writing scathing lyrics about the Gadhafi regime ever since Libya 's uprising began in February . Libyan musicians and artists probably have a right to be wary of strangers . For decades , they say , they feared agents and paid informants of Moammar Gadhafi 's repressive regime who reported to the government any work they deemed hostile to the state . When asked what would happen if he rapped his anti-regime lyrics prior to Libya 's uprising , MC Swat said , "  I would be shot to death like Tupac , " referring to the American rapper killed in 1996 . But here in Benghazi , the opposition 's de facto capital , there 's no sign of Gadhafi 's loyalists anymore -- or the fear that kept artists like MC Swat quiet for so long . A newfound freedom of expression has sparked an explosion in revolutionary music and art . Much of it takes place in a five-story building -- a government building turned cultural center -- that is steps away from the Mediterranean Sea . The building 's hallways are covered with art and anti-regime cartoons , and the rooms are often buzzing through the wee hours of the morning with dozens of young revolutionary artists at work . "  Tomorrow we will take over our land , " MC Swat raps in his second-floor studio , his DJ and machine gun-toting friend by his side . "  Moammar , we 're coming with a mass revolution . " A few doors down , 26-year-old Saleh Dreisi sketches a giant caricature of Gadhafi . On the third floor , the rock band Guys Underground practices its latest song dedicated to the revolution . "  When you get in this building , you 're going to find yourself in another world , " said Marrawan Gargoun , the lead singer for Guys Underground . "  It 's like being Alice in Wonderland . It 's an amazing feeling I 've never had in my life . " "  It feels like we 're touching freedom , " said MC Swat , who often sleeps overnight in his studio . The revolution 's young artists say they represent the real Libya , and they bristle at allegations that Libya 's rebels include elements of al Qaeda and Islamist extremists . "  You can find men with beards , but they 're respectful Muslims , " MC Swat said . "  They 're not terrorists . You can see they have weapons , but they 're fighting for our freedom . They 're not al Qaeda . " Gagoun said , "  We were buried for 42 years , but this is the true Libya . "	A newfound freedom of speech has been embraced by Libyan musicians and artists One Libyan rocker : "  It 's an amazing feeling I 've never had in my life " The artists say the Libyan rebels have weapons , but they 're not terrorists
CNN  -- Valentino Rossi 's hopes of retaining his MotoGP title were shattered on Saturday when the nine-time world champion motorcyclist suffered a horrific crash in a practice session for his home race in Italy . The 31-year-old could be out for months after fracturing a shin bone in his leg when he was thrown from his Yamaha in the second session ahead of qualifying at Mugello . He had an operation on Saturday afternoon , the official MotoGP Web site reported , after being flown to Careggi Hospital in Florence and then moved to the orthopedic trauma center . "  It 's an injury more serious than we thought , because it 's an exposed fracture with the bone protruding from the skin , " Doctor Claudio Macchiagodena of the sport 's traveling medics Clinica Mobile told motogp.com . "  We have reduced the fracture , which fortunately has not affected any blood vessels or nerves . It is serious . " Doctor Roberto Buzzi , who performed the operation , said Rossi would be ruled out for at least two months . The rider , known as "  The Doctor " among other nicknames , could miss eight races , starting with Sunday 's Italian Grand Prix -- which he has won nine times . "  The surgery had good results , " Buzzi told motogp.com . "  The alignment was good and the bone is now stable . "  The wound remains open , as is usual in these cases , and it will be stitched in the next few days with another short surgery . We are confident that Valentino will be able to leave the hospital in a week to 10 days , able to put weight on the leg with the aid of crutches . "  It is difficult to say how long the post surgery rehabilitation will take . But I think that we can reasonably think of six weeks of partial weight-bearing with crutches , after which Valentino needs to be re-evaluated . " Rossi has not missed a race since his debut in the 125cc class in Malaysia in 1996 , but his record run of 230 successive GP starts will now end . He is second overall in the world championship standings this season , nine points behind Jorge Lorenzo of Spain , who will start Sunday 's race second on the grid behind compatriot Dani Pedrosa . Australia 's former world champion Casey Stoner qualified third ahead of Ducati teammate Nicky Hayden , whose veteran fellow American Colin Edwards was fifth on a Monster Yamaha Tech 3 . Pedrosa is fourth overall , 30 points behind Lorenzo , as he seeks his first win of 2010 . Lorenzo is seeking his third successive victory in what is the fourth race of the season . "  I want to say how sad I am for Valentino . I know how bad it is to be injured , especially at your home race , and it looks very painful for him , " the 23 year-old told motogp.com . "  I hope he recovers quickly because the championship will not be the same without him . "	MotoGP world champion Valentino Rossi to have operation after fracturing his leg Italian thrown off his bike during practice session ahead of home race in Mugello He will miss a race for the first time since his debut in the 125cc class in 1996 Championship leader Jorge Lorenzo qualifies second on grid behind Dani Pedrosa
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sasha and Malia Obama had front row seats for Monday night 's Kids ' Inaugural Concert , but jumped on stage when the Jonas Brothers invited them up . Michelle Obama and her daughters pose with actress Keke Palmer at the Kids ' Inaugural . Their mother -- incoming first lady Michelle Obama -- declared the show "  pretty cool . " Thousands of kids -- mostly children of military families -- danced and yelled in Washington 's Verizon Center as Miley Cyrus , Demi Lovato , Bow Wow , the Jonas Brothers and others performed . "  Are we fired up in here ? " Michelle Obama asked as she took the stage halfway through the two-hour show . "  Are we ready to go ? " Obama called on the young people to play a part in their country 's future now , in activities such as volunteering at shelters for the homeless , visiting elderly neighbors or writing letters of support to troops overseas . "  We all have something incredible to contribute to the life of this nation , " she said , adding , "  And kids , this means you , too , right ? " Sasha , 7 , kept her camera ready , getting photos of her favorite teen stars . While the Obama daughters have met many of the stars along the campaign trail in the past year , it was their first time to meet singer-actress Keke Palmer , a presenter at the show . Palmer , 15 , said Michelle Obama told her "  she was really proud of me . " Most of their backstage talk was about Palmer 's movies and TV show , she said . Like the Obamas , Palmer is a Chicago , Illinois , native .	NEW : At concert , Michelle Obama urges young people to get involved now Concert features the Jonas Brothers , Miley Cyrus , Bow Wow and Demi Lovato Billy Ray Cyrus , Keke Palmer and Usher make introductions Did you miss the show ? It 's available later on Disney.com
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe published a draft constitutional amendment in the government gazette Saturday , paving the way for the power-sharing agreement reached after violence disrupted this year 's presidential election . President Robert Mugabe , left , and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai signed the deal in July . Constitutional Amendment 19 details the posts and institutions that were created by the power-sharing deal , including the position of prime minister intended for Morgan Tsvangirai , leader of the Movement for Democratic Change . The publication of the draft is the first step in creating a law in Zimbabwe . For the law to pass , it must be appear before parliament in 30 days , according to the country 's constitution . If it is approved , it will be sent to Mugabe for his signature . The deal arose after Tsvangirai withdrew from a June 27 runoff days before the vote , saying Mugabe 's supporters had waged a campaign of violence and intimidation against opposition supporters . The two leaders signed the initial agreement , brokered by former South African President Thabo Mbeki , in July but have failed to agree on how to form a cabinet . The MDC , the main opposition party , noted that Mugabe 's latest move does not legalize the amendment . "  Gazetting the bill -- which was done by -LSB- Mugabe 's party -RSB- Zanu-PF -- does not automatically translate into passing it into law , " MDC spokesman Nelson Chamisa said . "  That can only take place if outstanding issues have been addressed . Otherwise we will not support the bill . " The two parties agreed last month to the draft amendment during talks in South Africa , but Chamisa warned then that problems remained . "  We have differed with Zanu-PF for a long time while the citizens suffer , but fortunately we have agreed on something . I need to hasten to mention that we still have some outstanding issues , such as the cabinet , appointment of diplomats , " he said in late November . Zanu-PF lost its majority in the parliament in the March elections . As no party has the two-thirds majority to pass the law , its passage relies on MDC support . If parliament does not approve the amendment , Mugabe may call for new elections , Zimbabwe Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa told state-run daily newspaper The Herald . "  I envisage that it will require two weeks for it to be debated and passed through both Houses . If no support is forthcoming , it means that Amendment Number 19 Bill will be dead matter , " Chinamasa is quoted as saying The Herald . "  In the event that the collaboration that we envisage is not forthcoming , then that will necessitate fresh harmonized elections at some point in time , " he said , according to The Herald . Tsvangirai won the most votes in the March election , but not enough to avoid a runoff , according to the government 's official count . South African President Kgalema Motlanthe , chairman of the Southern African Development Community , welcomed the draft . "  The gazetting of Amendment 19 of the Zimbabwean Constitution is indeed a major step towards the formation of an inclusive government in Zimbabwe , " he said in a written statement . "  We urge the Zimbabwean political parties to establish an inclusive government . " Meanwhile , the country is battling a cholera outbreak that has killed nearly 800 people since August , according to the World Health Organization . More than 16,000 people have been infected , WHO said . This week , Mugabe declared that "  there is no cholera in the country . " His spokesman later said Mugabe was sarcastically ridiculing what he believes are Western designs to invade the country . Another Zimbabwean official , Information Minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu , said Friday that the disease was a "  calculated , racist attack on Zimbabwe by the unrepentant former colonial power , which has enlisted support from its American and Western allies so that they can invade the country . " Britain ruled the country as a colony until 1965 . Ndlovu 's claims triggered quick and pointed reaction from Britain and the United States . In Washington , State Department spokesman Rob McInturff called Ndlovu 's accusations "  patently ridiculous . "	Amendment paves way for power-sharing deal after violence disturbed election President Robert Mugabe , MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai signed deal in July Amendment describes prime minister post intended for opposition leader Tsvangirai Parliament must approve amendment before Mugabe can sign it into effect
CNN  -- There 's probably a belt in this guy 's future . After much discussion and online gnashing of teeth about the disheveled pitchman for travel company Trivago , the Germany-based company has heeded the call for a Trivago Guy makeover . You know the guy : Rumpled shirt , five o'clock shadow , tousled hair and no belt  Why no belt ? many have pondered  . There 's a contest under way to find a new outfit for American actor and musician Tim Williams , aka the Trivago Guy . The winner will receive a five-day getaway to Berlin , Germany , to see the filming of a new commercial featuring a spiffed-up Williams . Just post a photo of an outfit from your closet or a store on the Facebook contest page or via Twitter or Instagram using #trivagoGuy by August 24 to be considered . Feel free to model the outfit yourself . Voting for the winning look begins August 28 on Facebook . But does Williams , 48 , feel like he needs a makeover ? "  Why not ? I think it 's fun , and I would definitely like to have somebody else 's opinion on my outfits . And why not let the American public choose ? " Williams said . "  Do I need a makeover ? No . Do I want one ? Kind of , yeah . " What he does n't want , though , is to look like every other slick TV pitchman . Williams ' original Trivago look is the work of a European stylist . He tried on a number of outfits and Trivago made the final call . "  I had a belt on at one point , and it just did n't kind of go with the outfit and we scrapped the belt . It 's probably one of the best decisions we ever came up with because look what it 's created , " Williams said . What it 's created , among American fans and critics , is much speculation about this mystery man . Did he just roll in on a red-eye or out of bed or off a bender ? Hard to say . And that , it seems , is what has people fascinated . "  It 's that ` divorcee who keeps scotch in the glovebox ' look , " according to one Twitter user who replicated the distinctive look for himself . "  I 've decided the â $ ª #trivagoGuy is what happened when the â $ ª #TommyBahama guy lost his wife and started smoking lots of pot , " said another . The real guy is based in Berlin , where he recently finished a two-and-a-half year stint playing an American rock star on German soap opera "  Gute Zeiten , schlechte Zeiten "  "  Good times , bad times "  . That role is actually the reason for the semi-shaven , tousled coiffure of the Trivago ad . On the show he had longer hair and a goatee , so he had to retain some of that to be ready for his rock star role , complete with goatee , a week after shooting the ad . Williams had an early acting role on the "  Cosby Show " and he has also appeared on "  Law and Order " and on New York stages . He has released an EP called "  Temporary Man , " and is an avid wearer of belts . And for those fans who find his rough-and-tumble Trivago look rather fetching , you 'll be pleased to know that Williams is single "  and loving it . "	A makeover contest aims to spiff up the disheveled "  Trivago Guy " Tim Williams , the actor who stars in Trivago commercials , is open to improvements "  Do I need a makeover ? No . Do I want one ? Kind of , yeah "
CNN  -- Like Amanda Berry , who ran to freedom Monday after years in captivity , Tonia Carmichael was abducted and held by a male captor not far from her Cleveland home . Berry , whom police took to safety along with two other women they rescued from a home at 2207 Seymour Ave. , could be seen healthy and beaming in a photo snapped Monday at an area hospital . She endured 10 years of confinement , but her life will go on . Carmichael was less fortunate . Her life and those of 10 others ended just over five miles away in the notorious "  House of Horrors , " at 12205 Imperial Ave. , at the hands of convicted sex offender Anthony Sowell , who had moved to the address after serving 15 years in prison for attempted rape . Many of their bodies were exhumed in October 2009 from shallow graves on Sowell 's property . When news of the serial killing broke back then , the investigation revealed that all of the victims had ties to the neighborhood where they died . Things in common At that time , the grisly graveyard at Sowell 's Cleveland home made Berry 's aunt think of her lost niece . "  She 's got to be around  her neighborhood  somewhere then , " Gale Mitchell told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Monday . Indeed , Mitchell was onto something . Berry and one of the other women , whom police say Ariel Castro held captive , disappeared from the same neighborhood , within five blocks of each other , starting in 2003 . The third one was last seen about two miles away from the neighborhood , according to the Cleveland Plain Dealer . Berry was 16 when she vanished on April 21 , 2003 , after she left her job at a Burger King just a few blocks away from home , the FBI said then . Mitchell never gave up hope that Berry was still alive . "  Me and my daughter -- neither one did , " she said . She was ecstatic when she heard her niece is free and still alive . "  I 'm just happy and excited , " she said . "  It 's just so great ! " Unfortunately , Berry 's mother , Louwana Miller , died in 2006 . She did not live long enough to share in the joy . "  She went with a broken heart , " Mitchell lamented . Berry and the two others had something else in common : They were teenagers at the time of their abductions . Georgina DeJesus was 14 , when she went missing . Michele Knight was 19 . House of Horrors The House of Horror victims also had a common profile : They were all African-American mothers who had hit upon hard times . Almost all of them struggled with drug addiction at some time in their lives , and many turned to prostitution and stealing to support their habits , according to court records . Carmichael , who was 52 when she vanished , had routinely left home for days or weeks at a time . So , on November 10 , 2008 , when her children heard she was missing , it seemed , sadly , like nothing new . She was gone . Four women had fallen victim to Sowell before her . Six more followed her . Most of them were over 40 . They all disappeared in the same neighborhood , and their bodies lay on one man 's property . Apparently no one noticed . Carmichael 's body was the first to be identified . Her remains were unearthed from a grave in the backyard , decayed beyond recognition , except for plastic jewelry falling off her skeletal fingers . Police believe the women were easy prey for Sowell . Nobody cared ? Criminologists say serial killers often target people whose lives may be messy or off the grid -- prostitutes , runaways and drug users -- because their absences might not raise red flags , even for their families . After pleading not guilty by reason of insanity , Sowell was convicted in July 2011 of 11 murders , a few rapes and other related charges , according to the Cleveland Plain Dealer . The court sentenced him to death . After the bodies were discovered , other women came forward , alleging Sowell attacked them . His home was in a neighborhood that care forgot . His two-story house sat in a dilapidated neighborhood known as Mount Pleasant , where one in five homes were in foreclosure and at least a third of the residents receive food stamps , according to a study by Case Western Reserve University 's Center on Urban Poverty and Community Development . Neighbors and even a councilman had failed to realize that a stench wafting in the area around Sowell 's home was rotting human flesh . Some in the neighborhood complained then that another factor may have been in play : No one cared when 11 destitute African-American women died . Trend : escaping alive More and more people who were abducted escape alive , a spokesman for a nonprofit organization that tracks missing children told Anderson Cooper . "  We are seeing more of them being found as survivors like the three women in Cleveland , " said John D. Ryan , CEO of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . But years in captivity can turn into decades of confinement . "  We actually celebrated this past summer the longest recovery of a missing person , " Ryan said . A boy kidnapped at age 2 was found 41 years later and reunited with his mother . Despite the proximity of the House of Horrors and the similarities between these two grim cases , there is one difference that many were cheering Monday . The girls who were allegedly abducted and held at 2207 Seymour Ave. made it out alive .	The abductions of women freed Monday have things in common with the "  House of Horrors " In October 2009 , 11 female bodies were discovered at one man 's property The women in both cases had things in common with each other In both cases , the abductions occurred in a neighborhood the women knew
CNN  -- As Christmas arrives , eyes turn naturally toward Bethlehem , where the Prince of Peace was supposedly born just over 2,000 years ago . Countless Christians -- some devout , others wedded to force of habit -- arrive at a vast array of churches that represent one of the thousands of known denominations . Indeed , the World Christian Encyclopedia suggests that over 33,820 denominations can be identified in almost 200 countries . That 's a lot of splintering over two millennia ! Still , it 's difficult to keep in mind that Christmas is a religious and not a shopping thing , and retailers deck the halls with whatever it takes to draw you in : candy canes , evergreen wreaths , mangers , images of Santa , Frosty the Snowman , you name it . The loudspeakers in malls throb with lousy holiday Muzak : "  Sleigh bells ring . Are you listenin ? " In fact , Christmas is as much a secular event as a spiritual one , a civil holiday that accounts for over 19 % of yearly retail sales ; that translated to $ 3 trillion in sales last year . For purveyors of goods , there is every reason to believe in Christmas . But what do Christians who take their religion seriously really think about Christmas ? Most of them , I suspect , do n't think about it much . They enjoy the lead-up to the day itself -- the sense of expectation -- in the month before Christmas , a time known as Advent , with its special hymns and prayers . The rhythms of the so-called Church Year are heavily dependent on Christmas , with the 25th of December as a peak of sorts -- a moment of hope that comes at the darkest time of the year , not incidentally related to winter solstice , a calendar moment when the day is shortest , the night longest , at least in the Northern Hemisphere . In fact , midwinter festivals , including Saturnalia and Dies Natalis Solis Invicti , were broadly celebrated in ancient Rome . In ancient Egypt , there was a festival that marked the birth of a child sun-god , Horus , whose mother  called Isis  was a virgin . Indeed , this child was "  laid in a manger , " one of many similarities with the Christmas story . Scholars have been all over this , going back to one of the earliest Christian writers , St. Epiphanius of Salamis , who noted the similarities .  The details of this connection will be found in a recent book by Barbara G. Walker and D.M. Murdock , "  Man Made God : A Collection of Essays " . There is just no doubt that ancient cultures felt a strong need to proclaim the season of a new "  sun , " the start of the fresh agricultural and astrological season that signaled hope "  in the bleak midwinter , " as the beautiful Christian hymn puts it well . But the earliest Christian writer , the Apostle Paul , whose writings precede the four Gospels by decades , seems never to have heard of Christmas . Although his many famous letters occupy a large space in the New Testament , Paul fails to mention even once the manger in Bethlehem , the hovering star , the wise men , angels keeping watch over their flocks by night , Joseph and Mary on the run -- anything that we normally associate with this major church festival . Why is this ? Was the early Christian church wholly unaware of the origins of Jesus ? It 's worth noting that the earliest of the gospels , Mark , makes no mention whatsoever of Christmas . Nor does the fourth Gospel , John , where the only vague allusion to the origins of Jesus occurs in the opening hymn , where we read : "  In the beginning was the Word . " No manger , no hovering star . Nothing but this haunting mystical Greek hymn about "  the Word , " which in Greek is logos , one of the least translatable of Greek words and one that I would myself translate as "  understanding . " But there was , among early Christian gatherings , a strong need to have a myth of origins , a story about the beginnings of the man who ultimately became the Messiah , the Christ . Probably drawing on Persian myths , Matthew and Luke came up with Christmas stories that have almost nothing in common . They ca n't be reconciled , in fact . In Matthew , we get the three kings . We get Herod the Great issuing an order that all children under a certain age should be killed . We get Jesus being whisked away by his parents to Egypt , where he remains in hiding until it 's safe to return . In Luke we get a kinder and gentler Christmas , with no wise men , no mean Herod , no flight to Egypt . Instead , we get the shepherds keeping a watch over their flocks by night . As any Jewish male would , if born to devout parents , the baby Jesus was taken to the great Temple in Jerusalem to be circumcised . It 's a lovely story . Christians did n't celebrate Christmas in the first two centuries . In fact , the major early writers of Christianity fail to mention the holiday at all , and one of them -- Origen of Alexandria -- actually made fun of birth celebrations , regarding such anniversaries as a pagan practice . It was n't until the middle of the fourth century that almanacs began to list Christmas as a celebration . As Christianity moved into Western Europe , the idea of Advent as a major season that culminated in Christmas obviously caught on . It linked to various local traditions , in Germany and Scandinavia and elsewhere . There were old Celtic celebrations associated with the winter solstice that connected to the idea of "  Yule , " which means "  Wheel of the Year , " and these ceremonial occasions involved the burning of a "  Yule log . " Brightly decorated trees were also part of the celebration , and this obviously carried over into Christian practices . The great success of Christianity in the world had much to do with its ability to assimilate earlier religious traditions wherever it was transplanted , and the Christmas season must be considered a melange of many ancient and meaningful practices . But one must never forget that Christians themselves -- and I am one of them -- consider this a holy time , a time of spiritual renewal , a time of the year when darkness opens to the possibility of light . Whatever the specifics of his birth , Jesus became the Light of the World for those who follow his path . He is , indeed , the Prince of Peace , and he invites us to a change of heart , a way of overcoming violence in the world with love and grace . This is the Good News that the gospel writers proclaimed .	Jay Parini : In the retail rush of Christmas , people do n't ponder where holiday came from He says it coincides with winter solstice and other ancient midwinter festivals He says two Gospels do n't mention Christmas tale and two others do n't get stories straight Parini : Christmas a melange of ancient and meaningful practices
CNN  "  In order to attain the impossible , one must attempt the absurd , " wrote Miguel de Cervantes , the Shakespeare of Spain . And the quest to find his remains has sometimes seemed both , even  dare one say it  quixotic in a time of recession . But forensic scientists have persevered , and appear to have triumphed . Almost 400 years after Cervantes ' death , a team led by Francisco Etxeberria announced Tuesday that they were confident they had found Cervantes ' coffin in the crypt of the Convent of the Barefoot Trinitarians in the Barrio de Las Letras  Literary Quarter  in Madrid . Historical records indicated Cervantes had been buried there , but the convent had been substantially rebuilt since .  Etxeberria , incidentally , performed the autopsy on former Chilean President Gen. Salvador Allende , confirming he had committed suicide . At a news conference in Madrid on Tuesday , Etxeberria said that while there was no mathematical proof or DNA test available to completely verify the findings , there were "  many coincidences and no discrepancies " in the examination of "  Osario 32 , " a common grave in the crypt that contained the remains of 16 people . "  We have Cervantes , represented in some form in this group of bones that are unfortunately very degraded and very fragmented , " Etxeberria told national television . The search for Cervantes ' coffin -- using radar -- began last year , funded by the Madrid City Council . It first mapped more than 30 burial cavities in the walls and nearly 5 meters beneath the floor of the church . Mass spectrometry dated fragments of wood and cloth found in these cavities to the 17th century , an encouraging but far from conclusive development . One crumbling coffin found in January had the initials "  M C " hammered in nail heads , along with a jumble of skeletal remains . Even then Exteberria urged caution , but further research has narrowed the odds . The forensic team had been hoping that some of those remains would positively identify Cervantes , who suffered gunshot wounds in the chest and left hand at the Battle of Lepanto in 1571 . But they are not in sufficiently good shape , and some of the remains found may be of Cervantes ' wife , Catalina de Salazar . Nor will DNA analysis be much help , for there are no known descendants of Cervantes . Catalina was not Cervantes ' first partner . As a teenager he ran away from home with a barmaid , Josefina de Perez , before enlisting with the Spanish Navy . It was only in the 1580s that he started to write , publishing "  La Galatea " in 1585 and his most famous work , "  Don Quixote , " in 1605 -- or to give its full title , "  The Adventures of the Ingenious Nobleman Don Quixote of La Mancha . " But "  Don Quixote " would hardly be noticed in Cervantes ' lifetime , and he was almost penniless when he died , having joined the Third Order of St. Francis in his declining years . He knew he was dying when he wrote in the prologue of a posthumously published novel , "  Perhaps the time may come when I mend again this broken thread and say what words fail me here and what needed to be said . Farewell , waggish jokes ; farewell , wittiness ; farewell , merry friends , for I am dying and longing soon to see you , happy in the life to come . " Cervantes was buried on April 23,1616 -- in the same week William Shakespeare died . There are now plans to reinter Cervantes at the convent and build a new entrance to the crypt in time for the 400th anniversary of Cervantes ' death next year . Tyler Fisher , a lecturer in Hispanic studies at Royal Holloway College in London , says that such exhumations "  ignite public attention , inspire re-readings , and invest an all-but-forgotten corner of the city with a renewed , imaginative depth . " Cervantes might enjoy all the attention . Many literary critics say he was not aware of his own genius . John Ormsby , a scholar and translator of Cervantes ' work in the 19th century , wrote of "  Don Quixote , " "  Never was a great work so neglected by its author . " CNN 's Helena Cavendish de Moura contributed to this report .	Scientists say they 've found the burial place of the influential author Miguel de Cervantes died in 1616
The Supreme Court delivered a Christmas present to Arizona DREAMers . You remember the DREAMers . This is one of the few cohorts of illegal immigrants who are actually innocent of wrongdoing since they were brought here as children by their parents . Although many DREAMers are reluctant to acknowledge this fact , it 's the parents who did something wrong when they violated immigration law . But , in this country , we do n't punish children for the sins of their parents . Instead , where it makes sense , we make accommodations . One such accommodation is Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals  DACA  , a program by the Obama administration that allows undocumented youths to apply for a temporary reprieve from deportation and a two-year work permit . But what good is a job if you ca n't get to it ? And so now , thanks to the high court and lower federal courts , the estimated 22,000 DREAMers in Arizona can finally do what thousands of other young adults do each year in the Grand Canyon State : apply for a driver 's license . That 's appropriate . Many of these people are driving anyway , and they have been for years . Why not give them a license and make them buy insurance ? Besides , under DACA , these kids are working and paying taxes to the state of Arizona -- some of which go to build roads . How can state officials deny these people the right to drive on roads they helped build ? This historic development came about despite the best efforts by state officials to block it , as a way of protesting the administration 's policy . Whereas officials in most states made no attempt to deny DREAMers driver 's licenses , Arizona once again outdid itself . Along with Nebraska , it was one of only two states to deny driving privileges to DACA recipients . In 2012 , Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer -- who had already used the immigration issue and her support for a tough state law that required local police to enforce federal immigration statutes to scare up enough votes to win re-election in 2010 -- went so far as to sign an executive order that barred DREAMers from obtaining driver 's licenses . Normally , the issue of jurisdiction would be a slam dunk . Regulating driving privileges is the job of states . But , when state officials arbitrarily deny one group of people a benefit enjoyed by others -- especially for crass political reasons -- the federal courts must step in and correct the injustice . Recently , the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals began the process of making such a correction when it ruled that Brewer 's prohibition of driver 's licenses for DREAMers was likely unconstitutional and told a lower court to issue a temporary injunction preventing state officials from enforcing the executive order . In a 6-3 decision , the Supreme Court declined to review the lower court ruling and denied Brewer 's request for a stay . U.S. District Court Judge David Campbell will hold a hearing on January 7 to hear oral arguments and decide whether to make the injunction permanent . Within days of the high court 's ruling , DREAMers  for the Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act  started lining up at Arizona Department of Transportation offices around the state to apply for driver 's licenses . In Arizona , and around the country , we can spend the next few years haggling over the details of what the actual driver 's licenses look like . Some states might choose to add distinguishing marks to driver 's licenses that go to the undocumented . Some states have already done that , for instance , stamping the words : "  For Driving Purposes Only " or "  Not for Identification " on top of some licenses . This prevents these documents from being used for other purposes , such as boarding airplanes . If they were meant for driving , then it 's fine to limit their uses to driving . There is nothing wrong with these distinguishing marks , and if allowing them breaks the political impasse in some states and lets people drive legally who might not otherwise have that privilege , then all the better . But this story is about much more than being able to drive . It 's about DREAMers stepping up and declaring their loyalty to the United States and their intent to stay here . Where else do they have to go ? They came here as children -- in fact , some as infants -- and they 've lived here most of their lives . This is their country , just as much as it is yours or mine . They 're not here to subvert our way of life , but to join it . They want to be part of the family . And , given the initiative and perseverance they 've shown in just getting this far , we should welcome that . Think about what happened recently when about 40 DREAMers -- from Arizona , Colorado , Texas , California , New York and New Mexico -- decided to do what nativists tell them to do and "  go back to Mexico . " The nativists want DREAMers to go one-way , but this group went round-trip . I 've interviewed some of these travelers , including Erika Andiola and Cesar Vargas , the outspoken co-directors of the Dream Action Coalition . During the trip , which was organized by the Mexican Embassy and Mexico 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and made possible because of the limited travel privileges that come with DACA , something happened that was interesting but not totally unexpected . After spending years in the United States being viewed as Mexicans , once the DREAMers got to Mexico , they were treated as Americans . And , the more the DREAMers interacted with native Mexicans , the more it became clear that this is how they see themselves as well . Living in the United States has shaped their world view in profound ways that ca n't be undone . It 's been said that these undocumented youths are caught between two worlds . Perhaps . But now we know that they only belong in one country . This one .	Ruben Navarrette : Supreme Court gave an early Christmas gift to Arizona DREAMers The estimated 22,000 DREAMers in the state can finally apply for a driver 's license He says DREAMers are innocent of any wrongdoing and are loyal to the U.S. Navarrette : They 're not here to subvert our way of life , but to join it and contribute to society
Editor 's note : The author has ridden motorcycles more than 125,000 miles since 1999 , including solo trips from Georgia to California and Canada . She takes us inside the world of motorcycle travel . Bikers approach Mount Mitchell , North Carolina , during a road trip through the Blue Ridge Mountains . SHENANDOAH NATIONAL PARK , Virginia  CNN  -- We were parked at a peaceful , shady overlook beside Virginia 's Skyline Drive , admiring the green mountains and the river far below , when Keith realized he needed a new rear tire , and he needed it now . A bald tire is a serious problem when you 're traveling by motorcycle : We do n't carry spare tires , for obvious reasons , and a blowout on two wheels could be life-threatening . Keith decided he could make it 100 miles to the Harley-Davidson dealership in Richmond , Virginia , as long as we kept it slow , so our seven bikes headed that way . It 's been said that a great trip in a car is like watching a first-rate movie -- but a great trip on a motorcycle is like living the movie . For our road trip , we had chosen an eight-day itinerary from our homes outside Atlanta , Georgia , through the mountains of North Carolina and Virginia , then east to the Atlantic shoreline and south along the coastal islands of the Outer Banks . The trip offered a spectacular ride up the Blue Ridge Parkway , a winding two-lane that clings to the ridgeline through North Carolina and Virginia . The elevation often reaches 5,000 feet or more , so temperatures were cool despite a heat wave down below . See map " Our motorcycle motorcade passed panoramas of blue-tinged mountains and rolling meadows set off by split-rail fences . We motored through dense forests whose overhanging branches turned the road into a cool green tunnel . Rhododendrons and mountain laurels in bloom lined the road . See photos of this Harley road trip " It all looks better from a motorcycle , because you 're so immersed in it -- not just looking out from inside a cage of steel and glass . In fact , we call cars cages and the people who drive them -- you guessed it -- cagers . See how motorcycle travel differs from car travel " The smells were intense : fresh-cut hay , pine trees baking in the sun , honeysuckle -- and sometimes , the not-so-pleasant aroma of ripening roadkill . Songs of determined birds rang out over the rumble of the motors . Riding a motorcycle on a road like this is a physical pleasure , too , as you lean right , then left , then right , to guide the bike smoothly through the parkway 's sweeping curves . You swoop , you glide -- it 's like dancing , or like those dreams where you 're flying . In Virginia , Skyline Drive offered an abundance of wildlife . We saw five deer in 40 miles , including a small fawn with its mother -- none of them close enough to threaten a collision , and all of them smart enough to run the other way when they saw us coming . Finally we arrived at the dealership in Richmond to replace Keith 's balding tire . We knew we 'd be there for a while -- so we made ourselves at home . We ordered pizza to be delivered and Neil brought in his laptop so everyone could upload their snapshots . It might seem strange for customers to take over a retail establishment , but a Harley dealership always feels like home . There 's a strong sense of community among motorcycle riders  and by extension , the stores  . Almost all riders wave to other riders on the road , whether they 're on Harleys like ours or small , speedy sport bikes or huge , silent Honda Gold Wings . Bikers fall into conversations with other bikers as if we already know each other because -- in a way -- we do . We 've all experienced the same joys and aggravations -- but it 's mostly joys . One of those pleasures is how people go out of their way to be helpful or to strike up a conversation with a group of bikers . All kinds of folks wave to us on the road -- from Boy Scouts selling doughnuts on a street corner , to a man walking his dog , to shy-but-fascinated kids in a car stopped next to us at a traffic light . A couple of hours  and several hundred dollars  later , Keith 's tire was replaced and we headed for Elizabeth City , North Carolina . We hit a huge blanket of smoke from a massive wildfire about 40 miles away . The thick , yellowish smoke made the rural landscape look like another planet , with the late-afternoon sun glowing red through the haze . The next morning , the smoke was gone , and we headed for the Outer Banks and a day of lazy meandering toward Ocracoke , the southernmost town on the string of narrow islands . We stopped at the Currituck Beach Lighthouse , built in 1875 . The sight of a long line of other tourists persuaded us not to climb its 214 steps . At the Wright Brothers National Memorial near Kitty Hawk , we checked out the windy dune where aviation began and rode our bikes around a monument to Orville and Wilbur . We spent the next day in Ocracoke investigating artsy-craftsy shops in the village and stores that sell hokey pirate souvenirs , in honor of the fact that Ocracoke was supposedly a hangout of the legendary pirate known as Blackbeard . We watched descendants of the island 's wild ponies that now live in a fenced-in pasture to safeguard them from traffic . The final leg of our trip began with a two-hour ferry ride from the island to the mainland . But we came to a standstill the next day in traffic in Marion , South Carolina -- which was cause for some concern . Most Harley engines are air-cooled , so we ca n't just leave them idling for long periods because they can overheat . We managed to turn off the highway onto a series of small side roads , where we pulled over to figure out our next move . A mini-van pulled up beside us . "  Where are y' all trying to go ? " the passenger asked . "  I-95 , " we said . "  Come on ! " she yelled , signaling us to follow . After a few turns , we were on I-95 , waving our thanks to the mini-van . By the time we reached Georgia , it was obvious there was a thunderstorm between us and home . Despite the 10-minute cloudburst , we were too hot to stop and put on rain suits . We did slow down , since it 's hard to see with rain running down your face shield or glasses . Soon we went our separate ways toward home . But I would have been ready to leave on another long motorcycle trip the next day , if it were n't for the suitcase full of dirty laundry and the need to deal with real life for a while . The unfiltered sights and smells , the enjoyment of riding , the companionship of other riders , the friendly encounters with strangers -- there 's nothing like it .	Bikers : Motorcycle road trips are more exciting than in other vehicles "  It 's like dancing , or like those dreams where you 're flying , " says Harley owner Follow CNN.com writer 's road trip through Blue Ridge Mountains , Outer Banks Eight-day ride includes tire repair , wildfire , Kitty Hawk , pirate lore , wild ponies
CNN  -- The mother of a missing toddler on Monday was arrested in connection with an alleged theft from one of her friends , Florida authorities said . Monday 's arrest of Casey Anthony , mother of missing 3-year-old Caylee Anthony , was her second relating to the theft case and her third since the child disappeared three months ago . The latest charges -- passing a forged check , fraudulent use of personal identification and petty theft , according to an arrest affidavit released by the Orange County Sheriff 's Office -- related to a theft from Casey Anthony 's friend Amy Huizenga , authorities said . Anthony and her missing daughter have garnered national headlines and served as fodder for nightly crime shows , which show pictures of the wide-eyed toddler during their coverage . Watch Nancy Grace with the latest on the arrest " Caylee disappeared in mid-June , and her mother waited nearly a month before reporting the disappearance , authorities said . Since then , evidence has mounted that Caylee is dead , authorities said . Anthony was first arrested on July 16 after she told detectives lies about her daughter 's disappearance , according to police . She was charged with child neglect , making false official statements and obstructing a criminal investigation . While out on bail , Anthony on August 29 was arrested on suspicion of forgery , fraudulent use of personal information and petty theft related to the Huizenga case . She remained in jail until early September , when her $ 500,000 bail was posted anonymously . Police have labeled Anthony a "  person of interest " in the case of her missing daughter . Anthony initially said she did n't immediately report her daughter missing because she was conducting her own investigation . Later , she told police she gave Caylee to a baby sitter . But investigators said they soon learned that the address she gave them was an apartment that had n't been occupied for months .	Mother of missing 3-year-old Caylee Anthony charged with theft Arrest is her second relating to alleged theft from friend Authorities : Casey Anthony waited nearly a month before she reported girl missing Casey Anthony is "  person of interest " in disappearance , authorities say
CNN  -- A group of African-American church leaders announced Wednesday their intention to join ranks with the Occupy movement in the nation 's capital , bolstering what some consider a mutual message of condemning income inequality and social injustice . The move comes against the backdrop of evictions of Occupy protesters encamped in city parks and squares across the United States , raising questions about whether the two groups can capitalize on momentum gained by the months-long movement . "  We are occupying until poverty is eradicated , " pastor Jamal Harrison Bryant told reporters at the National Press Club in Washington , near where a core group of activists remains encamped . The two groups plan to gather during a national "  day of action " scheduled for January 16 , set to coincide with the commemoration of former civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. . But could Wednesday 's announcement signify that Occupy is now shifting toward more established forms of influence ? "  Every successful movement begins with a grievance and turns into an agenda , " said Bill Galston , a senior fellow at the Washington-based Brookings Institution . By linking up with black church leaders , he said , the group can tap into a community with years of experience in social movements . Since September , activists have gathered to draw attention to corporate greed and the excesses of the so-called 1 % , a reference to the nation 's elite , who protesters say wield disproportionate influence over the rest of the country . Their message , though popular , has also been criticized for its lack of focus . But on Wednesday , church leaders outlined a more specific call to lawmakers , asking for a moratorium on foreclosures , an increase in federal Pell grants to students and added national funding for job training . In past months demonstrators have largely shunned established political figures , wary of being co-opted by outside influence . And yet outside groups have largely been involved , swelling demonstrator marches with union ranks in cities like New York , where activists first encamped in a lower Manhattan park . "  When they had physical spaces , then the point was to be there , " added Galston of the encampments . "  But the movement has to move from occupation to something else . " Last month , authorities in New York , Los Angeles and Philadelphia dismantled tents and arrested protesters who refused to leave city parks and squares . On Saturday , police arrested 46 people in Boston , sweeping through a downtown square to evict people rooted there since late September . "  I think there is a danger " the movement could lose momentum without these physical spaces , said Elisabeth Jacobs , a Brookings fellow in governance studies . "  But I 'm not sure that it 's a foregone conclusion . "  There 's a pretty lively Web space for this community . " But whether the movement can evolve into an "  Occupy 2.0 " could be key to its survival as a relevant social movement in the months and years ahead . That evolution may also require adopting more institutional forms of influence , such as lobbying and use of the courts , which protesters have often labeled corrupt . "  People might be a little frustrated that the movement is taking a new shape , " Jacobs said . But with the loss of landmark encampments in places like Manhattan 's Zuccotti Park and Boston 's Dewey Square , "  I 'm not sure what they 're actually trying to accomplish if they do n't adapt . " The group 's Twitter feed , meanwhile , remained abuzz with online activity on Wednesday . "  How do we take back our govt from corrupt and incompetent elected officials ? " read one post . "  Keep the dream ALIVE , " read another . CNN 's Stacey Samuel in Washington contributed to this report .	A group of African-American church leaders announce they 'll join the Occupy movement "  We are occupying until poverty is eradicated , " says pastor Jamal Harrison Bryant The two groups plan to gather during a national "  day of action " scheduled for January 16
CNN  Fox 's smash hit series "  Empire " had its season finale on Wednesday night , and the ratings once again grew . According to Deadline , the drama reached 16.5 million viewers , up 10 % from the 14.9 million who tuned in the week before . The show has managed to grow its total audience every week since its premiere , a rare feat in the television landscape . Deadline notes that it 's the best showing for a new series in a decade . Most fans were not disappointed with Wednesday night 's season finale . As the show aired , #EmpireFinale was a worldwide trending topic on Twitter , and the show got its most tweets ever during the two-hour finale . The show about the passionate Lyon family and the drama surrounding them and their record label has been a TV phenomenon , with ratings growing weekly . Its soundtrack scored a rare success this week , debuting in the No. 1 spot on Billboard 's top 200 album chart , topping Madonna 's "  Rebel Heart . " Danny Strong told Deadline that he and fellow "  Empire " creator Lee Daniels have steered the series to be both socially conscious  issues of race and sexuality were central to the plot  and night-time soapy . "  I think that 's one of the secrets of success to the show , " Strong said . "  That it 's working on both levels , and the layered character drama grounds the juicy soap turns . So the soap turns are a blast , but we have this drama there that also keeps it emotional and real . " In January , the network announced plans for a second season .	16.5 million people watched the season finale The show 's first season ended Wednesday night The soundtrack topped Billboard 's album chart
If you have ambitions of being one of the first people on Mars , listen up : A Dutch company says it is moving along with its plan to send four lucky Earthlings to colonize the Red Planet . The catch : They wo n't ever come back . The Mars One foundation announced Tuesday that it has secured lead suppliers for an unmanned mission launching in 2018 , which involves a robotic lander and a communications satellite . Lockheed Martin has been contracted to study building the lander , and Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd. will develop a concept study for the satellite , Mars One said . This first mission will demonstrate technology that would be involved in a permanent human settlement on Mars . If all goes well -- and that 's still very much an "  if " -- the first pioneers could land on Mars in 2025 . Enthusiasm has been growing since the project 's first big announcement in April . More than 200,000 people have signed up to be prospective astronauts , Mars One CEO Bas Lansdorp said in Washington on Tuesday . Apparently , they 're OK with living out the rest of their lives on Mars . The technology for a return flight does n't exist -- there 's no Kennedy Space Center launch pad over there ! -- and having a one-way trip greatly reduces costs , the company has said . The application period is now closed , and by the end of this year , the company plans to notify those special folk who made it to Round 2 . The unmanned mission is the "  most important and most difficult step of actually getting humans to Mars , " Lansdorp said . It would also be the first privately funded planetary exploration mission . "  The opportunity to participate in that is just really exciting , " said Ed Sedivy , a chief engineer at Lockheed Martin Space Systems . Lansdorp expects that the majority of funding for the unmanned missions will come from sponsors and partners , not public contributions . The cost of the lander and satellite will be something that the contracted companies will study , although Mars One has a ballpark figure in mind , Lansdorp said . Mars Curiosity rover finds life-supporting chemicals What they want to send in 2018 The lander will be based on the successful NASA Phoenix mission , Lansdorp said . The Mars One probe will feature a robotic arm carrying a camera that will shoot continuous video , as well as a water experiment that will demonstrate the production of liquid water on the surface of Mars . "  The highest priority is to actually have liquid water on Mars , " he said . This unmanned mission will also carry the winning projects from an experiment contest . There will be a worldwide university challenge giving teams the chance to propose tests to carry out on Mars . These could be science experiments , of course , but Mars One is also interested in "  fun " experiments . One of Lansdorp 's visions , for instance , is a balloon with a camera attached to it that would film Mars from an altitude of 200 to 500 meters , which has never been done . The communications satellite will provide live video feed from surface of Mars to Earth , representing the first Mars synchronous communications satellite , Lansdorp said . Tourist trips to the Moon by 2043 ? Getting to Mars Mars One was originally slated to land the first humans in 2023 , but the project has been delayed . After the first humans arrive in 2025 , the plan is send additional crews every two years , Lansdorp said . Right now , the idea is to send crews of four , but eventually bigger vehicles may become available to transport more people . Is there enough time to get the lander and satellite on their way by 2018 ? Sedivy said it takes about 3 1/2 years from commitment to initiating a preliminary design to launch , so that gives his company about a year of leeway to study this concept before promising to execute it . That timeline is "  pretty favorable , " he said Tuesday . But as to whether it 's enough time to develop the science side of things , that 's "  a little tricky , " he said . It takes money Mars One is looking at "  a range of funding scenarios . " The total estimated budget for getting the first four humans to Mars is $ 6 billion . Lansdorp would not disclose how much money has been secured from partners and sponsors but said donations currently total more than $ 200,000 . A reality TV concept may help recoup costs . Lansdorp noted that Mars One will have the most unique video "  available in the solar system , " which has a lot of value , and he hopes this will attract sponsors and partners . Media coverage will be a main funding source . But will the money come through ? Will the technology really be developed by 2018 for the unmanned mission and to send people there by 2025 ? Will four humans survive the journey in a tight space capsule and embrace a desolate planet as their home ? As Lansdorp himself said Tuesday , "  You ca n't go to Mars on excitement . " Time will tell whether prospective applicants can go at all . Follow Elizabeth Landau at @lizlandau	More than 200,000 people say they want to go to Mars The first mission will be unmanned , planned for 2018 launch Lockheed Martin , Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd. are studying concepts
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A man dubbed "  the Field Marshal " by one advocacy group for alleged third-world arms dealing has been arrested on charges that he conspired to illegally export U.S. F-5 fighter jet engines and parts to Iran . An Iranian F-5 fighter jet lands in southern Iran during a military exercise on June 23 , 2009 . Jacques Monsieur , 56 , a Belgium native who currently lives in France , was arrested Friday in New York , officials said . An indictment also charges Dara Fotouhi , 54 , an Iranian living in France , with participating in the alleged crime . Fotouhi remains at large , official said . Monsieur pleaded not guilty at an arraignment Wednesday in Mobile , Alabama , where he is being held . He and Fotouhi are charged with conspiracy , money laundering and smuggling , as well as violations of the Arms Export Control Act and the International Emergency Economic Powers Act . According to the indictment and an affidavit filed in the case , both are experienced arms dealers who have been actively working with the Iranian government to procure military items . The F-5 Freedom Fighter , also called the Tiger , is built by Northrop and is used by the U.S. military for training . It is also sold overseas as a combat aircraft . The F-5 engine and parts are listed on the U.S. Munitions List and may not be exported from the United States without a license from the State Department , said John Morton , head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , and they can not be exported to Iran without a license from the Treasury Department . In a 2002 report by the Center for Public Integrity , a citizen advocacy group , Monsieur was nicknamed "  the Field Marshal " for allegedly acting as a middle-man in numerous arms deals with war-torn countries . The center 's report said Monsieur is "  believed to be among the biggest arms traffickers in Europe " and said he "  violated a United Nations embargo by shipping arms to Bosnia and Croatia during the long , bloody conflict in those countries , with the approval , he later claimed , of both the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency and the ... French domestic intelligence service . " Morton said his agency launched an investigation in February when Monsieur contacted an undercover federal agent and indicated he wanted to buy engines for F-5 or C-130 aircraft for export to Iran . In subsequent e-mails to the agent , Monsieur requested engines for F-5 jet fighters . Officials said the engines could be used as replacements in fighters sold to Iran by the United States before the imposition of sanctions in 1995 . In March , Monsieur met with the undercover agent in Paris and again requested engines and parts , the indictment alleges . They met again in May in London , where Monsieur introduced Fotouhi as a business associate and again discussed the export of F-5 engines to Iran , according to the indictment . During this negotiation , it says , Monsieur and Fotouhi asked the agent if he could use U.S. shipping or export authorization documents that falsely indicated the items were going to Colombia . In July , Monsieur and Fotouhi wired about $ 110,000 from a bank in the United Arab Emirates to one in Mobile , Alabama , the indictment says . "  The two believed the funds would be used for the purchase of F-5 aircraft parts , " Morton said . Monsieur indicated he would deposit an additional $ 300,000 as a down payment for the purchase of two jet engines . "  This is part of our long-standing efforts to ensure that sensitive military equipment is not exported in violation of U.S. law and against the international interests of the United States , " Morton said .	A man dubbed "  the Field Marshal " allegedly tried to get F-5 engine parts for Iran F-5 built by Northrop ; used by U.S. military for training ; used overseas for combat Immigration and Customs Enforcement launched investigation Arrest part efforts to stop improper export of sensitive military equipment
CNN  -- Turkey 's military said it killed at least 15 rebels in operations in northern Iraq earlier this week , but a spokesman for the Iraqi Kurdish Regional Security Forces denied the report , saying Turkey has not conducted any military operation or air assault there in the past two weeks . Turkish troops patrol near the border with Iraq during an offensive in February . A statement posted on the Turkish armed forces ' official Web site said a group of PKK , or members of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , was identified in northern Iraq , and said the group was believed to be planning an attack and trying to leak through the border into Turkey . The PKK , labeled a terrorist group by Turkey , the United States and the European Union , is comprised of militants who have been launching attacks against Turkey from bases in northern Iraq . The Turkish military said the PKK group "  came under fire by long-range weapons " on Thursday , and 15 terrorists were killed . The same region was targeted by a Turkish air assault on Friday , the military said , adding that the number of casualties was not yet available . "  In the missions , only the places that were confirmed to belong to the terrorist group were targeted , " the military statement said . "  Turkish armed forces acted with utmost sensitivity in order to avoid any negative impact of the strikes on the civilians in the region . " However , Jabbar Yawer , a spokesman for the Iraqi Kurdish Regional Forces , said no air assault was conducted Thursday or Friday , and added that no operations have been conducted in northern Iraq for the past two weeks . The PKK has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for Kurds in southeastern Turkey , with some of its attacks launched from inside Iraq " . The Iraqi government opposes the PKK 's presence , but views a Turkish military incursion as a violation of its sovereignty . E-mail to a friend CNN Turk 's Begum Donmez and CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Turkey : At least 15 rebels in operations in northern Iraq earlier this week Says Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  members trying to get into Turkey Iraqi Kurdish Regional Security Forces denies the report , says no operation PKK , labeled a terrorist group by U.S. , EU , has attacked Turkey from N Iraq
CNN  -- There wo n't just be a new winner next season on "  American Idol . " Most everything about the show may be new . Weeks after Randy Jackson announced his departure from Fox 's long-running music talent show , two of his fellow judges -- Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj -- followed him out the door Thursday . That leaves only one "  Idol " judge left in crooner Keith Urban -- for now . News of Carey 's departure came out first Thursday , in the form of a tweet posted on her official account that stated she was saying "  goodbye 2 idol "  and , simultaneously , announced a new world tour  . Players behind "  American Idol " -- namely Fox , FremantleMedia and 19 Entertainment -- confirmed her departure in a statement . "  Mariah Carey is a true global icon -- one of the most accomplished artists on the planet -- and we feel extremely fortunate that she was able to bring her wisdom and experience to the ` American Idol ' contestants this season , " they said . "  We know she will remain an inspiration to ` Idol ' hopefuls for many seasons to come . " Minaj followed up a short time later with a tweet of her own , making her exit official , also after a lone season . "  Thank you American Idol for a life changing experience ! Would n't trade it for the world ! " the rapper wrote . "  Time to focus on the Music !!! Mmmuuuaahhh !!! " After this tweet , Fox , FreemantleMedia and 19 Entertainment issued another statement saying they "  understand and respect her decision " in light of "  her extremely busy career . " "  Nicki Minaj is a superstar who brought a level of honesty and passion to ` American Idol ' and who had a tremendous positive impact on so many contestants this season , " they said . The two performers had been brought on following the exits of judges Jennifer Lopez and Steven Tyler , hoping to bolster the show 's ratings . "  Idol " had topped the Nielsen charts as America 's most watched program for eight years running . But that streak ended in 2012 , and since then the show 's producers have made several changes . This season 's finale was earlier this month . Carey and Minaj , though , ended up generating headlines more for their reported tiff than they did for bringing in more viewers . Both of them join Jackson , who had been the only judge remaining from the program 's 2002 debut . Earlier this month , he announced he had voted himself off the show . "  It 's been a life-changing opportunity , but I am looking forward to focusing on my company , Dream Merchant 21 , and other business ventures , " the musician and producer said .	NEW : Minaj "  is a superstar who brought ... honesty and passion , " show 's producers say Minaj and Mariah Carey both announce their exits from "  American Idol " after 1 season The two performers had clashed and were n't able to bolster the program 's ratings Randy Jackson announced he was leaving "  American Idol " earlier this month
With the book "  Fifty Shades of Grey " still flying off the shelves , women are discovering the power of sexual fantasy , some for the first time . According to neuroscientists Ogi Ogas and Sai Gaddam , authors of "  A Billion Wicked Thoughts , " while men tend to have visually driven fantasies , women prefer to fantasize about what a man might do to them . For example , the top five female fantasies involve having sex with a stranger , being worshipped in bed , being ravaged in bed , being watched by others and enjoying a threesome . In other words , women tend to fantasize about being the object of desire . Erotica is wonderful , but you do n't need a book to feel sexy . In fact , indulging in a little bit of fantasy on your own may be even more effective at spurring both sexual desire and arousal , according to a recent study . 4 ways to rev up your post-baby sex life Researchers at the University of Michigan have shown that different forms of sexual fantasy may have a real impact on arousal and desire , particularly for women . For their study , published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine , Katherine Goldey and Sari van Anders randomly assigned 128 women and 98 men to one of four groups , or "  arousal conditions . " One group completed an imagined social situation exercise in which they imagined a positive sexual encounter and then answered open-ended questions about it . The others engaged in typical unstructured fantasy  imagining sexual situations but not writing about them  , while others read an erotic story of the researchers ' choice or took part in a neutral exercise  writing about the room they were in  . Then they rated their perceived genital arousal  how they felt physically  , as well as their "  state " desire  whether they wanted to have sex  . The results : The first three groups all reported experiencing increased genital and psychological arousal , as well as higher "  state " desire , compared with the neutral group . The group who engaged in unstructured fantasy had the greatest arousal . Interestingly , though , the researchers also measured "  trait " desire -- sort of a person 's general set point for sexual desire , once believed to be unchangeable -- and discovered that the imagined social situation exercise group , the ones imagining a positive sexual situation , reported significantly higher trait desire after that exercise . Sex or money : What makes you happier ? That 's great news for all of us , but particularly for women , who often tend to experience sexual desire in response to the sex they 're already having . In other words , you may not feel quite so "  into " sex in the beginning , but your desire and arousal grow as the interlude progresses . Indeed , female sexual response is typically characterized by "  responsive desire , " while male sexual response is more likely characterized by "  spontaneous desire , " says sex educator Emily Nagoski , author of the "  Good in Bed Guide to Female Orgasms . " " ` Responsive desire ' is when motivation to have sex begins after sexual behavior has started : You 're doing something else when your partner comes over and starts kissing you , and you think , ` Oh yeah ! That 's a good idea , ' " she explains . " ` Spontaneous " desire , more typical of male sexuality , works more like this : You 're walking down the street and for no immediately obvious reason you think , "  Hm . I 'd like to have sex ! " As the new study suggests , actively fantasizing about sex is n't just a way to pass the time . It can create real changes in your body , moving you from thinking about sex in the abstract to fueling real desire and arousal . Fantasy is also a sign of a healthy sex life , and sharing those fantasies with your partner does n't just have the potential to spice things up in the bedroom . It also means that you feel secure and confident in your relationship . It 's often been said that the brain is our biggest sex organ , and this study only confirms that . So , give your brain a workout with a fantasy or two . You might be surprised where it leads you . Beyond ` Fifty Shades ' : Sex experts share their favorite books	Women tend to fantasize about being the object of desire while in bed "  Fifty Shades of Grey " may have helped women discover the power of fantasy Fantasizing can spur both sexual desire and arousal , research shows Sharing fantasies with your partner means you feel confident in your relationship
CNN  -- One of about every 12 babies born in the United States in 2008 was the offspring of unauthorized immigrants , a Pew Hispanic Center study released Wednesday concluded . According to the study , an estimated 340,000 of the 4.3 million babies born in this country that year had parents who were in the United States without legal documentation . The 14th Amendment to the Constitution stipulates that those children automatically become U.S. citizens , but some members of Congress are pushing to change that provision . That effort -- rooted in the debate over illegal immigration , particularly of people from Mexico -- has created some controversy . "  This has got a lot of attention in the past weeks , " said Jeffrey S. Passel , the study 's author . "  The idea was just to put a number on it . " According to the study , 79 percent of the 5.1 million children of unauthorized immigrants in the United States were born in this country , making them U.S. citizens . Nearly one of four children born in the United States in 2008 had parents who were immigrants , the Pew study found . Of those , 16 percent of the parents were legal immigrants and 8 percent were in the United States without proper documentation . Many of those children are Latino , Passel said . More than three-fourths of all unauthorized immigrants in the United States in March 2009 were Latinos , the researcher said . And nearly one of every four children under age 18 in the nation was a Hispanic . That trend is likely to continue , the study concludes . "  Overall , Hispanics who live in the U.S. have higher rates of fertility than do whites , blacks or Asians , " the report states . "  And among Hispanics , the foreign born have higher rates of fertility than the native born . " Immigration reform has become a hot-button issue this political season . Arizona passed a law in April that required all immigrants to carry documentation of legal status and other states are considering similar measure even though major parts of the Arizona law were struck down last month in federal court . "  The country is really emotionally torn over this , " U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said recently on CNN . The government estimates there are more than 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States . Proponents of stricter immigration enforcement and control point to the large number of Latinos having babies in the United States as reason to change the 14th Amendment . The proponents say these children , which they often call "  anchor babies , " qualify for welfare and other programs and make it harder to deport their parents "  Babies born to illegal alien mothers within U.S. borders are called anchor babies because under the 1965 immigration Act , they act as an anchor that pulls the illegal alien mother and eventually a host of other relatives into permanent U.S. residency , " says an organization called The American Resistance , which has described itself as "  a coalition of immigration crime fighters opposing illegal and undocumented immigration . " Under the 1965 Immigration and Nationality Act , the child may sponsor other family members for entry into the United States when he or she reaches the age of 21 . The group notes that "  the 14th Amendment was ratified in 1868 to protect the rights of native-born Black Americans , whose rights were being denied as recently freed slaves . " The intent of the amendment "  was clearly not to facilitate illegal aliens defying U.S. law at taxpayer expense , " The American Resistance says on its website . Having a child become an automatic U.S. citizen can provide immigrants with another reason to come to this nation illegally , some critics say . "  I think we need to look at that in the future as to whether or not we want to change that because I think it 's an incentive to break the law , " said Graham , the U.S. senator . Texas state Rep. Debbie Riddle , a Republican , pointed out another concern on CNN 's "  AC 360 " program Tuesday night . Some pregnant women from other countries are traveling to the United States to give birth and then taking their babies back home to raise them as terrorists that would return to attack America , she said . Information for that "  sinister issue , " Riddle said , is coming from from former FBI officials she declined to name . "  This is something that is being talked about by various members of Congress , " she said . State Rep. Rafael Anchia , a Democrat , disputed the claim , calling it "  the myth of anchor babies . " "  For that to rise to some sort of national security concern is really unsubstantiated , " Anchia said . "  The 9/11 bombers were all here legally . The Times Square bomber was a naturalized citizen . He was not an anchor baby . " Anchia also disputed the contention that having a baby in the United States hinders the deportation process . "  The law does not bear that out , " he said . "  Just because you have a child here does n't mean you ca n't be deported tomorrow . " Despite all the heat , a majority of Americans seem to oppose changing the 14th Amendment . A nationwide poll conducted in June by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press found that 56 percent of Americans are against changing the citizenship provision while 41 percent favor amending it . The Pew Hispanic Center is a nonpartisan research organization that does not take positions on policy issues .	The study was conducted by the Pew Hispanic Center , a nonpartisan research group The results come amid a national debate over changing the 14th Amendment The 14th Amendment grants automatic citizenship to anyone born in the United States Nearly 80 percent of illegal immigrants ' children were born in the United States
A man charged at four New York police officers with a metal hatchet Thursday , hitting two of them at a time of high alert for authorities concerned they might be targeted in the United States and Canada . The man was hiding behind a bus shelter as if he was waiting to attack the officers , according to a law enforcement official , who said it almost appeared as if he was stalking them . The officers were posing for a photo when the man pounced , Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said . He struck one officer in the right arm and another in the head , according to the commissioner . The two officers who were n't hit then shot at and killed the attacker . The law enforcement official identified the suspect as Zale H. Thompson , who had a criminal record in California and had been discharged from the Navy for misconduct , according to the source . The police officer who was struck in the head remains in critical but stable condition . The other officer , who is 24 , was struck in the arm and was expected to be released soon . A 29-year-old bystander who was struck by a bullet in the lower back was also taken to a hospital . Her condition was not known . When asked if the unprovoked attack was tied to terrorism or to recent calls by radicals to attack military and police officers , Bratton said , "  there is nothing we know as of this time that would indicate that were the case , " and a senior law enforcement official told CNN on Friday that investigators do not believe that Thompson , a Muslim convert , was driven by any radical Islamic views . Nevertheless , Bratton acknowledged concern because of recent attacks on uniformed officers . "  I think certainly the heightened concern is relative to that type of assault based on what just happened in Canada , " he said . On Wednesday , Cpl. Nathan Cirillo was shot and killed as he stood guard at Canada 's National War Memorial before shots erupted in the halls of the country 's Parliament minutes later . The Ottawa gunman had "  connections " to jihadists in Canada who shared a radical Islamist ideology , including at least one who went overseas to fight in Syria , multiple U.S. sources told CNN on Thursday . And on Monday , another Canadian soldier -- this one in Quebec -- was run over and killed by another man who the Royal Canadian Mounted Police 's Martine Fontaine said had been "  radicalized . " New York put its officers on alert after Thursday 's attack , urging them to "  maintain a heightened level of awareness against random attacks , " several law enforcement officials said . It 's not the only city so affected . Washington 's Metropolitan Police Department has also "  increased security levels and visibility , so the public should expect to see an enhanced presence " of officers in light of the Canada and New York attacks , spokeswoman Gwendolyn Crump told CNN .	There 's no indication the attack is tied to radical Islam , official says Officials : New York police told to be on alert "  against random attacks " The man rushed four police officers in Queens , New York , police commissioner says Two were hit ; the two who were n't shot at the attacker , who was killed , commissioner says
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Mobile technology is no longer limited to laptops , smartphones and tablets . It 's seeping into every corner of our lives , including television and movies , cars , the workplace , health care , education and eventually our bodies . This expansion of mobile , and its next generation of highly mobile tech users , were the subject of Monday 's Consumer Electronics Show keynote . Delivered by chip maker Qualcomm 's chief executive Paul Jacobs , the talk marked the official kickoff of the show , which opens its doors Tuesday morning . The CES keynote address was previously handled by Microsoft , a company whose products are instantly familiar to consumers around the world . Successor Qualcomm is n't a household name , even though it says it has shipped 11 billion chips in its 27 years and its mobile processors power the mobile devices you use everyday . The challenge for Qualcomm on Monday was to illustrate how its technology is relevant to regular consumers . The resulting talk was as scattered and entertaining as its rooster of special guest stars , which included "  Sesame Street 's " Big Bird , Archbishop Desmond Tutu  via video  , filmmaker Guillermo del Toro , NASCAR driver Brad Keselowski , "  Star Trek " actress Alice Eve and pop band Maroon 5 . But the biggest guest star for this tech audience may have been Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer , who ran out on stage to giddily show off three new Windows 8 products . 5 fun and odd gadgets from CES The event kicked off with a skit featuring young actors playing stereotypes of the most annoying people you 've ever been stuck behind in a Starbucks line . An OMG-spouting popular girl , a gamer geek who talks like a surfer and a Silicon Valley wannabe entrepreneur . What tied these characters together was the theme of the event : they were all "  born mobile . " The primarily mobile phenomenon is international . According to Jacobs , 84 % of people worldwide say they ca n't go a day without their mobile device . The smartphone interface is so commonplace , people now want it on their other devices . The Android mobile operating system is already expanding beyond smartphones and tablets to smart TVs , cameras and Google 's Project Glass smart glasses . Qualcomm 's chips have an even broader reach , appearing in smart TVs , game consoles , home automation devices and even cars . During its keynote Qualcomm showed how its technology can be used to enable wireless charging for electric vehicles . The tech industry assumes that eventually , everything will be connected to the Internet , with cars , household appliances and mobile devices all communicating with each other . The concept , called the "  Internet of Things , " has been kicking around for many years , but a recent boom in low-cost sensors and popular gadgets like the Nest smart thermostat have led to more gadgets that successfully add Web connectivity . For example , wearable health monitors could be used to notify you or your doctor as soon as something is wrong with your vital signs . Trends to watch at CES "  It 's really going to empower us by giving us more information about ourselves and our environment , " said Jacobs , who said most people look at their phones 150 times a day . Even in the present , mobile phones are changing people 's lives and behaviors . In developing countries , where a phone is many people 's first and only device , phones are being used to deliver basic heath care . Augmented reality apps , like those powered by Qualcomm 's Vuforia platform , are being used to help children learn to read . Qualcomm also used the keynote to announce two new processors , the Snapdragon 600 and 800 . Most people who will benefit from the faster , more energy-efficient chips probably wo n't know their names . But with this keynote , Qualcomm hopes to make a name for itself as a innovative company powering the mobile tech of the future .	Chip-maker Qualcomm kicked off the 2013 Consumer Electronics Show with a keynote CEO Paul Jacobs highlighted the expansion of mobile technology beyond smartphones and tablets The talk featured random guest stars , including Big Bird , Guillermo del Toro and Maroon 5
CNN  -- Bayern Munich are through to the group stages of the Champions League after a 1-0 win at Swiss side FC Zurich gave them a 3-0 aggregate success in their play-off second leg . A strong Bayern side , featuring eight members of the Germany national side , secured their place in the last 32 courtesy of an early strike from Mario Gomez . Gomez was left unmarked in the area to finish off a flowing move involving Toni Kroos and Thomas Mueller , for the only goal of the game in the seventh minute . Bayern -- who will be hosting the final of the competition in May 2012 -- now join compatriots Borussia Dortmund and Bayer Leverkusen in the main draw . Four other second round ties were played on Tuesday , with Spanish side Villarreal also sealing their place in the group stage with a 3-0 win over Odense of Denmark , for a 3-1 aggregate success . Highly-rated Italian striker Giuseppe Rossi netted a close range double , the second coming via a superb curling right-wing cross from Ruben Cani . Substitute Carlos Marchena added a third after goalkeeper Stefan Wessels fumbled his long-range shot , but a bad-tempered second half saw each side have a player sent off , with the home side losing Borja Valero for head-buttting Andreas Johansson in the stomach . Dinamo Zagreb are also through to the group stages , but they were given a scare by Malmo of Sweden . Zagreb side led 4-1 from the first leg in Croatia , but Malmo won 2-0 on the night , just failing to get the third goal that would have seen them progress on the away goals rule . Belgian side Genk beat Maccabi Haifa of Israel 2-1 on the night , a result that left the sides tied at 3-3 on aggregate . The scoreline remained the same through extra time , but Genk prevailed 4-1 on penalties to seal their place . Brazilian striker Ailton scored twice , with the decisive goal coming three minutes from time , to give Cypriot side APOEL Nicosia a 3-1 victory over Wisla Krakow of Poland for a 3-2 aggregate success . There is a consolation prize for the losing teams with a place in the group stages of the Europa League .	Bayern Munich are through to the group stage of the Champions League The German Bundesliga side beat FC Zurich 1-0 for a 3-1 aggregate success Spanish side Villarreal also progress afte a 3-0 victory over Odense of Denmark
CNN  -- Never before in Pakistan 's history has a parliamentary election resulted in a true democratic transition . Despite militant threats and attacks that left at least 21 people dead on election day , Pakistanis bravely voted in record numbers Saturday . While we 're still waiting for official results , the Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz party looks to have a clear mandate to steer the country forward for the next five years . This is an important moment , but the challenges ahead are daunting . Democracy and the institutions of civil society remain as fragile as ever , with minorities especially vulnerable to persecution . A range of militants groups still enjoys safe haven throughout the country . And the economy is in shambles . Now is the time for Pakistan 's new leaders to grasp the nettle . It is time for the major parties to shift from campaigning to governing , consolidate democratic gains and tackle deteriorating security and economic conditions . The stakes are enormous , and Pakistan 's new leaders can not afford to miss this moment . A recent Pew poll found that roughly nine in 10 Pakistanis believe the country is on the wrong track . This week 's elections provided a voice for millions to cast their ballot for a better future , a democratic future . The United States should support this process and continue working toward a long-term relationship based on mutual goals . Pakistan today is buffeted by gale-force pressures : a long rivalry with India to its east , a bitter and bloody insurgency in its western tribal regions , a fragile transition in Afghanistan and twin financial and energy crises that burn at its core , leaving millions without power and businesses without access to credit . In the coming weeks , Pakistan may face a balance of payments crisis unless its new leaders take decisive action . There is no doubt that we are dealing with complicated issues in a volatile region . The United States has been working steadily with Pakistan to meet these challenges . With greater commitment and support from Pakistan 's new leaders , we can build on existing areas of cooperation even as we press our interests . There is still a great deal of mistrust that permeates this relationship . It 's unacceptable that two years after the United States found and killed Osama bin Laden , the most noteworthy action taken to get the facts on how he came to be in Pakistan is the conviction of the doctor that helped us track him down . We know that militant groups have taken refuge along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . And let 's face it : when Americans hear about U.S. troops in Afghanistan under attack by insurgents who enjoy safe haven in Pakistan , they naturally see red . Despite these challenges , the reality is the United States and Pakistan share common interests and need to work closely together . Now is not the time to cut and run but to renew our efforts to bring peace and stability to Afghanistan and to address the terrorist threat that afflicts both our nations . Pakistan remains vital to any sustainable and peaceful outcome in the region . It can support genuine reconciliation efforts with the Afghan Taliban or undermine them . It can serve as the most cost-effective supply route for withdrawing our troops and equipment from Afghanistan or block their passage . And it can rein in militant groups that threaten India and halt the spread of nuclear weapons and technology or aid in their proliferation . If ever there was an opportunity for Pakistan to advance regional peace and security , this is it . The international community is working toward a coordinated transition in Afghanistan to mitigate the prospects of civil war as foreign troops depart . We need Pakistan 's help to get this right . Without close cooperation , our efforts will be imperiled , and Pakistani fears of international abandonment will become a self-fulfilling prophecy . The founder of Pakistan , Muhammad Ali Jinnah , once said : "  The story of Pakistan , its struggle and its achievement , is the very story of great human ideals , struggling to survive in the face of great odds and difficulties . " Pakistan 's story is still being written , but its next chapter will be defined by action , not by words alone . This week 's elections mark the beginning , not the end , of a long road . Pakistan 's new leaders have an historic opportunity to provide real leadership and show that democracy can deliver . For their sake and ours , let 's hope they rise to the challenge . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Menendez .	Pakistan 's election Saturday has potential to be nation 's first peaceful transition Sen. Menendez : Despite violence , brave Pakistanis vote in record numbers Pakistan 's economy is in trouble and its role in regional conflict needs to change , he says Menendez : Pakistan can rein in militant groups and contribute to regional stability
CNN  -- With the promise of coming AIDS vaccines , former President Bill Clinton urged the world 's nations Monday not to give up on funding to prevent a calamity . Overall support for global AIDS efforts from donor nations flattened amid last year 's global economic crisis , according to a recent analysis of 2009 funding levels from the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS . Clinton spoke with CNN 's Becky Anderson at the International AIDS Conference in Vienna , Austria . "  If we all do this , the consequences will be calamitous and you 'll spend more money later , " Clinton said , referring to reduced donations . "  You 'll start having large numbers of people dying again , you 'll have more political instability , more economic collapse , and it 's going to cost us more money later . So it 's not only going to be a humanitarian crisis . You 'll pay now or pay later . So if it 's at all possible , hang in there , " he said . After years of disappointment , researchers have finally found a potential basis for an HIV vaccine . Scientists at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases say they have discovered three human antibodies that neutralize more than 90 percent of the current circulating HIV-1 strains . "  There is a preliminary indication that sometime in the next two to three months , we 'll get some reports on vaccine tests , which are very hopeful for the quick development on a vaccine that actually works , " Clinton said . "  Meanwhile , we know that if you start people on the medicine not when they have full-blown AIDS , but as soon as their so-called CD4 blood count drops below a certain amount , it can prevent 90 percent of AIDS , " he said . "  That 's about as good as a vaccine . It 's not 100 percent , but if we could just do that , this whole epidemic would be in a different place in five years . " When asked about the affordability of such medicine in poor countries , Clinton said cost should not be an issue . "  In most places , the donors are providing this medicine , " he said . "  You should be able to get that help right now because I have negotiated great contracts for this medicine all over the world . And if you ca n't , you need to get in touch with us directly , and I 'll try to make sure it happens , because in any poor country , people should n't have to pay anything for it . " HIV/AIDS is the world 's leading infectious killer , according to the World Health Organization . The disease accounted for an estimated 2 million deaths in 2008 , and more than 33 million people are living with the disease worldwide . The researchers say the findings put them one step closer to their goal , and among their next steps are plans to make sure other people -- not just those infected with HIV -- can create these types of antibodies . They also want to figure out how to be able to potentially mass-produce more "  broadly neutralizing " antibodies to block nearly all HIV strains in the future . Clinton said the United States has increased contributions to AIDS programs , but not as much as hoped . "  It 's not enough , but there are serious budget constraints in the congressional process , " he said . "  I think the president did what he thought was the best he could do . " Clinton said that money must be spent to "  make good things happen . To give people a chance to live their dreams . " "  We should n't be penny wise and pound foolish in an interdependent world where we worry all the time about terrorism , we worry all the time about violence , " he said . "  When President Bush 's and America 's approval went way down all over the world because of the Iraq war , " he said , "  there were three places where it did n't go down : in India , where we made a deal for peaceful nuclear cooperation ; in central and eastern Europe , where we continued my policy to expand NATO ; and in the 10 countries of southern and eastern Africa where PEPFAR -LSB- the U.S. President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief -RSB- was concentrated and the highest AIDS rates were . "  Did they agree with President Bush 's Iraq policy ? No . ... They thought he and the United States cared whether their children lived or died . " Clinton said nations have many ways to help . "  I would like to see all the other countries that started their cutback a year before we did do the same kind of soul-searching and ask themselves what 's going to happen , " he said . "  I also think that since the economy 's coming back , it may be that everybody should consider making clear that over a two - to three-year period , they will give three years ' worth of money . ... There 's a thousand ways to work this out . "	NEW : Clinton suggests how countries can help He says lack of money will cause a calamity The former president is attending the International AIDS Conference in Vienna , Austria Reports from vaccine tests are two to three months away , he says
CNN  A convoy of U.S. Army armored vehicles is drawing crowds , cheers and tears as it makes an 1,100-mile journey from the Baltics through Poland and the Czech Republic to Germany . The trek is being made by troops from the 3rd Squadron , 2nd Cavalry Regiment and is dubbed a "  Dragoon Ride " after the unit 's nickname , the Dragoons . It is designed to show solidarity to allies in the wake of recent Russian actions in Ukraine and Crimea that have Eastern Europe on edge . "  The engagements will provide a highly visible demonstration of U.S. commitment to the residents in each of the nations and the resolve of NATO as an alliance , " according to a Pentagon statement . According to reports from the route , it seems to be delivering on that . "  This really means a lot to us . We see that we are not alone , that there is someone to defend us , " Zdzislaw Narel , 60 , told The Associated Press as the convoy made a stop in Bialystok , Poland . "  I 've read about the former times . For me , what 's happening now is a little scary . I think it  the American presence  makes people feel safer , " Viktorija Maciulyte , 18 , told Stars and Stripes newspaper at a stop in Panevezys , Lithuania . Troops say they can see the effects , too . "  The older people start getting emotional . I had one lady came up to me crying , " Spc. John Zagozdon , 25 , told Stripes . "  They were all really grateful . " "  It makes a difference when you see U.S. soldiers parked in your parking lot , " Capt. Jon Challgren is quoted as saying in the Stripes report . The convoy , which began on Saturday , is expected to take 11 days to its end at Rose Barracks in Vilseck , Germany , about 40 miles from the Czech border . It is being supported by NATO military units and U.S. Air Force planes and Army helicopter units for reconnaissance and resupply , according to an Army statement .	1,100-mile convoy designed to reassure allies of U.S. commitment Convoy moving through six European countries "  It makes a difference when you see U.S. soldiers parked in your parking lot , " captain says
CNN  -- English Premier League champions Manchester United have signed young Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Chivas de Guadalajara . The 21-year-old , who is better known in his homeland as "  Chicharito , " will join the club for an undisclosed fee on July 1 , subject to being granted a UK work permit . Hernandez agreed personal terms with the Red Devils this week and passed a medical at the club . As part of the deal Manchester United will travel to Mexico and play a match to open the new 45,000 capacity Chivas Stadium in Guadalajara as part of their preparations for the 2010/11 season . Hernandez has scored four goals in just four appearances for the Mexico national team and could make their squad for the World Cup finals in South Africa that begin in June . United manager Alex Ferguson told the club 's official Web site : "  I am delighted to reach agreement with Chivas to bring such an exciting young striker , who has been in such prolific form for both his club and his country . "  He will be a great addition to our squad and we look forward to welcoming our first Mexican player in the summer . "  We are equally excited to play our first game in Mexico , opening the magnificent new Chivas Stadium in July . "	English champions Manchester United sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez Hernandez currently plays for Mexican club Chivas de Guadalajara The 21-year-old will join United on July 1 , subject to a UK work permit Hernandez has scored four goals in four games for the Mexico national team
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- The head of China 's quality watchdog is reported to have resigned over the tainted baby milk scandal that has killed four children and sickened nearly 53,000 others . The official Xinhua News Agency said Li Changjiang had quit with the approval of China 's State Council . Li 's agency is responsible for ensuring that China 's food supply chain is safe . Monday 's resignation came hours after the World Health Organization said the scandal had highlighted flaws in the country 's entire food supply chain . The chemical melamine blamed for causing kidney stones and kidney failure has been detected in formula milk powder from 22 dairies across China . The crisis was initially thought to have been confined to baby milk powder , but tests have found melamine in samples of liquid milk taken from China 's two largest dairy producers , Mengniu Dairy Group and Yili Industrial Group , as well as Shanghai-based Bright Dairy . WHO China representative Hans Troedsson said on Monday quality issues could occur anywhere from the farm to the retail outlet . He said "  it 's clearly something that is not acceptable and needs to be rectified and corrected , " according to The Associated Press . Troedsson said the WHO was discussing with officials how to strengthen China 's food quality system . Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has called milk manufacturers "  heartless " and promised stricter laws to protect the public . China 's Health Ministry said Sunday that about 13,000 children were hospitalized , while another 40,000 had undergone outpatient treatment for illnesses related to suspected melamine-tainted milk products . The scandal has spread beyond the mainland with melamine being found in three Chinese-made dairy products in Singapore . The country 's Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority said tests on "  White Rabbit Creamy Candy " showed that it was contaminated with melamine and it ordered stores to remove the product from shelves . Taiwan announced Monday it was banning the importation of all dairy products from China because of melamine contamination in milk supplies on the mainland , Taiwan 's Health Ministry said Monday . And a second child in Hong Kong has been diagnosed with a kidney stones after drinking the tainted milk as worried parents continued to take their children for health checkups , the government said Monday , AP reported . The 4-year-old boy was in hospital in a stable condition , the Hong Kong government said in a statement . A three-year-old girl was sickened by a suspected melamine-tainted milk over the weekend -- the first known illness outside of mainland China . The Chinese premier visited Beijing hospitals and a supermarket Sunday to show his concern for the crisis . "  What we need to do now is to ensure that nothing like this happens in the future , not only in dairy products , but in all foods , " he said . "  Manufacturers and owners of dairy companies should show more morality and social responsibility in these cases . They are heartless , so we have to create strict law and legislation . I 'm sorry . " Investigators arrested two brothers who sold milk used to produce the contaminated baby milk powder last week . They could face death if convicted , according to China Daily , a state-run newspaper . The raw milk had been watered down and the chemical added to fool quality checks , the newspaper said . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Watch CNN visit the company at the center of the scandal " But anger has been directed not just at the producers accused of adulterating their milk to increase profits , but also at government regulators , Time magazine reported . "  Xinhua was quick to blame the dairy industry for their skewed rules , but what it did n't say was that the government also played a part in that ugly game , " the magazine quoted a blogger , identified as sadmoon109 , as saying . Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . It also robs infants of much-needed nutrition . Thousands of tons of the tainted milk powder have been recalled . Melamine is the same industrial contaminant from China that poisoned and killed thousands of U.S. dogs and cats last year . The chemical , a byproduct of plastic manufacturing , can be used to mimic high-protein additives . Learn more about the chemical melamine " A senior dairy analyst said Chinese farmers were cutting corners to cope with rising costs for feed and labor . "  Before the melamine incident , I know they could have been adding organic stuff , say animal urine or skin , " Chen Lianfang of Beijing Orient Agribusiness Consultant told Time . "  Basically , anything that can boost the protein reading . " Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Head of China 's quality watchdog resigns over tainted baby formula scandal WHO representative said scandal shows up flaws in China 's food supply chain Four infants in China dead , 53,000 reported ill from tainted milk powder
CNN  -- A Florida jury on Saturday found a millionaire guilty of murdering his wife in their upscale home . Diane Ward was shot dead in 2009 in the house she shared with her husband , James "  Bob " Ward , in the Orlando suburb of Windermere . Two years later -- and following a week-long trial and deliberations that stretched into a second day -- he was convicted of second-degree murder . Soon after entering the Orlando courtroom late Saturday morning , Ward went to a back row and sat between his two visibly distraught daughters , one of whom had testified that she detected no animosity between her parents . He put one arm around both in order to comfort them for several minutes , before heading to his regular seat for the jury 's verdict . When the verdict was read , the 63-year-old Ward showed little evident emotion , though his daughters continued to cry . According to an Orange County Sheriff 's Office arrest affidavit , the victim was found in the master bedroom -- "  a large pool of blood at the top of her head " and a .357 Magnum handgun on a nightstand next to the bed . She was shot between her eyes . Ward told police the couple were the only ones in the house at the time , besides their four dogs . After the verdict , prosecutor Robin Wilkinson said the jury 's message , and beliefs , were clear . "  It says that out of anger , out of frustration , Mr. Ward pulled a gun and shot his wife in the face , " she said of the verdict . Defense attorney Kirk Kirkconnell , meanwhile , said his client "  knows that we have good grounds to appeal  and  I think that he remains optimistic . " But the verdict still stings . "  He 's disappointed , " Kirkconnell told reporters . "  He hates leaving his family , obviously , as any man would . " During the trial , the defense contended that Ward loved his family , while prosecutors said the Florida millionaire 's demeanor -- along with the evidence -- proves he murdered his 55-year-old wife . The defense rested its case Thursday , a week after testimony started . It asserted that Diane Ward died after a struggle over a loaded gun , not because of any ill intent of her husband . The prosecution pointed out that Ward called 911 the night of the shooting and said , "  I just shot my wife , " then offered shifting stories as the call progressed and later in his conversations with relatives and colleagues . They said that his stories were inconsistent at best , while the evidence suggests that he pulled the trigger . "  What I would like to do is appeal to one thing , and one thing only : your common sense , " fellow prosecutor Ken Lewis told the jury during the rebuttal phase of closing arguments Thursday .	NEW : The prosecutor says Ward killed his wife "  out of anger , out of frustration " NEW : The defense says it will appeal , describing Ward as "  optimistic " yet "  disappointed " Diane Ward was shot dead in 2009 in the Florida home she shared with her husband
CNN  -- Editor 's note : Matt Walton a technology and engineering education teacher at Glen Allen High School in Henrico County , Virginia . He has a master 's degree in education and a bachelor of science degree in technology education from North Carolina State University . You might have noticed a recent TV commercial from Chevron Corp. showing a Chevron professional next to an eighth-grade student with a robot . The student describes the remote control robot , and the young Chevron professional talks about how a high school science teacher made him what he is today  a geologist for Chevron  . The next part of the commercial caught my attention , because in bold letters the words "  Science Rules " flashed on the screen . While I agree that "  science rules , " so does technology and engineering . What the ad is demonstrating is not science education , but rather the middle two letters of STEM - or science , technology , engineering and math - education . Often technology and engineering education is overlooked when people talk about STEM education or when governments make decisions about education policy . In last year 's State of the Union address , President Barack Obama called for adding "  100,000 new teachers in the fields of science and technology and engineering and math . " This call for new teachers was laudable , however , science and math education receive the majority of attention and support from universities , various levels of government and the public . One reason is because math and science are required classes throughout a student 's educational career , unlike technology and engineering . Additionally , as you examine the landscape of colleges and universities around the country , it 's easy to find a school where you can study to become a science or math teacher . Unfortunately , the same can not be said for technology and engineering education as many colleges and universities have cut their programs , and sadly so have some high and middle schools . Technology and engineering education is exhibited in many different ways when you look at that robot in the commercial . The physical appearance of the robot incorporates one of the main cornerstones of technology and engineering education : design . Design in technology and engineering education can come in various forms . One is digital design through digital photography and Photoshop to generate a treatment and produce a video . Another aspect covered in technology education classes focuses on engineering design by creating a more efficient shopping cart or a new blade design for a wind turbine . You can find many diverse concepts and principles in technology and engineering labs . Students can learn engineering principles such as aerodynamics through the creation of carbon-dioxide-powered cars . Students are able to explore aerospace engineering by building complex rockets and simple rubberband-powered planes that can stay in the air for minutes . Students learn principles of chemical engineering when they make bioplastics and biofuels . When you look at the robot in the commercial , you can see design in the way that the robot is built and how the parts of the robot interact with one another to achieve the goals of the creator . Here the examples of engineering become glaring and are even highlighted by the student . The fact that the student has four servo motors on the robot and not three , five or six demonstrates that the student used engineering concepts to determine the amount of lift , torque and speed needed to achieve the most efficient robot . If you were to walk into a high school technology and engineering class , the first thing you will notice is a lab full of busy students working diligently on projects and creating things . Students are often excited to learn because they can express their creativity and apply what they are reading about and taking notes on in other classes . Through project-based learning , students gain knowledge in different areas of technology and engineering , much of which reinforces what they have learned from their science and math teachers . And science , technology , engineering and math , or STEM education has an important economic impact as well . According to a July report by the U.S Department of Commerce , STEM-related jobs are projected to grow by 17 % by 2018 , compared with 9.8 % for non-STEM professions . Additionally , even in the midst of the Great Recession , STEM joblessness has been almost half of non-STEM jobs . While the unemployment for non-STEM jobs topped out around 10 % , STEM jobs never cracked the 6 % mark . As a country we need to focus on improving in all areas of science , technology , engineering and math education if we are to succeed in creating and competing for the jobs that will be prevalent in the decades to come . However , it 's vital to our nation and to our students not to overlook the "  T and E " in STEM . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Walton .	Matt Walton is a technology and engineering education teacher in Virginia He says that science and math often get more attention than technology and engineering He argues that it 's vital to the nation to not overlook the "  T&E " in STEM education
CNN  -- English Premier League side Aston Villa have confirmed that Martin O'Neill has resigned as manager of the club . The Northern Irishman led Villa to sixth place in the league for the past three seasons but has decided to walk out of the club just five days before the start of the new season . O'Neill took over at Villa Park in August 2006 and was afforded millions to spend in the transfer market by the club 's American owner Randy Lerner . But a year ago midfielder Gareth Barry was sold to Manchester City , and England international James Milner is reportedly on the verge of following Barry to Eastlands . There was speculation that O'Neill was only persuaded to stay at the end of last season after talks with Lerner but now his departure has been confirmed . A statement on the club 's official website read : "  Aston Villa can confirm that Martin O'Neill has resigned as manager of the football club with immediate effect . "  Kevin MacDonald , reserve team manager , has assumed the role of caretaker manager and will prepare the team for the opening Barclays Premier League game of the season against West Ham on Saturday at Villa Park . " O'Neill said : "  I have enjoyed my time at Aston Villa immensely . It 's obviously a wrench to be leaving such a magnificent club . "  I would like to pay tribute to the Villa players , my coaching staff and the Villa supporters for all the support and encouragement they have given both the club and me personally during my time as manager . "  I wish them all the best for the future . I will obviously be assisting the club in the immediate short-term with regard to the handover of my duties . " O'Neill transformed Villa into genuine contenders to finish in the top four and qualify for the European Champions League but he could n't secure the club 's first trophy since 1996 . Villa lost 2-1 to Manchester United in last season 's Carling Cup final and were beaten in the FA Cup semifinal by eventual winners Chelsea . Before Villa , O'Neill had successful spells with English clubs Wycombe Wanderers and Leicester City , as well as Scottish giants Celtic . He can boast eight major trophies and three promotions in his 20-year long managerial career . Paul Faulkner , chief executive of Aston Villa , added : "  The club would like to thank Martin for the great work he has done at Aston Villa over the past four years . "  He has helped to establish the club in the upper echelons of the Premier League , has taken us to Wembley and we have also qualified for European competition for the past three seasons under his management . We wish him the best in the future . "	English Premier League club Aston Villa confirm manager Martin O'Neill has resigned O'Neill walks out after four seasons in charge of the club Villa finished sixth in the league for the least three seasons
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Charles left Afghanistan on Thursday after a previously unannounced two-day visit there , a spokesman said . The heir to the British throne spent a night at Camp Bastion , the main British base in Helmand province , before traveling to Lashkar Gah , the capital of the province . He also visited Kabul , the spokesman said . Prince Charles met Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. general in Afghanistan , as well as Afghan senior government ministers and tribal and religious leaders to gain their perspective about reintroducing stability to the country , the spokesman said . President Hamid Karzai was on an overseas trip , so the prince was not able to see him , the spokesman said , although he said the two spoke on the phone before Prince Charles traveled there . No further details were immediately available . Prince Charles ' younger son , Prince Harry , 25 , served on the front line in Afghanistan and saw combat . He is training to become a pilot with the Army Air Corps . -- CNN 's Sarah Sultoon contributed to this report .	Heir to British throne spends night at military camp in Afghanistan Prince Charles met U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal and Afghan officials Prince also visited Kabul , but did not meet President Karzai
CNN  -- How are fads started and spread ? Do certain influential people play a key role , or is it truly random ? How does a trend go from new and exciting to old and passe so quickly ? Does having happy friends have an effect on our own happiness ? Maybe Twitter can tell us . Every second , millions of people across the world are sharing their thoughts in the form of 140-character messages using Twitter . The "  tweets " range from the mundane to the profound , and convey , for example , what people are doing , thinking and reading at any moment . The amount of information in any individual tweet is highly variable , but in aggregate the more than 65 million tweets composed per day represent a detailed , real-time trace of the collective thoughts and feelings of a significant fraction of the population -- potentially offering valuable information to everyone from politicians to advertisers to social researchers . To demonstrate the unique power of Twitter data , our research group at Northeastern University and Harvard Medical School recently began a study to infer the mood of Twitter users in the United States from their public tweets . We can observe very distinct patterns over the course of the day , as well as weekly patterns that match conventional wisdom , such as the tendency of users to write happier tweets on weekends . We also observe geographic variations , with users from Hawaii , California , and Florida , for example , using happier words in their tweets . With Twitter , we now not only know which users are communicating , but we also know what they are saying . From a research perspective , Twitter is more than just a new tool ; it 's an entirely new kind of tool . Never before have academic researchers had access to this much real-time public information about what people are thinking and saying . It is analogous to being allowed to tap into millions of water-cooler conversations , school rooms and other public conversations across the globe . Our study is preliminary ; we need more data to do a proper evaluation , and the results are subject to any number of biases  people using language differently across the United States , and different demographics using Twitter at different times  . Our approach simply looks , for example , for occurrences of "  happy " or "  unhappy " words in tweets . However , because we take words out of context , our approach will not correctly interpret tweets like "  I am not happy " . Even so , initial results demonstrate that Twitter data contain a wealth of information , and that even relatively simplistic approaches such as ours can extract interesting results . In fact , other research groups have also begun to examine Twitter data and have demonstrated that it can be used to predict the box-office success of an upcoming movie . And Twitter data yields much more detailed polling when compared to traditional methods , enabling real-time feedback for issues that are of local , national or international interest . In the past , researchers studying traces of human communication , such as phone records , have shown that the social network that connects us has rich hidden complexity . But legal and privacy concerns have caused these previous studies to almost universally omit the content of the communication . Because most users leave their tweets public , Twitter represents an unprecedented opportunity . This is why researchers owe a debt of gratitude to Twitter for its policy of open access to public tweets  exemplified by the recent donation of its entire public tweet history to the Library of Congress  . Like any scientific tool , the ability to use the data for research is subject to caveats and limitations . Unlike many existing tools , such as surveys and polls , researchers can not ask a question of the Twitter users directly ; instead , researchers must determine whether the question is one that the Twitter data can answer . Should we determine how to extract information reliably , which we 're working on , the potential applications of the data are almost endless . For example , monitoring the mood of the public chatter on Twitter could allow businesses to quickly identify and respond to incidents , mitigating the effect of negative publicity on their brand . The data could be used to inform public policy , allowing public officials and politicians to receive feedback from their constituents in real time . From a scientific standpoint , Twitter data can shed light on how information spreads through society . Researchers can also investigate network effects : How does what our friends discuss influence what we discuss ? In short , the data that is now becoming available from Twitter and related websites offers a new lens through which we can view society . It promises new approaches to understanding social phenomena , what some colleagues have dubbed "  computational social science . " This new kind of data presents new challenges , such as privacy , anonymity and legality , but developing a science around it has the potential to do enormous good . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Mislove .	Mislove : Tweets trace the thoughts of a significant fraction of the population He 's researching mood of U.S. Twitter users based on their tweets Research looks , for example , for occurrences of "  happy " or "  unhappy " words in tweets
CNN  "  Hey dude -- can you turn your music down ? " If anyone says this to you while you 're wearing your earbuds , take note : You are probably endangering your hearing . More than one billion teens and young adults are at risk of losing their hearing , according to WHO  that 's the World Health Organization , not the rock band  . It 's not just old folks who suffer hearing loss . Just by listening to music at what you probably think is a normal level , or hanging out in loud bars , nightclubs and music and sporting events , you can permanently damage your hearing . By analyzing listening habits of 12 - to 35-year-olds in wealthier countries around the world , WHO found nearly 50 % of those studied listen to unsafe sound levels on personal audio devices and about 40 % are exposed to damaging levels of music and noise at entertainment venues . It does n't take much time to damage your hearing at a sports bar or nightclub . According to the WHO , "  exposure to noise levels of 100 dB , which is typical in such venues , is safe for no more than 15 minutes . " Once you lose your hearing , it wo n't come back . Rapper Plan B and Coldplay lead singer Chris Martin know that all too well . They both suffer from tinnitus , hearing loss that causes a permanent and irritating ringing in the ears , because they did n't protect their hearing . Now they 've joined forces with a British hearing loss association to warn others . "  I suffer from tinnitus , " says Plan B on actionhearingloss.org . "  When I first developed it , I thought it was trains rushing by my house as I live near a railway line . It was really loud and an extremely high pitched ringing in my ears . I now have to wear special earplugs when I go to bed to help stop my ears from ringing . " "  Looking after your ears is unfortunately something you do n't think about until there 's a problem , " says Martin . "  I 've had tinnitus for about 10 years , and since I started protecting my ears , it has n't got any worse  touch wood  . But I wish I 'd thought about it earlier . " When it comes to personal listening devices , the level of damage you can cause to your ears is directly correlated to how long you listen and how loud the sound . "  Unsafe levels of sounds can be , for example , exposure to in excess of 85dB for eight hours or 100dB for 15 minutes , " says WHO . Eighty-five decibels is n't all that loud . According to the Palo Alto Medical Foundation , it 's about the level of city traffic that you 'd heard from inside your car . Some 360 million of us have already suffered moderate to severe hearing loss , according to the UN Health Agency Worldwide . While that number does include factors out of our control , such as aging , genetics , birth defects , infections and disease , about half of all cases were avoidable . That 's why WHO has launched the Make Listening Safe initiative . Part of the campaign is to encourage manufacturers to create audio safety features on devices and then educate consumers on how to use them . WHO is also calling on governments to create and enforce recreational noise legislation . "  Parents , teachers and physicians can educate young people about safe listening , while managers of entertainment venues can respect the safe noise levels set by their respective venues , use sound limiters and offer earplugs and ` chill out ' rooms to patrons , " says WHO . In the end , it 's up to each of us to protect our own hearing . The good news is that it 's easy to do . When it comes to your personal audio devices , such as your smartphone : -- Turn the volume down . Do n't go above 60 % . -- Wear noise canceling earbuds , or better yet , headphones . -- Take "  listening breaks " or only listen for just an hour a day -- Get an app for that . Download a smartphone app to help monitor safe listening levels . And the next time you go to a bar , nightclub , sports event or concert , use ear protection . Martin does . "  Now we always use moulded filter plugs , or in-ear monitors , to try and protect our ears , " says Martin . And his kids never go to a concert without big , noise-canceling headphones .	50 % of those studied listen to unsafe sound levels on personal audio devices Damaging levels of noise also come from spending time in loud bars or sporting events Coldplay 's Chris Martin and rapper Plan B wish they 'd protected their ears
CNN  -- After sushi and ramen , Japanese beef is on the list of must-eats for many visitors to Japan . But other than knowing that it tastes great and costs a lot , many tourists turn up with little knowledge of what to expect from Japanese beef . Considered the caviar of beef in Japan , Wagyu  which literally means "  Japanese cow "  refers to specific breeds of cattle that come from a direct , traceable and pure bloodline . There are four Wagyu breeds : black  accounting for more than 90 % of Wagyu beef  , brown/red , shorthorn and polled . In recent years , efficient marketing efforts have elevated Wagyu to near-divine status among foodies . But they 've also led to confusion about what Wagyu is and what separates Wagyu beef from the even-more heralded Kobe beef . Here 's help for beef eaters visiting Japan . What is Wagyu beef ? For more than 200 years during the Edo Period  1603-1867  , Japan 's isolation from the outside world ensured the purity of its livestock , which over time became more and more homogenized . When the country opened to world trade in the subsequent Meiji Era , Wagyu breeding accelerated . Unlike cattle in other countries , which are often bred for a range of traits , Wagyu were and are raised with one goal in mind : supreme flavor . "  Genetics is everything , " says Jason Morgan , owner of The Meat Guy , a Nagoya-based meat importing business . Wagyu 's striking characteristic is its pervasive marbling . Achieving optimum and evenly distributed fat is a slow process . Wagyu are typically bred for upward of 30 months . By contrast , most United States Department of Agriculture  USDA  beef comes from cattle that 's about 22 months old . The fattening period is longer than it is on most Western ranches . Wagyu cows eat plentifully and frequently . Japan 's lack of vast pastures means Wagyu tend to live a sedentary life , which also contributes to generous marbling . Wagyu grades Japan has a sophisticated numbering system for tracing each piece of beef produced . The National Livestock Breeding Center  NLBC  maintains records on each cow 's ancestry , birthplace , ranch location , fattening days and other details . Restaurants can usually provide a 10-digit tracking number for any steak upon request , which has a code that links directly to the NLBC database . In addition , the Japan Meat Grading Association gives each carcass a score based on its yield  A-C  and level of marbling , firmness , color and overall quality  1-5  , with A5 being the highest possible mark . Most Japanese Wagyu beef is in the A4-A5 range . Wagyu yields and pricing All the care that goes into raising Wagyu cows translates into consumer prices that are typically higher than in many Western countries . Visitors to Japan should expect to pay anywhere from Â ¥ 5,000  $ 46  to upward of Â ¥ 15,000  $ 138  per person for a meal of authentic Wagyu beef . At the Oak Door Steakhouse at the Grand Hyatt Tokyo , meat designated F1  a mix of two pure breeds , such as Wagyu and Angus  is more popular than pure Wagyu beef because it 's cheaper yet still yields good quality . "  Eating Wagyu is considered an investment , " says Troy Lee , chef de cuisine at Oak Door . "  F1 is the most-consumed beef in Japan . "  For most families , Wagyu beef is a delicacy reserved for special occasions . " Wagyu cows have a high yield of prime cuts . "  In the United States , you can only use three of four cuts for steaks , whereas in Japan you can get high-quality beef from nearly all parts of the cow , " says Morgan . The emphasis is on quality , not quantity . NLBC figures put the total Wagyu population at around 1.7 million cows as of December 2012 , compared with roughly 33 million beef cattle in the United States . How to eat Wagyu beef Most chefs recommend Wagyu steaks be cooked a little longer than those from Western countries -- medium-rare or even medium . Otherwise , "  they can be like eating a stick of butter , " says Lee . Steaks are n't the only way to enjoy Wagyu . Traditional preparation methods include sukiyaki and shabu-shabu , one-pot dishes that render out more of the fat than grilling . Sukiyaki simmers thinly sliced beef in a pot with vegetables , usually bathed in a sauce made with soy sauce , sugar and sake . A raw egg is served with the dish , used for dipping the beef after it 's extracted from the broth . Shabu-shabu is a light and healthy meal made with strips of meat even thinner than those used for sukiyaki . The beef strips are briefly cooked in a simmering kombu kelp broth . Finally , there 's beef tartar or "  nigiri Wagyu sushi , " though this is a relatively rare preparation in Japan . No matter how it 's prepared , virtually all restaurants in Japan have a signature dipping sauce or sauces , which often contain miso , sesame or citrus juice . Wagyu beef myth : Fatty means unhealthy Health-conscious eaters may be wary of the web of fat  called "  shimofuri "  woven through slabs of Wagyu . However , pure Wagyu contains mostly monounsaturated fatty acids  aka "  the good fats "  rich in Omega-3s . One study from the Japan Livestock Industry Association says Wagyu has up to 30 % more unsaturated fat than Angus cattle . You may have heard about the fifth "  primary taste " on top of sweet , sour , salty and bitter : umami , a term and concept that originated in Japan , which describes a subtle sweetness and aroma . The presence of unsaturated fats is what makes Wagyu beef so full of umami goodness . Wagyu cows are rarely , if ever , given antibiotics . One of the primary purposes of administering antibiotics , says Morgan , is to make an animal more feed-efficient . This philosophy runs counter to the goal of Wagyu ranching , which is to raise fat , hungry cattle . Myth 2 : Japanese cows drink beer and get massages While it 's true that the Matsusaka Cattle Council 's website advocates using beer to stimulate a cow 's appetite in humid summer months and massages for uniformity of fat and improved circulation , it cites no actual case studies . At best , these techniques may be used sporadically by small-scale farms . Some ranches may use sake to enhance the luster of an animal 's coat and Japanese TV programs have depicted ranches with prongs in cattle pens that animals rub up against to simulate a massage . But we remain skeptical . While it 's amusing to entertain notions of Wagyu cows happily guzzling beer while receiving rubdowns , there 's no evidence to suggest such practices have ever been commonplace . The Kobe Beef Marketing and Distribution Promotion Association states that neither massages nor the feeding of beer or sake to cows is part of its standard rearing methods . "  How 's he going to feel a massage through his leather jacket , anyway ? " asks Morgan . Myth 3 : Wagyu beef and Kobe beef are the same thing A common misperception is that all Wagyu beef is Kobe beef . In fact , only .06 % of beef consumed in Japan bears the Kobe distinction , and only 3,000 cattle each year are certified as Kobe grade . It was n't until February 2012 that the first Kobe beef shipment was sent outside Japan -- to Macau . The first  small  export to the United States was in November 2012 . Wagyu beef types are named for the region in which the cattle are raised , including , confusingly , Kobe . For the impressive level of marbling in its Wagyu beef , the Kansai region produces the three "  king " varieties : Matsusaka , Kobe and Ohmi . However , beef from other areas can be equally tasty , says Lee of the Oak Door . Kumamoto Wagyu , for example , comes from the rare Japanese brown breed and is a good choice for those seeking a leaner cut . Although many ranching outfits in Australia and the United States are now raising Wagyu crossbreeds , only four facilities in Japan are certified to export Wagyu beef to the United States . So , the easiest and tastiest place to get authentic Wagyu beef remains Japan . Just one more reason to visit . Oak Door Steakhouse , Grand Hyatt Tokyo , 6-10-3 Roppongi , Minato-Ku , Tokyo ; +81 3 4333 8784	Wagyu , which means "  Japanese cow , " is considered the caviar of beef in Japan The striking characteristic of Wagyu beef is its pervasive marbling Wagyu beef and Kobe beef are not the same thing
CNN  -- House Republicans wo n't support raising the federal government 's borrowing limit without new spending cuts from the Obama administration , and the White House risks an unprecedented U.S. default by refusing , House Speaker John Boehner said Sunday . Speaking six days into a partial government shutdown and 11 days before the Treasury Department expects to hit its statutory debt ceiling , Boehner told ABC 's "  This Week " that he wants "  a serious conversation " about spending , but no tax increases . Asked if the United States would default on debt payments unless President Barack Obama makes concessions , Boehner said , "  That 's the path we 're on . " "  The votes are not in the House to pass a clean debt limit " -- one with no conditions attached -- "  and the president is risking default by not having a conversation with us , " said Boehner , R-Ohio . But speaking on CNN 's State of the Union , Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said Congress is "  playing with fire " by threatening to leave the U.S. government unable to pay its creditors -- a risk he called "  unthinkable . " "  We 've never gotten to the point where the United States government has operated without the ability to borrow , " Lew said . "  It 's very dangerous . It 's reckless , because the reality is , there are no good choices if we run out of borrowing capacity and we run out of cash . " Lew said the government has been managing to make payments since May by shifting money around , but it will run out of those options on October 17 . Unless Congress votes to raise the debt ceiling , the federal government will be left with "  a very , very short window of time " before it would have to stop cutting checks for Social Security recipients or disabled veterans and would undermine the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , he said . What 's up with the debt ceiling ? In the 2011 debt-ceiling standoff , Congress and the administration agreed to $ 2 trillion in across-the-board spending cuts over a decade . Though default was narrowly averted , the crisis spurred one of the top three bond-rating houses , Standard and Poor 's , to cut the U.S. credit rating for the first time . Government offices across the country shut down Tuesday after Republicans in the House held up the passage of a temporary spending bill , demanding changes or delays to Obama 's signature health care law . More than 800,000 federal workers have been on unpaid leave since then . A CBS poll released last week shows a 72 % majority of Americans disapprove of the government shutdown , with more Americans blaming GOP lawmakers than Obama . But Boehner told ABC he does n't have the votes to end the standoff without the Republican conditions on the Affordable Care Act , widely nicknamed "  Obamacare . " Complete coverage : Health care in America "  I have 233 Republicans in the House , and you 've never seen a more dedicated group of people who are thoroughly concerned about the future of our country , " he said . "  They believe that Obamacare , all these regulations coming out of the administration , are threatening the future for our kids and our grandkids . It is time for us to stand and fight . " Obama and his Democratic allies in Congress say all Boehner has to do is to bring to the floor a Senate-approved measure that temporarily funds the government , let Democrats and a handful of moderate Republicans vote for it , and the standoff ends . But after similar rounds of brinksmanship over the last increase in the debt ceiling , in 2011 , and the expiration of the Bush tax cuts in December , the administration has refused to make new concessions to Republicans . "  In 2011 , there was a very dangerous turn in the political debate in Washington , " Lew said . "  You had the same 50 to 100 members who were really willing to default if they did n't get their way . I 've been through a lot of budget debates . I 've been through a lot of debt ceiling debates . Never did I hear people who said , ` If it do n't get my way , it 's better to default . ' That 's not acceptable now . " House Republicans have responded by passing limited spending bills aimed at restoring funds to popular agencies , such as the Department of Veterans Affairs or the National Institutes of Health . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has refused to consider them , demanding that Republicans agree to fund government operations in full -- leading Republicans to blame the president and Reid , D-Nevada , for the shutdown . Do n't want to raise the debt ceiling ? Get ready for austerity Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , a tea party-backed Republican seen as the architect of the new impasse , told CNN that many previous Congresses have attached conditions to debt-ceiling increases and accused Obama of hyping the risks of a default . He said Republicans should demand "  some significant structural plan and reduce government spending " as a condition of raising the borrowing limit , as well as "  ways to mitigate the harms from Obamacare . " After soaring to more than $ 1.4 trillion in 2009 , the annual federal budget deficit was expected to shrink below $ 650 billion in 2013 , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . But the total federal debt is nearly $ 17 trillion and is expected to go up by another $ 6 trillion by 2023 , the CBO predicts . Among the reasons for the shrinking deficits are increased tax collections since January , when Bush-era tax cuts for top earners and a temporary cut in Social Security withholding were allowed to expire . Boehner said that 's why he wo n't accept tax increases in any deal . "  The president got $ 650 billion of new revenues on January the first ... Now , it 's time to talk about the spending problem , " he said . CNN 's Dana Davidsen contributed to this report .	Default ? "  That 's the path we 're on , " House speaker tells ABC Republicans are "  playing with fire " on debt limit , Treasury chief tells CNN Cruz : GOP should demand big structural cuts before raising borrowing limit
Top seed Roger Federer has progressed to the semifinals of the Dubai Tennis Championships with a straight-sets win over Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky . The Swiss world No. 2 won 6-3 6-4 and will on Friday play Richard Gasquet , who beat fellow Frenchman Gilles Simon 5-7 6-2 6-4 in the closing last-eight tie . Federer is seeking his fifth victory in the Emirate , having won the title three years in a row from 2003 . "  At the end of the day , you want to give yourself chances to win the trophy , and that 's what I 'm doing , " he told the ATP website on Thursday . "  I think I did n't have any completely easy matches here . I 've always had to be very focused . " In the other half of the draw , world No. 3 Novak Djokovic remained on course for a third successive title in Dubai after coming from behind to beat Germany 's Florian Mayer . The Serbian second seed trailed 38-ranked Mayer 3-5 in the opening set of their quarterfinal , before going on to win 10 out of the next 11 games to wrap up a 7-5 6-1 victory and book a semifinal against Czech third seed Tomas Berdych . Calendar of the court : The six seasons of the tennis year "  It was a very slow start , I was making lots of unforced errors . But when I needed to play well and needed to keep the ball in the court I did , " the 23-year-old said . It is the second match in a row that the Australian Open champion has been forced to work hard for a win , after he was pushed to three sets by Spain 's Feliciano Lopez in their fourth-round encounter . World No. 7 Berdych defeated Germany 's Philipp Petzschner in straight sets , saving six break-points on his way to a 7-5 6-4 win . The 2010 Wimbledon runner-up is yet to drop a set at this week 's hard-court tournament . At the WTA hard-court event in Doha , newly-crowned women 's No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki continued her good run of form with an impressive 6-2 6-0 quarterfinal win over Italy 's Flavia Pennetta in the Qatar Ladies ' Open on Thursday . The 20-year-old Dane , who won 12 consecutive games after dropping the first two , will play Marion Bartoli of France for a place in the final . France 's former Wimbledon finalist eased past China 's Peng Shuai 6-2 6-2 . Russian second seed Vera Zvonareva battled into the last four with a 7-5 6-7  5-7  7-5 win over Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova . Zvonareva , runner-up in 2008 when the event was last held , will next face Serbian fifth seed Jelena Jankovic -- who won 6-2 6-4 against Klara Zakopalova of the Czech Republic , a "  lucky loser " entrant into the main draw . Meanwhile , world No. 11 Mikhail Youzhny -- a semifinalist at last week 's ATP Marseille Open -- has announced his retirement from Russia 's Davis Cup team . The 28-year-old Youzhny , who was part of the Russian team who beat France to win the men 's team competition in 2002 , said it was time for the country 's younger players to take over . Former world No. 3 Nikolay Davydenko has also made himself unavailable for Russia 's World Group tie against Sweden on March 4-6 , and the team will instead be led by 76th-ranked Teimuraz Gabashvili .	World No. 2 Roger Federer beats Sergiy Stakhovsky to make Dubai semifinals Four-time Dubai champion will play France 's Richard Gasquet on Friday Two-time defending champion Novak Djokovic faces Tomas Berdych in last four Women 's No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki through to semifinals at WTA event in Doha
CNN  -- "  Dancing With the Stars " has announced its new lineup of competitors , and at least two of them already know how to go for the gold . On "  Good Morning America " on Tuesday , the ABC dancing competition revealed that Olympic champs Meryl Davis and Charlie White , who just won a historic gold medal at the Winter Olympics in figure skating ice dance , are joining "  DWTS ' " 18th season . Instead of competing as a team the way they did at the Sochi Olympics , Davis and White are now up against one another . Davis will partner with returning "  DWTS " pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy , who left the show in 2012 to pursue other opportunities . White has been set up with pro dancer Sharna Burgess . Here are the other stars Davis and White will face off against : Candace Cameron Bure : The former "  Full House " actress was rumored to be a potential "  star " on this season of "  DWTS , " and Tuesday 's announcement confirmed the gossip . Cameron Bure , who recently released a book called "  Balancing It All : My Story of Juggling Priorities and Purpose , " will be paired with pro dancer Mark Ballas . NeNe Leakes : As with Cameron Bure , there was speculation that "  Real Housewives of Atlanta 's " NeNe Leakes was going to grace ABC 's ballroom . Leakes , who 's also branched out into acting on shows like "  Glee , " is partnering with Tony Dovolani . Danica McKellar : Cameron Bure is n't the only child star on season 18 's roster . Former "  The Wonder Years " actress Danica McKellar is also going to perform each week , with help from pro partner Valentin Chmerkovskiy . McKellar 's also created a career as an author , but she still acts here and there and has appeared on "  How I Met Your Mother " and "  The Big Bang Theory . " Diana Nyad : We 've already seen Diana Nyad 's persistence in the water , and we can only imagine how it 'll carry her in this season 's competition . The 64-year-old became the first person to swim from Cuba to Florida without a protective cage last fall , and will now bring that persistence to the ballroom with pro partner Henry Byalikov . Drew Carey : Stand-up comic and "  The Price Is Right " host Drew Carey is more accustomed to making audiences laugh at his wit than dazzling them with his dance moves , but he 'll show what he 's got alongside pro partner Cheryl Burke this season . James Maslow : A member of the band Big Time Rush , James Maslow is one of two pop stars participating in this year 's "  DWTS . " The 23-year-old 's pairing off with Peta Murgatroyd . Cody Simpson : At 17 , singer Cody Simpson is the youngest competitor in this season 's lineup . The "  Pretty Brown Eyes " crooner is going to pair off with new pro dancer Witney Carson . Amy Purdy : Like some of her competitors , Amy Purdy knows all about the pressure of competition . The double amputee has become a top-ranked snowboarder and Paralympic athlete after losing her legs to meningitis at 19 . In this season 's "  DWTS , " she 's going to perform with pro partner Derek Hough . Sean Avery : As a former pro hockey player , Sean Avery is trading in the ice for a dance floor . The athlete/model will dance with pro partner Karina Smirnoff . Billy Dee Williams : This Hollywood legend is already considering being "  DWTS " ' secret sauce . At 76 , the wide-ranging talent will partner up with pro dancer Emma Slater . These 12 are n't the only new faces this season . Fox Sports journalist Erin Andrews is also joining the series as its new co-host , replacing Brooke Burke-Charvet as Tom Bergeron 's right-hand woman . The 18th season of "  DWTS " will premiere on ABC on March 17 .	"  Dancing With the Stars " has announced its new lineup It includes Olympic athletes and former child stars Hollywood legend Billy Dee Williams is also part of the cast
CNN  -- Poor Pluto . Is it or is n't it a planet ? Ever since astronomer Clyde Tombaugh at the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff , Arizona , discovered it on February 18 , 1930 , we 've believed that we live in a solar system with nine planets . Then , along came the International Astronomical Union , the group that gets to name planetary bodies . In 2006 , it came up with some rules for what is and is not a planet . The group decided Pluto did n't make the grade . It was demoted to a dwarf planet , leaving our solar system with just eight planets : Mercury , Venus , Earth , Mars , Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune . The union says a planet is a celestial body  PDF  that : 1 . Orbits the sun 2 . Is round or nearly round 3 . Has cleared the neighborhood around its orbit Pluto orbits the sun , and it 's round . It got kicked out as a planet because of rule No. 3 : The astronomical union said Pluto was too small to knock other space rocks out of its path as it orbits the sun . But the group 's definitions -- and the public 's attachment to tiny Pluto -- sparked lots of debate . On September 18 , the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics jumped into the debate : What is a planet ? It had some experts discuss the definition of a planet and then let the audience vote . Guess what ? They voted that Pluto is a planet . One person who never accepted Pluto 's demotion is Alan Stern , principal investigator for the New Horizons spacecraft , the first spacecraft sent to Pluto . He said Pluto was given the boot because of its distance from the sun . "  In fact , if you put Earth where Pluto is , it would be excluded ! " Stern said . "  Any definition of planethood that excludes Earth , in any circumstance , is deeply flawed . After all , if there is any object everyone agrees is a planet , it 's Earth . " And he agrees with those in the audience at that Harvard panel discussion . "  I think the public is better suited to this than astronomers , at least , " Stern said . "  The IAU should never have pretended to have the expertise to enter into this debate . It 's a matter for planetary scientists , not astronomers . " Do n't forget that the other eight planets also have their differences : Mercury , Venus , Earth and Mars are rocky ; Jupiter and Saturn are gas giants ; and Uranus and Neptune are ice giants . "  This is really about a revolution in planetary science , " Stern said . "  We 're seeing that what we used to know about the number and variety of planets was very data limited until the mid - to late 1990s . Now we know that there are lots of types of planets . " NASA 's decades-old Voyager 2 mission is a preview of new mission to Pluto When New Horizons arrives at Pluto in July , it might not end the debate over Pluto 's status as a planet , but Stern says the mission is "  going to be mind-blowing . " The spacecraft has to survive what Stern calls the "  seven weeks of suspense , " dodging asteroids as it zips toward Pluto . Then , we 'll finally get detailed , amazing photos of the tiny world . Planet or not , Pluto is finally coming into focus .	Pluto was demoted to dwarf planet in 2006 Harvard held a forum to debate Pluto 's status The public says Pluto should be reinstated
London  CNN  -- Investigators are searching the London area home where the body of former Russian oligarch Boris Berezovsky was found for possible chemical , radiological or biological evidence , police said in a statement released early Sunday . Circumstances surrounding the death of Berezovsky , one of the most politically influential of Russia 's oligarchs until a bitter falling out with the Kremlin , were not immediately known , and authorities in the United Kingdom said it was being investigated . "  His death is currently being treated as unexplained and a full inquiry is under way , " Thames Valley Police said in a statement . Officers , including specialized investigators , are conducting a number of searches "  as a precaution . " The body of Berezovsky was still at the house early Sunday after being discovered Saturday afternoon , the statement said . Police did not detail why authorities were searching for possible chemical , nuclear , radiological or biological evidence . Berezovsky , a fierce critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin , blamed the Kremlin for the 2006 death of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko , who died after being poisoned by the radioactive material polonium-210 . In a deathbed statement , Litvinenko blamed Putin , an accusation the Kremlin strongly denied . For years , Berezovsky bankrolled the effort of Litvinenko 's widow to push for an inquest into her husband 's death . Berezovsky later sued a Russian broadcaster for libel after it claimed in a report that he was behind the death of Litvinenko . He won the claim against All-Russian State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company  VGTRK  , and the High Court in London awarded him Â # 150,000  $ 223,400  in damages . Death announced on Facebook The 67-year-old was found by his bodyguard at his home in the affluent community of Ascot , Berkshire , west of London , where he was living in exile , according an official at Bell Pottinger , a public relations firm that represented Berezovsky . Word of his death first appeared Saturday in a Facebook posting by son-in-law Yegor Shuppe . Berezovsky made headlines last year after losing what has been called one of the most expensive private lawsuits in history against a former friend and ally , Russian magnate Roman Abramovich . Berezovsky sued Abramovich , owner of the Chelsea Football Club , for $ 5.1 billion , alleging that he was forced to sell his stake in the Russian oil company Sibneft for a fraction of its true value . The judge called Berezovsky 's testimony unreliable and , at points , dishonest . The case raised a public curtain on the world of Russia 's oligarchs , those who amassed massive wealth and political influence in the 1990s during the privatization of Russia following the fall of the Soviet Union . Berezovsky 's fortune has reportedly been on the decline in recent years , and it took a huge hit after he lost the case against Abramovich . Analysts put the price tag on legal fees alone at more than $ 250 million spent between the two figures . In recent weeks , reports have emerged that Berezovsky was trying to sell pieces of his estate , including an Andy Warhol painting , "  Red Lenin , " to pay debts . From math professor to oligarch Berezovsky began his working life as a math professor and then a systems analyst , according to CNN 's Jill Dougherty , who interviewed him many times . But in post-Soviet Russia , he switched to more lucrative jobs . "  He was a smart man , " she said . "  I 'd call him a wheeler-dealer . " Berezovsky went on to sell cars "  at a time when that was a luxury , " she said . "  There were a lot of people who wanted to buy them , and he parlayed that -- as so many of these oligarchs did -- into something much , much bigger . " While Berezovsky 's made a good portion of his money from luxury car sales , his wealth and political influence bounded when he bought into Russian media . He invested in the Moscow Independent Broadcasting Corp. , which -- with TBS as a partner -- founded Moscow 's first independent television station , TV-6 . Under President Boris Yeltsin , the Russian Federation 's first president , from 1991 to 1999 , "  there were really no rules governing anything , " Dougherty said . The oligarchs , among them Berezovsky , wound up lending the fledgling Russian government money "  when it was desperate for money , " she said . "  These guys picked up companies on the cheap -- for pennies on the dollar . " A year or two later , the companies were worth much more and they became wealthy . In return for backing Yeltsin , Berezovsky gained political influence within the Kremlin . He later backed Putin for president , pouring money into the latter 's political party . Fall from political favor But after he was elected , Putin saw that the oligarchs had the potential to gain political power and moved to thwart them , Doughtery said . It has been widely reported that Putin resented the meddling of the oligarchs , particularly Berezovsky . "  He was obviously very ambitious , and he wanted , I think , to be in political control of Russia during Yeltsin 's time , and that did n't work out for him , " said Stuart Loory , a former Turner Broadcasting System executive vice president , who was a consultant to Berezovsky during the 1990s . Berezovsky did not have an easy time of it as an oligarch . "  There were two attempts on his life , one at his country home outside Moscow in a gated community . Somebody planted a bomb in his car and , fortunately , it did n't work very well , " he said . "  And the other was when he was leaving his club and there was a car bomb in the car and his driver was killed and he escaped without injury . " Within months of Putin 's election in 2000 , the government began trying to collect on tax claims against the oligarchs , including Berezovsky . It was then that Berezovsky fled . Berezovsky began agitating from Britain against Putin , calling for a coup to oust the Russian president . In 2003 , as Russia was seeking his return , Berezovsky was granted political asylum by British authorities after it was determined he was wanted on political grounds , not criminal , according to published reports at the time . The case , for a time , strained relations between Moscow and London . Berezovsky was convicted of fraud and tax evasion in absentia by a Russian court in 2007 . Putin has been told of Berezovsky 's death , spokesman Dmitry Peskov told Russian state television . Berezovsky sent a letter about two months ago to Putin asking permission to return to Russia , Peskov said . "  He admitted that he had made a lot of mistakes , asked forgiveness for the mistakes and asked Putin to let him return home , " Peskov said , according to a duty officer with the presidential press service . It 's unknown whether Putin responded to the letter , but Berezovsky did not return . CNN 's Per Nyberg reported from London , and Tom Watkins and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : Authorities search the home for possible biological or chemical evidence Boris Berezovsky , 67 , was a fierce critic of Russian Vladimir Putin and called for his overthrow Once considered one of Russia 's richest oligarchs , his wealth was on the decline He survived two attempts on his life , including a car bomb
Juba , Sudan  CNN  -- The president of Sudan will visit South Sudan when it marks its independence from the north on Saturday , a government official said Thursday . President Omar al-Bashir will make the trip as an expression of hope for "  brotherly relations " between his government based in the north and South Sudan , his spokesman said . South Sudan is to become the world 's newest country Saturday after South Sudan natives voted overwhelmingly in January for independence . The referendum to split was part of a 2005 peace deal to end decades of violence between the two sides . The planned visit comes amid tense relations between north and South Sudan . Violence erupted two months ago along the contested border area of Abyei and subsequently in South Kordofan , a state that lies north of the border but where many people , especially in the Nuba Mountains , are allied with the south . Thousands of people were displaced and many fear that after strict borders go into place with independence , they will not be able to return home . Critical issues -- including oil and the final status of Abyei -- remain unresolved days before the separation .	President Omar al-Bashir will visit South Sudan when it marks its independence South Sudan is to become the world 's newest country on Saturday
Washington  CNN  -- The political posturing , and theater , related to the fiscal cliff continued Thursday as Senate leaders squared off over whether to make it harder for Congress to block future increases in the debt ceiling . At issue was a move by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , and meant to put Democrats in a tough spot , that backfired . McConnell pushed for a vote on an idea he first proposed last year as part of the debt ceiling standoff . Movement in fiscal cliff talks The legislation would allow the president to increase the debt ceiling without congressional approval , though Congress could block the move if a two-thirds majority of both the House and Senate voted to disapprove it . Democrats want the change because raising the limit has become increasingly contentious , as Republicans have demanded spending cuts and other reforms to go along with it . Another debt limit increase is needed early next year . McConnell now opposes the change he once advanced because it was intended as a one-time solution to the deadlock over the debt last year . Nevertheless , he pushed for a vote on it because he wanted to show that even some Democrats oppose giving the president that much authority , and he knew there was no way Democrats could garner the 60 votes typically needed for major legislation to pass the Senate . But in the back-and-forth legislative chess match that often plays out on the Senate floor , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid instead moved to pass the measure with a 51-vote threshold , confident that he had at least that many votes to give Democrats a victory . Recognizing that , McConnell objected to voting at the lower threshold , meaning he was filibustering the bill he had just pushed for a vote . Obama visits ` middle class ' family As expected , Democrats did declare victory and argued that Republican defeat was another sign that they are losing the bigger battle over the fiscal cliff . "  Senator McConnell 's filibuster prevented us from having this vote today , but I will continue to seek an agreement to hold an up-or-down vote on his proposal to avoid another debt ceiling debacle , " Reid said . "  We have the higher ground , " said Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York . "  They know that they got burnt the last time by using the debt ceiling for political leverage . Things are even more in our advantage today . " McConnell move on debt ceiling backfires	A move by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell backfires McConnell pushed for a vote on a debt ceiling idea he first proposed last year After a move by Majority Leader Reid , McConnell wound up objecting to a vote on the idea Democrats said it was another sign that Republicans are losing the battle on the fiscal cliff
CNN  -- Police evacuated a mall in New Jersey on Saturday night after people mistook a car explosion for gunfire , a law enforcement official said . Panic ensued at Westfield Garden State Plaza Mall in Paramus , with some taking to Twitter to say a shooting had occurred . A car 's battery or fuel tank caught fire and caused a small explosion , creating the noise some people mistook for gunfire , a law enforcement official told CNN "  Due to that car fire ... smoke started entering the mall there , " Lt. Kenneth R. Ehrenberg of the Paramus Police Department told CNN affiliate WABC . "  At some point , we received a call , people said they heard loud noises , possibly shots in that area of the mall . Nobody saw any gunman . Nobody saw anybody shooting , anything . " The owner of the vehicle was interviewed by police and cleared , authorities said . A real shooting occurred November 4 , 2013 , at the mall , causing an evacuation . Authorities said a man fired at least six bullets inside the mall without striking anybody . Richard Shoop 's body was found at 3:20 a.m. the next day in an obscure part of the mall . Police said he killed himself .	The incident occurred at the Westfield Garden State Plaza Mall in Paramus People at first thought they heard gunshots A car fire caused the scare , authorities said Last year , a gunman opened fire in the mall
Shanghai , China  CNN  -- In between sipping drinks and reminiscing about bygone times at a recent reunion of my high school class , old friends curious about foreign news media 's coverage on China asked what stories I was working on . When I mentioned the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown -- which killed hundreds , perhaps thousands , of people -- as a major topic of interest in the coming days , the reaction was almost always surprise followed by indifference . "  Really ? Who still cares about that ? " Most of my former classmates who graduated from an elite Shanghai high school in 1994 are established both professionally and personally . Now in their late 30s , they are doctors , bankers , engineers and businessmen living comfortably and raising their young children in China 's largest city . TIMELINE : The Tiananmen Square crackdown When nudged , some classmates recalled the excitement we all felt as fresh-faced 8th graders witnessing history unfolding in front of our eyes back in 1989 . Mass demonstrations started in Beijing in April that year as university students gathered in Tiananmen Square to mourn the death of an ousted liberal Communist Party leader . By mid-May , the movement had become a nationwide phenomenon as people -- students , workers and intellectuals , united by their grievances against inflation and corruption -- took to the streets to demand political reform . Our high school sits on a busy commercial street linking the city center and a university district in Shanghai . Almost every day that late spring , from our third-floor classroom , we could hear the chanting and cheering as demonstrators marched past our campus . ` Freedom ' We would rush downstairs or to the windows during breaks to watch the demonstrations . A sea of red flags and banners was a memorable scene of people power for those of us born after Chairman Mao 's Cultural Revolution . It was also thrilling to hear shouts of "  democracy " and "  freedom " reverberating in the air , as those words had largely been taught as phony Western concepts in political science classes . In the end our political science teacher turned out to be right after all . Every time when she sensed our diverted attention , she would remind us to focus on our textbook instead of the protests outside : "  This will be over shortly and nothing good will come of it . " A few weeks later on June 4 , soldiers in Beijing opened fire on civilians to clear Tiananmen Square of protesters . Several days after that , Shanghai authorities removed roadblocks set up by local demonstrators to disrupt traffic in protest at the brutal military suppression in the capital . When the dust settled and a new Communist leadership was installed in Beijing , the same political science teacher returned to give us the Party 's version of the events . "  Counter-revolutionary riot , " was the official verdict on the pro-democracy movement she wrote on the blackboard , emphasizing that the lesson was mandatory and a test would be given . Tank man We were required to watch a video produced by state broadcaster CCTV , which contained the iconic image of the "  tank man " -- an unknown protester standing in front of a column of tanks to stop their advancement . GALLERY : Behind the ` tank man ' image "  He was like a mantis trying to obstruct a chariot . " I still remember this Chinese idiom used by the announcer . "  If not for the restraint of our military , he would have been obliterated . " Along with political indoctrination , other aspects of life seemed to have returned to normal rather quickly -- at least in the eyes of teenagers . By the time I left China for the United States in 1993 , the Tiananmen protests had become a distant memory in my mind thanks to the government 's strenuous effort to erase the events from national consciousness shortly after the bloody crackdown . While I later found out more about what happened in 1989 and to those involved in the movement by reading eyewitness accounts , foreign news reports and academic papers , most of my former classmates staying behind in China did not enjoy such access . What they -- and the generations after them -- have enjoyed are the fruits of China 's breakneck economic development that started in the early 1990s . "  The Communist Party was forced to strike a deal with the Chinese people in 1992 , " said Wu'erkaixi , a student leader of the pro-democracy movement who fled China after the military suppression and has lived in exile ever since . "  The Party gave them the right to make money in exchange for political cooperation -- the deal worked . " The Taipei-based activist , who remains the second most wanted man in China for his role in the Tiananmen protests , says he is not surprised by the Chinese leadership 's continued refusal to re-assess the movement , even though its official description has been watered down to "  political disturbance between the spring and summer of 1989 . " "  The new ruling elite post-1989 has been a mixture of princelings and technocrats , " he said , referring to descendants of Mao 's peers and officials with a technical background . "  They have formed an alliance to write laws that benefit them and protect their entrenched interests above anything else -- so they have little tolerance to any challenge to the status quo . " Annual crackdown Every year around June 4 , the Chinese government rounds up political dissidents , human rights advocates and families of the crackdown victims to prevent them from gathering or speaking to mark the occasion . Under the leadership of President Xi Jinping , himself a princeling , the authorities struck earlier and harder this year , detaining activists -- including prominent lawyer Pu Zhiqiang -- for attending on low-key seminar on the Tiananmen protests . Veteran journalist Gao Yu , another well-known voice on the topic , was taken into custody for allegedly leaking state secrets even before the meeting . Leading human rights activist Hu Jia , who is organizing an online campaign to commemorate the 1989 movement , has been under house arrest since late February . Tiananmen Square , a major tourist attraction , remains off limits to foreign news outlets , especially around June 4 . Soldiers , police and state security agents flood the square during the anniversary period , ready to halt even the slightest sign of on-site reporting . With references to the protests long banned in textbooks and print media , the authorities are now busy blocking Google services and scrubbing allusions to the taboo subject in cyberspace , ordering social media to block keywords as subtle as "  this day , " "  25 years " and "  between spring and summer . " The ever-stricter censorship may have caused many young Chinese -- people in their 20s and early 30s -- to appear oblivious of the 1989 movement as my colleagues discovered on the streets of Beijing . "  I 'm not worried about this thanks to the Internet , " Wu'erkaixi said . "  Even the small percentage of people who do know is too big for the government to cover it up . " "  People will eventually understand that many issues today stem from social problems that were n't resolved in 1989 , " said Hu Jia , the activist under house arrest . "  In a tyranny , they are deprived of a series of rights -- land grabs , forced home demolitions , educational inequality and environmental pollution are all along the same line . " Measured progress For the most part , though , many young professionals and entrepreneurs -- while complaining about a widening income gap and rampant official corruption amid a slowing economy -- have told me that they believe in measured progress instead of revolutions for a vast country like China . "  You can call them pragmatic and materialistic , but they are also individualistic -- and individualism has been the perfect incubation for the idea of equality and freedom , " Wu'erkaixi offered . "  It has happened in the West -- and the younger generations in China will have their glory tune . " But it 's unlikely to be "  Nothing to My Name , " a rock song by Chinese superstar Cui Jian about the dispossessed youth that became the unofficial anthem for Tiananmen Square protesters a quarter century ago .	CNN 's Steven Jiang recalls his time as a student in Shanghai during the Tiananmen crackdown Jiang says his Chinese friends express surprise , indifference as CNN marks 25th anniversary Chinese government has made strenuous efforts to erase the period from national consciousness Officials continue to suppress all mention of events in 1989 by censorship of media , Internet
Maharashtra , India  CNN  -- Sister Shakila Shaikh works round the clock . Twenty-four hours a day , seven days a week . She says she only takes one day off each year during the Muslim festival of Ramzan . "  I have to be here , " she says , showing us her modest two-room health clinic in India . "  The women of this village need me . " Nurse Shaikh is part of a community of health workers leading the battle against malnutrition in Ahmednagar , a poor district in the western state of Maharashtra . Back in 2006 , Maharashtra fared poorly in the Indian government 's National Family Health Survey . The India-wide report showed that 40 % of Maharashtra 's children were underweight , an indication of general malnutrition . "  Data speaks , " says Rajalakshmi Nair , Health and Nutrition specialist at UNICEF . She says it 's a shame that a country that has grown economically has made very little progress when it comes to looking after its children . Despite two decades of robust economic growth , levels of malnutrition in India remain alarmingly high . According to the 2011 Hunger and Malnutrition survey conducted by the Nandi foundation , 42 % of Indian children under the age of five are underweight . That 's more than Sub-Saharan Africa . The Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh says it is a "  matter of national shame . " Vandana Krishna heads the Nutrition Mission of Maharashtra . She agrees that levels of malnutrition across India are very worrying but firmly believes the small steps being taken in the region will make a big difference . Following the 2006 report , the Maharashtra state government teamed up with UNICEF to launch a new initiative that focuses on the first 1,000 days of a child 's life -- starting in the womb . Krishna says this is the period when children are most vulnerable . But she adds , "  It 's also the window of opportunity . If you catch them at that age and address malnutrition and give them the right nutrition , the right childcare , some love and attention , then we can tackle this issue . " That 's exactly what a team of health workers is trying to do across Maharashtra . Nurses like Sister Shaikh handle the early days . At her clinic , Sister Shaikh regularly holds counseling sessions during which she tells pregnant women what to eat and how to experience a healthy pregnancy . Many of the women who come to her clinic are poor and illiterate . They used to have lots of misconceptions about pregnancy , says Sister Shaikh . For example , they would not take any vitamins because they would worry that pills would make the baby too big , leading to a difficult childbirth . "  I started telling them , take your vitamins and folic acid tablets . Do n't worry . Your body knows its limit . The baby will grow accordingly . " She tells us she 's delivered 96 babies since April this year . All of them were above 2.5 kilograms . Not a single one was underweight . Sister Shaikh continues counseling women for a few months after they give birth -- then , a team of anganwadi workers takes over . Anganwadi means courtyard in Hindi . Typically , a government-run anganwadi will provide children with a range of facilities -- pre-school , counseling , basic health care and meals -- around a central courtyard . The anganwadis are playing a crucial role in fighting malnutrition in Maharashtra . At the center we visit , anganwadi workers check the height and weight of children twice a week and are constantly on the lookout for children who are stunted or underweight . "  My main goal is to keep the children healthy , both mentally and physically , " says Hemlata Babasaheb Bagul who has been an anganwadi worker for 10 years . One of the 24 children she looks after is moderately underweight . At two years and 11 months , Bagul tells us Sai should weigh 12 kilograms . She weighs 10.3 kilograms . So Bagul has got Sai 's mother involved . She 's told her what to feed the child and when to give her meals . She 's also advised her to stock a low shelf with nutritious snacks such as peanut balls to that Sai can help herself whenever she 's hungry . Timely intervention likes this appears to be making a difference in Maharashtra . Krishna says she 's awaiting results of a state-wide survey on nutrition levels but tells CNN that early data shows malnutrition in children has halved in Maharashtra since 2006 . The key , she says is to focus on the first 1,000 days of a child 's life -- and to find a few local heroes like Sister Shaikh .	2006 report showed that 40 % of Maharashtra state 's children were underweight Despite India 's two decades of economic growth , malnutrition remains alarmingly high Maharashtra working with UNICEF on program that focuses on first 1,000 days of child 's life Government-run anganwadi provide schooling , counseling and basic health care
CNN  The first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United Kingdom is heading home . London 's Royal Free Hospital announced Saturday that "  Pauline Cafferkey has been discharged from the Royal Free following her recovery from Ebola . " On December 29 , the 39-year-old Glasgow , Scotland , resident became the first person to be diagnosed with the virus on UK soil shortly after returning from Sierra Leone . Five days later , the Royal Free Hospital announced her condition had deteriorated to critical . That meant all the more reason to celebrate Saturday 's news . Prime Minister David Cameron was among those weighing in , tweeting , "  Great to hear Pauline Cafferkey has been discharged from hospital . Thank you to everyone @RoyalFreeNHS for the world class care . " Cafferkey contracted Ebola while working with Save the Children at an Ebola treatment center , according to Michael von Bertele , humanitarian director at that organization . British media outlets said Cafferkey is a public health nurse in Scotland 's South Lanarkshire area who was part of a 30-strong team of medical volunteers deployed to West Africa by the UK government last month in a joint endeavor with Save the Children . She traveled via Casablanca , Morocco , and London Heathrow Airport before arriving at Glasgow Airport on a British Airways flight late last year , the health agency NHS Scotland said . After feeling unwell , she sought medical attention and became the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola within the United Kingdom . She was reportedly transferred to London in a military aircraft fitted with an isolation pod and brought to the Royal Free Hospital . That facility has a high-level isolation unit , with access restricted to specially trained medical staff . A specially designed tent , with controlled ventilation , is set up over the patient 's bed . As she got treatment there , Save the Children said that it was "  doing everything possible " to establish how Cafferkey contracted Ebola and had been conducting a review since she was confirmed as having the virus . CNN 's Susannah Cullinane and Max Foster contributed to this report .	London 's Royal Free Hospital tweets that it 's released Pauline Cafferkey She was diagnosed with Ebola in late December , at one point was in critical condition She contracted the virus after working in Sierra Leone and became ill after returning to Britain
CNN  -- Kelly Clarkson tweeted confirmation of her weekend marriage to Brandon Blackstock on Monday , along with three photos from the wedding day . "  I 'm officially Mrs. Blackstock : We got married yesterday at Blackberry Farms in TN , the most beautiful place ever ! " Clarkson wrote . The first photograph showed the couple standing at the entrance to covered wooden bridge , with Clarkson , 31 , holding a sunflower bouquet and Blackstock kissing her . Another picture shows the couple kissing in a grassy field , while the third is a closer shot of Clarkson standing alone with her bouquet . Blackberry Farm is a rural resort in the foothills of the Great Smoky Mountains , about 30 miles south of Knoxville . Clarkson , the first "  American Idol " winner , announced her engagement to Blackstock , a talent mananger and father of two , in December . The singer told People magazine in August that the couple decided to forgo a large wedding in favor of an intimate gathering . " ` Thank you so much for understanding , but it 's just going to be me and Brandon and his two kids and the minister , ' " Clarkson said she told friends and family .	Clarkson weds at a resort in the foothills of the Great Smoky Mountains The singer posted three wedding-day photos on her Twitter account The first "  American Idol " winner married talent manager Brandon Blackstock
Washington  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder angrily responded Friday to Republican critics of his handling of a controversial gun enforcement operation , charging them with using "  irresponsible and inflammatory rhetoric . " "  I simply can not sit idly by as a  Republican  member of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform suggests , as happened this week , that law enforcement and government employees who devote their lives to protecting our citizens be considered "  accessories to murder , ' " Holder said in a letter to members of Congress . "  Such irresponsible and inflammatory rhetoric must be repudiated in the strongest possible terms , " he said . The bitter debate follows the release this week of Justice Department documents on Capitol Hill that prompted Republican critics to charge Holder knew about the now-discredited Fast and Furious gun operation before he previously claimed in testimony before the Oversight Committee . Holder did not mention by name anyone other than Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa in his stinging rebuke of the charges that have been leveled at the attorney general . Holder insisted , as his Justice Department aides have for several days , that he was not inconsistent in his testimony . "  My testimony was truthful and accurate , " Holder said . "  I have no recollection of knowing about Fast and Furious or of hearing its name prior to the public controversy about it . Prior to early 2011 , I certainly never knew about the tactics employed in the operation . " The tactics Holder referred to center on Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives agents allowing illegally purchased guns to "  walk " from Arizona gun stores to Mexico . The ATF plan was to track the weapons to Mexican drug cartels . However , many of the guns were lost in the operation , and two of them ended up at the scene where U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was murdered . New boss at AFT announces major shake-up Holder insists that when he learned of those tactics he stopped "  uncontrolled crossing of guns across the border , " and called for an inspector general investigation to get to the bottom of the matter . Frederick Hill , a spokesman for the committee chaired by Issa , issued a statement in response to Holder 's letter . "  If Attorney General Holder had said these things five months ago when Congress asked him about Operation Fast and Furious , it might have been more believable . At this point , however , it 's hard to take at face value a defense that is factually questionable , entirely self-serving , and a still incomplete account of what senior Justice Department officials knew about gun walking , " Hill said . Holder 's five-page letter included detailed explanations in response to various points raised by his critics . He concluded by saying : "  Until we move beyond the current political climate , where real solutions take a back seat to both political posturing and making headlines on cable news programs , and is deemed more important than actually solving our country 's difficult challenges , nothing is going to change . I hope we can engage in a more responsible dialogue on this subject in the future . " CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .	Holder strikes back after a comment by a GOP member of the Oversight Committee "  Such irresponsible and inflammatory rhetoric must be repudiated , " he says He rejects accusations that he knew details about a gun operation earlier than he testified Committee spokesman calls his denial "  factually questionable  and  entirely self-serving "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The FBI says it found child pornography on a computer used by the man charged with the fatal shooting of a security guard at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum June 10 . Museum shooting suspect James von Brunn remains in a Washington hospital . In court documents filed Wednesday , an investigator says the pornography was found on a desktop computer during a search of an Annapolis , Maryland , apartment where 88-year old James von Brunn had been living for the past two years . The documents did not provide details about the pornography , but investigators requested permission to make a more extensive search of the computer and others found in von Brunn 's home . Von Brunn has been charged with the murder of museum security guard Stephen Johns . The white supremacist was shot in the face after two other security officers returned fire . He remains in a Washington hospital . The FBI also searched a red Hyundai that law enforcement officials say von Brunn left double-parked in front of the museum right before the shooting . In separate documents also filed on Wednesday , investigators say they found 35 rounds of live ammunition for a .22 caliber rifle . Officials allege von Brunn used a .22 caliber rifle , which was found at the scene , to shoot Johns in the chest . According to paperwork detailing the car search , investigators found business cards advertising a USS Liberty Web site that claims Israeli forces "  suddenly and brutally " attacked the U.S. Navy vessel in international waters in 1967 . Investigators also found business cards for von Brunn 's own Web site , which hosts postings of white supremacist writings . Among other items found in the car were a disabled parking permit , mouthwash , a salt shaker and a roll of quarters totaling $ 7.25 . Earlier this week investigators filed papers saying among the items discovered in von Brunn 's apartment was a painting that appeared to depict Hitler and Jesus . They also found a .30 -30 rifle , ammunition and a handwritten will .	Computer found in apartment of 88-year old James von Brunn FBI asks for more extensive search of the computers found in von Brunn 's home FBI also searches von Brunn 's car ; finds ammunition for .22 caliber rifle
CNN  -- The Road to Durban is a 30-minute monthly show that explores the cities making strides in reducing their carbon footprint . Beginning in the United Kingdom , CNN will take viewers to urban centers in Germany , Turkey and Kenya -- before heading to Durban , South Africa for the 17th session of the United Nations Convention on Climate Change  UNFCC  in December . Along the way , a team of experts will examine the planning , environmental and sustainability issues facing today 's cities , as well as the green initiatives being developed to tackle them . After Durban , the show will be heading to Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates to continue the journey . Watch Road to Durban : A Green City Journey in August at the following times : Wednesday 17 August : 0730 , 1730 Saturday 20 August : 0730 , 1230 , 1830 Sunday 21 August : 0430 , 1630 Monday 22 August : 0330	The road to Durban examines the cities making strides in reducing their carbon footprint Viewers will visit urban centers in Germany , Turkey and Kenya and the United Kingdom The show will culminate in Durban for the 17th U.N. Convention on Climate Change
CNN  -- About 150 U.S. Marines are poised to enter turbulent South Sudan to help evacuate Americans and provide security for the U.S. Embassy , if ordered to do so , two U.S. military officials said Monday . The troops are moving from Moron , Spain , to the Navy 's Camp Lemonnier in Djibouti . An estimated 100 U.S. citizens are believed to be in South Sudan , where steady violence is stoking fears of an all-out civil war in the world 's newest country . "  By positioning these forces forward , we are able to more quickly respond to crisis in the region , if required , " read a statement from U.S. Africa Command . It cited the example of Benghazi , where an attack last year killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . "  One of the lessons learned from the tragic events in Benghazi was that we needed to be better postured , in order to respond to developing or crisis situations , if needed . These precautionary movements will allow us to do just that , " the statement read . According to a senior administration official , 380 American citizens and about another 300 third-country nationals have been evacuated . "  Based on registration , there are American citizens in other towns and areas throughout South Sudan . We are trying to track down how many may still be there . Many may have gotten out on their own . We are trying to track that down , " the official said . On Sunday , all Americans who presented themselves at a U.N camp in the flashpoint town of Bor were evacuated safely , the State Department said . A State Department official said about 15 Americans were flown out Sunday . U.S. personnel have been working to confirm that no other U.S. citizens remained in Bor in need of evacuation . U.N. civilian staff were moved from a compound in Bor to Juba , the capital , on Saturday , the same day a U.S. mission to airlift Americans out was aborted when the aircraft came under fire . Four U.S. troops were wounded in the attack in Bor and were to be moved to the U.S. military hospital at Landstuhl , Germany , a senior U.S. official told CNN on Sunday . One of the injured "  went through some pretty serious surgery " after being taken to Nairobi , Kenya , with wounds from gunshots fired at the aircraft . All four have been able to speak to their families . "  The United States and the United Nations , which has the lead for securing Bor airport in South Sudan , took steps to ensure fighting factions were aware these flights were a humanitarian mission , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . "  The U.S. government is doing everything possible to ensure the safety and security of United States citizens in South Sudan . We are working with our allies around the world to connect with and evacuate U.S. citizens as quickly and safely as possible . " Rebel seizure Earlier , government officials reported rebels have seized the capital of a key oil-producing state in South Sudan . Military spokesman Phillip Aguer told CNN that Bentiu is no longer under government control after falling to troops loyal to former Vice President Riek Machar , who was ousted from his post in the summer . On its Twitter feed , the South Sudanese government wrote : "  Bentiu is not currently in our hands . It is in the hands of a commander who has declared support for Machar . " Bentiu is the capital of Unity state , the source of oil -- crucial to impoverished South Sudan 's economy -- that flows through pipelines north into Sudan for export . Aguer said troops of the Sudan People 's Liberation Army were on their way to retake rebel-held towns -- namely Bentiu and Bor , also north of Juba . He said the army had not asked regional powers to assist , saying it was equipped to handle the situation . He would not specify the number of troops being sent in but estimated about 1,500 rebels were in both Bor and Bentiu . President Salva Kiir , from South Sudan 's Dinka ethnic group , has accused troops loyal to Machar , from the Nuer community , of trying to launch a coup . The two men have long been political rivals , and Kiir dismissed Machar , along with the Cabinet , in July . The U.S. special envoy to South Sudan , Ambassador Donald Booth , said Monday that Kiir told him he is ready to begin talks with Machar , without preconditions as soon his counterpart is willing , to try to stop the violence . South Sudan formally split from Sudan in 2011 after a referendum following decades of conflict . Armed groups remain active in the oil-rich country . Machar : ` There was no coup ' The former vice president said Monday that he and his supporters have no intention of taking power through military means . "  There was no coup . It was a sheer lie , fabrication , " Machar told CNN 's Max Foster . "  There is an uprising in South Sudan , as you well know . The people are uprising . It is because of the security forces that are stamping down on the popular feeling of people . The people of South Sudan are fed up with what Salva Kiir has been doing all this time . " He said he was happy to start talks with the President , but only if Kiir first releases political detainees . "  These are the only people who can dialogue . The army releases them , then the dialogue can start soon , and hopefully we will get a peaceful settlement , " Machar told CNN . United Nations responds Up to 40,000 civilians have taken refuge in U.N. bases in the country , the world body says . It estimates some 62,000 people have been displaced , with violence affecting five of South Sudan 's 10 states . "  The U.N. stood with you on your road to independence , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Monday in a message to the people of South Sudan . "  We will stay with you now . I know that the current situation is causing great and growing fear . You are seeing people leave the country amid increasing chaos . The U.N. will stay with you . " He called for reinforcing the U.N. peacekeeping force , which currently has more than 6,800 troops and police in the landlocked country . In a letter , Ban asked the Security Council to boost the force by 5,500 personnel . The United Nations has moved noncritical staff out of Juba across the border into Uganda . The violence , which began in the capital , has spread farther north in one week , killing hundreds of people and displacing tens of thousands . According to the senior U.S. administration official , the United Nations is working up a list of requests for assistance . "  Washington is now in the process of looking at these requests and evaluating how we can be helpful and how we can do that as quickly as possible , " the official said . Doctors Without Borders ` deeply concerned ' Medecins Sans Frontieres said it was "  deeply concerned " for the safety of those caught up in the violence . The group , also known as Doctors Without Borders , said fighting had broken out Sunday in Nasir in the Upper Nile state , and a hospital in the town had received 24 patients with gunshot wounds . The group is also providing assistance in Bentiu and Juba . "  Yesterday while setting up the mobile clinic for the displaced in Juba , there was still a queue of people arriving carrying all their belongings , with their children in tow . With the ongoing conflict in the country , people are unsure of how the situation will evolve and are scared to return home , " Forbes Sharp , the humanitarian group 's emergency coordinator , said in a statement . "  The situation is evolving fast in South Sudan and we are reacting as best we can to the changing landscape of the violence . " CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon calls for boosting peacekeeping force "  There was no coup , " former Vice President Riek Machar tells CNN U.S. special envoy says South Sudan 's president is ready to begin talks with rival About 150 Marines are headed to South Sudan to help with evacuations , security
Remember the Internal Revenue Service targeting of conservative groups ? IRS targeting : Scandal or snafu ? It was the scandal du jour in Washington last month , now relegated to back-burner status after recent revelations of a vast government electronic surveillance apparatus created in the name of national security following the 9/11 terrorist attacks . Holder : Leaks damaged U.S. security The announcement Thursday by the Obama administration that it would boost aid to Syria rebels because government forces there used chemical weapons further shifted attention away from the IRS controversy involving extra scrutiny given conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status . Republicans continue trying to raise the issue , grilling FBI Director Robert Mueller about it at a congressional hearing on Thursday . They argue that the Obama administration used the tax agency to intimidate and harass political opponents . Democrats respond that the independent inspector general who revealed the targeting blamed poor management , rather than political bias . Congressional sources on both sides say that interviews with IRS workers so far have found no political conspiracy . Read IRS watchdog 's report What happens next depends on any further information from ongoing investigations . The IRS , the agency 's inspector general at the Treasury Department , J. Russell George , the Department of Justice and GOP-led congressional committees are all looking into the matter . Acting IRS Commissioner Danny Werfel , appointed by President Barack Obama to clean up the mess , said last week that he would release more information on the targeting once privacy issues had been worked out . New IRS chief asks for patience over targeting probe If the investigations fail to find a political effort to suppress activities by conservatives , the scandal will likely die a slow bureaucratic death of piecemeal reports in coming months . However , if the multiple inquiries find evidence of guidance from Washington and even the White House , as claimed by Republicans , the scandal would instantly generate new headlines , more hearings and possible criminal proceedings . Rand Paul claims revealing memo exists in IRS scandal Mueller told the House Judiciary Committee on Thursday 's the FBI was investigating IRS targeting , and assured legislators that "  to the extent there 's any indication of criminal misconduct , we will follow the leads and the evidence wherever it takes us . " However , he declined to discuss the matter further because of the ongoing probe , prompting frustration from Republicans on the panel . Conservative Rep. Jim Jordan , a fierce critic of the Obama administration , hammered Mueller with questions such as who was leading the investigation , how many investigators were assigned and whether they had interviewed groups victimized by the targeting . When Mueller said he had n't been briefed on those details , the Ohio Republican blew up . "  You ca n't even tell me who the lead investigator is ? " he asked Mueller , who will step down soon after almost 12 years leading the FBI . "  You ca n't tell me how many agents are assigned to the most important story in the country ? " Seven committee hearings so far on the matter revealed the partisan divide that permeates Washington . Republicans called the targeting a conspiracy of Nixonian dimensions , while Democrats condemned it as bureaucratic rather than political malfeasance . At the House Oversight Committee , GOP Chairman Darrell Issa of California and ranking Democrat Elijah Cummings of Maryland have engaged in a public dispute over interviews that panel investigators conducted with IRS workers involved in the targeting . Earlier this month , Issa released excerpts of transcripts that he said showed IRS officials in Washington played a role in the targeting . "  This was a problem coordinated in all likelihood right out of Washington headquarters and we 're getting to proving it , " he told CNN on June 2 . Issa : Cincinnati IRS employees say direction came from Washington "  My gut tells me that too many people knew this wrongdoing was going on before the election , and at least by some sort of convenient , benign neglect , allowed it to go on through the election , " Issa said . "  I 'm not making any allegations as to motive , that they set out to do it , but certainly people knew it was happening . " In response , the Oversight Committee 's Democratic staff released further interview excerpts that Cummings said disproved any White House role . He challenged Issa to release the full transcript , which has yet to occur . "  Based upon everything I 've seen , the case is solved , " Cummings told CNN last Sunday . "  And if it were me , I would wrap this case up and move on . " Cummings : ` Conservative ' refutes IRS-White House story Meanwhile , the White House has tried to shift attention to other issues with events on student loan rates , health care reform and immigration legislation . Second term mostly drama for Obama GOP resists White House effort to control message Top White House officials say they knew nothing of the targeting when it occurred . General Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler learned of a pending inspector general 's report on April 24 , 2013 , according to White House spokesman Jay Carney . When asked Wednesday if the full transcripts of interviews with IRS workers should be released , Carney said Issa had promised to do so . He added that Cummings "  has demonstrated that we have seen yet again some cherry-picking when it comes to the release of testimony , release of information , " Carney added , referring to past instances when Republicans on the Oversight panel made public details on other issues that turned out to be incomplete or misleading . The inspector general report last month found that an IRS unit in Cincinnati had used criteria that included conservative labels such as "  tea party " to target groups seeking tax-exempt status for extra questioning . IRS rules prevent groups engaging in political activity from becoming tax exempt . According to the report , the targeting began in 2010 and ended last year when senior IRS officials learned of it . It blamed a misguided effort to streamline handling of increased applications for tax-exempt status , exacerbated by unclear regulations regarding what constitutes political activity . Republicans contend the targeting was political discrimination in the run-up to the 2012 election , and one of the GOP-led House committees heard from groups who detailed delayed handling of their requests , excessive questioning by the IRS for inappropriate information , and other problems . Some conservatives also contend they faced IRS tax audits due to political targeting , but no evidence of such activity has turned up in investigations so far . George told an earlier congressional hearing that his unit was investigating the possible use of other lists of criteria to trigger additional scrutiny of tax-exempt applications . He provided no details . Meanwhile , the partisan bickering goes on . The Republican National Committee released a video this week that accused the Obama administration of dodging responsibility . It included footage of IRS officials testifying before congressional committees , edited to highlight when they said they did n't know or were unable to remember details . GOP video keeps up pressure over IRS targeting "  Americans deserve answers to why their First Amendment rights were so egregiously violated , " RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said . "  Turning a blind eye and claiming not to know , or remember , what actions were carried out is no excuse for targeting individuals based on their beliefs . These are simple questions , and if they ca n't answer it raises another : what are they hiding ? "	Multiple investigations of the IRS targeting continue Disclosure of U.S. surveillance programs has diminished focus on IRS issue Republicans continue raising the IRS targeting in criticizing the Obama administration The two party leaders on the House Oversight Committee have a public dispute
London  CNN  -- Tensions between Turkey and Israel worsened Thursday when Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said his country would follow aid ships to Gaza trying to break the Israeli blockade . It comes as Israeli officials said Turkey had expelled three diplomats from the Turkish capital of Ankara . Relations between the two countries have deteriorated since a raid on a Turkish ship carrying aid to Gaza last year when Israeli commandos killed eight Turks and one Turkish American . A United Nations investigation into the incident found that the Israeli blockade of Gaza is a "  legitimate security measure " in compliance with international law , but it said that Israel had used "  excessive and unreasonable " force . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the recent increase in tensions between the two countries "  was not our choice " but added that Israel had the right to defend its coast and to prevent smugglers and flotillas reaching the Gaza Strip . CNN asked Fadi Hakura , Associate Fellow and Manager of the Turkey Project at Chatham House in London -- a British institute for the independent analysis of international issues -- for his take on Turkey 's relationship with Israel . What led to the souring of relations between Turkey and Israel ? "  Turkey was the first Muslim-majority country to establish diplomatic relations with Israel in March 1949 . Since then , bilateral relations reflected the regional conditions in the Middle East . As the Middle East peace process blossomed in the 1990s , both countries enjoyed close political , economic and military ties . "  However , bilateral relations deteriorated after Israel 's military operations in Gaza . They took a turn for the worse when Israeli naval commandos intercepted the Turkish ship Mavi Marmara en route to breach the Israeli blockade of Gaza . That incident led to the deaths of eight Turks and one Turkish-American . "  Israel refused Turkey 's demand for an apology but agreed to express regret and pay compensation for the Mavi Marmara victims . " How serious is the pledge to escort aid ships ? "  The Turkish prime minister has threatened to send naval warships to escort future civilian aid ships heading to Gaza . So far , Turkey seems to be sabre-rattling . But the risk of a naval confrontation between Israel and Turkey in the future can not be totally discounted . " How does this affect relations between the two countries ? "  Turkey 's downgrading of diplomatic relations with Israel signals a major escalation of Turkish-Israeli tensions with Israel . Thus far , Israel 's response to the Turkish sanctions has been muted but may react if Turkey raises the stakes further . " Who has the most to lose ? "  Turkey 's suspension of military ties with Israel will not have an immediate impact since there are no major outstanding defence contracts or joint military exercises between both countries . "  A more immediate impact is the loss of intelligence-sharing between Israel and Turkey , but it is likely the U.S. will try to minimize the implications on intelligence cooperation . "  Israel does not wish to lose access to Turkey 's $ 700 billion economy , one of the largest in the Middle East . "  Similarly , Turkey is not keen for the time being to diminish business opportunities and the web of private sector interests with Israel at a time of challenging economic conditions . "  For example , the northwestern province of Bursa has started manufacturing the Fluence Z.E. , an electric car from Renault and Nissan , thanks to a deal signed with the Israeli company Better Place . "  However , the escalation of tensions may eventually undermine bilateral trade beyond the loss of Israeli tourism to Turkey and defence deals between both countries . " Is Erdogan playing to a home audience and if so why ? "  Prime Minister Erdogan is keen to portray Turkey as a leader in the Middle East and the Muslim world . His self-confidence has grown immeasurably since winning a decisive victory in the general elections of June 2011 . Part of his popularity stems from an assertive and confrontational attitude towards Israel . " What are the regional implications ? "  Turkey 's tensions with Israel come at time of uprisings in Egypt , Libya and Syria . In the short term , Prime Minister Erdogan 's popularity among Arabs and Muslims may experience a temporary surge . "  Longer term , if the U.S. is successful in managing the fallout in Israeli-Turkish relations , then regional implications will be contained . " Has the ` Arab Spring ' had a bearing on this relationship ? "  The Turkey-Israel relations predated the so-called Arab Spring . They were on a downward spiral since the Israeli military intervention in Gaza . " What about Turkey 's relationship with the European Union -- does this affect its desire to join the EU ? "  Turkey 's confrontation with Israel has no bearing on its already fractious and challenging relationship with the EU . German and French opposition to Turkish aspirations to join the EU has brought the process to a standstill . Turkey 's chances of membership looked slim prior to the recent escalation of tensions with Israel . "	UN report found Israeli blockade of Gaza "  legitimate " but was critical of "  excessive force " Fadi Hakura says bilateral relations suffered as a result of military action in Gaza He believes the Turkish prime minister 's popularity partly stems from his stance on Israel Hakura says if the U.S. manages the situation , then regional implications can be contained
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Africa is not a country , and Africans generally do not live in trees or hunt game with spears . Nor do they all walk around in the nude among lions and zebras . Chinedu Ezeamuzie shows some of his company 's Web designs after an interview last week . African immigrants to the United States say cartoonish caricatures and a Western media penchant for reporting on Africa 's disease , hunger and war -- rather than the continent 's successes -- trivialize their cultures . They complain they have trouble dispelling the stereotypes once they arrive in the States . They concede , though , the myths run both ways and some say they were surprised to find their values more often aligned with those of white Americans than African-Americans . "  I have been laughed at because of my accent and asked all the ignorant questions , " said iReporter Ajah-Aminata N'daw , 25 , of Fall River , Massachusetts . "  Questions like : Did I live on a tree ? Roam the jungles naked ? Have wild animals at home ? " N'daw emigrated from Dakar , Senegal , in 2001 . She works in a hair-braiding salon and has met African-Americans who share her values of hard work and family , but in most cases , "  we are raised differently , taught different values and held up to a different moral code . " iReport : Read why N'daw is not African-American Gaddafi Nkosi , 18 , recently graduated from The Piney Woods School , a historically African-American boarding school about 22 miles southeast of Jackson , Mississippi . He has since returned to Pretoria , South Africa , but recalled well the misnomers he faced in the U.S. "  I came down from South Africa and so many people thought that maybe that 's a jungle or maybe I 'd go out chasing lions or something like that , " he said . African , black students find common ground at Mississippi school " Nkosi 's American classmates acknowledge their misconceptions . Cydney Smith , 17 , of Nashville , Tennessee , said she once believed Africa was populated with "  uncivilized tribes . " Raphael Craig , 17 , of Hyattsville , Maryland , said the television misinformed him as well . Before Craig visited the continent in 2005 and 2006 , he thought of Africans as "  half-naked , running around with tigers in the jungle , " Craig said , confessing he was unaware tigers roam only Asia . But in Ghana and Nigeria , Craig saw children playing the same games he and his siblings played . He saw many signs of modernity , including Mercedes and other brands of cars found in the United States . "  OK , this country is running how we 're running , just two different schools , " Craig recalled thinking . "  It really opened my eyes to the point that everything you see on TV is not always the actual thing . " If the Western media are doing Africans no favors , then the African media are also a disservice to African-Americans because it portrays them as criminals , some immigrants say . Sandi Litia , 19 , a Piney Woods graduate from Limulunga , Zambia , said she was initially scared of African-Americans because the African media show them "  wearing clothes like gangsters and killing each other . " Nkosi concurred that African media "  made it seem as if they were these aggressive people that did nothing constructive with their lives except occupy prison space . " Trying to fit in Chinedu Ezeamuzie , 21 , of Athens , Georgia , arrived in 2003 . He had spent the majority of his life in Jabriya , Kuwait , and came to the U.S. to pursue his education . The recent Georgia Tech graduate said he considers himself Nigerian because his parents -- both from the village of Uga -- instilled in their four children strong Nigerian values of family , community , spirituality and self-betterment . Test your Africa knowledge with a quiz " In Athens , Ezeamuzie found his ideals at odds with those who shared his skin color at Clarke Central High School , his first stint in a public school . On his first day , he donned khakis , a button-down dress shirt and nice leather shoes . He caught the African-Americans ' attention upon stepping into the cafeteria , he said . "  They give me the look , " he said . "  Why is this guy dressed like the white folks , like the preppy guys ? " Ezeamuzie did n't understand why so few black students were in his advanced-placement classes . He did n't understand the de facto lunchroom segregation or the accusing glances he got for eating with white classmates . One classmate called him a traitor and asked , "  Do you not like black people ? " "  My whole life I had reaped benefits from being in different circles and bridging them , " so he wanted to fit in , he said . iReport : What are the unique struggles of being African in America ? He found clothes akin to what he saw many African-Americans wearing -- baggy pants and an oversized T-shirt . He relaxed his British-trained tongue and tried out for the basketball team , the 6-foot-5 Ezeamuzie said . Ezeamuzie recalled finding himself more confused by his experience with some African-Americans : Why were they so cliquish ? Why did they mock students for being intelligent ? Why were they homophobic and bent on using the n-word ? Why did every conversation seem to involve drugs , girls or materialism ? "  They kind of accepted me . They saw me a little differently , but I was thinking this is a very narrow mindset , " Ezeamuzie said . Ezeamuzie and other Africans say they feel African-Americans too often dwell on slavery and the racism that has persisted for more than a century since the Emancipation Proclamation . "  We have all been tortured , " said iReporter Vera Ezimora , 24 , a Nigerian student living in Baltimore , Maryland . "  Now that we are free , holding on to the sins of white men who have long died and gone to meet their maker is more torture than anything we have suffered . " iReport : Read about questions Ezimora faced when she came to the U.S. Values at core of misunderstanding ? Martin Mohammed , president of the U.S. African Chamber of Commerce , estimates there are 3 million African immigrants in the U.S. -- about twice the U.S. Census Bureau estimate . He has heard from numerous immigrants struggling to find commonalities with Americans who share their skin color . Mohammed emigrated from Somalia in 1998 and is now naturalized . He considers himself African-American , but "  it does not mean that I have already assimilated into the culture . " Values and upbringings may lie at the center of the cultures ' misunderstanding of each other , he said . Many Africans come to the U.S. to escape dire conditions such as poverty or civil war . Their objectives are often advancing their education or finding good jobs , Mohammed said . They also strive to reunite their families , or at least support them back home . Remittances from the U.S. to Africa total about $ 20 billion annually , according to the World Bank . However , African immigrants find that education and good jobs elude their African-American brethren , and there is a perception that many African-American men are n't committed to supporting their families , Mohammed said . The two cultures have much to teach each other -- especially politically and economically -- but they must accept they have something to learn . "  Honestly , what we need to do is realize both cultures are important , " Mohammed said . Myths thrive on ignorance iReporter Emeka Aniukwu , 35 , hails from Ebenebe , Nigeria , and said he has heard all the American misperceptions about Africa , but the cure to ignorance is communication . He began dating Sonya Roberts , 25 , of Austin , Texas , shortly after he arrived in the U.S. in March 2005 . She taught him about African-American culture , and he taught her about Nigeria . The couple married two years ago . "  Talk to people , stop showing ugly face and do n't be shy about your accent , " he advised African immigrants . "  Most of the media coverage about Africa is all about hunger , diseases and war , so what do you expect ? People are curious and just want to know , so calm down and educate them as much as you can . " iReport : Read why Aniukwu loves Africa-Americans At Piney Woods , where about 35 of the 200 students emigrate from Africa , the school 's president , Reginald Nichols , concurs that education is integral to understanding . He 's heard Africans say the African-Americans are aggressive , while the African-Americans accuse Africans of being reserved -- but the more they mingle the more they mesh , he said . "  You have the African students tell me that they have learned so much about standing up from the African-American students , and the African-American students said they 've learned how to simmer down , so it 's a wonderful thing , " Nichols said . Mohammed , too , said he 'd like to see more African-Americans dispelling myths about Africa , which is increasingly important as Africans in the U.S. begin wielding more economic influence . The chamber estimates African immigrants have about $ 50 billion in annual purchasing power . Numbers from the University of Georgia 's Selig Center of Economic Growth indicate the number is just behind the nation 's Native American community , which had $ 61.8 billion in buying power last year . The entire African-American market was estimated at $ 913 billion and the Hispanic market at $ 951 billion . History dictates that economic power precedes political power . Mohammed said Africans can learn much about politics from African-Americans because of their "  level of influence in Washington . " "  I 'm also interested to the extent that the black population can play a role in solving global conflict . We can help these discussions around the globe , but we must begin here in the U.S.A. , " he said . iReporter Faraji Goredenna , 53 , of Layton , Utah , said he encourages African-Americans to learn more about Africa and lend a hand to Africans so they know "  America 's institutions and opportunities are open to them , too . " iReport : Read how Goredenna embraces both cultures But he 'd like a symbiotic relationship , he said , explaining , "  We African-Americans want to learn more about our history and culture as it exists in Africa , but we have also created a culture for ourselves here that we ask our brothers and sisters from Africa to respect . " CNN 's Jackie Adams contributed to this report .	Senegalese woman says of two cultures : We are "  taught different values " African , African-American teenagers had myriad misconceptions of each other Nigerian says he tried to act like African-Americans to fit in , was still confused Key to dispelling myths about both cultures is education , dialogue , immigrants say
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  Nepal 's only international airport remains closed two days after a Turkish Airlines plane skidded off the tarmac and blocked the airport 's only runway . Officials said Tribhuvan International would reopen at 10 a.m. local time Saturday as preparations to move the plane continue . "  We do not know now if it will take longer than then to move the plane , " Purna Chudal , manager of the Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal , told CNN . More then 160 flights have been canceled since Wednesday 's incident , leaving more than 24,000 passengers stranded as officials struggle to remove the immobile Airbus A330 off the runway , Chudal said . The timing of the incident is problematic for Nepal 's tourism industry , which is gearing up for the 2015 climbing season . Foreigners heading to Mount Everest and other nearby peaks in the Himalayan Mountains transit through the airport . The authority initially said it would reopen the airport at 10 a.m. Friday , later revising that to 5 p.m. , but workers were unable to remove the aircraft by that time . They were able to lift the plane 's nose -- originally pitched down -- and change its tires . The main challenge now is to push the grass-grounded plane back onto the runway . Officials say the area under the plane needs to be firmed up -- a process that involves digging into the ground and filling it with gravel -- before push back can commence . The Turkish Airways incident did n't result in any major injuries but the plane has remained aground as Nepal does n't have the necessary equipment to move it . Cargo planes were unable to fly in heavy-duty machinery because there was nowhere to land . A specialized aircraft carrying experts and aircraft removal equipment from India reportedly arrived on Thursday . Tribhuvan airport is usually closed between midnight and 6 a.m. but will remain open for 24 hours for the next few days until the backlog is cleared . More than 12,000 people fly in and out of the airport daily . The facility services about 80 international flights per day . Domestic service -- operated by by 18 and 40-seater jets -- was not disrupted . Journalist Manesh Shrestha reported from Kathmandu and CNN 's Maggie Hiufu Wong wrote this story from Hong Kong .	Services at Nepal 's only international airport disrupted for the third day by a stranded plane Turkish Airlines plane skidded off the runway and has remained aground since Wednesday Over 24,000 passengers and 160 planes affected by the closure
Just in time for Albert Einstein 's birthday Thursday , scientists delivered exciting news about how the universe works . Last summer , physicists announced that they had identified a particle with characteristics of the elusive Higgs boson , the so-called "  God particle . " But , as often the case in science , they needed to do more research to be more certain . On Thursday , scientists announced that the particle , detected at the Large Hadron Collider , the world 's most powerful particle-smasher , looks even more like the Higgs boson . The news came at the Moriond Conference in La Thuile , Italy , from scientists at the Large Hadron Collider 's ATLAS and Compact Muon Solenoid experiments . These two detectors are looking for unusual particles that slip into existence when subatomic particles crash into one another at high energies . "  The preliminary results with the full 2012 data set are magnificent and to me it is clear that we are dealing with a Higgs boson though we still have a long way to go to know what kind of Higgs boson it is , " Joe Incandela , spokesperson for the Compact Muon Solenoid experiment , said in a statement . Scientists have analyzed two and a half times more data than they had when the first announced the Higgs boson results last July 4 . The Higgs boson is associated with the reason that everything in the universe -- from humans to planets to galaxies -- have mass . The particle is a component of something called the Higgs field , which permeates our universe . It 's not a perfect analogy , but Brian Greene , theoretical physicist at Columbia University and "  NOVA " host , offered this comparison when I spoke with him last year : "  You can think of it as a kind of molasses-like bath that 's invisible , but yet we 're all immersed within it , " Greene said . "  And as particles like electrons try to move through the molasses-like bath , they experience a resistance . And that resistance is what we , in our big everyday world , think of as the mass of the electron . " The electron would have no mass if it were not for this "  substance , " the field made of Higgs particles . So , without the Higgs boson , we would not be here at all . How particle smasher and telescopes relate Many physicists hate the term "  God particle " because it did not originate in the way you might think . Nobel Prize-winning physicist Leon Lederman wrote a book with "  God Particle " in the title , but reportedly said he 'd actually wanted to call it the "  Goddamn Particle . " Having evidence that the Higgs boson really exists is important for the current understanding of how the universe works . An amazing fact about the Higgs boson is that scientists predicted its existence and then detected it  or something that strongly resembles it  , rather than the other way around . They did n't see an abnormality and wonder what it was . The particle confirms notions about the universe that had only been calculated , but not directly observed . But scientists do not know if the particle they 've found is truly the one predicted by the Standard Model of particle physics . That model is the best explanation out there for what happens at scales smaller than the atom , but still has a lot of holes in it , and there are other theories out there that go beyond that model . It is possible that the Higgs boson found at the Large Hadron Collider could fit into those other theories . To figure that out , scientists must look at how fast the boson decays into other particles , and see how the decay rate stacks up against predictions . The Large Hadron Collider is located in a 17-mile tunnel near the French-Swiss border , and is operated by CERN , the European Organization of Nuclear Research . The $ 10 billion particle-smasher set a record in 2012 for the amount of energy achieved in particle collisions : 8 trillion electron volts  TeV  . The LHC shut down last month for a long staycation full of maintenance and upgrades . After about two years , it will come back online with 13 TeV . Detecting the Higgs boson takes a lot of particle collisions -- there 's only one observed event in every trillion proton-proton collisions , CERN said . The Higgs boson news coincides not only with Einstein 's birthday , but also with Pi Day , March 14 . These events are not entirely unrelated : Incandela told CNN last year that the number pi comes up in Large Hadron Collider calculations . For instance , scientists need to use pi when calculating how "  loops " -- particles that transform themselves into other particles , and then come back together to make the original particle again -- contribute to a particle 's mass . More space and science news from CNN Light Years	An elusive particle discovered last year looks even more like the Higgs boson Higgs boson is linked to all mass in the universe Large Hadron Collider , which discovered particle , shut down for about 2 years The particle-smasher will come back online at unprecedented energies
CNN  -- The Justice Department is set to announce as soon as Wednesday a billion-dollar agreement with Toyota to settle a federal probe of the automaker 's handling of customer complaints related to unintended acceleration , people familiar with the deal said . The investigation led by the office of Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara has examined allegations that the Japanese automotive giant initially misled federal authorities after the complaints became a source of controversy in 2009 . Under the settlement , Toyota is expected to avoid criminal charges and is expected to pay about $ 1 billion , those familiar with the agreement said . "  Toyota has cooperated with the U.S. attorney 's office in this matter for more than four years , " a Toyota spokeswoman said . "  During that time , we have made fundamental changes to become a more responsive and customer-focused organization , and we are committed to continued improvements . " The Justice Department did n't comment on the planned announcement . Toyota recalled millions of cars in 2009-10 , after years of doing little beyond changing floor mats in response to complaints to federal auto safety regulators about acceleration problems in popular models . Regulators were also criticized for their handling of the matter in the years leading up to the massive recalls . Top company executives came under fire in two congressional hearings during that time in which lawmakers accused Toyota of not doing enough to respond to safety concerns . Stiff safety fines were imposed by the Transportation Department . Toyota has settled similar allegations in agreements with a group of states , and has also paid settlements to some Toyota car owners . The Toyota agreement comes with Bharara 's office just starting to look into a safety issue at General Motors . The FBI , which conducted the Toyota probe , is now gathering evidence on the GM complaints . GM has recalled 1.6 million vehicles worldwide over an ignition switch problem . GM engineers apparently knew about it years ago but the Detroit automaker did not move to recall vehicles until last month . Experts : Translated Toyota memo shows acceleration concern CNN Money 's Chris Isidore contributed to this report .	Japanese automaker and prosecutors in billion-dollar agreement Toyota recalled millions of cars and trucks from 2009-10 over unintended acceleration Toyota is expected to avoid criminal charges , according to people familiar with the agreement The Justice Department is now looking into General Motors ' handling of ignition switch problem
CNN  -- This Christmas season the classic film most of us will watch on our televisions is Frank Capra 's "  It 's a Wonderful Life . " With good reason : It 's the perfect feel-good Christmas movie . In celebrating the quiet good works that Jimmy Stewart 's George Bailey has done in running his family 's savings and loan bank for the benefit of the residents of Bedford Falls , "  It 's a Wonderful Life " tells the story of American modesty at its best . But the movie we ought to be watching this Christmas season is another 1946 classic , William Wyler 's "  The Best Years of Our Lives . " With a script by playwright Robert E. Sherwood , who also was a speechwriter for President Franklin Roosevelt , "  The Best Years of Our Lives " tells the story of the difficulties three World War II veterans overcome on returning to their peacetime lives in the fictional Midwestern town of Boone City . What makes the Academy Award-winning "  Best Years of Our Lives " so relevant are the problems today 's veterans -- now coming home in increased numbers with the end of the Iraq war -- are having finding a place in civilian life . Veterans in the 20-24 age bracket have an unemployment rate of nearly 30 % , more than double the 14.5 % unemployment rate of nonveterans in the same age group , and veterans of all ages have an unemployment rate of 11.8 % compared with the civilian unemployment rate of nearly 9 % . Equally alarming are the mental health figures for today 's returning vets . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , veterans account for about one in five of the more than 30,000 suicides committed annually in the United States , and the problem is only getting worse . This year 10,000 combat veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder entered Veterans Affairs hospitals every three months , pushing the number of vets ill with PTSD to 200,000 , according to the Department of Veterans Affairs . "  The Best Years of Our Lives " does not present us with a programmatic answer for how to help returning vets . Wyler does not even mention the GI Bill of Rights , which eventually made it possible for 4.3 million vets to purchase homes at low interest rates and for 2.2 million vets to attend college . But what "  The Best Years of Our Lives " does emphasize is that for those who fight them , our wars continue long after they officially end . In "  the Best Years of Our Lives , " Al Stephenson , a banker played by Fredric March , is the best off of the three vets , but only because of the patience of his wife can Al settle back into the routine of office work . Fred Derry , an Air Force bomber captain played by 1940s leading man Dana Andrews , discovers his wife has been unfaithful to him , and gets back on his feet only because he persuades a compassionate local businessman to give him a job turning old B-17 bombers into scrap that can be used for building houses . And Homer Parrish , a sailor played by real-life veteran Harold Russell , who lost both his hands in a World War II training accident , is able to accept the notion that he is n't a freak because the girl he left behind finally convinces him that his wounds do n't repel her . The result is a series of bittersweet endings that are inseparable from the film 's implicit belief that most vets ca n't succeed on their own when they return home . They need help . The release of "  The Best Years of Our Lives " in November 1946 made it possible for Wyler to deliver his bittersweet message during America 's second post-World War II Christmas season . The timing was perfect for a director whose three years of service in the U.S. Army Air Forces did not blind him to the harsh realities that followed even a "  good war . " The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	Many will watch "  It 's a Wonderful Life " this Christmas season , Nicolaus Mills says Mills : But the movie we should watch is another 1946 classic , "  The Best Years of Our Lives " Oscar-winning film shows peacetime difficulties faced by three World War II vets , he says Today , veterans aged 20-24 have an unemployment rate of nearly 30 % , Mills says
CNN  -- Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel has fired a shot across the bow of business-as-usual at the Pentagon by announcing significant cuts in the U.S. Army . Trimming the active component of the Army from 580,000 to 450,000 would hardly take us back to the interwar Army of 280,000 that gave birth to great wartime leaders like Dwight Eisenhower , George C. Marshall , George A. Patton or Douglass MacArthur , but it still represents a significant reduction in manpower . It undoubtedly will start World War III on the Hill and among other elements of what Ike referred to as our "  military-industrial complex , " but Hagel should hold the line as the time is ripe for an audacious move on this front . He should stand by these cuts for three reasons : First , if we are serious about trimming federal spending , the Department of Defense and the military ca n't be exempt from the budget fight . According to The National Priorities Project , only 30 % of the federal budget is made up of discretionary spending , and of that fraction , defense makes up nearly 60 % of what we might possibly trim . While modern weapons systems have astronomical price tags , the dirty secret is that one of the biggest lines in the Pentagon 's budget is personnel costs -- primarily salaries and health care -- that constitute 26 % of the Defense Department 's 2014 request of $ 527 billion . Given that the Army is the most manpower intensive of our services , it is inevitable that it will have to bear the brunt of these cuts . Second , after two long and inconclusive wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , it is unlikely that the American public would rally round the flag for another major exercise in nation-building and counter-insurgency . Get real , Hagel tells nation in proposing military cuts The sort of military missions the public is likely to support -- special operations-led counter-terrorism strikes , remote-controlled drone campaigns to mop up al Qaeda and indirect military assistance to beleaguered allies -- do not require the hundreds of thousands of boots on the ground that swelled the ranks of the Army over the past decade . Indeed , for the foreseeable future , the services most likely to constitute the tip of the spear for U.S. military missions will be the Navy and the Air Force , whose personnel requirements for missions to keep the peace between China and its neighbors or wage drone and cyber wars are unlikely to be very large . Finally , the dark cloud of large-scale defense reductions may have a silver lining : Bold budget cuts constitute opportunities to subject old and obsolete ways of doing business to the sort of "  creative destruction " that economist Joseph Schumpeter thought was the genius of capitalism . Although the analogy is by no means perfect , military historians have chronicled instances in which periods of deep budget and manpower cuts have produced great periods of strategic innovation . The German military after World War I and the U.S. military after Vietnam are two examples of organizational adversity leading to strategic quantum leaps . Gov. Haley : Cuts to National Guard a ` slap in the face ' Cuts of this depth will undoubtedly force the United States to further trim its military presence overseas . Iraqi President Nouri al-Maliki already showed us the door with his refusal to sign a status of forces agreement covering the small number of residual forces we had hoped to leave in his country . Afghan President Hamid Karzai is turning out to be equally inhospitable . But there is significant U.S. Army presence in Europe and Korea . If we had to choose , we could more safely draw down further on the continent than we could on the Korean Peninsula . Aside from a possible land war in Korea , most of our strategic pivot to Asia is in response to possible Chinese naval challenges which do not require much ground power . Such deep cuts will be painful -- both politically for the administration and directly for our men and women in uniform -- and so should not be implemented cavalierly . On the other hand , to paraphrase Napoleon , if we want to make significant cuts , we should "  do it energetically and with severity . This is the only way to make it shorter , and consequently less inhuman . " Our military and our country will be better off in the long run . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Desch .	Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel announced significant cuts to the U.S. Army Michael Desch : Defense Department , military ca n't be exempt from budget cuts Desch : Personnel costs are huge ; Army has most members so will bear the brunt He says drone attacks , special op warfare are the future , not "  boots on the ground "
Washington  CNN  -- It was a bellwether election of sorts . Gun-control Democrats in Virginia running for governor , lieutenant governor and attorney general all won despite poor reviews from the National Rifle Association , a politically powerful organization headquartered in the state . "  I do n't care what grade I got from the NRA , " Terry McAuliffe said in the gubernatorial campaign 's final debate . He received an "  F " from the group , which is holding its annual conference in Indianapolis starting on Friday . Gun-control advocates cheered when the three Democrats prevailed . The gun-rights lobby soldiered on . Although McAuliffe 's first effort at tougher gun laws in Virginia was thwarted in the legislature not long after he took office , it illustrated where the battles are being fought now that the issue has effectively moved from Washington , where the Senate a year ago failed to advance new measures following the horrendous Newtown school massacre in Connecticut . Battlegrounds in the states Gun-control and gun-rights forces are now squaring off in the states and their efforts are funded by backers who are pouring millions into the fray . "  It 's mixed in many ways , " economist and pro-gun advocate John Lott , president of the Crime Prevention Research Center , said of the nation 's newest slate of gun laws . "  Obviously , there 's some states that have been pushing for more gun control and others are moving in the other direction . " According to an analysis conducted for CNN by the National Conference of State Legislatures , states have enacted more than 40 new gun laws since the start of the year . Roughly half are those considered by such gun-control groups as the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence as having "  minimal impact " on existing law . They include provisions in a measure passed by the Democrat-controlled Colorado legislature allowing people , under certain circumstances , to renew their concealed handgun permits in a county different from the one in which the gun was originally registered . Gun-law reform in Colorado also was a closely-watched topic when tough new restrictions on expanded background checks on private sales and limits on ammunition magazines were signed into law . Several Democratic state lawmakers were recalled over their votes . Guns and mental health The crop of state laws also includes measures that touch on issues debated passionately on the national scene . The Republican-controlled South Dakota state legislature passed a measure requiring that mental health records of "  someone acquitted of a crime by reason of insanity " be sent to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System . Statistics from the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System  NICS  show about 1 percent of applicants who failed a background check over the past 14 years , or 10,180 people , were turned down for reasons related to mental health . Questions of mental health and gun ownership again made headlines this month when a soldier opened fire at Fort Hood , Texas , killing three and wounding more than a dozen others before taking his own life . Authorities say Spc. Ivan Lopez was an Iraq war veteran under evaluation for post-traumatic stress disorder . It 's not clear if the second shooting of its kind on the sprawling military base will lead to changes in law . This week , Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signed legislation -- known by critics as the "  guns everywhere bill " -- that allows residents who have concealed carry permits to take guns into some bars , churches , school zones , government buildings and certain parts of airports . New money , old fight Shifts in direction are due in part to the influence of big money and organization . "  For many years , the gun lobby has had an advantage both in terms of funding and a well-organized and committed grassroots which it has used to hold back efforts to strengthen gun laws that are supported by the vast majority of Americans , including the vast majority of gun owners , " said Daniel Webster , director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research . "  For years , politicians felt that there was more to lose than to gain by supporting much-needed reforms to keep guns from dangerous people . " This month , former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg pledged $ 50 million to try to combat what he and other gun-control advocates see as the NRA 's outsized political influence . NRA gathers as gun debate cools , shifts focus His new group , Everytown for Gun Safety â $ " an umbrella organization for his other groups : Mayors Against Illegal Guns and Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America â $ " plans to borrow from the NRA playbook . Bloomberg 's group hopes to build strong grassroots support , motivate membership and lobby effectively . But gun-control advocates say the playing field wo n't even out overnight . "  I think that at the federal level , it 's going to take time , " said Robyn Thomas , executive director of the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence . "  The NRA and their allies have spent time entrenching themselves in Washington and it 's going to take our national leaders time to recognize there are other players now . " For its part , the NRA says it is not backing down . "  The fight continues , " said NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam . "  It 's not something that is over as the gun-control lobby and Mike Bloomberg have shown they lie in wait for the next tragedy to occur to try and push their agenda . " Quietly studying the issue Quietly , the White House is preparing to fund gun violence prevention studies in some cases for the first time in nearly two decades . The effort , critics say , amounts to a politically-motivated use of taxpayer funds . "  We 're seeing that money abused to promote politics and a gun-control agenda , " Arulanandam said . The National Institute of Health previously announced it would award grants this fall . "  NIH has and will continue to fund research to inform prevention programs related to firearm violence , " agency spokeswoman Renate Myles said . "  Studies designed to develop and evaluate firearm injury prevention activities are part of larger efforts to develop more effective public health education programs . "  This includes research about parental roles in preventing injury - including injuries from firearms - in the home and in other settings . NIH also supports research to understand the relationship between alcohol abuse and gun violence , as part of broader efforts to develop more effective interventions to help prevent violence , " Myles said . Separately , Republicans on the House Appropriations Committee have vowed to block President Barack Obama 's proposal to try to secure $ 10 million in federal funding to scientifically study gun violence through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The agency has not received money to study the topic since the mid-1990s after the NRA lobbied to nix that type of funding following the agency 's controversial study that found gun owners ' homes had higher homicide rates . CNN 's Kevin Bohn , Ben Brumfield , Leigh Ann Caldwell , Ed Payne and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report	The fight over gun law reform is being waged in the statehouses and through well-funded lobbying Forty states have enacted some type of gun legislation this year Guns and mental health is a hot-button issue following the latest Fort Hood shooting The Obama administration is trying to get gun violence research funded ; some Republicans oppose it
Washington  CNN  -- What may be the most contentious Pentagon contract is the focus of yet another fight , with this round centered on whether a bid for a $ 35 billion contract should be thrown out because it arrived five minutes late . For about a decade the Air Force has been trying to replace its fleet of KC-135 air refueling tankers , the big jets that act as flying gas stations for warplanes . In the latest attempt , three companies wanted to submit bids to build the KC-X , the next generation of tankers ; Boeing , EADS and US Aerospace . Each company 's bid was required to be submitted to an office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton , Ohio , by 2 p.m. July 9 . Boeing and EADS got their bids into the office with time to spare . US Aerospace said its bid arrived at Wright-Patterson half an hour before the deadline . The Defense Department said it was five minutes late . US Aerospace is a new company that is in partnership with Antonov , a state-owned Ukrainian aircraft manufacturer that used to build planes for the Soviet Union 's military and now specializes in building very large aircraft . Because of the late arrival of the bid , the Defense Department will not consider US Aerospace 's proposal , according to Pentagon chief spokesman Geoff Morrell . "  We are not allowed by law to even review their proposal . It did not arrive in time . So we can not consider it . We can not review it , " Morrell said . A spokesman for US Aerospace , Chuck Arnold , said the Defence Department "  still feel -LSB- s -RSB- the cold war is on " and does n't want US Aerospace to succeed in the bid . Morrell said the rules are clear . "  This is a $ 30 billion to $ 40 billion contract . That is not a high school homework assignment , OK ? These deadlines count , and any professional contractor understands that , " he said . Chuck Arnold , a spokesman for US Aerospace , said the bid proposal was on time . "  We have documented evidence that the messenger -LSB- who was carrying the bid -RSB- was there at 1:30 . " But Wright-Patterson is a huge facility and the company said the messenger was held up at the gate , then got lost driving to the building where the bid needed to be . When the messenger and the bid proposal finally arrived at the proper location , the bid was marked as having arrived at 2:05 . The company was told the bid would not be considered . US Aerospace is fighting that decision and asking that its bid proposal , which it said will save U.S. taxpayers millions of dollars and produce a better tanker plane , be considered . That might mean further delay in a process that began in 2002 and has been stopped and restarted twice . Morrell said he is confident that the dispute with US Aerospace will not slow the process again . "  Are we concerned about their protest that it might lead to a delay in the awarding of this contract ? I do n't believe so , " Morrell said . "  This is going on . We will -- we will award this contract in the fall , as we always said we would . "	Contact to build air refueling tankers is worth $ 30-40 billion Ukrainian aircraft manufacturer 's bid will not be accepted Messenger gets to air base gate on time , but not to the office to deliver bid
London , England  CNN  -- The iconic Abbey Road music studios made famous by the Beatles are not for sale , the music label that owns them said Sunday , after days of speculation that they were . It is seeking a partner to help pay for upgrades , according to Terra Firma , which controls EMI , owner of the recording studios . "  EMI confirms that it is holding preliminary discussions for the revitalization of Abbey Road with interested and appropriate third parties , " Terra Firma said . But that does not mean the studios are for sale , it added . "  In mid-2009 , we did receive an offer to buy Abbey Road for in excess of # 30 million  currently about $ 46 million  , but this was rejected since we believe that Abbey Road should remain in EMI 's ownership , " the music company said in a statement . The studios became world famous when the Beatles were photographed crossing the road there for the cover of their album "  Abbey Road . " But it 's not only where the Beatles recorded "  All You Need is Love " and numerous other songs , but where much of Britain 's best known music of the 20th century was laid down . Rock stars Pink Floyd and Cliff Richard , composer Sir Edward Elgar , and the movie soundtracks for "  Star Wars " and the "  Harry Potter " films were recorded there . English Heritage , a cultural institution , is considering plans to list the studios as a site of national historic importance , Terra Firma said . That would give it protected status . "  EMI ... supports such a listing as an appropriate way of protecting our world famous music heritage site , " the company said Sunday . Terra Firma bought EMI in 2007 . Andrew Lloyd Webber , the composer of "  Phantom of the Opera " and "  Cats " and one of Britain 's richest men , is "  very interested " in buying the studios , a representative said Friday . "  He first recorded there in 1967 with Tim Rice . Andrew has since recorded most of his musicals there , " said the representative , Jenni Pain . "  He thinks it is vital that the studios are saved for the future of the music industry in the UK . Abbey Road has such great facilities , with three major recording studios , and Andrew has probably brought more musicians to record there than anyone else , because it has the capacity to record large orchestral productions . " CNN 's Per Nyberg and Morgan Neill contributed to this report .	EMI , the music label that owns studios , says it 's holding talks for revitalizing them Composer Andrew Lloyd Webber had expressed interest in buying studios Beatles made studios famous with album "  Abbey Road " Much of Britain 's best known music of 20 century has been recorded there
CNN  -- Pirates seized an Italian-flagged vessel off the Horn of Africa on Thursday morning , the European Union 's anti-piracy taskforce said . The ship was seized 350 nautical miles southeast of the Omani port city of Salalah , in the eastern part of the Gulf of Aden , said the European Union Naval Force Somalia . It had a crew of 22 on board : six Italians and 16 Filipino nationals , the naval force said . The force did not have information on the crew 's condition or the pirates ' demands . On March 28 , pirates firing small arms and rocket-propelled grenades seized an oil tanker in the same area . The UAE-flagged vessel was on its way to Singapore from Sudan when it was attacked . CNN 's Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	The ship is seized off the coast of Oman It has a crew of 22 on board Another ship was seized in the same area last month
CNN  -- A British supermarket chain has defended the sale of a wearable England flag that has been compared to a Ku Klux Klan uniform . The white and red flag of St. George in stock at ASDA outlets features a pointed hood which the store says will allow English fans to show support their national team during the World Cup while keeping dry during the notoriously unpredictable British summertime . But some fans have taken to social media sites to register their disapproval of the similarities between the Â # 3  $ 5  flags and the hooded outfits worn by the KKK . Twitter user @beyondlimits posted "  Dear ASDA , Your wearable klu klux klan style England flag is not acceptable . " Meanwhile , @iAmNaemaan said "  I do n't think ASDA thought the whole ` wearable flag ' thing through properly . " Pictures of the offending item have since been tweeted and retweeted hundreds of times on the micro-blogging site . A subsidiary of the American retail giant Walmart , ADSA issued a statement to CNN Friday addressing their surprise at the controversy and stressing that their hooded flag product is also available in other country 's national colors . "  We know there 's chatter on twitter about our wearable World Cup flags , but it 's simply a flag with a hood -- nothing more , nothing less , " the statement read . "  We opted for a hood on our wearable England and Brazilian flags as you never know what the British weather will bring . "  We want customers to get behind the team without getting wet . " The flag is just one of numerous World Cup themed items ASDA has been stocking in the run up to the tournament which kicks-off in Brazil on June 12 . Other British supermarkets such as Tesco and Sainsbury 's offer similar World Cup items which extend into products like beers , food , barbecues and televisions . Last year the British Retail Consortium estimated that the British economy could lose Â # 2 billion  $ 3.5 billion  if England failed to qualify for the World Cup . Businesses are hence keen to cash in on the event while it lasts . However , it was n't just Twitter users suggesting ASDA might have struck the wrong note with the wearable England flag . "  In theory it was a good idea because it 's England and it rains , " Simon Chadwick , professor of Sport Business Strategy and Marketing at Coventry University , told CNN . "  However , I think it does show a lack of good judgment and discretion on the part of people working for ASDA . " "  This is particularly the case in this country as there 's a debate right now about the St George 's Cross , about the flag , about immigration and the rise of UKIP , " referring to the success of the Euro-skeptic political party in recent local and European Union elections . "  I think this showed a lack of good judgment on the part of the management , " he said .	British supermarket ASDA unveils hooded flag for World Cup fans Critics claim the flag resembles Ku Klux Klan outfit ASDA defends the product and says it is nothing more than a flag
CNN  -- "  Any analyst at any time can target anyone . Any selector , anywhere ... I , sitting at my desk , certainly had the authorities to wiretap anyone , from you or your accountant , to a federal judge , to even the President . ... " Thus spoke -- this time not Zarathustra , the Persian prophet -- but former National Security Agency systems administrator Edward Snowden . To be sure , Snowden was reaching for dramatic effect , but if his words were true , he would have been violating not only the laws of the United States , he would also have been violating the laws of physics . He had neither the authority nor the ability to do what he has claimed he could do . To determine what we think of Snowden 's allegations about the NSA 's activities , we should have a clear idea of what the NSA is actually doing , not what Snowden implies or alleges or what some 24/7 networks allow their commentators to proclaim . The confusion is not entirely Snowden 's fault . The story has been so badly mangled by the media that one of The Washington Post 's "  exposes "  on the PRISM program  has been rewritten , without benefit of announcing corrections , on the newspaper 's website . So let us begin where Snowden did -- with the "  telephony metadata " or business records program . It is clear that the NSA has access to large numbers of calling events that Americans create : who called whom , when and for how long , but neither the location of the communicants nor certainly the contents of the call . Why in heaven 's name would they want this "  metadata " -- the term of art applied to the externals of a communication , somewhat like what is on an envelope as opposed to the content of a letter ? I 'll tell you why . Before the attacks of 9/11 , Nawaf al-Hazmi and Khalid al-Mihdhar  part of the al Qaeda "  muscle " on the plane that struck the Pentagon  were living in San Diego . From there on several occasions they called an al Qaeda safe house in the Middle East whose communications were targeted by American intelligence . The NSA intercepted a series of these calls and created intelligence reports on several of them . But nothing in the physics of these intercepts or in the contents of these calls  even looking at them in retrospect  told us that these two known terrorists were in the United States . After the 9/11 attacks , the intelligence committees of the U.S. Congress formed a joint inquiry commission to determine what had gone wrong . One of the commission 's findings was to criticize the "  NSA 's cautious approach to any collection of intelligence relating to activity in the United States . " Years later , in his 2008 book , "  The Shadow Factory , " James Bamford -- a chronicler and inveterate critic of NSA activities and , it should be added , a participant in a lawsuit against the agency for its post-9 / 11 activities -- wrote about al-Hazmi and al-Mihdhar that "  the Agency never alerted any  emphasis his  other Agency that the terrorists were in the United States and moving across the country toward Washington . " To be sure , the NSA never knew they were in the United States , but a career critic of alleged NSA privacy violations  Bamford  thought the agency did and should have known these two terrorists were in  that 's my emphasis  this country and the Congress of the United States believed the NSA too "  cautious " about intelligence in  my emphasis again  America . The metadata program was an attempt to deal with this challenge with the lightest possible impact on American privacy . After all , the Supreme Court had determined decades earlier  Smith v. Maryland , 1979  that metadata carried no expectations of privacy . Thus , it seemed the perfect approach . Properly used , metadata collection was not about targeting Americans . It was about determining who in America deserved  in all meanings of the word : legally , morally , operationally  to be targeted . And , as Steve Bradbury , the acting head of the Office of Legal Counsel at the Justice Department during this period , has pointed out , "  At least 14 federal judges have approved the NSA 's acquisition of this data every 90 days since 2006 under the business records provision of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  FISA  . " Billions of records are retained by the NSA under this program , but these records are accessed only under strict controls . No data mining engines or complex logarithmic tools are launched to scour the data for abstract patterns . Instead , the data lies fallow until the NSA can put a question to it based on a predicate related to terrorism and only terrorism . A little more than 20 people at the NSA get to do this , under close supervision , and the agency reports that this happens about 300 times a year . Let me describe a possible example of a "  terrorist predicate . " Let 's say that somewhere in the world American intelligence comes across an individual it has good reason to believe is an al Qaeda operative , and he has a cell phone in his possession . Under this authority , the NSA could take the cell phone number and use a computer simply to ask that ocean of metadata , "  Is there any activity in here related to what we now believe to be a terrorist telephone ? " And if a number in the Bronx timidly raises its hand  so to speak  and answers , "  Why , yes , I routinely communicate with it , " the agency gets to ask , "  And who do you and your friends talk to ? " That 's it ! If there is anything more to be done , the agency  actually , far more likely , the FBI  has to go back to court to dig any deeper into American information . This is hardly the East German Stasi , but there may be some in America who are still discomfited by it . Fair enough . But folks should object based on facts rather than on the oft heard and amazingly misinformed commentary in some of the media that claims the NSA can then go back and listen to these calls in its database -- listen to calls that have never been recorded and which , incidentally , are protected by the U.S. Constitution . And for those who still object , please keep in mind that , if the metadata program had been in effect in the summer of 2001 , al-Hazmi and al-Mihdhar would likely have been rolled up , the plane that hit the Pentagon would not have had these jihadists available for the hijacking and the entire 9/11 enterprise might have been scrapped by al Qaeda . In my next column , I 'll tackle : What of the PRISM program , the collection of Internet content with the compelled cooperation of American firms ? And how is that enterprise viewed here and abroad ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Hayden .	Michael Hayden : Many have misconstrued NSA access to phone calls He says agency has information on calls but not content of the calls Hayden says agency needs metadata on calls to track terrorists He says NSA was criticized in wake of 9/11 for not detecting the plot
West Milford , New Jersey  CNN  -- For Gary Oppenheimer , 2007 was a year of plenty . His backyard garden produced a bountiful harvest with a surplus of spaghetti squash , melons , pumpkins , tomatoes , peppers and cucumbers for his family . At the end of the season , Oppenheimer had 40 pounds of excess fresh produce -- and nowhere to take it . "  Nobody wanted more , " he said . "  My wife would n't let me bring any more in the house , and I did n't want it wasted . " So Oppenheimer took the produce to a local food pantry at a battered-women 's shelter . When he dropped off the food , he was struck by the response he got from the shelter worker . " -LSB- She -RSB- thanked me profusely , and as I left she said , ` Now we can have something fresh to eat , ' " Oppenheimer recalled . "  That stuck with me because I remember walking away thinking , ` What ? They have canned stuff only all the time ? ' " The experience ultimately led Oppenheimer , 57 , to create a way for gardeners across the country to easily share their excess produce with hungry families in their communities . In 2008 , Oppenheimer became the director of the West Milford Community Garden in West Milford , New Jersey . He learned that toward the end of the summer , plots were often abandoned and good food was sometimes left to rot . He tried to find a list of his town 's local food pantries online where the extra produce could be donated . A Google search showed the nearest food pantry was in another town , 25 miles away -- when in fact there were six food pantries in Oppenheimer 's town of West Milford . Oppenheimer knew he had stumbled upon a gap in information that could rescue fresh produce from a wasteful end and potentially save lives . "  I realized that if I 'm having this problem as a gardener , then other people across the country must be having the exact same problem , " he said . "  I got up the next morning , and I went on the internet , and I grabbed the domain of AmpleHarvest.org . " He reached out to food pantries across the country through social networking , food banks , master gardeners , faith organizations and other groups to encourage them to sign up for inclusion in his database of food pantries . Oppenheimer enlisted the help of Web designers and in May 2009 , AmpleHarvest.org was rolled out nationally . The free online resource enables food pantries to register and be listed in a central nationwide directory , and makes it possible for American gardeners to easily find the local pantries where they can donate extra produce . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes "  The country is loaded with gardeners who have more food than they can possibly themselves use , " Oppenheimer said . "  AmpleHarvest.org gives them the ability to easily , quickly get that food to somebody who genuinely , really needs it . " According to the Department of Agriculture , nearly 15 percent of American households have difficulty meeting their food needs . Those who rely on food pantries are often surviving on canned and processed foods . But with 41 million U.S. households growing fruits and vegetables , according to the National Gardening Association , Oppenheimer is helping green-thumbed Americans share healthier options with their neighbors in need . "  Whether it 's a hanging tomato plant off your apartment terrace , or a garden ... or whether you run a farm , we all have food that 's left behind , " Oppenheimer said . "  That 's the food that ... we can get into the system to help diminish hunger in the country . " Nearly 2,000 food pantries across the United States are now registered on the site . Timothy Lesko recently received fresh produce from a food pantry that had items from AmpleHarvest.org donations . Lesko said the fresh vegetables will help his family eat more healthfully . "  Me and my wife are trying to have my son be as healthy as possible . -LSB- At -RSB- the grocery store , the food 's expensive , and it 's hard to buy the healthier foods because we do n't always have the money , " Lesko said . "  It would be nice to see if more people could farm at home and bring whatever extra they have for the pantry . " Although Oppenheimer can not track the amount of produce that has been donated to food pantries , he said he 's received messages from numerous pantries and clients across the country who 've been given food as a result of AmpleHarvest.org . He also has heard from growers who continue to donate because the website led them to local pantries . And as the food pantries continue to see results , Oppenheimer hopes his efforts will turn into a lifelong commitment for the gardeners . "  The point is to get it so that people will find it 's easy and convenient to get in the car and to drop off that bag of tomatoes or carrots or apples , and then to make it a part of their regular routine , hopefully for the rest of their gardening lives . " Want to get involved ? Check out the AmpleHarvest.org website and see how to help .	New Jersey man created way for gardeners to share extra produce with the hungry Website AmpleHarvest.org connects gardeners nationwide with food pantries Nearly 2,000 food pantries across the U.S. are now registered on the site Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- It 's an "  epic " first , ushering in "  one of the most incredible sports stories " of our time . The result of a storied brotherly rivalry . Leading up to Super Bowl Sunday , some sports columnists and football aficionados are having a field day with the "  Harbowl . " John Harbaugh , coach of the Baltimore Ravens , will face off against his 15-months-younger brother Jim , head coach of the San Francisco 49ers . Top 20 sibling rivalries in sports Some football fans are complaining that the storyline is overhyped . And the brothers themselves reject it , emphasizing their bond . Still , the super siblings will make history when their teams duke it out this weekend at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans . People all over the world love a good story of a brotherly feud , whether fictional or real . We decided to take a look at some of the biggest ones . The Bible Cain and Abel . Jacob and Esau . Joseph and his brothers . Moses and Pharoah  they grew up together  . Not to mention Isaac and Ishmael . If you 're looking for brother vs. brother rivalry , no better jumping off point than the Old Testament . Thor vs. Loki Comics and cartoons are home to numerous good vs. evil battles represented by two archetypal brothers . See the Lion King 's Mufasa vs. Scar . Or the story at the core of last year 's record-breaking blockbuster "  The Avengers , " based on Marvel comics . Loki , Thor 's evil adopted brother , tries to terrorize all of humanity . J.R. vs. Bobby Sometimes you just loving watching the bad guy . On "  Dallas , " conniving J.R. Ewing was forever squaring off against his good-guy brother Bobby . The show 's been resurrected with that battle at the center . But with Larry Hagman 's death , J.R. vs. Bobby -- probably the biggest brother vs. brother rivalry in TV history -- will likely end as well , after the episodes Hagman already shot for the new season that began this week . Coincidental corporate synergy alert : The new "  Dallas " is airing on TNT , which , like CNN , is a part of Time Warner . When brothers disband Brotherly feuds have poisoned the waters for successful musical acts , including the Everly Brothers , which Rolling Stone calls "  Rock 's First Sibling Rivalry . " And more recently , similar bitterness helped bust the popular band Oasis . Liam and Noel Gallagher 's feud included public spats and legal action .  See also The Kinks , the Isley Brothers and more in this spread from zencollegelife.com . Battle of the billionaires Who does n't hate feuding with their billionaire sibling over the future of a massive empire ? So we can all commiserate with Mukesh and Anil Ambani , who split up their father 's Reliance Group and have fought to see whose vision for the future of Indian business will prevail . Brotherly love trumps competition I 'll never forget watching the 1984 Olympics as a kid . Twin brothers Phil and Steve Mahre won gold and silver in the slalom at Sarjevo . After Phil finished his race , he used a walkie-talkie to give hints to his brother . I remember thinking , he wants his brother to do well more than he wants to be able to say he beat him . So , while rivalries abound , brotherly love can win out . Sisterly feuds just as strong We could of course double this list by looking at rivalries between sisters as well . A big one that 's been in the news lately : Pauline Phillips , advice columnist behind "  Dear Abby , " passed away last month . Her twin sister was the equally famous advice columnist Esther "  Eppie " Pauline Friedman Lederer known as "  Ann Landers . " They were locked in a feud for years . Biggest sibling rivalries - join the discussion on Facebook What other sibling rivalries stick out in your mind ? Let us know in the comments below .	For the first time , two sibling coaches will face-off in a major sports matchup this Sunday Jim and John Harbaugh have played down the notion of any rivalry Brother-versus-brother is a common theme from the Bible to network TV
CNN  -- Barely two days ago , their paths crossed in the worst possible circumstances -- a man armed with an assault rifle had entered Antoinette Tuff 's school , and she called police . On Thursday , Tuff and Kendra McCray , the 911 dispatcher on the other end of that line , were together again , sharing an emotional hug and tears before sitting down to recount the episode with CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  We made it ! " Tuff joyfully declared , with McCray responding , "  We did . " The atmosphere for the reunion was starkly different than their original encounter as voices on opposite ends of a telephone line . That happened at 12:51 p.m. Tuesday when , according to DeKalb County , Georgia , Police Department spokeswoman Mekka Parrish , authorities got their first call about a shooting at the Ronald E. McNair Discovery Learning Academy in Decatur , just outside Atlanta . Shortly before that , the gunman had slipped into the school and gone into its main office , where he shot one round into the ground . "  I knew then that it was for real , " recalled Tuff , who was in there with him . "  And that I could lose my life . " It was then that Tuff , bookkeeper in that school 's front office , dialed 911 . But she was n't the only person that could be heard a few miles away at police dispatch -- at times , there was the voice of the suspect , later identified as Michael Brandon Hill , in the background . The gunman used Tuff as a conduit to relay information to police , which in this case meant McCray , who took Tuff 's call at the dispatch center . In their voices , both women sounded calm throughout the call -- even as gunshots were ringing out around Tuff , and later when the suspect reached into a bag to reload his AK-47-type assault rifle . But inside , they now admit , they were terrified . McCray recalled Thursday how her hands were shaking , though she knew that she could n't reveal her fears in her voice . And Tuff said she was trying to incorporate the lessons she 'd learned in church to stay strong for herself , the 800-plus elementary school students in the classrooms behind her -- and for the gunman whom she came to feel for . "  I was actually praying on the inside , " she recalled . "  I was terrified , but I just started praying . " Antoinette Tuff hailed a hero Early in the call , Tuff was blunt in what amounted to a vital assessment of the situation : "  He does n't want the kids . He wants the police . So back off , " she told McCray . In the next breath , Tuff asked him , "  And what else sir ? " The suspect darted from the office to outside a few times , becoming particularly "  agitated " in Tuff 's words when police fired back with bullets "  coming from everywhere . " "  And I said to him , come back in here right now , " said the school bookkeeper , who admitted she had to go "  to the bathroom so bad " the entire ordeal . " ... Do n't worry about it , stay with me , we 're both going to be safe , " she told the man . The scariest moment , Tuff said , came when -- after having fired shots , several times , at police positioned outside -- the suspect went into his bag , reloaded his gun and packed his pants and jacket pockets with yet more bullets . "  I knew when he made the last call that he was going to go , " she recalled on CNN . "  Because he had loaded up to go . " But the tone changed over the next few frenetic minutes , much like what was happening at the school . In the beginning , the gunman appeared "  like he did n't care , " giving the impression that he 'd come "  in purposely knowing that he was going to die and take lives with him , " said Tuff . But his language , and actions , softened -- and so did Tuff 's feelings for him . "  I really began to feel sorry for him , " she told Cooper , adding that the suspect told her he was off his medication and considering suicide . "  I knew that where he was at mentally was not a good place . But I knew that he was there , for whatever particular reason , in life . " The man with the rifle eventually let it be known , via Tuff , that he was no longer threatening to shoot any police officers who approached ; by then , he was communicating with them about where he should put his gun , where he should get down on the ground in surrender , and how police would come and get him . As all of this unfolded , the dispatcher talking to Tuff largely remained silent -- except a few brief acknowledgments about what she 'd heard and the constant clatter of her keyboard . In her heart and behind the scenes , though , McCray was sweating it out . Thankfully , she had a "  true hero " partner in Tuff who , with her clear descriptions and calm demeanor , made it so the call-taker and thus police could very easily "  visualize what she was seeing and what she was going through . " Even to the end , emotions ran high . The suspect started getting "  agitated " after he 'd decided to surrender , standing back up and taking a drink of water because police had yet to come and get him . Recognizing what was happening , McCray said she put her phone on mute . "  I 'm hollering across the  dispatch  room : ` Hey , he 's getting agitated , we need to move . ' " They did get inside the Decatur school in a flurry soon thereafter , surrounding and detaining Hill . That was then , finally , both Tuff and McCray could breathe a sigh of relief . "  You did great , " McCray said to Tuff 31 long minutes after that first call came in . "  You did great . " Hill , meanwhile , was swiftly taken away by law enforcement officers and now sits in a Georgia jail awaiting charges that likely will include aggravated assault on a police officer , making terroristic threats and false imprisonment , according to authorities . Tuff would like to visit him , calling him a "  hurting soul " who she 'd like to help . "  We all go through something , " she said , with her 911 call reflecting on her challenges raising a disabled child and suicidal thoughts after the end of her marriage after more than two decades . "  And I believe that God gives us a purpose in life . " And Tuff believes she was meant to be at McNair on Tuesday , even though she 'd originally been scheduled to be off . She thinks she was meant to be up front to first encounter the gunman -- in that location at that time because she 'd been delayed from going back to her desk . She said it was all part of God 's plan -- for her , for the suspect and for McNair 's students . But that does n't mean Tuff knew she had it in her , to face down a gunman and potential death so calmly , and to live to tell about it . "  No , no . If somebody would have told me that I was going to be doing that that day , I would n't have believed it , " she told CNN . "  God has a way of showing you what 's really in you . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	NEW : Tuff says she 'd like to visit the gunman , who she calls a "  hurting soul " NEW : He first acted "  like he did n't care , " but Tuff says she later felt sorry for him Tuff , dispatcher Kendra McCray hug , shed tears as they reunite in a CNN exclusive interview The shooting at a Georgia school ended with the suspect arrested , no one hurt
Los Angeles  CNN  -- George Clooney told Esquire in September he had no "  aspirations " to be married with children . That was a month before he was seen with Amal Alamuddin in October . Could Clooney finally have met his match in Alamuddin , a 36-year-old Oxford-educated British lawyer who reportedly shares the actor 's passion for crusading for international human rights ? There is plenty of speculation that Alamuddin may be the woman who converts Clooney -- with two Oscars and a firm hold near the top of Hollywood 's A-list -- from confirmed bachelor to family man . The latest gossip started Saturday with reports from People magazine and the New York Post 's "  Page Six " column quoting unnamed sources saying the couple are engaged to be married . People source : ` This is real ' The Post headline read : "  George Clooney , eternal bachelor , is engaged . " Its source said the couple had "  hoped keep the engagement quiet , but they ca n't hide the fact that they are very happy . " People quotes a "  source with knowledge of the situation " saying "  George and Amal are trying to keep things very low-key but they also are n't really trying to hide this , it does n't seem . I think it 's like they want the people they love to know that this is real , that they plan on being together forever . " Alamuddin appeared to be "  showing off " an engagement ring while dining with Clooney at a Malibu , California , restaurant Thursday night , the Post report said . People reported that Alamuddin "  had a conspicuous ring on her left ring finger . " Clooney 's representative Stan Rosenfield responded to CNN 's request for confirmation with a very short nondenial Saturday : "  I do not comment on his personal life . " Clooney watchers may be surprised by an engagement , but the clues were out there . Esquire 's Alex Bilmes interviewed Clooney sometime in late September , just before "  Gravity " was released in theaters . The article appeared in the magazine 's December issue , which hit newsstands in November . Why is n't he married with kids , Bilmes asked . "  I have n't had aspirations in that way , ever , " Clooney answered . He was married from 1989 until 1993 to "  No Strings Attached " actress Talia Balsam . Clooney points to that brief period of matrimony as evidence he "  was n't very good at it . " "  I was quoted as saying I 'll never get married again pretty much right after IÂ got divorced and then I 've never talked about it since , " he told Esquire . He said in September that he realized being 52 , unmarried and childless might not look good to the public , but that he should n't "  rush out and impregnate someone . " But Clooney said he has no "  dislike or distrust " of being married with children . Alamuddin enters Clooney 's life While it 's not confirmed when George met Amal , the two were photographed together in London in October . Clooney made an unusual public denial that he was dating Alamuddin , telling People in late October that the girlfriend reports were "  all made up . " There 's good reason to believe the relationship did not start earlier , since Clooney had just split with Stacy Keibler in July . Although Keibler denied it was because she saw no hopes of a marriage to Clooney after two years , the TV host wasted no time finding a husband . She married entrepreneur Jared Pobre in March . If Clooney 's relationship with Alamuddin did begin in October , it quickly accelerated . She was his date for a White House screening of his film "  The Monuments Men " in February . "  They were holding hands , " according to one of the World War II vets who attended the screening . Harry Ettlinger , 88 , called her "  a beautiful lady . " People quoted another unnamed "  observer " who said the two were "  stuck like glue . " People source : ` She 's on his level ' There was no doubt remaining about their closeness in March when Clooney took Alamuddin on an African safari . Photographers caught the cuddling couple watching the wildlife in Tanzania and later vacationing in the Seychelles . If Clooney 's match is to be a lawyer , he 's apparently picked an A-list attorney . A British website ranked "  The 21 Hottest Barristers in London " last July . Alamuddin was at the top . She "  achieves the seemingly unattainable ideal of contemporary femininity : she is both breathtakingly beautiful and formidably successful , " the rankers said . A "  source who has worked with Clooney " was quoted by People earlier this year suggesting why Alamuddin might be different from the long list of Clooney 's ex-girlfriends who 've lasted for a few months or a year or two since his divorce in 1993 . "  She is n't someone who is pursuing a career in acting or entertainment , " the source said . "  She 's on his level . " CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Amal Alamuddin , 36 , first appeared in Clooney 's public life in October The British lawyer was Clooney 's date at the White House in February Alamuddin 's wearing "  a conspicuous ring on her left ring finger , " People reports She 's "  on his level , " a source close to Clooney says
CNN  -- An environmentally-friendly surfboard has taken to the waves after five years in development . Surf 's up : Mark Harris tries out the Eden eco-surfboard . British profession surfer Mark "  Egor " Harris was one of the first to try the British-made board at Fistral beach in Cornwall , England , giving its performance and eco-credentials the thumbs up . "  It felt good and I can see these boards being popular with surfers . We spend a lot of time on the beach and in the sea and surfers have been campaigning to clean up the oceans for years . This board goes hand-in-hand with that philosophy , " said Harris . The surfboard has been in development in the south west of England for five years and is the culmination of a collaboration between the Eden Project gardens and biosphere and three local companies . Chris Hines , former sustainability director of the Eden Project and a lifelong surfer and committed environmentalist came up with the idea for the board when a balsa tree had to be taken down in the rainforest biome . "  I said , well , let 's make a completely sustainable surfboard , because I knew people who could laminate in hemp cloth and plant-based resin , so we went for it . It was a eureka moment : we thought , let 's really have a go , let 's really see what we can do , " he told CNN . Hines and the Eden Project team soon realized that balsa and hemp cloth were too heavy for commercially viable surfboards , but desire remained to produce a surfboard that reduces the reliance on petroleum chemicals and uses more sustainable materials . The Eden team worked with local company Homeblown to create a new type of foam core for the eco-board , 15 to 20 percent of which is made from plant derived material . Another local Cornish company , Sustainable Composites , developed a resin made almost entirely from linseed oil instead of oil-derived coatings , meaning over 50 percent of the final finished surfboards are made from renewable materials . Completing the use of local companies , the boards are being manufactured by surfboard shapers , Laminations . Junior British surfing champion Tassy Swallow is set to compete at the International Surfing Association World Junior Championships in Ecuador on a new Eden surfboard . "  It 's a really good board , it worked really well , " said Swallow after her first outing on the board . "  It feels a lot more buoyant in the nose which makes it easier to catch waves . It will really catch on when people realize that it 's as good as a regular board . "	New eco-surfboard made with over 50 percent renewable materials Developed by Eden Project in England in tandem with local companies Manufacturers hope it will appeal to surfers who are traditionally eco-conscious
CNN  -- A pregnant British woman jailed in Laos was denied access to a British lawyer who flew out to meet her , a human rights group said Tuesday . Samantha Orobator became pregnant in prison , according to a spokeswoman for rights group Reprieve . Samantha Orobator , 20 , had been facing possible execution by firing squad after she was arrested in August for allegedly carrying about half a kilogram of heroin . Those found guilty of carrying that amount normally face the death penalty , said the lawyer , Anna Morris of Reprieve , a London-based human rights group . But Orobator will escape the death sentence because she is pregnant , a spokesman for the Laotian Foreign Ministry said Tuesday . The country 's criminal law prohibits courts from sentencing pregnant women to death , spokesman Khenthong Nuanthasing told CNN . The woman 's trial has n't been scheduled yet , he said , but is likely to happen next week . Morris went to Laos on Sunday , having been assured she would be able to meet Orobator , Reprieve said . But so far , she has been refused permission , the group said . Watch a report on the case " "  Ms. Morris was refused her first visit yesterday , and I am led to understand that the Laotians are now saying that she will not be permitted to visit . This is totally unacceptable , " Reprieve director Clive Stafford Smith said in an open letter to British Foreign Secretary David Miliband . Orobator has not seen a lawyer since she was arrested August 5 , allegedly with just over half a kilogram  about a pound  of heroin , according to Reprieve . That amount of heroin would sell for $ 80,000 to $ 150,000 on the streets of New York , the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said . London 's Metropolitan Police declined to estimate a street value . Watch a former Laos prison inmate recount jail conditions " Reprieve has said that Orobator became pregnant in prison , possibly as a result of rape , and that she is due to give birth in September . That would mean Orobator became pregnant in January . Khenthong agreed that Orobator is five months pregnant . But he indicated that Orobator might have already been pregnant when she was arrested , and that she lost the first baby while in prison . He said Orobator declared on the day of her arrest in August that she was two months pregnant by her boyfriend . After she had already been in jail for some time , he said , Orobator asked for medication to cure a vaginal infection , and he believes it caused her to lose the child . Khenthong said officials are investigating Orobator 's pregnancy . Orobator 's mother said she found out about her daughter 's pregnancy in January . Jane Orobator told CNN she heard the news from the British Foreign Office , which has been monitoring the case . There is no British Embassy in Laos ; a British vice consul arrived in the country over the weekend , the British Foreign Office said . Jane Orobator said she can not believe her daughter was involved in drug trafficking , and she was surprised to learn she was in Laos . "  I do n't know " what she was doing there , she said from her home in Dublin , Ireland . "  The last time she spoke with me , she said she was on holiday in London and she would come to see us in Dublin before returning to the UK in July . "  She is not the type of person who would be involved in drugs , " she added . Reprieve is worried about her health , especially given her pregnancy , Morris said . "  She became pregnant in prison . We are concerned that it may not have been consensual , and we are concerned that someone who finds herself in prison at 20 is subject to exploitation , " she said . "  I am the first British lawyer who has asked for access to her , " Morris said . "  She needs to have a local lawyer appointed to her . We are pressing very hard for the local authorities to appoint one . " She said it was normal in the Laotian justice system for a defendant to get a lawyer only days before a trial . The last execution in Laos was in 1990 , the foreign affairs spokesman said . Samantha Orobator was born in Nigeria and moved to London with her family when she was 8 , her mother said . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Samantha Orobator was facing death by firing squad for alleged drug trafficking Country 's laws prohibit courts from sentencing pregnant women to death Official : Orobator was arrested on August 5 She became pregnant while in prison , rights group spokeswoman says
President Barack Obama responded to outrage by European leaders over revelations of alleged U.S. spying on them by saying Monday that all nations , including those expressing the strongest protests , collect intelligence on each other . The German news magazine Der Spiegel reported Sunday that classified leaks by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden detailed NSA bugging of European Union offices in Washington and New York , as well as an "  electronic eavesdropping operation " that tapped into an EU building in Brussels . Mounting anger throughout Europe on Monday included a threat by French President Francois Hollande to halt talks with the United States on trade and other issues unless the bugging stopped . U.S. and EU officials are scheduled to begin talks on a proposed trans-Atlantic free trade agreement next week . The European Commission will sweep its offices for electronic listening devices and other security breaches , a spokeswoman said Monday . Asked at a news conference in Tanzania about the latest leaks involving Snowden , Obama said he needed more information on the specific programs cited in the Der Spiegel report , but made clear such spying was commonplace . "  I guarantee you that in European capitals , there are people who are interested in , if not what I had for breakfast , at least what my talking points might be should I end up meeting with their leaders , " Obama said . "  That is how intelligence services operate . " Opinion : U.S. intelligence community is out of control Meanwhile , Russian President Vladimir Putin opened the door on Monday to Snowden possibly staying in Russia . The admitted NSA leaker has been in the international transit lounge of the Moscow airport seeking asylum in Ecuador . Snowden "  must stop his work aimed at harming our American partners " if he wants to stay in Russia , Putin said . Previously , Putin had said Snowden should depart the airport for his final destination , wherever it might be . Conflicting reports emerged Monday that Snowden was seeking asylum in Russia . State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell was unable to provide clarity to reporters . "  We do n't have information one way or another " about an asylum request for Russia , Ventrell said , later adding that Snowden "  appears to still be in Russia and our position is the same that he should be expelled and returned home here to the U.S. " Obama said Monday that Snowden had traveled to Russia without a valid passport or legal papers , and he hoped that Moscow would handle the case as it would any other travel-related matter . The president confirmed that the United States and Russia have had "  high-level " discussions about Snowden , after an earlier report from Russia that the two nations ' top law enforcement officials were working together to resolve the situation . The new bugging controversy follows earlier European discontent over revelations of U.S. surveillance of overseas e-mails related to terrorism , as well as the collection of phone records as a database for further court-approved investigation . Obama sought to distinguish between what he portrayed as normal intelligence-gathering and the specific anti-terrorism programs disclosed by Snowden 's earlier leaks to The Guardian newspaper in London and the Washington Post . In the end , he said , U.S. and European allies "  work so closely together that there is almost no information that is not shared between our various countries . " Hollande , however , said bugging of EU offices went beyond the anti-terrorism programs previously revealed and must stop immediately before negotiations can go forward . "  We know that there are systems which have to control notably for the threat against terrorism , but I do not think that this is in our embassies or in the EU that this risks exist , " he said . Der Spiegel reported the allegations Sunday , citing information from secret documents obtained by Snowden and "  in part seen " by the news magazine . In Brussels , Der Spiegel says , the agency targeted the Justus Lipsius Building , which houses the European Council and the EU Council of Ministers , the union 's main decision-making and legislative body . And in Washington , the magazine report claims , the NSA installed bugs in the European Union 's building and infiltrated its computer network . To Michael Hayden , a former director of the NSA and CIA , the report reflected the reality of international spying . "  Any European who wants to go out and rend their garments with regard to international espionage should look first and find out what their governments are doing , " he told CBS on Sunday . Obama declined to comment in-depth on the Der Spiegel article , saying his staff needs to analyze the report to figure out which , if any , U.S. surveillance programs it involved . "  When we have an answer we will make sure to provide all the information that our allies want in what exactly the allegations have been , " he said . Describing himself as "  the end user of this kind of intelligence , " Obama said he telephones Hollande or German Chancellor Angela Merkel or British Prime Minister David Cameron if he wants to know what they 're thinking . "  Ultimately , you know , we work so closely together that there is almost no information that is not shared between our various countries , " Obama said . ` Unbowed ' Snowden seeks new havens Reactions abroad The reports elicited particular outrage in Germany , where Der Spiegel reported that NSA spying had targeted telephone and Internet connection data in Germany more than any other European nation . Citing the Snowden documents , the news magazine reported that an average of up to 20 million phone connections and 10 million Internet data connections are surveyed daily . Der Spiegel noted that the intensity of surveillance puts the U.S. ally on par with China , Iraq and Saudi Arabia . Merkel 's spokesman , Steffan Seibert , cautioned Monday against taking the report as fact without further confirmation . "  If it is , though , confirmed that diplomatic representations of the EU and some European countries were spied upon , we have to say clearly : The bugging of friends is unacceptable , " Seibert said . "  That can not happen at all . We are no longer in the Cold War . " The German and French foreign ministries planned to meet with the U.S. ambassadors to those countries to talk about the allegations . The Italian Foreign Ministry called the reports "  a very thorny affair , " while European Parliament President Martin Schulz said Sunday he was "  deeply worried and shocked " by the claims . "  If the allegations prove to be true , it would be an extremely serious matter which will have a severe impact on EU-U.S. relations , " he said . Another report Sunday claimed that surveillance extended beyond European offices . The Guardian newspaper reported that one NSA document leaked by Snowden describes 38 embassies and missions as "  targets " and details surveillance methods that include planting bugs in communications equipment and collecting transmissions with specialized antennae . Targets included France , Italy , Greece , Japan , Mexico , South Korea , India and Turkey , according to The Guardian . CNN has not independently confirmed the allegations in the reports from Der Spiegel and The Guardian . What the U.S. has to say The U.S. Director of National Intelligence 's office declined to comment Sunday on specific allegations published in Der Spiegel . Obama : Pay no attention to that man we ca n't capture "  The United States government will respond appropriately to the European Union through our diplomatic channels , and through the EU/U . S. experts ' dialogue on intelligence that the U.S. proposed several weeks ago , " the DNI office said in a statement . "  We will also discuss these issues bilaterally with EU member states . While we are not going to comment publicly on specific alleged intelligence activities , as a matter of policy , we have made clear that the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations . " Ventrell referred to the DNI statement Monday , repeatedly telling reporters that the United States would deal directly with European allies on the matter instead of making public statements . U.S. asks Ecuador to reject any asylum request from Snowden Snowden has revealed himself as the source of documents outlining a massive effort by the NSA to track cell phone calls and monitor the e-mail and Internet traffic of virtually all Americans . Now Snowden faces espionage charges in the United States and was seeking asylum from Ecuador . Vice President Joe Biden asked Ecuador "  to please reject " the request for asylum , according to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa . Father proposes deal for Snowden 's voluntary return Snowden and his asylum bid On Saturday night , Correa said the ball was in Russia 's court . "  In order to process this request , he needs to be in Ecuadorian territory , " Correa said in an interview with Ecuador 's Oromar TV on Saturday night . "  At this point , the solution for Snowden 's final destination is in the hands of the Russian authorities . " Why we 're all stuck in the digital transit zone with Snowden	The U.S. State Department says any talks with Europe on spying will be private President Obama says all nations , including European allies , spy on each other EU to sweep for bugs after news outlets report on alleged U.S. surveillance Der Spiegel reports that the U.S. bugged EU offices and infiltrated a computer network
CNN  -- The death of a passenger last week aboard an American Airlines flight underscores the importance of taking precautions before flying , a travel health industry representative said Monday . An American Airlines passenger complaining that she was having trouble breathing died on a flight last week . Jill Drake , a marketing representative for MedAire , Inc. , said its physicians last year advised 74 airlines on how to handle more than 17,000 in-flight medical events . Flight attendants with sick passengers call Good Samaritan Hospital in Phoenix , Arizona , a level-one trauma center where emergency room physicians and a service able to translate 140 languages are on call to answer questions from any of 2 million airline passengers flying at any given time , she said . "  Very rarely " does the call result in a diversion , a decision made not by the doctor but by the pilot who must consider a number of variables beyond the passenger 's health , she said . The pilot must weigh weather conditions , remaining fuel and proximity to an airport . As of 1 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  Monday , MedAire had fielded 110 calls , "  which is a very busy day for us , " she said . On average , the company gets about 50 in-flight calls from commercial airliners for an entire day , and an additional 25 or 30 calls related to events that occur at airport gates or aboard yachts and commercial ships , she said . Airlines contracting with MedAire include Continental , Southwest and British Airways . American has its own in-house medical team . Drake said MedAire 's doctors documented 97 onboard deaths in 2007 , down from 110 in 2006 . The top categories of in-flight illness are fainting , gastrointestinal problems , respiratory issues such as shortness of breath , heart problems ranging from arrhythmias to arrest and orthopedic problems , such as broken bones , Drake said . By law , U.S.-based commercial airlines must carry automatic external defibrillators , oxygen and medical kits . Some airlines choose to carry extra , non-mandated medications . If a passenger already has breathing problems , airplane travel will only worsen the condition because cabins are typically pressurized at 8,000 feet , said Drake . Her advice to anyone not feeling 100 percent : "  Do not travel . " And anyone with a medical condition who travels should pack any critical medications in a carry-on bag , she said . Though flight attendants are trained to handle on-board emergencies , "  they are not medically trained , " she said . "  To think that they are going to be able to assist your every need , that 's quite a high expectation . " Hydration and moderation are key , and passengers should carry water and a snack , she said . Vacationers often return home from tropical locales sunburned and , in some cases , drunk . "  Altitude amplifies the buzz , " Drake said . "  You have a couple of cocktails in Denver , you feel it a little bit more than in Omaha . " Denver 's altitude is 5,280 feet ; Omaha 's is 1,040 feet . Flying in a fresh cast can also prove dangerous . "  Your arm could expand and it could cut off your circulation , " she said , noting that the risk is reduced with older casts , which have typically already expanded to accommodate any swelling . Though the FAA began demanding that airlines carry certain medications more than 30 years ago , the list was tiny . During the 1990s , overseas airlines began carrying more sophisticated equipment , and pressure increased for U.S.-based airlines to follow , said Dr. Russell Rayman , executive director of the Aerospace Medical Association , which has roughly 3,000 members including physicians , research scientists and flight nurses . Congress held hearings and then required airlines carry more robust kits and defibrillators by 2004 . American Airlines was among the first to do so , said Dr. David McKenas , who served for 10 years as the airline 's corporate medical director until 2002 . He lauded the defibrillator as "  so good it 's like 100 cardiologists in a box . " The machine will only work if the patient 's heart is fibrillating , a condition where the contractions become so irregular it loses its ability to pump blood efficiently . American Airlines buys its kits from Banyan International Corp. , which describes itself as "  the nation 's leading provider of emergency medical kits . " Each of the nine-pound , $ 250 kits includes aspirin , alcohol swabs , nitroglycerine tablets , antihistamines , IV tubing , a stethoscope , a blood-pressure gauge , a bronchodilator , syringes , gloves , saline solution , epinephrine , dextrose , a manual resuscitation bag , alcohol pads and shears . Oxygen comes in several forms aboard planes . The oxygen that flows into masks stored above individual seats is not medical oxygen and would not suffice for a passenger in an in-flight medical emergency , said Rayman . Flight attendants have portable bottles of oxygen that they are to use for themselves in the event of a cabin decompression . "  It could be used if there is a medical emergency on board , but that 's not its purpose , " he said . More oxygen is stored in the cockpit for the pilots . Though MedAire keeps track of its clients ' medical air incidents , Rayman criticized the FAA 's failure to do so . "  There is no central repository where these things can be archived and then retrieved , " he said . "  They do n't want to report it because it just does n't look good . It 's not good P.R. , you could say . " He said even an anonymous registry would serve a useful purpose . "  We 're concerned for safety on the flight , " FAA spokeswoman Alison Duquette said . "  Once someone leaves the aviation system , there is no way for us to track the outcome . " E-mail to a friend	Flight attendants call hospital with 24/7 staff , multi-lingual staff who give advice Pilots , not doctors , decide whether to divert a flight due to passenger illness U.S.-based commercial airlines carry defibrillators , oxygen and medical kits A passenger died last week aboard an American Airlines flight
CNN  -- The Connecticut State Police on Friday will release its report on the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings , according to a state police spokesman . The report , several thousand pages long , contains text , photos and 911 calls from the day of the shootings , said the spokesman , Lt. J. Paul Vance . The report "  has been redacted according to law . " Earlier this month , authorities released audio recordings of 911 calls from the day of the second-deadliest shooting in U.S. history . The recordings offered a glimpse into the horror at Sandy Hook Elementary School . Last month , prosecutors issued a summary of the investigation that described gunman Adam Lanza as obsessed with mass murders , but concluded that Lanza 's motives for the massacre might never be known . Lanza , 20 , killed 20 first-graders and six school staff members with a semi-automatic rifle at the elementary school on December 14 , 2012 . Earlier , he killed his mother inside their home . Lanza -- who had "  significant mental health issues , according to the report -- committed suicide with a handgun as police arrived . The report will be made available at : www.ct.gov/StatePoliceNewtownReport .	Connecticut State Police is to issue the report on Friday Report will contain text , photos and 911 calls from the day of the shootings Adam Lanza killed himself and 27 others in December 2012
CNN  The burning alive of Jordanian pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh is yet another reminder that ISIS is intent on testing the utter limits of evil and depravity . But even as our eyes are drawn to the horrors being committed overseas , concern is growing in Washington that the Obama administration 's strategy for defeating ISIS is falling short . Three retired senior military commanders -- with 12 stars between them -- recently came before the Senate Armed Services Committee to give their assessment of the defense and security challenges facing our country . With their uniforms put away , they were free to speak their minds . And all three lamented the confused , directionless wandering that constitutes the current national security strategy of the Obama administration . The three were especially disturbed by the conduct of military operations that have no clear objectives nor the defined means of achieving them . Gen. James Mattis , a former commander of the U.S. Central Command , for example , called for us to "  come out of our reactive crouch and take a firm strategic stance in defense of our values . " Gen. Jack Keane , former vice chief of staff of the Army , for his part referred in particular to our inadequate and disjointed efforts against ISIS saying , "  We are reduced to a very piecemeal effort . " He noted that our airstrikes against ISIS targets were supporting "  unproven " local ground forces , which would "  certainly guarantee that we will be incrementally engaged with one radical group after another with no end in sight . " All Americans should share their concern . On the very day these commanders testified , their views ironically were validated by one of the few American successes in recent months : the reported successful defense of the Kurdish town of Kobani on the Syrian/Turkish border . The irony is that this town -- which had little or nothing to do with the vast challenge to our interests posed by either ISIS or Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's murderous regime , and yet still consumed 70 % of the airstrikes in our struggle against ISIS over the past months -- has been trumpeted as a key victory by the Obama administration . In reality , control of Kobani was contested by a confused array of combatants -- including a designated terrorist organization , the PKK , or Kurdistan Workers Party , fighting on the coalition side against ISIS . Meanwhile , U.S. airstrikes are only likely to help the forces of the brutal al-Assad regime , which also is battling ISIS . This is a collapsing strategy grasping at reeds . U.S. military resources are being squandered without clear purpose or goal . We are indeed "  incrementally engaged with one radical group after another with no end in sight . " There is an obvious disjoint between the administration 's joy at this modest success , and the lack of real progress against the enemy elsewhere . Despite President Barack Obama 's claim in his State of the Union address or the customary boasts of Secretary of State John Kerry in London two days later , most credible reports show that ISIS is growing stronger in Syria . This is especially true in its Syrian strongholds . We have recently learned that an estimated 20,000 foreign fighters have gone to Syria and Iraq to fight with ISIS , an estimated increase of 5,000 in the past three months . The numbers very well could be much larger . In the meantime , the Obama administration 's plan to identify , vet , train and deploy a total of 5,000 anti-ISIS fighters -- two years from now -- has gone absolutely nowhere . And even if such forces materialize , when they do arrive on future battlefield perhaps , they may have only limited defensive roles , according to the Pentagon . With all this in mind , who could possibly see the President 's response to the mortal threat posed by ISIS as anything but a flat-out denial of the truth ? This is simply not how our country should be responding to such threats to our interests and security . Last year , Obama laid out the goal of defeating ISIS , but he still has not put forward a comprehensive strategy to accomplish this goal . It is paramount that he does so . Such a strategy must include the cooperation and support of moderate Muslim nations . As Keane said Sunday , "  Until we bring the countries that are involved and also those that have interest together and put together an alliance and establish a strategy , we 're not going to be able to push effectively against  ISIS  . " After years of watching this sickening spiral of foreign policy failures , we desperately need improved vision , a stiffer backbone , wisdom and leadership . Another two years of America 's growing impotence and irrelevance is a frightening prospect .	Dan Coats : U.S. lacks effective strategy for countering ISIS U.S. military resources are being squandered , he says
TUOL SLENG , Cambodia  CNN  -- Kaing Guek Eav is an elderly former math teacher and a born-again Christian . It 's thought 15,000 men , women and children died after being shackled to iron beds and tortured in Tuol Sleng . He is also -- prosecutors contend -- a former prison chief with Cambodia 's Khmer Rouge movement who oversaw the torture and killing of more than 15,000 men , women and children three decades ago . The trial of the 66-year-old man , better known as Duch , began Monday in front of a U.N.-backed tribunal just outside the Cambodian capital , Phnom Penh . Duch faces charges that include crimes against humanity , war crimes , torture and murder . Watch Duch in the dock " Spectators , many of them survivors of the abuse , watched the start of the trial from an auditorium separated from the courtroom by a large glass window . While he has admitted his role in the Khmer Rouge 's genocidal reign , Duch wo n't be spared weeks of evidence , much expected to be shocking . Watch more on the evidence to be presented " The prison he headed was a converted school , Tuol Sleng , that the regime renamed S-21 . Here , men , women and children were shackled to iron beds and tortured -- before they were electrocuted , beaten and whipped to death , prosecutors said . Prisoners were meticulously photographed before they were killed . See inside the prison and hear of its bloody past " "  It all seems so fresh , " said Norng Champhal , who was a starving little boy when invading Vietnamese forces entered the prison . He had been separated from his mother after one night in the prison and never saw her again . "  It 's hard to control my feelings when I see this , " he said , as he watched footage of the prison taken 30 years ago . "  I wonder whether my parents were tortured like these people , " he said . The Khmer Rouge swept to power in 1975 . Three years , eight months and 20 days later , at least 1.7 million people -- nearly one-quarter of Cambodia 's population -- were dead from execution , disease , starvation and overwork , according to the Documentation Center of Cambodia . The organization has been at the forefront of recording the atrocities committed during the Khmer Rouge regime . Pol Pot and his followers envisioned a return to a nation of noble peasant farmers and sought to purge city dwellers , the rich , the religious , the educated , anyone from a different ethnic group . Tuol Sleng was one of 189 similar institutions across Cambodia . Duch is the first former Khmer Rouge leader to stand trial . The tribunal , which is made up of Cambodian and international judges , does not have the power to impose the death penalty . If convicted , Duch faces from five years to life in prison . The trial is expected to last three or four months . "  Probably the most important thing about this court is : even after 35 years , you are still not going to get away with it . That is the message , " said Chief Prosecutor Robert Petit . When proceedings began last month , more than 500 people -- including three survivors from the prison Duch ran -- filled the tribunal . About 50 people came from Kampong Thom province , the birthplace of now-dead Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot . "  I could n't sleep last night . I was dreaming about my time at S-21 , " Vann Nath , one of the few survivors of the prison run by Duch , told The Phnom Penh Post last month . Even though Duch was not a senior leader with the movement , many Cambodians were relieved that one of the regime 's former leaders was facing justice , said Youk Chhang , head of the Documentation Center of Cambodia . "  I think there is a feeling of , well you know , finally -- now it 's finally happening after all these years of waiting -- hearing , fighting , negotiating , " he told CNN last month . "  People have that kind of sense of relief that it 's now moving . When I ask people around the center today , people say , ` Oh , it 's about time . ' " Four of the regime 's former leaders , also accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity , await trial before the tribunal . Pol Pot died in 1998 . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Miranda Leitsinger contributed to this report .	Prosecutors say Duch oversaw the torture and killing of more than 15,000 people Duch faces charges that include crimes against humanity Duch ran a former prison where people were killed and tortured At least 1.7 million people died under the Khmer Rouge
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy arrested nine more suspected pirates off the coast of Somalia Thursday -- the second capture in two days -- after receiving a distress call from an Indian-flagged commercial ship . Suspected pirates are arrested in the Gulf of Aden . According to the Navy announcement , at 4 a.m. local time the Indian-flagged Premdivya sent a distress call to all ships in the area reporting that she had been fired upon by a small skiff , and suspected pirates were attempting to board it . A U.S. Navy helicopter crew was launched from the USS Vella Gulf and fired two warning shots at the small boat to get them to stop . A Navy boarding team was then launched to investigate the skiff 's crew and found rocket-propelled grenades and other weapons on board the small craft , according to Navy officials . The suspected pirates were taken aboard the USS Vella Gulf and processed . They 'll be moved to a temporary holding facility aboard the larger USNS Lewis and Clark , according to the statement . The Navy is now holding a total of 16 suspected pirates while the U.S. and Kenyan governments work out legal details on how the suspects will be moved to Kenya for prosecution . Last month , the United States and Kenya signed an agreement saying that suspected pirates captured by U.S. ships will be moved to Kenya to be tried for their crimes . The capture Wednesday of seven suspected pirates marks the first time the United States was able to capture and hold pirates since its forces began patrolling the dangerous waters off Somalia . Piracy has become a chronic problem off the Horn of Africa in recent years , with some pirates operating from largely lawless Somalia . Pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 in the waters off the coast of Somalia in 2008 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . The task force led by the Vella Gulf was set up in January in an effort to clamp down on the attacks in the region , the southern approach to the Red Sea and the Suez Canal .	Nine suspects arrested off the coast of Somalia Second arrests in two days United States , Kenya working out legal details
London  CNN  -- Amid all the excitement and wall-to-wall media coverage about the eagerly-awaited new addition to the royal family , you may think you know all you could ever want to about royal babies . But did you know ... A government minister used to be present at royal births , to make sure the baby was not switched The practice is believed to have begun in 1688 , when dozens of officials watched Mary of Modena , wife of James II , give birth to a son , to scotch rumors that Mary was not really pregnant and that the baby was to be smuggled into the room in a bedpan . The tradition continued well into the 20th century . The last royal birth to be witnessed by a government minister was that of Queen Elizabeth II 's cousin , Princess Alexandra in 1936 , and the practice was only officially halted shortly before the birth of Prince Charles in 1948 . Royal husbands have not always attended the birth of their children Queen Elizabeth II may not have had to contend with ministerial interference in her birth plan , but she also did n't have her husband there for support ; while she gave birth to Prince Charles , Prince Philip , the Duke of Edinburgh was busy playing squash . Prince Charles was on hand when Diana had Prince William , but William himself may not be there for his own child 's birth -- expected any day now -- if he 's at work as a search-and-rescue pilot when the big moment arrives . If for any reason William ca n't get to the hospital on time , the Duchess of Cambridge is reported to have asked her mother , Carole Middleton , to be there to support her . Queen Victoria was the first royal to use anesthesia in childbirth The long-reigning monarch and mother-of-nine was given chloroform for pain relief during the births of her eighth and ninth children , Prince Leopold  born in 1853  and Princess Beatrice  born in 1857  . Her decision to opt for an anesthetic is credited with popularizing the use of painkillers during childbirth among the well-to-do of the time . John Snow , the doctor who administered the drug , is better known as one of the founding fathers of epidemiology , after he traced a deadly outbreak of cholera to a Soho water pump . Read more : Q&A - The royal baby 's arrival Prince William was the first heir to the throne to be born in hospital William was born in the private Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington , on June 21 , 1982 . His brother was born at the same hospital two years later , and William 's new son or daughter is also expected to come into the world there . While that might seem the normal way of things , in fact it was something of a break with tradition -- until then , all heirs to the throne had been born at home  or at one of the royal family 's homes at least  . Prince Charles was born at Buckingham Palace ; Elizabeth II herself was born in the Mayfair home of her grandfather in 1926 -- though at the time she was not expected to become queen as her uncle , and not her father , was next in line to the throne . Titled royal babies do not have surnames Members of the royal family are famously burdened with plenty of names -- Prince William was christened William Arthur Philip Louis , and his father is Charles Philip Arthur George -- but many  those titled His or Her Royal Highness  do not have a surname . Prince William and Prince Harry have used "  Wales " at school and during their military careers , but this comes from their father 's official title as Prince of Wales . William and Kate may continue to use this for their new baby . As descendants of Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh , they could also use Windsor , or Mountbatten-Windsor -- both of which are relatively new inventions , adopted during World War I to disguise the family 's German origins . Alternatively , the royal parents-to-be could even opt to found their own dynasty , using "  Cambridge " as a surname . Read more : Royal births by the numbers	Government ministers used to be present at all royal births Queen Victoria was the first monarch to use anesthesia in childbirth Prince William was the first heir to the British throne to be born in hospital While they have plenty of first names , royal babies do n't need a surname
Editor 's note : CNN contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose new book is "  Late Edition : A Love Story . " Bob Greene says discussion of ballplayer Ted Williams ' corpse is a shameful way to remember the superstar . CNN  -- "  I was scared , " Ted Williams said . He was talking about his lifelong fear of not being good enough -- of coming up short . "  I was always afraid I might fail , " he said . "  I was pictured as being so cocky -- I might have been cocky to some people , but not in my heart . All the time , I was just hoping to make whatever league I was in . " I am thinking about a long conversation I had with Williams toward the end of his life . I 'm thinking about it because of the unconscionable thing that is being done to him now that he is gone , now that he is without any defenses . You may have heard about a new book that makes some cruel and repugnant allegations about the mistreatment of his remains . What has been done to Williams ' good name since his death at age 83 in 2002 is heartbreaking . First there was the very public battle within his family about what to do with his body ; when it was entrusted to a facility that specializes in cryonics -- freezing -- there were tasteless gags all over television . Now there is the nauseating voyeurism surrounding these new allegations . They are unspeakable , and I will not repeat them here . He has been made a joke . It is as if there has been a conscious effort to rob him of his humanity . As if he is a punch line , as if he was never a person with thoughts and feelings . No one deserves this , and certainly not Ted Williams . A magnificent 19-year career with the Boston Red Sox ; twice the winner of baseball 's triple crown ; the last ballplayer to hit .400 in a season ; two tours of duty in the military in World War II and the Korean War ... This is the man whose right to rest in respectful peace is being stripped from him . It is a crime . And because he can no longer speak for himself , I will share with you his voice from a time when he could . "  I ca n't believe how well people have treated me , how nicely , " he told me . He had suffered a series of strokes ; he knew there was n't much time left . I was writing a monthly column for Life magazine , and he had agreed to talk with me . I told him that there was something striking about his voice : He sounded just like John Wayne . "  John Wayne sounded like me , " he said , not kidding . When he told me about his fear of failure , it was in the context of always being fixated on his own shortcomings . "  The only time I could savor an evening is if I had done something well , " he said . "  My most disappointing things all my life were always related to baseball . I did n't feel good because I did something successfully ; I felt bad if I failed to do something that I was expected to do . " As a young ballplayer , he supposedly said , "  All I want out of life is that when I walk down the street , people will say , ` There goes the greatest hitter who ever lived . ' " It happened . That was what people said about him . Did it satisfy him ? "  I would slide down in my seat a little bit when I heard someone say that , " he told me . "  Because I wanted people to believe it , but I did n't believe it myself . I did n't believe it then , and I do n't believe it now . Babe Ruth , Hank Aaron -- they were so good . When I would be at a dinner and someone would say I was the best , I would want to hide out of sight and sink into the floor . " At the height of his talent , he stepped away from baseball to fly Panther fighter jets in Korea . He was a United States Marine pilot ; often he would go out on two-plane missions flying side-by-side with a young Marine hotshot by the name of John Glenn . Talk about two Americans you can count on in a pinch ... . I asked Glenn about Williams once . "  He was just great , " Glenn said . "  The same skills that made him the best baseball hitter ever -- the eye , the coordination , the discipline -- are what he used to make himself an excellent combat pilot . " This is the man who is being degraded today . This is the man who is being treated , in death , as if he is in a carnival sideshow . As I spoke with Williams , with his eyesight failing and his body inexorably shutting down , I asked him : If he could change one thing in his life , what would it be ? He said that this , more than anything else , is what he wished for : the ability to "  run like a deer . " I thought he was talking about wishing he could have his youth back -- wishing , in his old age , that he could stand up and run again . But that was n't it . He said he wished that , back when he was a player , he was just a little faster . "  I would run to first , " he recalled of his years with the Red Sox , "  and there would be that boom-boom . " The sound of being called out at first base , the ball hitting the fielder 's glove just before Williams 's foot hit the bag . "  If I could have run a little faster ... how many at-bats did I have ? " he asked me . "  Seven thousand ? " I told him it was 7,706 . With 2,654 hits . "  If I could have run just a little faster , I bet you I could have had 50 more hits , " he said . He paused . There was wistfulness in his voice . "  Maybe a hundred , " he said . A man seeing death just up the road , still dreaming of excellence . That is the man whose dignity we have treated with such awful indifference . Shame on us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Discussion about Ted Williams ' remains is distasteful He recalls superstar player as a man who always strove to do his best Williams was baseball 's last .400 hitter and a veteran of two wars
CNN  -- A Russian spacecraft was launched Sunday in Kazakhstan , carrying crew members from three countries to a four-month deployment aboard the International Space Station . NASA astronaut Sunita Williams , Japan 's Aki Hoshide and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko will join other crew members on the station , according to NASA . The Soyuz TMA-05M was launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome , according to NASA . The Soyuz is expected to dock with the orbiting complex on Tuesday , NASA said . The launch and docking of the Expedition 32 crew members coincides with the 37th anniversary of the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project , the first docking of an American spacecraft with a Russian spacecraft .	NEW : Spacecraft is launched in Kazakhstan Soyuz spacecraft taking three crew members to space station The Soyuz is expected to dock with the station on Tuesday
CNN  -- In American politics , there is strength in numbers . When enough people feel a vested interest in the survival of a program , it becomes extraordinarily difficult for opponents to dismantle it . Obamacare , officially the Affordable Care Act , looks like it has just reached a critical tipping point . While the program still faces many challenges and numerous Republicans remained determined to keep attacking , the news that 7 million people have enrolled through the health care exchanges is a big victory for President Barack Obama and his supporters . Medicaid enrollment rose by 3 million people , much of which is a result of ACA as well . Rather than Obamacare being an abstract promise to Americans that will be fulfilled in the distant future , now the Affordable Care Act is a concrete program upon which millions of American voters will be depending . As that number increases , opponents of ACA will be going after the benefits of many millions of Americans -- not just the President . There is a long history of government programs securing their political strength through sheer numbers . Although Social Security remained a problematic and controversial program between 1935 and 1950 -- with some officials wondering whether it would even survive -- by the time that Dwight Eisenhower was President , there were fewer legislators willing to express such doubts . The reason was simple . Democratic and Republican legislators found their districts inhabited by elderly Americans who counted on these government pensions and workers who were paying payroll taxes . This is why legislators would increase benefits every election year . Agricultural supports have been equally strong since being put into place during the Great Depression . As farmers , farms and the entire agricultural industry came to depend on federal government assistance to ensure that prices remained stable , legislators shied away from trying to fix the program . Even legislators who represented urban districts had little interest in angering powerful rural representatives and senators whose constituents would not tolerate anyone tampering with their programs . When Eisenhower 's Secretary of Agriculture Ezra Taft Benson went after the program , Republicans suffered . "  Ezra Taft Benson , " one reporter said when covering the 1954 midterm elections , "  has become the -LSB- Democrats ' -RSB- fall guy , replacing the tired image of Herbert Hoover . " In the years before Congress passed Medicare and Medicaid in 1965 , opponents -- including powerful voices in the health insurance industry and the American Medical Association -- railed against the plan as "  socialized medicine " that would empower the government to make all the decisions doctors had once had control over . But President Lyndon Johnson and the Democratic Congress overcame their opposition to put into place these two major domestic programs . By the 1970s , serious opposition fell away . Doctors were depending on Medicare to fund their patients . Hospitals and states were planning on the Medicaid budget to keep their health systems going . And elderly patients no longer suffered the risk of not being able to seek treatment in their old age . As a result , nobody really wanted to get rid of these programs . Although there were fights to reform Medicare 's regulatory structure and to cut costs since the 1980s , the strength of the programs has been formidable . There has been , thus far , little possibility that either would be scrapped . The same has been true for defense spending . The surge of military contracts in Southern and Western states during the 1940s and 1950s became a staple to the economic success of the Sunbelt . There are many reasons why defense spending is hard to retrench , but most important is the huge number of people who will vote and lobby against you if you take a step in this direction . ACA is now starting to reach this same territory . For this reason alone , it makes sense that Obama is smiling . While the program does not have the tens of millions of people who are in the Medicare or Social Security programs , the numbers are growing . ACA will continue to face political attacks and implementation challenges , but the enrollment level virtually ensures serious debates over repealing ACA are now dead .	More than 7 million people have signed up for Affordable Care Act coverage Julian Zelizer says that ensures that President Obama 's signature program will endure As with Medicare and farm subsidies , programs that benefit millions tend to last , he says Zelizer : Obamacare will face implementation challenges , but talk of repeal is aimless
CNN  -- George H. W. Bush was the 41st president . But to younger generations , he may be more recognizable as the father of George W. Bush , the 43rd president . The elder Bush is also the father of Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , a possible contender for the White House in 2016 , and the grandfather of George P. Bush , an aspiring Latino politician in Texas . His family aside , George H.W. Bush 's presidency was marked by the first Gulf War and a sluggish economy . Bush also served two terms as Ronald Reagan 's vice president and is a former CIA director . Among the little known facts about the former president : "  Well , I like a colorful sock . I 'm a sock man , " Bush told his granddaughter the Today Show 's Jenna Bush Hager in a sit-down interview on his 88th birthday . Here 's a look back , by the numbers , at George Herbert Walker Bush 's career. : 88 - Age of the oldest living former president , George H. W. Bush . 3 1/2 - Months Bush is older than Jimmy Carter , the second oldest former president . 2 - Number of presidents with sons who also became president : George H. W. and George W. Bush , and John and John Quincy Adams . 58 - Combat missions Bush completed while serving as a World War II naval aviator . 6 - Number of children of George and Barbara Bush : George W , Robin , Jeb , Neil , Marvin , and Doro . Robin died of leukemia as a child in 1953 . 426 - Electoral votes Bush received in the 1988 presidential election , with 53 % of the vote , defeating Democratic challenger Michael Dukakis . 168 - Electoral College votes he received in 1992 , losing to Bill Clinton , who received 370 . 39 - Nations in the allied coalition to liberate Kuwait in the 1991 Persian Gulf War . 1,000 - Individuals recognized by President George H.W. Bush as a winner of the "  Daily Point of Light Award " for volunteer service in 1990 . A non-profit organization was created later to administer the awards . 25 - Percent reduction in the number of U.S. ballistic missile warheads after President George H.W. Bush and Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev signed the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty in July 1991 . 35 - Percent reduction in the number of Soviet ballistic missile warheads under the treaty . 1 - Number of directors of the CIA who have become president of the United States . Bush was the "  chief spy " for about a year from January 1976 to January 1977 . 1 - Number of U.S. ambassadors to the United Nations who have become president of the United States . Bush served from March 1971 to February 1973 . 6 - Number of people associated with the Iran-Contra scandal pardoned by President George H.W. Bush in 1992 , including former Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger . 44 - Vetoes by President George H. W. Bush . Some of the legislation included increasing the minimum wage , the Civil Rights Act of 1990 , Chinese most-favored-nation trade status , and motor voter laws . 38 million - Records documenting the life of former President George H. W. Bush archived in the George Bush Presidential Library and Museum , at Texas A&M University in College Station , Texas . 1,092 ft - Length of the U.S.S. George H.W. Bush  CVN-77  , a Nimitz-class Navy aircraft carrier commissioned in 2009 .	2 - Number of presidents with a son who became president 426 - Electoral votes Bush received in the 1988 presidential election 168 - Electoral College votes he received in 1992 , losing to Bill Clinton , who received 370 38 million - Archived records documenting Bush 's life at his presidential library
U.S. regulators shut down a New Mexico nut-processing facility Monday after the plant was linked to an outbreak of salmonella earlier this year . The Food and Drug Administration 's decision to suspend the registration of the Sunland Inc. plant in Portales , New Mexico , comes after health officials traced the June outbreak to nut butter produced at the facility . In a statement announcing the move , the agency said it would reinstate the company 's food facility registration "  only when FDA determines that the company has implemented procedures to produce safe products . " The outbreak sickened at least 41 people in 20 states , according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Sunland recalled all products from the Portales plant in September and says it has cooperated with federal inspectors , who reported numerous health violations at the facility earlier this month . Monday 's action marks the first time the FDA has exercised new power granted under a 2011 law modernizing food safety laws . Sunland spokeswoman Katalin Coburn told CNN the company believed it would soon be cleared to resume operations . "  The FDA has never issued a suspension , and because it 's the first time ever , we 've got a lot of questions , " Coburn said . "  So we are at this point trying to understand what exactly FDA wishes us to do . " In a letter to the company released Monday , the FDA said Sunland has outlined "  a number of corrective actions " but left out "  significant details " that keep inspectors from approving the plans . "  Based upon the current condition of the facility and past management policies and actions , FDA concludes that unless and until Sunland has completed and implemented certain corrective actions , food manufactured , processed , packed , received , or held by Sunland has a reasonable probability of causing serious adverse health consequences or death to humans or animals , " the agency wrote . In a report issued in mid-November , the FDA found that conditions at the Portales processing plant may have contributed to the contamination of peanut butter and almond butter products with salmonella bredeney , a strain of the bacteria . Investigators determined that Sunland employees did not properly handle equipment , utensils and containers used to hold and store food . They say there were no sinks to wash hands in the production or packaging area . They also noted that employees handled ready-to-package peanuts with their bare hands . According to the FDA , there were no records providing proof that production equipment was cleaned , and the same bags were used to store both raw and roasted peanuts . Raw peanuts were also found outside the facility in open trailers exposed to birds and rain . Report : Unsafe food puts lives at risk	"  We 've got a lot of questions , " a company spokeswoman says The salmonella outbreak in nut butter sickened at least 41 people in 20 states The FDA says Monday 's action is the first use of new power granted in 2011
New York  CNN  -- Douglas Kennedy , the son of the late Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , was acquitted Tuesday of harassment and child endangerment charges . He had been accused of twisting a nurse 's arm and kicking another nurse in January as he tried to leave the maternity ward of a suburban New York City hospital with his newborn son . The incident was captured by a security camera at Northern Westchester Hospital in Mount Kisco , about 40 miles north of New York City . His attorneys had argued that Kennedy wanted to take his child out for some "  fresh air " and that the staff had overreacted . Nurses describe alleged assault But one of the nurses , Cari Luciano , testified earlier that as Kennedy tried to get into the stairwell , his infant 's head was being jostled , unsupported , in his arms . She said that she instinctively reached out to steady it when Kennedy kicked her squarely in the pelvis . Nurse Marian Williams said she saw Kennedy kick Luciano with "  such force " that it knocked her off her feet . Their attorney could not be immediately reached for comment regarding Tuesday 's acquittal . Kennedy is the youngest son of the former U.S. attorney general and U.S. senator , who was the younger brother of slain President John F. Kennedy . Abusive or protective ?	Kennedy had been accused of twisting one nurse 's arm and kicking another nurse in January He tried to leave the maternity ward of a suburban New York City hospital with his newborn son The nurses ' attorney could not be immediately reached for comment
CNN  -- Help me out . What 's a word for feeling the pressure of a deadline but also pleasure in meeting it ? I 've got it -- plessure . Nowadays , it seems that a new portmanteau -- a word that is a combination of two words -- pops up every hour or so . You might have just met a frenemy for brunch -- a hybrid word going back decades -- where the two of you shared a cronut before distracting each other with a heated discussion of "  Sharknado . " Who knows ? The discovery that you both experience spasms of affluenza could make for the beginning of a wonderful bromance . Chillax , I 'm not about to go on a curmudgeonly rant denouncing hybrid words . On the contrary , perhaps they herald a new phase in American verbal creativity . Invented by French chef Dominique Ansel earlier this year , "  cronuts " are a cross between croissants and doughnuts . In New York City , the pastry debuted in Ansel 's Soho shop to big crowds . They were such a hit that a black market on Craigslist sprang up where one cronut can fetch as much as $ 40 . "  Sharknado " is a SyFy TV movie about -- you guessed it -- a tornado that tosses man-eating sharks out of the sea onto land . The hashtag #Sharknado took Twitter by storm . Apparently , the word inspired the movie . Is there a trend in the air ? Familiar words are being reshuffled and transformed into dazzling new things . We throw old words into new configurations in a rush to keep up with our faster pace of life , the same way we throw on the clothes nearest to us , no matter how mismatched , if we have to rush out of the house . Maybe it has something to do with technology . The mind reels as it tries to keep up with all the scintillating gadgets and toys . BlackBerry and PCs seem so yesterday . Even IMs feel old compared to some of the newer chat programs . And now we have an explosion of apps where word play is child 's play . Move over , Instagram and Pandora ; make way for Snapchat , WhatsApp and NearMe . You have to wonder if there is n't a little bit of nostalgia in the portmanteau craze . It 's as if we are saying to all the changes : "  Hold on ! Do n't throw the baby out with the bathwater ! "  Do n't be a ... throwbaby ? Hybrid words come in many flavors . Some have an undertone of irony , and even cynicism , to them : anticipointment , Frankenfood , craptacular . Twenty years ago , genetically modified food was the stuff of science fiction ; hence Frankenfood was born . The concepts behind "  craptacular " and "  anticipointment " -- the disappointment we feel after the anticipation aroused by hype has been deflated by reality -- are the product of jaded intelligences that see through the commercial artifice around them . There is something almost decadent , and a little bit Roman , about our rising tide of portmanteaus . In the 17th century , a concept like "  frenemy " might have been coined by some caustic French writer with an epigrammatic wit . You might even say that a hybrid is an epigram manque . But , then , we are in a cultural phase now that seems more conceptual and visual . Words like "  cronuts " or "  Sharknado " conjure up hard-to-forget images . But will people remember them in 100 years ? It depends on whether the words ' meanings will still resonate with people . "  Sharknado " will probably go the way of the movie it inspired , and cronut seems particularly well suited to NYC in 2013 . But who knows ? Cronuts could stay with us as long we eat them . Some words like metrosexual or screenager say a lot about the way we live . We 've all felt at one time or another as if we 've fallen through the looking glass into some strange new world , where what was familiar to us even five years ago has been turned on its head . It was , after all , Lewis Carroll 's Humpty Dumpty who first coined the word "  portmanteau " and defined it : "  two meanings packed up into one word . " Unlike Mr. Dumpty , however , we are kept together by our hybrid words , or at least enabled to rearrange the broken pieces of our familiar experience into something we understand . Maybe the best thing about them is that , with their fusion of disparate words and ideas , they break down any notion of cultural purity . In the end , they capture the most humane promise of American life : the only way through is together . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lee Siegel .	Lee Siegel : It seems that a new portmanteau -- a hybrid word -- pops up every hour Siegel : Words like "  cronut " and "  Sharknado " delight and dazzle us in their newness He says familiar words are being reshuffled as our modern life quickens in its pace Siegel : New hybrid words are emblematic of our culture -- a melting pot where things blend
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama signed sweeping health care reform legislation into law Tuesday , hailing the moment as the latest example of America facing up to major challenges for the benefit of all its people . The bill constitutes the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees in more than four decades , and its enactment was a giant victory for Obama and Democrats after a brutal legislative battle dating back to the start of his presidency . No Republicans supported the bill in either the House or Senate , and Democratic leaders needed a separate bill that calls for changes in the new law in order to get enough support in the House to pass the measure . The Senate started debate on the accompanying House bill later Tuesday , with Republican opponents promising to use every possible parliamentary tool or technique to undermine it . Obama and Democratic leaders celebrated the new law at the White House signing ceremony , with a crowd packing the East Room repeatedly standing to applaud and cheer the president . "  It 's been easy at times to doubt our ability to do such a big thing , such a complicated thing , to wonder if there are limits to what we as a people can still achieve , " Obama said . "  We are not a nation that scales back its aspirations , " he continued . "  We are not a nation that falls prey to doubt or mistrust . We do n't fall prey to fear . " Rather , "  we are a nation that does what is hard , what is necessary , what is right , " Obama said . In the end , he said , the bill delivered the "  core principle that everybody should have some basic security when it comes to their health care . " Among those on hand for the signing ceremony was Vicki Kennedy , the widow of Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts , who championed health care reform for decades before his death last year . Also present were several people who wrote Obama in the past year about their personal woes over losing or being unable to get health insurance . Obama had told their stories when campaigning for the health care bill in recent months . Among the private citizens attending Tuesday 's ceremony were 11-year-old Marcelas Owens of Washington state and Ryan Smith , a small-business owner from California . And Obama said , "  I 'm signing this reform bill into law on behalf of my mother , who argued with insurance companies even as she battled cancer in her final days . " Watch what Obama has to say about his mother and others Democratic senators and representatives filled the crowd , and all stood to cheer and applaud after Obama used 22 pens to sign the bill . Republicans and social conservatives are vowing to try to repeal the law or have it declared unconstitutional . Attorneys general from 13 states filed a lawsuit Tuesday against the measure , claiming its mandate for people to purchase coverage and the costs it forces states to assume violate the Constitution . Twelve of the 13 attorneys general filing the lawsuit are Republican . A separate lawsuit filed by the Republican attorney general of Virginia makes a similar claim . Watch what Florida 's attorney general has to say Obama 's comments at the signing ceremony and a later appearance before staff and supporters at the Department of the Interior focused on the immediate benefits of the new health care law . The president emphasized that this year , some 4 million small-business owners will be able to get tax credits to help cover the cost of providing health insurance to their employees , while insurance companies will no longer be able to deny coverage for children because of pre-existing medical conditions . Insurance companies also will no longer be allowed to drop people from coverage when they get sick , or to place lifetime or annual limits on the amount of health care people receive , Obama said . In addition , he warned senior citizens to ignore claims by Republicans that the new law will reduce Medicare benefits . Obama will hit the road to sell the measure to a still-skeptical public , giving a speech Thursday in Iowa City , Iowa , where he launched his grass-roots drive for health care reform in May 2007 , according to White House press secretary Robert Gibbs . iReport : What will health care reform mean to you ? Passage of the bill was a huge boost for Obama , who made health care reform a top domestic priority of his presidency . "  I have n't seen the president so happy about anything other than his family since I 've known him , " senior adviser David Axelrod told CNN on Monday , adding that Obama 's jubilation when the bill passed exceeded his election victory in November 2008 . "  He was excited that night , but not like last night . " Senior Republicans in Congress warned that voters will judge Democrats harshly in November 's mid-term elections , with Sen. John McCain of Arizona saying the Democratic-passed bill killed any chance of bipartisan support on legislation for the rest of the year . "  There will be no cooperation for the rest of this year , " McCain said in an interview Monday with KFYI radio in Arizona . "  They have poisoned the well in what they have done and how they have done it . " Gibbs , however , said the administration expects to win any lawsuits filed against the bill , and he challenged McCain and other Republicans to campaign for the November election against the benefits of the health care bill . The overall $ 940 billion plan is projected to extend insurance coverage to roughly 32 million additional Americans . The compromise package would expand insurance subsidies for middle - and lower-income families , and scale back the bill 's taxes on expensive insurance plans . iReport : Share your views on health care reform Observers warn , however , that the road ahead for health care reform in the Senate may be rocky . Democratic leaders are using a legislative maneuver called reconciliation , which will allow the compromise plan to clear the Senate with a simple majority of 51 votes . But according to Senate rules , members are still allowed to offer unlimited amendments and challenges . In one of the first of many attempts Republicans say they will make to try to amend or kill the package , GOP aides went to Senate Parliamentarian Alan Frumin on Monday to argue that the compromise bill violates rules of the reconciliation process because of the way it affects Social Security . For that reason , GOP aides said they argued , the bill should not even be allowed to be debated . However , Frumin , according to a senior Republican and a Democratic aide , informed both parties he disagreed with the GOP assessment , and would not block the bill from reaching the Senate floor . House Democrats unhappy with the Senate bill have been continually reassured that the compromise package will be approved by the more conservative Senate . So far , two of the 59 senators in the Democratic caucus -- Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas -- have said they will oppose the compromise package . CNN 's Ed Henry , Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Ed Hornick , Josh Levs , Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	"  We are not a nation that scales back its aspirations , " he says ; others vow to fight law Attorneys general from 13 states file a lawsuit against the measure Obama to travel to Iowa to continue sales pitch to still-skeptical public Package of changes to bill still needs Senate approval ; GOP could delay it there
CNN  -- Kellie Pickler calls them her favorite shows . "  When you get up onstage and you look out and you see a sea of soldiers or sea of marines or just a sea of your military in general , it 's just so overwhelming , and it just really makes you feel good , " Pickler says . The 26-year-old country music star has been singing for the troops as a USO volunteer since 2007 . She has taken part in six USO tours to bring "  a little piece of home " to servicemen and women stationed overseas , including those in Kuwait , Iraq and Afghanistan . "  I 've met so many amazing people on these USO tours , " Pickler says , recalling one of her most memorable moments from a Memorial Day trip to Afghanistan in 2012 . "  It was myself and my band and maybe 12 other soldiers that play guitar , drums , keys , " she remembers . "  We all met at the chapel on the base , and we sat there all night , I mean probably two or 2:30 , three in the morning playing old Johnny Cash songs to just everything you could think of . We just had a pickin ' party . " Pickler 's connection to the military is deeply personal . Her grandfather , a retired Marine , helped raise her . She says she developed "  a great deal of respect " for the troops growing up in a military family , which inspired her to get involved with the USO . " -LSB- The troops -RSB- need to know that we have n't forgotten about them and what they do , " she says . "  And they need to know that we 're back home supporting them and that we have their back because they have ours . " Pickler even tattooed three stars on her left arm as a reminder of her first few USO tours and her gratitude to those who serve . She encourages all Americans to find their own way to express their appreciation . "  Something as simple as when you pass someone in uniform in the airport or you 're at Starbucks getting coffee and someone in uniform walks in , just go up and say , ` Thank you . ' Shake their hand . ` Thank you for your service . Thank you for what you do . Because you do what you do , I 'm able to do what I do . ' " For more information about the USO and how you can get involved , visit USO.org .	Country singer Kellie Pickler has been on six USO overseas tours USO tours help boost the morale of military men and women stationed far from home Pickler : They need to know we have n't forgotten about them and what they do
CNN  -- "  May God bring you pain , Bashar . " The curse is from a woman as she stands over a young child , dressed in purple pants and a matching shirt . Cursing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , she asks why the girl had to die -- one of 10 children killed by shelling Sunday on a playground in a Damascus suburb , according to opposition activists . The woman 's cries are among a host of heart-wrenching moments captured on video from Deir al-Assafir . Posted on YouTube and quickly spread via social media , it begins by showing the bodies of two seemingly dead little girls on the ground , then two more bodies in a car , then adults carrying even more limp children . A young girl on the pavement cries uncontrollably until she 's picked up . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said cluster bombs from Syrian warplanes killed children while they were playing . Alexia Jade , a spokeswoman for the opposition-run Damascus Media Office , said residents in Deir al-Assafir believe the attack was committed by the government in retaliation for rebels taking over a nearby military airport . Rami Abdulrahman of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , however , said it 's not known what happened . Whatever the explanation , the images represent another sordid chapter in Syria 's bloody civil war . The violence raged again on Monday , with at least 168 people killed across the country . More than half of those reported deaths -- 90 of them -- were in the capital and its suburbs , with another 35 in Aleppo , the LCC reported . Rockets pummeled the Syrian city of Atma on Monday , not far from a key command center for the rebel Free Syrian Army , a witness said . Two rockets fell within several hundred meters of the command center , the witness said . It 's unclear whether any rebels were injured , but the building did not appear to be damaged . About 40,000 civilians have been killed since the first protests sprung up about 20 months ago against al-Assad 's government , according to the opposition Center for Documentation of Violations in Syria . Meanwhile , more than 380,000 Syrians have fled the violence and become refugees in countries such as Turkey and Lebanon , the United Nations reports . The Syrian government routinely refers to its battle against "  terrorists , " the term it uses for rebel fighters and extremist elements in the country . On Sunday , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported on several military operations "  in pursuit of al Qaeda terrorists who are perpetrating acts of killing and looting , " in some instances identifying those killed and where they purportedly came from , such as Saudi Arabia , Libya and Palestinian territories . CNN can not confirm claims by the government or the opposition because of government restrictions that prevent journalists from reporting freely within Syria . What started as security forces cracking down on mostly nonviolent protesters has spiraled into a civil war between pro-government forces and the rebels , including the Free Syrian Army . Rebel fighters scored significant victories over the weekend , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Overnight Saturday , rebels stormed Marj al-Sultan airport , about 12 miles  20 kilometers  from Damascus , and destroyed two helicopters and a number of vehicles . In Daraa province , rebels claimed to have taken over a base near the Jordanian border that once housed the Syrian army 's fourth battalion . The violence has spilled over , too , into neighboring countries . Turkey has turned against its former ally , asking its fellow NATO members last week for Patriot missiles to bolster its air defenses because of several deaths in its territory blamed on Syrian forces . A delegation of Turkish and NATO officials was to begin a site survey Tuesday to determine where to deploy the batteries , the Turkish military said Monday . "  The deployment of the Air and Missile Defense System is a precaution for defensive purposes for possible air and missile threats from Syria , and is not for the establishment of a no fly zone or for offensive maneuvers , " according to the Turkish military statement . The bloodshed has seeped into Lebanon as well , where there have been deadly clashes between pro- and anti-Syrian factions . And Israel 's army fired warning shots toward Syria earlier this month after a mortar shell hit one of its military posts . Protests continue in Egypt CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Ammar Cheikhomar , Samira Said , Raja Razek , Roba Alhenawi and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : 168 dead across Syria , mostly in the Damascus area , an opposition group says Turkey , NATO to begin reviewing possible sites for air defense missiles State-run media report on military operations targeting "  al Qaeda terrorists " Witness says rockets fell close to a rebel command center
CNN  -- World record-holder Wilson Kipsang completed a Kenyan double at the London Marathon Sunday as home hope Mo Farah disappointed on his debut over the 42km distance . Kipsang broke the course record with a time of two hours four minutes and 27 seconds , moving clear of second-placed compatriot Stanley Biwott in the closing stages of the race in the British capital . Tsegaye Kebede , last year 's winner , took third , just ahead of fellow Ethiopian Ayele Abshero . Behind them , Farah , the reigning Olympic and world 5,000 and 10,000 meters champion , finished in eighth place with a time of two hours eight minutes and 21 seconds . Cheered to the echo by hundreds of thousands of fans who had gathered around the course , Farah was never a serious factor in the race after choosing to sit off the ferocious early pace set by the leaders . The 31-year-old admitted he had made a misjudgment due to inexperience at the distance . "  I wish I had gone with the front group . I had no-one to pace me because the pacemaker was slightly ahead , " he told BBC Sport . Farah , who is toying with the idea of moving up to the marathon for the 2016 Olympics in Rio , vowed to be back . "  I 'm not going to finish it like this . I gave it my all but I 'm disappointed I did n't go out there and give what the crowd deserve , " he added . In the women 's race , another track superstar , Tirunesh Dibaba of Ethiopia , also found the step up to the marathon testing as she finished third behind Kenyan pair Edna Kiplagat and Florence Kiplagat . Dibaba lost ground to them after dropping a water bottle at a drinks station and was never able to get on terms . Two-time world champion Edna Kiplagat sprinted clear at the finish to win in two hours 20 minutes and 21 seconds with Dibaba coming home 14 seconds down after her mishap . Over 30,000 runners , many raising money for charity , were taking part in the 34th running of the iconic event , which finishes on The Mall in front of Buckingham Palace .	Kenya 's Wilson Kipsang wins London Marathon Compatriot Stanley Biwott finishes second Home hope Mo Farah trails home in eighth spot Edna Kiplagat wins women 's race for Kenya
CNN  -- Valuable insight into our health is lurking beneath our city streets . "  We can reveal the invisible in a city . The underworld we do n't see every day , " says architect Carlo Ratti . The underworld Ratti is referring to is our sewers -- home to the most personalized waste a city has to offer . As director of the Senseable City Lab at MIT , his "  Underworlds " project is using this waste to open up a new world of information on human health and behavior through a platform he calls "  Smart Sewage . " "  New techniques in biology allow us to characterize bacteria and viruses leaving our bodies . -LSB- This is -RSB- the microbiome of us , " explains Ratti . His team is currently designing prototype smart platforms that collect sewage , filter it and use computational techniques to analyze any genetic material present to identify any viruses and bacteria , as well as spotting specific chemicals using a technique known as mass spectrometry . Ratti aims to characterize a city 's microbiome  the vast community of microbes that lives in the human body  and ultimately "  see epidemics before they happen . " Detecting infections The main benefits lie in the real-time aspect of the technology , providing insight into the diseases circulating in a community before the people affected know for themselves . "  The steps involved in disease diagnosis are slow , " Ratti explains . First , people need to notice symptoms of illness , and then they have to begin the process of doctors ' appointments and tests to get a diagnosis . Testing sewage could be a faster way to predict the presence of infections among the population . To begin with , the project will primarily look for influenza and gastroenteritis-related outbreaks , such as salmonella and rotavirus infections , but the potential public health benefits go beyond outbreak prediction and surveillance . "  Most of what 's going in and out of a city is the water going in and sewage coming out , " says Eric Alm , professor of Biological Engineering and Civil and Environmental Engineering at MIT , who runs the Underworlds project alongside Ratti . "  The change in water in and out reflects a broad array of human activity going on in a city , " he adds . But Alm admits there are many challenges ahead and that it 's not as straightforward as getting DNA from the sewage and sequencing it . "  It 's only useful if we can figure out what kind of sewage water it is , " he says . The water in our sewers is a mix of water from showers , toilets and rain , and the resulting chemicals and microorganisms will vary depending on the source . "  The second challenge is , who has contributed to that water ? " explains Alm . But he believes his team can build a robust platform to not only monitor changes in health , but also see what chemicals are being released into the water by industries , as well as monitor chemical security threats and even assess the impact of health policies by looking at other biological factors . "  There 's a whole host of applications we can use , " says Alm . Live trials The first city to trial their prototype will be the one local to MIT -- Boston . This will be piloted in 2016 , ready for a bigger prototype set to be implemented in Kuwait City the following year , where the team has formed a partnership with Kuwaiti stakeholders including its Ministry of Health . Trials are essential to understand the true sensitivity of such a technology and the extent to which microorganisms such as viruses can be detected . "  It 's a clever idea in principle , " says Sandy Cairncross , professor of Environmental Health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine . But he remains unsure whether the bacteria and viruses being targeted can be easily found . "  Some organisms are more fragile than others and will die in the sewers , some are difficult to detect in small numbers and some are more numerous than others , " he says . Cairncross recalls a cholera study that took swabs of sewage from manholes in Dhaka , Bangladesh , but failed to find a single one these bacteria . "  It has potential but will take a lot of trial and error to find which results are reliable or meaningful , " he adds . The concerns are shared by the team at MIT . "  We need to figure out how far down from somebody 's home or business you can still see organisms , " explains Alm , who also suggests they may need to time sampling to "  peak poop hours " during the day , such as the morning . But they have had some success . "  We did some early studies last year and detected some flu viruses , which we were very excited about . " Their sewage success was indeed exciting as the types of organisms expected to be found are those associated with the gastrointestinal tract , such as salmonella , whereas flu viruses are respiratory . "  I 'm optimistic , " says Alm . Smart toilet Whilst the short-term plan is to use this technology platform to collect information about entire populations , in the future it could become more personalized , via a smart toilet . "  We will be able to monitor the microbiome individually , and tell you about your body , " says Ratti about the overall vision for the technology , "  to monitor and detect this before you fall sick . " Alm monitored his own microbiome for a year back in 2009 , which involved noting every food item consumed and analyzing his every bowel movement . But the arduous task provided detailed insight into the microbial communities living inside his body and the impact any changes in travel , diet or health had on their composition . The smart toilets are likely to begin simple , with a device to drop into a toilet rather than a toilet you buy outright with technology installed . But the information provided could add to the growing field of personalized medicine and healthcare . The immediate future , however , remains the glamorous task of mining sewage to visualize urban health patterns . "  Sewage is the most logical start point , " concludes Alm about his goals to find the bugs infecting a city . "  You never know until you go out and find it . "	"  Underworlds " project will analyze sewage to spot diseases Monitoring city sewage could reveal infections circulating in the population The project could one day be applied to create individual "  smart toilets "
CNN  -- What does it mean to be Nigerian ? That 's the question on the lips of many in Africa 's most populous country as new national identity cards are being rolled out . But this is an I.D. with a difference . The card , which fits into a wallet and comes with a credit-card style chip , can also be used to make electronic payments . Nigerians can use it to deposit funds , receive social benefits , pay for goods and withdraw cash at ATMs across the country , according to MasterCard , which provides the card 's prepaid payment technology . The company also claims that by providing proof of identity , the card solves one of the biggest problems people face when trying to open a bank account . "  To all Nigerians , I say , remember the National Identification Number , is your identity , " Nigerian president Goodluck Jonathan said at the launch of the National Identity Smart Card , or NeID , at the end of August . "  The card is not only a means of certifying your identity , but also a personal database repository and payment card , all in your pocket . " The card could also be used for voting in the future , while Chris Onyemenam , director general and CEO of the Nigerian Identity Management Commission  NIMC  , said that citizens will have "  the potential to use it as an international travel document . " Earlier this week , finance minister Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala said 3,000 people had received cards . In order to get the document , Nigerians have to register at one of the NIMC enrollment centers around the country and provide 10 fingerprints , a picture of their face and iris , as well as information about their age and place of birth . Once registered , the NIMC official issues an I.D. number and then the card . Growth opportunity Nigeria produces more oil than any other African nation , but the World Bank says only about 30 % of the population have a bank account . Given 170 million people live in the country , Mastercard claims to have spotted an opportunity for growth . Research conducted by MasterCard 's consultancy arm says that cash dependency in a country like Nigeria can cost up to 1.5 % of Gross Domestic Product . Given Nigeria has recently recently re-calculated it 's 2013 GDP to a figure of $ 488 billion , making it Africa 's biggest economy , that 's certainly an amount the government is keen to keep a hold of . Card controversy But not everyone is happy with this pocket-sized one-stop-shop . Human Rights Activist Shehu Sani attacked the scheme on Facebook : While Eze Onyekpere , lead director at the non-governmental organisation Centre for Social Justice , said the collaboration was not appropriate . "  There should be difference between everyday credit or payment cards and an identity card issued by a sovereign authority , " he says . "  Even if Mastercard was needed to ensure a good payment system , there is nothing that says it must be heavily embossed on the card . It could guarantee the card without necessarily getting this free advert from 170 million Nigerians . " Onyekpere has also criticised the way the Nigerian government partnered with the international payments provider . "  The choice of Mastercard did not undergo a competitive selection process , " he claims . "  It was clearly an abuse of Nigeria 's public procurement process and the selection should have been open to all companies that can provide the service . A MasterCard spokesperson denied the payments company was turning the I.D. card project into a branding exercise . In an emailed statement the company said "  the brand mark is not MasterCard 's corporate logo , nor is it an advertisement for the company . The MasterCard brand displayed on the card is what makes the electronic payment component of the eID card accepted as a means of payment . " NIMC spokesperson Umar Abdulhamid rejected any allegation of foul play in partnering with MasterCard . "  It 's a level playing field , " he said In a phone interview . "  Other payment providers have been invited to get involved , but were apprehensive . " And Daniel Monehin , president of MasterCard 's Sub Saharan Africa division , joined Abdulhamid in dismissing this claim . In a phone interview he said that "  the collaboration went through all the highest levels of government . " Previous attempts This is not the first time Nigerian authorities have tried to implement such a card . The idea of a national identity card scheme for Nigeria was first initiated in 1978 , according to the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . But successive governments and coups meant the idea did not become a reality . More recently , progress on the provision of identity cards for Nigerians took shape in early 2003 , when some 60,000 centers were set up to register citizens . While the approach to take photographs and fingerprints sought to avoid fraud , an article on the U.N. refugee agency 's website reports that irregularities in the roll-out of the I.D. cards meant that by 2008 the government was planning a new card . A month into this latest identity project there remains no fixed timetable for when the roll out of the initial 13 million cards will be completed . Read more : Africa 's oil and gas : Boom or hype ? Read more : In the driving seat of S. Africa 's economy More from Marketplace Africa	Nigerian authorities teamed up with MasterCard to launch a new National Identity card The card will also be used for electronic payments Only about 30 % of Nigeria 's population currently has a bank account Some Nigerians are angry their national identification document carries the MasterCard logo
CNN  The man who attacked a security area at the New Orleans airport with a machete and wasp spray also had a bag of Molotov cocktails and a car containing smoke bombs and gas cylinders , authorities said . The suspect , Richard White , 63 , died Saturday after treatment for three bullet wounds he suffered when a sheriff 's lieutenant fired at him to halt the Friday night attack , the Jefferson Parish Sheriff 's Office said . Sheriff Newell Normand said earlier that investigators had n't been able to talk to White , who officials said suffered from some type of mental illness . He said White 's wife and children had been very cooperative . Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport was back open and fully operational , Mayor Mitch Landrieu said . He praised security officials for acting quickly and heroically and doing everything they could to stop the attack . The incident began when White , carrying a bag , entered one of the lanes at the security checkpoint for Concourse B and began spraying Transportation Security Administration agents and bystanders with a can of wasp spray , the sheriff 's office said . He then pulled a machete from his waistband and began swinging it at agents and others in the area . "  What I saw originally was one of the officers getting sprayed with the wasp spray , " said TSA agent Carol Richel , whose arm was hit by one of the bullets fired at White . The officer being sprayed with wasp spray picked up a bag and threw it at White to slow him down , but the suspect still barged through , Richel told reporters . Richel , who was not armed , yelled for everyone to run as she made her way toward the sheriff 's lieutenant , who she knew had a weapon . "  I was calling , ` Run , run ' for them to get away from him , and I was calling for the  lieutenant  so she was there and alert , " Richel said . "  I did n't hear him say anything , " she said . "  Once I yelled for the checkpoint to be cleared , I looked over my shoulder and he was coming after me . And I ran as fast as I could and thank God the officer was as close as she was , because I would n't be here today . " She said the man came "  within inches " of whacking her with the machete . "  This man was swinging very hard , very hard with that machete , " Richel said . "  And if he would have made contact with anybody , it would have been terrible . " Normand said Lt. Heather Slyve fired three shots , ultimately stopping the attacker . He said investigators believe it was the first shot that went through Richel 's upper right arm . Richel showed off a bright pink bandage on her arm and said the bullet went through her tricep . "  Originally , I thought the machete hit me . I did n't realize it was a bullet , " she said . "  I knew he was close , so I honestly thought he hit me and she shot him . " When White approached the checkpoint , he was carrying a bag that he dropped as soon as the first agent confronted him , Normand said . "  What the bag revealed was six half-pint mason jars with cloth wicks into a liquid that we now know to be gasoline -- what you would commonly refer to as a Molotov cocktail , " Normand said . A grill lighter and plastic letter opener were also in the bag , and next to his body investigators found powdery material and wicks , which they determined were from crushed smoke bombs . "  The fact that he ended up dropping the bag  when  the TSA agent threw an item at him was huge in the short 40-second span ... of this event , " Normand said . "  Had he been able to hold onto the bag , he might not have continued to chase the TSA agents through the checkpoint . He might have gone somewhere else . " The bomb squad found more smoke bombs in his car , and in the trunk were three gas tanks -- one for Freon , one for oxygen and one for acetylene , a compressed gas used in welding and metal-cutting . Normand said their intended purpose was n't clear . Normand said "  there is a mental illness component " in their investigation of the suspect . "  No one at this point in time has any notion about what may have triggered this behavior , " Normand said . "  And not unlike dealing with the mentally ill , sometimes you will never know what actually triggers some of this type of behavior . " People who had recently interacted with White described him as very cordial , calm , cool and collected , Normand said . They reported having no suspicions about him and said nothing seemed out of the ordinary . It was n't clear why White was at the airport . Contrary to earlier reports , Normand said Saturday , White was no longer a taxi driver . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo , Joe Sutton , Tony Marco and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Suspect dies after treatment for bullet wounds Sheriff says the suspect also had smoke bombs and Molotov cocktails Richard White allegedly stormed an airport security area with a machete
CNN  -- China and India need to reach agreement on how they will manage water from one of the world 's great rivers -- the Yarlung-Zangbo-Brahmaputra -- before it becomes another serious impediment to relations between the two Asian heavyweights . Water scarcity already affects large parts of China and India . As their populations grow and income levels rise , forcing up demand for water-intensive food such as meat , the supply situation will worsen . Inevitably , that means tension over water resources . There is a regional precedent for a bilateral water treaty : bitter rivals India and Pakistan , under prodding from the World Bank , signed the Indus Waters Treaty in 1960 to cover water use from the Indus and five other rivers that flow through the two nations . While far from perfect , the treaty has given farmers and other users in both countries a framework on which they can make crop production and hydropower decisions . Infographic : The secret life of drinking water Already , China 's construction of a 540-megawatt hydropower dam on the Yarlung-Zangbo , which flows for 1,700 kilometers  1,050 miles  across the southern Tibetan plateau before it enters Indian territory and becomes the Brahmaputra , is cause for concern in New Delhi . The dam , known as the Zangmu , is due for completion in 2015 . While the Zangmu dam is a relatively small project , there is something much bigger on the horizon : a 38,000-megawatt dam at Motuo , near the river 's "  Great Bend , " which potentially could reduce the volume of water flowing into India and Bangladesh . While China maintains that any dams it builds on its part of the river will have little downstream impact , up to 150 million people living in eastern India and Bangladesh could be affected . Almost half the world 's population -- the 3.5 billion people living in Central , South and East Asia -- relies on water from the great rivers that rise in the Himalayas , the Tibetan plateau , and the Tibetan ethnic areas of China . The way the most important of these rivers -- the Indus , Ganges , Brahmaputra , Salween , Yangzi , Yellow and Mekong -- are used carries the potential for conflict as countries struggle with the challenges of rising populations , pressure on farming and food supplies , diminishing water quality and demand for hydropower . China has always been prepared to move mountains and people to achieve its economic and social goals . The $ 25 billion Three Gorges Project , built in the upper reaches of the Yangzi River between 1994-2011 , is testament to that . As many as 1.3 million people were relocated so the dam could be built , both to generate power and as a flood mitigation measure . Its full ecological impact is yet to be determined . Now China is working on its massive $ 60 billion South-North Water Diversion Project that involves the country 's two most important rivers -- the Yangzi and the Yellow -- plus numerous tributaries , canals and other rivers such as the Huai and Hai . It is one of the biggest civil engineering projects conceived anywhere in the world . First formulated by Chairman Mao Zedong in 1952 as a way to move water from the southern half of China to the dry but heavily populated north , the three-part scheme took its first steps forward in 2002 when work began on the 1,155 kilometer  716 mile  eastern route . This part of the project , scheduled for completion in 2013 , will take water from the Yangzi River via channels to Shandong province , and then by a tunnel under the Yellow River and onwards to the coastal city of Tianjin . Work on the central route began late in 2003 . This 1,267 kilometer  785 mile  diversion is designed to take water from a reservoir on the Han River  a tributary of the Yangzi  along new canals on to Henan and Hebei provinces , and finally to Beijing . A trunk line will also serve Tianjin . Long-term , the western route is the one which causes the most concern , as it involves diverting water from tributaries of the Yangzi , including the Tongtian , Dadu and Yalong rivers , across the Bayankala Mountains to the Yellow River , to supply northwest China . While some experts doubt the western diversion will ever be built because of the massive cost and logistical challenges of tunnelling under a mountain range , China 's record in building mega-projects suggests otherwise . In March this year , Vice-Premier  and likely premier in 2013  Li Keqiang told a State Council meeting that drought and water shortages in the north had held back economic development there . As a consequence , he said , the South-North diversion project was "  essential . " In June , China announced it had begun work on a key part of the central route : a $ 1.4 billion , 45 kilometer tunnel to divert water from the Yangzi river to Beijing . The tunnel should be finished by 2014 . China has always moved faster than India ; that 's why the time for a water treaty is now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Geoff Hiscock .	China , India need to agree on water management of Yarlung-Zangbo river Precedent for this when India and Pakistan signed Indus Water Treaty in 1960 Chinese construction of Zangmu dam already causing concern for New Delhi
New York  CNN  -- New York is set to become the latest state to open the door for medical marijuana , with Gov. Andrew Cuomo to take executive action to let select hospitals dispense it to select patients , according to two advocates briefed on the plan . State Assemblyman Richard Gottfried , who has been a leading proponent of more comprehensive legislation for medical marijuana in New York , said he learned about the executive action in a conversation Saturday afternoon with members of the governor 's staff . It paves the way for a "  limited and cumbersome program , " but nonetheless is a step forward on the issue , according to Gottfried . "  I 'm thrilled that the governor has taken this action , " the assemblyman said . "  This is a very key interim step . " News of the governor 's initiative was first reported by The New York Times . Cuomo 's office did not respond Saturday to CNN 's requests for comment on the matter . Medical marijuana is hardly unprecedented in the United States . Twenty states and the District of Columbia now allow it in some form -- among them Colorado , where as of January 1 it 's legal to sell marijuana to those 21 or older -- according to info compiled by the National Conference of State Legislatures .  In addition , Maryland has a limited program for research .  The momentum has picked up of late , with most of these efforts taking effect over the past decade . The states where there is medical marijuana include Connecticut , Vermont and New Jersey , each of which border New York . And yet the Empire State has not joined them . Versions of the Compassionate Care Act pushed by Gottfried have passed the state Assembly , only to stall in the Senate . Cuomo is acting without the legislature 's OK , though what he 's doing is legal , according to Gottfried , whose district includes much of Midtown Manhattan . He explained that the governor is acting on powers granted through a law passed in 1980 in setting the stage for a highly regulated system that 's less liberal than many other medical marijuana setups nationwide . Here 's how it would work , according to Gottfried : Under Cuomo 's directive , the state health department would take charge by setting up the guidelines and picking hospitals that would take part . These hospitals would then have panels of people who decide , on a person-by-person basis , which patients qualify for medical marijuana . It has yet to be determined where the medical marijuana -- or the elements of it that might be dispensed -- will come from , including who might produce it . Gottfried estimated that tens of thousands of people could get medical marijuana by virtue of this policy change , though he insisted it is no substitute for a more complete , far-reaching program . "  Cuomo  can take  this step  without the need for further legislation , " the Manhattan legislator said . "  But to have a truly comprehensive and well-working system will take legislation . " Gabriel Sayegh -- the New York state director for the Drug Policy Alliance , which describes itself as a "  national advocacy leader of drug law reform " -- agrees , saying that it too will push for broader medical marijuana laws in the state . He learned about this latest measure in a call Saturday from the governor 's office , saying the proposal originated there and describing it the same basic way as Gottfried . Even as he pushes for something bigger , Sayegh praised the governor for taking what he called an "  exciting " initial step . "  It 's tremendous , " Sayegh said . "  We applaud him coming out on this . It 's going to help us build momentum to build a permanent program . " CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia reported from New York , and CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Gov. Cuomo is set to act on medical marijuana , advocates briefed on his plan say He 'll take executive action to set up a system where hospitals can distribute pot Advocates are excited about the plan , but say comprehensive legislation still needed 20 states -- including New Jersey , Vermont , Connecticut -- allow medical marijuana
CNN  -- Pope Francis is a first in many ways . He 's the first Latin American pontiff ; the first Jesuit ; the first Francis -- and the first non-European in 1,272 years . The last time someone from outside Europe led the Roman Catholic Church was the year 741 . That 's when Pope Gregory III , born in Syria , ended his 10-year reign . Before him , there were popes from Bethlehem  St. Evaristus , from 97 to 105  , Jerusalem  Pope Theodore I , from 642 to 649  and modern-day Libya  Saint Victor I , from 189 to 199  . And , of course , the church counts Peter , disciple of Jesus from the Holy Land , as the first pope . Several other Syrians have also served as pontiff . The majority of popes have been Italian . Over the centuries , the length of reign has varied widely . Pope Pius IX reigned the longest , more than 31 years , from 1846 to 1878 . See the longest-reigning popes The record for shortest reign goes to Pope Urban VII , who served for 13 days in 1590 . See the shortest-reigning popes	It was 741 when someone from outside Europe last led the Roman Catholic Church That 's when Pope Gregory III , born in Syria , ended his 10-year reign That 's just one of several unusual things about the new Pope Francis
CNN  -- For more than a decade of my life , I struggled with debilitating anxiety , panic attacks and depression . And , like millions of people around the world , I longed to discover a magic pill to cure my ills and promise me nirvana . But , despite taking many medications , ongoing psychotherapy , electroconvulsive therapy  ECTs  , hospitalizations and failed suicide attempts , wellness remained a distant dream . The anti-anxiety medications and antidepressants worsened my symptoms , and made me more agitated , depressed and suicidal . And I was utterly confused why the medications that were supposed to alleviate my symptoms exacerbated them instead . Staring out of the fifth-floor hospital window one day after yet another failed suicide attempt , I promised to take charge of my life and create a life of wellness . I was sick and tired of being a chronically mentally ill patient . I just wanted to be well . Most of all , I wanted to be able to take my little girl to school , play with her in the park , and tuck her to bed at night with her favorite story . Somewhere deep in my soul , I was convinced that the medications were making me sicker instead of helping me heal . So , despite my fears and those of my family , I decided to listen to my inner wisdom and wean myself off all medications under the supervision of my psychiatrist and explore holistic pathways to health and wellness . Transcendental meditation When a medical resident at the hospital suggested I try transcendental meditation to manage my anxiety and depression , I did . Ironically , it was an American teacher , Pat , who taught me this life-affirming practice that had originated in India , my country of birth . I still remember sitting cross-legged on a Persian carpet across from Pat , in the dining-room-turned-shrine in her home . While Pat sat still , Buddha-like , eyes closed , breath steady , body relaxed , face serene , my breath was erratic , my eyelids fluttered like the wings of a hummingbird , and my "  monkey mind " ran amok . But , one day , one breath at a time , I learned how to sit still . Despite my mind 's tendency to wander , like a mother lovingly guiding her wayward child back to its task I learned to gently guide my mind back to its still center . There , I discovered an oasis of energy , creativity , and restful calm . In time , meditation offered me a sacred space to reflect on my life , and taught me to become an observer of my thoughts and emotions instead of getting entangled in them . Eventually , the daily practice of meditation helped me regulate my emotions and live each moment with mindfulness . Ultimately , meditation set me free from the limitations of my suffering , and awakened me to a life filled with eternal possibilities . Exercise During a visit , my psychiatrist recommended I start exercising , and educated me about the benefits of exercise in managing my anxiety and depression and promoting overall well-being . I joined a health club and started working out three times a week , attended aerobics and yoga classes and trained with free weights . I fell in love with my yoga classes . They relaxed and rejuvenated my mind , body , and spirit . Having never been athletic , I was surprised to find that exercise energized me and elevated my mood . It also provided a much-needed reprieve from my duties as a mother and homemaker , and helped me create a social network outside of my family . Cognitive behavioral therapy Although I was highly skeptical about how talking with a therapist could help me heal , it transformed my life . For the first time in my life , Dr. Lin , my therapist , explained how our thoughts , feelings , moods and behavior were interwoven , and taught me how to identify negative , self-defeating thoughts and replace them with positive , life-affirming thoughts . She also taught me how to regulate my breathing to manage my anxiety , and self-talk to break through the vicious cycle of depressive ruminations and suicidal ideation . She recommended I read "  Feeling Good " by Dr. David Burns , which further reinforced the skills she taught , and served as a workbook for my life . Difficult at first , with practice the cognitive behavioral skills gradually became autonomous as breathing . Albert Einstein once said , "  The world we have created is a product of our thinking ; it can not be changed without changing our thinking . " The tools of cognitive behavioral therapy , in essence , helped change my thinking , and , therefore , my world . Over the past 24 years , I have learned that wellness does not come encapsulated in a pill ; rather , it encompasses the way I live . The consistent practice of transcendental meditation , exercise , and cognitive behavioral therapy have helped me thrive in life despite recurrent bouts of anxiety and depression . Depression is no longer a demon I fear , it is a teacher whose wisdom I seek . The opinions expressed are solely those of Gayathri Ramprasad .	Gayathri Ramprasad "  was sick and tired of being a chronically mentally ill patient " She says medications were exacerbating her depression and anxiety Depression is "  no longer a demon I fear , " Ramprasad says
CNN  -- A Florida man was arrested on suspicion of trying to hire someone to kill an Internal Revenue Service agent who was investigating him , prosecutors said Thursday . Randy Nowak , 48 , of Mulberry , Florida , is charged with attempting to murder an employee of the United States related to the performance of her official duties , said Robert E. O'Neill , U.S. attorney for Florida 's middle district . If convicted , Nowak would face a maximum of 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 , O'Neill 's office said in a news release . Authorities said Nowak , who owns a Polk County , Florida , construction company named RJ Nowak Enterprises Inc. , met with an undercover FBI agent who was posing as a hit man Tuesday . Nowak gave the undercover person $ 10,000 as a down payment to kill the IRS agent , authorities said . Nowak also asked the undercover agent if he would be willing to burn down the IRS office in Lakeland , Florida , prosecutors said . "  The FBI considers threats of violence against United States government employees due to their enforcement and/or investigative activities very serious matters , " Steven Ibison , FBI special agent in charge , said in the news release . The IRS agent had been investigating Nowak 's personal and professional tax liability , prosecutors said .	Florida man targeted IRS agent who was investigating him , officials say Prosecutors : Man met undercover FBI agent , thinking agent was a hit man Man made $ 10,000 down payment to undercover agent , authorities say If convicted , man could get up to 20 years in prison
