CNN  New Zealand police have revealed a threat to contaminate infant formula and other dairy formula with poison , in an apparent attempt to blackmail the government over its pest control policies . Police appealed for public help to find the alleged blackmailer , at a press conference in Wellington Tuesday . They revealed an investigation had been underway since November , when anonymous letters were sent to giant dairy cooperative Fonterra and a farmers ' lobby group . The letters were accompanied by small packages of milk powder containing a concentrated form of 1080  sodium fluoroacetate  , a poison used by New Zealand 's Department of Conservation to control introduced pest species such as possums and rats . The letters threatened to contaminate infant and other formula with 1080 unless New Zealand stopped using the poison for pest control by the end of March , police said in a statement . The letters said the threat would be made public if the demand was not met . New Zealand 's heavy use of 1080 -- it uses about 80 % of the world 's manufactured stocks , according the country 's Environmental Protection Agency -- has been a controversial issue , with conservationists and farmers generally supporting the measure , and some hunters and animal rights activists opposed . Primary Industries Minister Nathan Guy said the threat amounted to "  eco-terrorism . " Prime Minister John Key said at a press conference that police had advised that there was a low likelihood of the threat being carried out . Meanwhile , government officials said supplies of formula had not been contaminated , and urged consumers to continue using the products . "  We are confident that New Zealand infant and other formula is just as safe today as it was before this threat was made , " said Scott Gallacher , Deputy Director-General of the Ministry for Primary Industries . "  People should keep using it as they always have . " He said more than 40,000 samples had been taken without finding a trace of 1080 , and food security measures had also been boosted in response . These included a strengthened security measures in retail stores and a boosted presence at manufacturing sites , and enhanced milk and product testing , including the introduction of a test for 1080 . "  This criminal threat is designed to cause fear in order to generate a political outcome . It is using food as a vehicle but should not undermine confidence in our world-class food safety system or in any manufacturer , " he said . He urged consumers to check formula packaging for any signs of tampering as a result of the threat . Police said an Auckland-based investigation team was pursuing a number of lines of inquiry in locating the source of the threat , but the time was right to appeal to the public . "  Whilst there is a possibility that this threat is a hoax , we must treat the threat seriously and a priority investigation is underway , " said Deputy Commissioner Mike Clement . "  You might be aware of someone who has strong views on the 1080 issue and made threats , or has discussed how to access supplies of 1080 . " He also called on the alleged blackmailer to come forward . "  The letter writer may not have really considered the implications of their actions when this communication was drafted . Now is the time to put this right by picking up the phone and calling us . " Blackmail carries a maximum sentence of 14 years jail in New Zealand . New Zealand is the world 's leading dairy exporter , and dairy cooperative Fonterra is the country 's biggest company , with revenue of $ 16.3 billion last year . CEO Theo Spierings described the threat in a press conference as "  a despicable crime . " The global diary giant has been beset by problems before , most recently in 2013 , when it ordered a global recall of products -- including infant formula -- after fears they might contain bacteria that could cause botulism . The fears proved unfounded , as the bacteria detected was not a botulism-causing strain . New Zealand Infant Formula Exporters Association chairman Michael Barnett said eyes were now on the response to the threat in key markets such as China , the biggest consumer of New Zealand dairy exports . "  This could be extremely damaging for New Zealand 's exports offshore , " he told CNN affiliate TVNZ . "  Our whole reputation as an exporter of food is at risk because of this nutter . " Trading in all New Zealand-listed dairy companies was halted Tuesday with the announcement of the threat . CNN 's Charles Riley contributed to this report .	New Zealand police reveal threat to poison infant formula Letters were sent containing contaminated formula and a demand to government The letters called for government to halt use of 1080 poison in pest control efforts
Dhaka  CNN  Thirty-one people have been killed and more than 7,000 arrested in weeks of political unrest in Bangladesh , as the country 's opposition mounts mass protests demanding fresh parliamentary elections . The dead were mainly killed by arson attacks on buses and cars , police said . The two most recent victims , who died of their injuries in hospital Thursday , were victims of bomb blasts . The opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party  BNP  , along with 19 allied parties , called for general strikes and a nationwide blockade on road , rail and river transport on January 5 , the first anniversary of disputed elections . The BNP and its allies boycotted those elections , with BNP leader and former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia arguing they would have been rigged by the government , and refusing to participate unless they were conducted under a neutral caretaker administration . Her arch rival , Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina of the Awami League , refused to concede to the demands and coasted to victory . More than half of the parliament 's 300 seats went uncontested . Voting was conducted under neutral caretaker governments in Bangladesh from 1991 until 2010 , when the system was scrapped by the governing Awami League . Communications Minister Obaidul Quader said Wednesday that at least seven drivers and their assistants on public transport were among those killed in the renewed violence , which has seen 200 buses torched in recent weeks . The government has also blocked Viber , WhatsApp and other messaging apps , which it says are being used to coordinate the protests . Industry Minister Amir Hossain Amu , who heads a government committee on law and order , said security forces have detained some 7,015 people in recent weeks , who are still being held . BNP Secretary General Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir is among those arrested . The BNP claims the true number under arrest is higher . The government is offering a reward of 100,000 taka  $ 1,300  for information leading to the arrest of any of those behind the attacks , Amu said . Bangladesh politics has been dominated by Zia and Hasina for decades , with both enjoying multiple stints in power . Hasina , the daughter of Bangladesh 's first President Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , was first elected prime minister in 1996 , while Zia , widow of assassinated President Ziaur Rahman , first became PM in 1991 . Hasina has blamed Zia for the violence and accused the opposition of trying to foment chaos , while Zia has denied her party is responsible , saying the violence is the work of the government . Both Zia and Hasina have frequently called for mass protests while in opposition . Both their parties had planned rallies on the January 5 anniversary of the 2014 election . After police banned the rallies , the opposition proceeded . Zia was confined to her office by police at the beginning of the protests , which the government said was for her own security . She has since been released .	31 are dead and thousands under arrest after weeks of political unrest in Bangladesh The opposition has called for a mass blockade of transport across the country It is angry that the government prevented 2014 elections being overseen by a neutral caretaker
CNN  -- A JetBlue pilot is n't happy with his employer after being stuck on the tarmac of a Connecticut airport for some eight hours on Saturday . Neither are many of his passengers . Flights from Fort Lauderdale , Florida , to Newark , New Jersey , are usually uneventful -- two-plus hours of flight and then taxi to the gate -- but throw in a freak October snowstorm and it 's a different story . JetBlue Flight 504 departed Fort Lauderdale at 10:07 a.m. ET Saturday -- 32 minutes late . The flight made it to Newark -- just not to the runway , thanks to the weather and was diverted to Bradley International Airport near Hartford , Connecticut . It landed at 1:07 p.m. . What came next was an eight-hour ordeal for passengers -- and crew -- as the plane sat stuck on the tarmac with little food or water . "  I got a problem here on the airplane . I 'm going to need to have the cops onboard , " a flight crew member told the tower in a conversation posted on LiveATC.net , a website that monitors air traffic control conversations . "  I need some air stairs brought over here and the cops brought onboard the airplane . " Passenger Roseann Kozma explained the situation in a phone interview with CNN affiliate WTIC-TV from the plane . "  A couple passengers are fighting and there 's a baby on here that 's been crying the whole time , " she said . "  We can not go to the bathrooms anymore . There 's no running water , " said Todd Bailey , another passenger . "  They tell us that we 're going to be going in soon , going in soon , going in soon -- and it just never happens . " Adding to the frustration and tension were passengers with medical conditions . "  I have a paraplegic that needs to come off , " the pilot said . "  I have a diabetic here that 's got an issue ... I 've just got to get some help . " But the plane was still not at a gate , further frustrating the pilot . "  Look , you know , we ca n't seem to get any help from our own company , " the pilot told the tower . "  I apologize for this , but if there is any way you can get a tug and a tow bar out here to us and get us towed somewhere to a gate or something . I do n't care , take us anywhere . " The pilot , though frustrated , offered thanks to Bradley International officials . "  Listen , I just want to put in my two cents worth in for whatever it worth . Thank you very much , " he said . "  It 's Capt. Thompson over here on  Flight  504 ... I think we 've got more help from you guys than our own people . " The passengers broke into applause when the door finally opened , saying "  Let us out ! Let us out ! Let us out ! " JetBlue apologized for the situation and blamed it on a "  confluence of events , " including intermittent power outages that complicated matters . "  We worked with the airport to secure services , but our flights were six of the 23 reported diversions into Hartford , including international flights  picture big jets carrying hundreds of people  , the airline said on its website . "  Getting all the flights deplaned at the same time in a small airport is not unlike trying to get an elephant into a smart car ; it 's not an easy fit . " Passengers deplaned around 9 p.m. , according to JetBlue .	Plane bound for Newark on Saturday was rerouted to Hartford airport Pilot : Crying baby , fighting , two passengers ' medical conditions ramped up tension "  I 'm going to need to have the cops onboard , " flight crew member told tower JetBlue apologizes , saying weather and size of airport contributed to backlog
CNN  -- A smokejumper in Idaho died in a parachuting accident Friday , according to the Bureau of Land Management . Mark T. Urban of Boise was with the Great Basin Smokejumper Base and was doing a training jump about 45 miles east of Boise , the bureau said in a statement . Urban , 40 , had been with the air-deployed firefighting program for 11 years . It 's believed Urban 's parachute malfunctioned , according to Ken Frederick with the National Interagency Fire Center . Frederick said Urban was "  very experienced , a leader in the program and one of the program 's main trainers . " Urban also put together the training program for rookies . An investigation into the accident is expected to begin on Sunday . Urban 's death is the first smokejumper death since 2000 , Frederick said . According to the Bureau of Land Management 's website , smokejumpers are deployed to help with fire suppression in rural areas . "  Using high-performance aircraft and parachutes , the jumpers ' primary mission is to be first on the scene when fires occur in remote areas . The Boise Smokejumpers can operate out of Boise or virtually any airport with adequate runway length and fueling capabilities , providing a long-range , large-payload , rapid response to an emerging or ongoing fire . " Report on deaths of 19 firefighters ca n't answer some questions	40-year-old Mark Urban died in an accident in Idaho , officials say Urban was with the Great Basin Smokejumper program for 11 years . Urban was a "  very experienced " smokejumper , according to BLM spokesperson . It 's believed Urban 's parachute malfunctioned , officials say
London  CNN  -- Former London mayor Ken Livingstone paid tribute to his "  friend and comrade " Hugo Chavez , calling him the first Venezuelan president to "  put his people before the interests of American oil companies . " Chavez , who died Tuesday , used some of Venezuela 's vast oil wealth to bankroll huge social programs for the poor during his 14-year presidency . Critics , on the other hand , say much of the country 's oil riches were squandered by a corrupt administration more focused on consolidating political power than lifting people out of poverty . Livingstone , nicknamed "  Red Ken " for his socialist leanings , struck a controversial deal in 2007 with Chavez to fuel London 's buses with discounted Venezuelan fuel , in exchange for advice on how to develop Venezuela 's urban infrastructure . While Livingstone used the # 14 million  $ 21m  fuel discount to subsidize buses for the poor in London , his critics say the deal exploited and further impoverished the poor people of Venezuela . His successor , Boris Johnson , promptly cancelled the deal upon taking office in 2008 . Livingstone dismissed criticism of the deal , saying the advice he and his associates gave Venezuela would have cost "  hundreds of millions of pounds " from the private sector , and insisting Chavez only ever had the interests of Venezuelans in mind . "  It 's very few world leaders who remain unchanged , " Livingstone told CNN . "  And it 's hard to think of anyone who has been in power that long who 's carried on looking after the ordinary population rather than enriching themselves . " The former mayor first met Chavez during the Venezuelan leader 's 2006 visit to London and said Chavez 's offer of discounted oil for advice was characteristic of a man who saw himself as more than just the president of Venezuela . He said : "  Chavez saw clearly that his job was to look out for the people of Venezuela , but he also saw that it was a global struggle between the great corporations and the vast mass of the people who get screwed by them . " Livingstone , who would end up travelling to Caracas in 2008 to deliver the advice he promised as part of the oil deal , was taken aback by the "  proper welfare state " Chavez had created through his initiatives . "  I found it amazing the number of 40-year-olds wandering around with braces on their teeth , because there had n't been a dentist when they were a kid , " he said . "  There were little old ladies carrying around copies of the constitution which they could read , because -LSB- under Chavez -RSB- everyone got access to literacy programs . " Calling him a "  pleasure to be with , " Livingstone said Chavez told him he never planned on being a politician - and that Chavez only became more radical following the failed 2002 coup attempt , which he blamed on the U.S. . The coup fell apart within 48 hours and "  El Comandante , " as he is affectionately known in Venezuela , was restored to office . Livingstone , who called Chavez a man with great tales , says the South American leader 's "  best story " was his version of events during the coup . Livingstone said Chavez told him that the generals who sprung the coup did n't want to kill the president themselves , so Chavez claimed three Americans whom he did not identify were flown in to kill him instead . "  Chavez told me that the three Americans were ushered into the room where a sergeant with a machine gun was guarding him . And the sergeant , who was n't stupid , realized that after they killed Chavez they 'd kill him as a witness . And so he turned his gun on the three men and said ` you leave the room or I 'll kill you ' , " Livingstone told CNN . A State Department official categorically denied Chavez 's "  ridiculous " claim and told CNN the U.S. had in fact alerted Chavez to a "  credible assassination plot " on his life in the days before the coup . Souring U.S.-Venezuela relations reached their nadir when Chavez called George W. Bush "  the devil " in a speech in front of the United Nations General Assembly . WATCH : Chavez calls Bush "  the devil " at U.N. "  Coming so close to death -LSB- in 2002 -RSB- really pushed Chavez to the left , " Livingstone said . "  If you think George W. Bush has authorized your assassination , you 're not going to be very friendly about the U.S. after that . "	Livingstone calls Chavez 's death a "  sad loss , " calls him a "  friend and comrade " Ex-mayor of London signed controversial deal for discounted Venezuelan fuel in 2007 Livingstone agreed to advise Chavez in exchange for # 14 million fuel discount Ex-mayor : Chavez saw struggle between "  corporations and people who get screwed by them "
CNN  Forty-three people who came into contact with Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan are now officially cleared after not demonstrating any symptoms during a 21-day monitoring period , Dallas County Judge Clay Jenkins said Monday . One more will be cleared later Monday , and four others will complete their 21-day monitoring period soon , he said . "  Thankfully , they are all asymptomatic , and it looks like none of them will get Ebola , " said Jenkins , who is overseeing response efforts in Dallas . Texas officials ' conflicting numbers The news conflicted with information Jenkins provided to CNN on Sunday indicating that all 48 people would be cleared at midnight . Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings also provided numbers that conflicted with Jenkins ' information from Sunday . Jenkins told CNN that in addition to the 48 people whose quarantine was ending Monday , there were 75 health workers being monitored . Rawlings said 120 people were still being monitored . It was unclear how he came up with that total . Among those in the clear is Duncan 's fiancée , Louise Troh . Monday marks the 21st day since her last contact with Duncan , who was the first person to die of the disease in the United States . "  We are so happy this is coming to an end , and we are so grateful that none of us has shown any sign of illness , " Troh said in a statement Sunday . "  We have lost so much , but we have our lives and we have our faith in God , which always gives us hope . " Texas nurses Nina Pham and Amber Vinson , who helped care for Duncan , remain hospitalized as they battle the virus . Pham is in stable condition at a National Institutes of Health facility in Bethesda , Maryland , according to Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . Vinson is at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . Her family has not given permission to make her condition public . While there are signs of hope in the United States and at least one more country in West Africa -- Nigeria was declared Ebola-free Monday , following an announcement that Senegal is now rid of the virus -- Ebola is still spreading rapidly in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , health officials report . More than 4,500 people have died from the virus in West Africa , according to the World Health Organization , which said the region is still suffering from "  widespread and intense transmission " because patients do n't have access to adequate health care . There 's a social crisis , too . Orphans of victims are often abandoned , their relatives terrified of taking them in . Here 's the latest about the virus from around the world : Ebola czar begins work this week Ron Klain , the former chief of staff to two vice U.S. presidents who has been tapped as the Obama administration 's "  Ebola czar , " will begin his new duties Wednesday , White House press secretary Josh Earnest said . Klain is highly regarded at the White House as a good manager with excellent relationships both in the administration and on Capitol Hill . His supervision of the allocation of funds in the stimulus -- at the time an incredible and complicated government undertaking -- is respected in Washington . He does not have any extensive background in health care -- something many Republicans seized on -- but the job is regarded as a managerial challenge . "  He 's strong . He 's very tough , " said CNN political analyst David Gergen . "  It 's important in this job to be a coordinator ; you have to knock heads together . He 's tough enough to do that . " A former chief of staff to Vice President Joe Biden and also to former Vice President Al Gore , Klain is president of Case Holdings and general counsel of Revolution , an investment group . He has clerked for the U.S. Supreme Court and headed up Gore 's effort during the 2000 Florida recount . Nigeria : Ebola is gone Nigeria was thrust in the Ebola spotlight in July after an infected air traveler introduced the virus to Lagos . The case spurred fears that the disease would spread across the city of 21 million and throughout Africa 's most populous country . In the end , Nigeria confirmed 19 Ebola cases , including seven deaths . The World Health Organization said an aggressive government response and effective contact tracing helped keep the virus in check . "  This is a spectacular success story that shows that Ebola can be contained , " WHO said Monday . "  Such a story can help the many other developing countries that are deeply worried by the prospect of an imported Ebola case , " it said . "  Many wealthy countries , with outstanding health systems , may have something to learn as well . " Nigerian health officials reached 100 % of known contacts in Lagos and 99.8 % at the second outbreak site in Port Harcourt , WHO said . And unlike in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- the combined epicenter of the outbreak -- all identified contacts in Nigeria were physically monitored every day for 21 days , the agency said . The few who tried to escape the monitoring system were tracked down and returned to finish their required monitoring period . For WHO to declare an Ebola outbreak over , a country must pass 42 days with active surveillance in place , supported by good diagnostic capacity , and with no new cases detected , the agency said . The 42-day period is also twice the maximum incubation period for Ebola . Doctors Without Borders : Worker has recovered A worker with the international organization Doctors Without Borders announced Monday that a staffer in Norway who contracted Ebola in West Africa and was treated in Europe is now free of the virus . He has been discharged from care , according to Doctors Without Borders ' London office . The organization is not releasing any more information , including the staffer 's name or plans , citing patient confidentiality . Spain : Nurse 's aide free of Ebola Teresa Romero Ramos , who had contracted Ebola after caring for a patient with the deadly disease , is now free of the virus , Spain 's Special Ebola Committee said Sunday . A third test came back negative after two earlier tests showed the levels of Ebola in her system were almost nil . Romero has recovered enough to produce antibodies , virus expert Luis Enjuanes told CNN . But she 'll stay in the hospital for days , possibly a few weeks , to recover , Enjuanes said . U.N. worker dies An employee with the United Nations ' entity for gender equality , U.N. Women , died over the weekend from Ebola , spokesman Stephane Dujarric said Monday . The staffer worked for the organization in Sierra Leone , and the worker 's spouse is receiving treatment for the virus , according to Dujarric . CNN 's Al Goodman , Joshua Berlinger , Eliott C. McLaughlin and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	U.N. staffer who worked in Sierra Leone has died of Ebola ; spouse being treated Doctors Without Borders staffer treated for Ebola is free of virus , group says Quarantine period over for 43 of 48 people , Dallas County judge says WHO : Nigeria is free of Ebola after 19 cases and seven deaths
CNN  -- A couple of Colorado women were recuperating after a moose attack northwest of Denver over the weekend . They were walking their dogs in the city of Black Hawk when the encounter took place , the Gilpin County Sheriff 's Office said . "  All of a sudden , I looked up and he was looking right at me and grunted and then charged , " Jackqueline Boron told CNN affiliate KDVR . "  I tried to get up , and he kept coming back and stomping on me . " "  When I fell back he got me here , " Boron said , pointing to her arm . "  Then , when I curled up forward , that 's when he got me on the head . " The attack left Boron with staples in the back of her head , 15 stitches on her leg and four broken ribs , KDVR reported . Ellen Marie Divis was also stomped on by the moose , but was able to get away to find help . "  I heard ` help me , help me , help me , ' " neighbor Chris Hockley told KDVR . "  This lady comes running up to her house and she 's covered in blood . " The sheriff 's office issued a warning after the attack . "  If you encounter a moose : walk away from it -- DO NOT walk towards it ; moose are agitated by dogs ; make sure your dog is on a leash , control the dog  s  and walk away , " the warning said . Lesson learned , Boron said -- do n't mess with a moose . "  Do n't hike  when  you know ... there 's moose out there . " Maine couple attacked by moose Bear attacks jogger at Alaska Air Force base	The women were walking their dogs when the moose attacked Jackqueline Boron was hospitalized with broken ribs , cuts and bruises The sheriff 's office issues a warning on moose encounters
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A U.S. destroyer has entered Somali territorial waters in pursuit of a Japanese-owned ship loaded with benzene that was hijacked by pirates over the weekend , military officials said Monday . The destroyer USS Porter , shown in 2006 , sank pirate skiffs tied to the stern of the hijacked vessel . The guided-missile destroyer USS Arleigh Burke entered Somali waters with the permission of the troubled transitional government in Mogadishu , U.S. officials said . In recent years , warships have stayed outside the 12-mile limit when chasing pirates . The ongoing operation was confirmed to CNN by two military officials familiar with the details . Gunmen aboard two skiffs hijacked the Panamanian-flagged Golden Mori off the Socotra archipelago , near the Horn of Africa , said Andrew Mwangura , a spokesman for Kenya 's Seafarers ' Assistance Programme . The Golden Mori radioed for help Sunday night . The Burke 's sister ship , the USS Porter , opened fire and sank the pirate skiffs tied to its stern before the Burke took over shadowing the hijacked vessel . When the shots were fired , it was not known the ship was filled with highly flammable benzene . U.S. military officials indicate there is a great deal of concern about the cargo because it is so sensitive . Benzene , which U.S. authorities have declared a known human carcinogen , is used as a solvent and to make plastics and synthetic fabrics . U.S. and NATO warships have been patrolling off the Horn of Africa for several years in an effort to crack down on piracy off Somalia , where a U.N.-backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after 15 years of near-anarchy . In June , the destroyer USS Carter Hall fired warning shots in an attempt to stop a hijacked Danish cargo ship off Somalia , but the American vessel had to turn away when the pirated ship entered Somali waters . In May , a U.S. Navy advisory warned merchant ships to stay at least 200 miles off the Somali coast . But the U.S. Maritime Administration said pirates sometimes issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore . The pirates are often armed with automatic rifles and shoulder-fired rockets , according to a recent warning from the agency . "  To date , vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding , while those that slow down are boarded , taken to the Somali coastline and released after successful ransom payment , often after protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks , " it advised . The agency issued a new warning to sailors in the Gulf of Aden , between Somalia and Yemen , after Sunday 's hijacking was reported . E-mail to a friend	Sources : U.S. destroyer has entered Somali territorial waters to pursue ship Pirates hijack ship carrying benzene off Somalia ; benzene is highly flammable U.S. destroyer working with permission of Somalia government
CNN  The white-haired woman 's face beams as the camera gets closer to her face . She 's sitting on a couch , with a University of Oklahoma shirt draped behind her and a rap song playing in the background . Suddenly , the words spew from her pink-painted lips : "  Ni **** , ni **** , ni **** , ni **** , ni **** , ni **** , ni ***** ! " The release of the Vine video , featuring the house mother of the campus ' Sigma Alpha Epsilon chapter , could n't come at a worse time -- just days after video surfaced of frat members singing a racist song . But Beauton Gilbow , the fraternity 's house mother , insists she 's not racist . And two black alumni of the fraternity house agree with the woman they call "  Mom B. " "  I have been made aware that a video of me that is circulating on social media and in the news , " Gilbow said in a statement . "  I am heartbroken by the portrayal that I am in some way racist . I have friends of all race and do not tolerate any form of discrimination in my life . The song in the background was the sound of "  All Gold Everything " from Trinidad James -- a black , Atlanta-based rapper . "  I was singing along to a Trinidad song , but completely understand how the video must appear in the context of the events that occurred this week . " William Bruce James II , the most recent black member at the fraternity chapter , said no one should use the n-word in any context -- even if it 's just a song . "  That word needs to die , " James told CNN Tonight . "  With that being said , I do n't believe that Mom B. has hatred in her heart . I was there with her for four years . She took great care of me ... she cared about me , she cares about my family . She had pictures of me , my wife , my children on the entryway table in that house . Mom B means a lot to me . " James said he has reached to Mom B. after the Oklahoma Daily newspaper posted the clip , which was shot in 2013 . "  I essentially said , ` Hey , do n't ever use that word again , even in a song . But from me , you 're forgiven . ' " Black OU SAE alumnus : ` They are not my brothers ' Jonathon Davis , the first African-American member of the campus ' SAE chapter , also defended "  Mom B. " "  I would n't even hesitate for a split second to say that Mom B. is undoubtedly not a racist , " Davis said . "  I see her as being caught up in the moment . She does like to mix it up socially , and she likes to have fun with the guys and their dates they bring over to the house . And I see this as maybe her getting caught away with the moment . " OU 's Sigma Alpha Epsilon chapter unraveled this week after video showed frat brothers singing about excluding black students and alluding to lynching . "  There will never be a ni **** SAE , " some chanted . "  You can hang him from a tree , but he can never sign with me . There will never be a ni **** SAE . " Two students expelled over racist chant After the fraternity chapter was suspended -- but before her own video was publicized -- Gilbow told CNN affiliate KOCO-TV that she was blindsided by the controversy . "  I feel like the rug has been pulled out from under me , " she said . "  This has been my life for 15 years . And it 's tough . " In the end , the SAE chapter was forced to close . Two students have been expelled . And it 's not clear what the next chapter is for Mom B. Opinion : Are frats ' a form of American apartheid ' ? CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Beauton Gilbow says she was singing along to a song but understands how the video must appear 2 African-American alumni of the chapter say "  Mom B " is not a racist "  I am heartbroken by the portrayal that I am in some way racist , " house mom Gilbow says
CNN  A convicted drug dealer who 's already behind bars has been charged in the May 2012 slaying of a Fox executive . John Lenzie Creech , 42 , is scheduled to be arraigned on Monday , the Los Angeles County District 's Attorney 's Office said . He 's accused of killing Gavin Smith , a Fox entertainment executive whose remains were found in a shallow grave last year -- more than two years after he vanished . The Fox executive 's black Mercedes-Benz 420E was found in 2013 in a storage facility that was connected to Creech , prosecutors said . Creech is serving an eight-year jail sentence after pleading no contest to selling a controlled substance . He told a reporter for the Los Angeles Times that he 'd never met Smith . Smith was an 18-year veteran of 20th Century Fox 's distribution department , serving as a liaison between the studio and movie theaters , according to The Hollywood Reporter . Smith , a former UCLA basketball player , was last seen alive in May 2012 , when he left a friend 's house . After he went missing , his family offered a $ 20,000 reward for information to help find him . It took nearly two and a half years before hikers walking a dog stumbled upon his remains in a remote area north of Los Angeles . Authorities have said they believe they know how and why Smith was killed , but they have n't revealed details . "  We have witnesses that are paramount to the case , " Lt. Dave Dolson of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said last year . "  There was evidence in the car that indicated he was killed in the car . " CNN 's Cheri Mossburg and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	John Lenzie Creech is scheduled to be arraigned on Monday , prosecutors say Authorities say Fox executive Gavin Smith 's car was found in a storage facility linked to Creech Smith went missing in May 2012 ; his remains were found in a shallow grave last year
CNN  -- Ole Gunnar Solskjaer rescued Manchester United in 1999 to help the club win the Champions League , and he has now been charged with the task of saving Cardiff City from relegation into English football 's second tier . The 40-year-old Norwegian famously came off the substitutes ' bench for United in Barcelona to score the winner in stoppage time , giving them a 2-1 victory against Bayern Munich -- a win that wrapped up the Treble for Alex Ferguson 's men . Cardiff 's Malaysian owner Vincent Tan will be hoping Solskjaer , who has been given a 12-month rolling contract , can work similar magic for the struggling Welsh side after appointing the former Molde boss as Malky Mackay 's successor on Thursday . Cardiff , who lost 2-0 to Arsenal on Wednesday , currently sit one point and one place above the English Premier League relegation zone . Solskjaer , who attended the match at the Emirates Stadium alongside Tan , promised the Cardiff fans a positive brand of football . "  I 'm really looking forward to the challenge ahead . I 'm going to bring my energy and enthusiasm to the club , " he told reporters . "  I 'm a very positive manager . I want to play a good style of football and yesterday -LSB- against Arsenal -RSB- we showed what a threat we can be . " Solskjaer added : "  It 's a fantastic challenge for me . Cardiff are ready to take the next step up , I hope I can help them . I 've always dreamed of being a manager in the Premier League and I 'm delighted to get the opportunity . " Although he has no prior managerial experience in England , having only previously taken charge of Molde , Solskjaer did have a spell coaching United 's reserves shortly after hanging up his boots . The 40-year-old is set to make a return to Old Trafford -- where he spent 11 years as a player -- when Cardiff face United on January 28 . Solskjaer 's side also face a trip to Manchester City 10 days before that , while his first game in charge sees Cardiff visit Newcastle on Saturday in the FA Cup third round . The FA Cup is England 's second major competition . "  We 've got some of the toughest trips in world football coming up this month . They 're games we 'll relish and look forward to , " Solskjaer said . "  We want to push this club forward and up the Premier League . The quality of the staff and players is high here . " Cardiff chairman Mehmet Dalman was given the task of recruiting a new manager after Tan decided to sack Mackay last month . "  There was only one name in my head from the very beginning . We 're delighted to welcome Ole to Cardiff , " Dalman told reporters . "  I 've seen Ole play for many , many years . I like his style of football and his ideas on the game . He is an extremely good communicator . Common sense , pragmatic discussions and trust were the key in bringing Ole here . "	Cardiff appoints Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as its new manager Solskjaer succeeds Malky Mackay , who was sacked last month It is his first managerial job in England after coaching Molde in Norway
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A series of bombings rocked Iraq 's capital within one hour Wednesday , killing at least 95 people and wounding 563 others , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . People gather outside the Iraqi Foreign Ministry on Wednesday in a residential area in Baghdad . The six explosions marked the country 's deadliest day since the United States pulled its combat troops from Iraqi cities and towns nearly two months ago and left security in the hands of the Iraqis . In one attack , a truck bomb exploded outside the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . The blast blew through the front of the building , sending some vehicles flying and leaving others in mangled twists of metal in the area , which is just outside the restricted International Zone , also known as the Green Zone . Nearby , Iraqi security forces stood with shocked expressions as ambulances screamed past . More photos of Baghdad 's deadly day " Another truck bomb went off outside the Ministry of Finance building . In central Baghdad , a roadside bomb exploded on Kifa Street , and another bomb exploded in the Salhiya neighborhood , where on Tuesday security forces had avoided injuries by successfully defusing a truck bomb . Wednesday 's other two bombs exploded in eastern Baghdad 's Beirut Square , officials said . "  The terrorism attacks that took place today require , without a doubt , the re-evaluation of our plans and our security mechanisms to face the challenges of terrorism , " Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said in a written statement . U.S. Ambassador to Iraq Chris Hill and Gen. Ray Odierno , the top U.S. commander in Iraq , issued a joint statement condemning the bombings . "  The horrific injuries and loss of life witnessed in Baghdad today are terrorist attacks that serve no legitimate purpose , " they said . The attacks "  will not deter Iraqis from continuing their efforts to build a peaceful and prosperous society and engage the international community , nor will they weaken our resolve to help them in their efforts , " they added . Two people believed to be connected to the bombings have been arrested , an official with the Iraqi army told CNN . The two suspects were driving in a car rigged with explosives before they were arrested by Iraqi Security Forces , the official said . The two suspects were believed to be al Qaeda in Iraq senior leaders , the official said . The United States pulled its combat troops from Iraqi cities and towns on June 30 , leaving security responsibilities to the Iraqis . The U.S. military remains in a training and advisory capacity in those areas and continues to conduct combat operations outside cities and towns . Since then , al-Maliki has ordered his government to remove the concrete blast walls that line Baghdad 's streets and surround whole neighborhoods . The order does not cover the Green Zone -- which houses Iraqi government buildings and the U.S. Embassy -- or military installations , government institutions , hotels and some private companies . The government has also removed some checkpoints , including one on the road where the bombing near the Ministry of Foreign Affairs occurred . That checkpoint had contained bomb-detection equipment . Major incidents of violence in Iraq since 2008 include : CNN 's Arwa Damon and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Iraqi prime minister says attacks require "  re-evaluation " of security plans Death toll from six Baghdad blasts rises to 95 ; hundreds injured Attacks make Wednesday the deadliest day since Iraqis took charge of security Two men believed to be al Qaeda in Iraq senior leaders arrested , official says
CNN  -- It 's not easy carrying the burden of a sports-mad nation 's lofty expectations of world-beating dominance on your shoulders , especially on home soil , but Richie McCaw did it -- with a broken foot . Battered and bruised , and knowing that the All Blacks ' other iconic star player , Dan Carter , had already been ruled out for the rest of the 2011 Rugby World Cup , McCaw soldiered on for three crucial matches -- four hours of on-field punishment He hid the extent of his injury from fans , media , his coaches and teammates to keep alive his dream of being the first New Zealand captain to lift the Webb Ellis trophy for almost a quarter of a century . "  The team had been number one in the world , or close to it , for a lot of years during the disappointment of not winning it , " McCaw told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  We had a team that was good enough , but it does n't mean anything when you get to a tournament like that , if you do n't put it on the field where it counts . "  There was heartache along the way , but the appreciation of what you 've done ... I certainly appreciated it . The first emotions were sheer relief that we 'd finally been able to knock it off . Had we not gone through that , maybe it would n't mean as much as it did . " When it comes to rugby , New Zealanders expect victory . Nothing else will do . Defeat is rare -- and as painful as the body blows that are routine for those who play one of the world 's most physically demanding sports . The traditional Maori war dance that the All Blacks perform before every match -- known as "  the Haka " -- is one of the most fearsome , and highly anticipated , sights on the international rugby stage . "  It is something very unique to New Zealand , " McCaw said . "  It 's who we are and were we come from ... a little island way down south , a long way from anywhere . It 's a pretty powerful symbol of what the All Blacks and New Zealand is all about . " So it was a matter of great national hurt that the All Blacks had not been world champions since winning the inaugural tournament in 1987 , also at home . "  Up until the  2011  World Cup , everyone acknowledged , "  Ah the All Blacks are great , ' but there was always a ` but ' -- I suppose because they had n't won the World Cup . To not have that ` but ' anymore was pretty satisfying , " McCaw said . McCaw knows all about winning . Having become first All Black to achieve a century of Test appearances during the 2011 World Cup , this year he reached 100 victories from just 112 appearances -- a phenomenal strike rate . He suffered heartbreak in 2003 , losing in the World Cup semifinals to arch-rivals Australia , and in 2007 the All Blacks crashed out ignominiously against France in the quarterfinals , leading McCaw to reconsider his future as captain . Instead of making wholesale changes , the New Zealanders regrouped and went into the 2011 tournament -- once again -- as hot favorites . McCaw reached his century of caps in the third pool game against France , but his foot problem ruled him out of the match against Canada -- and international rugby 's record points scorer Carter , who was to replace him as captain , then suffered a tournament-ending injury in training . "  I did n't know what to say to Dan , " McCaw recalls in his autobiography "  The Open Side . " "  Here 's a guy , a decent humble man , acknowledged to be the best of his generation , perhaps of any generation , who 's been crocked at the top of his game just when he 's about to perform on the biggest stage . "  I 've had the odd moment since Dan went down this afternoon where I thought , ` Jesus , it could be the two of us . ' But sitting with Dan , I know that it ca n't be me now . Ca n't happen . No moaning about my foot . Unlike Dan , I 've still got a chance of playing and somehow , any old how , that 's what I 've got to do . " McCaw returned for the quarterfinal against Argentina , in which teammate Mils Muliaina became the second All Black to win 100 caps but then went off with a fractured shoulder . The injury crisis was mounting , and McCaw had his own worries . "  If I have to jump or run or push or tackle , I can do it -- adrenaline 's a great painkiller . But when play stops and I have to walk or jog to a lineout or scrum 20 meters away , I 'm really struggling . " he says in his book . McCaw played the full 80 minutes in a 20-6 crushing of Australia , then held on to the bittersweet end in a nerve-wracking 8-7 win over France in the title decider -- a rematch of the 1987 final that he had watched as a boy . "  I was about age 6 and watching it on TV . The image that I have in my head is John Kirwan scoring one of the tries , " he said . "  That sort of stuck with me I suppose . I thought it would be pretty cool to be like him . " While Kirwan was one of New Zealand 's star backs , McCaw would go on to follow in the rugged boot prints of legendary forwards such Wayne Shelford , Michael Jones and Josh Kronfeld . He has been named world player of the year three times , drawing both respect and anger from opponents and critics for his uncanny ability to tread the fine line between smart thinking and illegal play -- as did one of his predecessors as skipper , 1987 World Cup winner Sean Fitzpatrick . Having finally landed New Zealand 's holy grail , McCaw is hoping to play at the next World Cup in England in 2015 , when he 'll be 35 . But after a long career as one of the most dynamic and influential forwards in rugby , it 's time to take a break -- a six-month sabbatical in which he plans to get away from it all . He has plenty of incentive to come back stronger -- his last match was a shock defeat to England last month which ended the All Blacks ' 20-match unbeaten run . "  I hope having the time off will make me play a bit longer . So I 'm taking it before I desperately need it , with the hope I 'll come back fresh mentally and physically , " he said . "  I 'm pretty keen to get away and have a look at places I 've have n't been before and where rugby is not something people know too much about . That 's part of what wears you down a little bit , when you are living in fishbowl like you do in New Zealand , and it 's just nice to have a bit of time to be anonymous . " McCaw has hinted that he will head to the U.S. and indulge his other passion -- flying . His grandfather was a fighter pilot during World War Two , and he has continued the family interest , being named an honorary squadron leader in the New Zealand Air Force . He flies planes , helicopters and gliders , and has even narrated an aviation TV program . "  Dad flies , his brothers fly , a couple of my cousins fly , my aunty flies . We 've got flying in common . When I go home to the old man we sit and talk way more about flying than rugby , " McCaw says in "  The Open Side . " "  Gliding teaches you that you 've got to be prepared as you possibly can for whatever contingencies of terrain and weather might eventuate when you 're up there . At the same time , you have to acknowledge that no matter how much you prepare , no matter how thorough you are , you ca n't anticipate everything that Nature and Fate throw at you . " When he returns from his sabbatical in mid-2013 , McCaw knows that the rugby world will be trying to knock him and the All Blacks off their pedestal . "  A lot of people ask me what 's left to achieve or why do you still want to play . I guess you readjust the challenges , " he told CNN . "  You have the tag of world champions for four years -- you try to live up to that every time . I know what it 's like , I 've tried to knock off the world champs the following year . "  If we have that sort of goal , that sort of attitude , hopefully we will keep that level where it needs to be . "	Richie McCaw is second New Zealander to lead All Blacks to Rugby World Cup title He played through the last three games of the 2011 tournament with a broken foot McCaw is taking a six-month sabbatical from rugby in order to extend his playing career The 31-year-old is hoping to explore his other passion of flying gliders and planes
Uruguay international Edinson Cavani signed a five-year deal with French champions Paris Saint-Germain Tuesday -- for a reported French record fee of euro 64 million  $ 84 million  . Striker Cavani , nicknamed "  El Matador " for his flamboyant style on the pitch , joins PSG from Napoli , where he was Serie A top scorer last season with 29 goals . He was unveiled at an official press conference in the French capital and said the prospect of joining the Qatari-backed side proved irresistible . "  I had three spectacular years in Naples , but here I am joining a very ambitious project , " Cavani told PSG 's official Twitter feed . His signing underlines PSG 's determination to match the spending of Ligue 1 rivals Monaco , who have been taken over by Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev . Since being promoted to the French top flight at the end of last season , Monaco have invested heavily in players , most notably Colombian striker Radamel Falcoa . That deal , worth a reported euros 60 million  $ 78 million  was also a record as he signed from La Liga side Atletico Madrid . But PSG 's acquisition of the 26-year-old Cavani will see him pair up with former Napoli teammate Ezequiel Lavezzi , of Argentina , in a formidable striking partnership . "  The transfer of Edinson Cavani is further proof of the club 's ability to attract the best players in the world , " PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi told their official website . PSG , who were to prove David Beckham 's final club , won the French title last season under the stewardship of Carlo Ancelotti . He has left to coach Real Madrid , but his replacement Laurent Blanc will not lack resources to mount a sustained challenge for the European Champions League next season . They have also expressed their determination to hold on to Brazilian star Thiago Silva , who has been strongly linked with a move to Spanish giants Barcelona . Silva 's agent , Paulo Tonieto , told PSG 's official website : "  Thiago is a PSG player . He has a contract and he will respect it . "  The rumors are the same as the ones last year but Thiago Silva is a PSG player and he 'll see out his contract with his club . " Cavani , who helped Uruguay to Copa America glory in 2011 , has long been a target for a host of Europe 's leading clubs and with 38 goals in just 43 matches for Napoli in all competitions last season his price tag rose .	Edinson Cavani signs for Paris-Saint Germain Five year deal for Uruguay international striker Signs from Napoli where he was Serie A top scorer last season Qatari-backed PSG reigning French champions
CNN  -- On July 23 , 1969 , as Apollo 11 hurtled back towards Earth , there was a problem -- a problem only a kid could solve . At age 10 , Greg Force reaches his arm into a tiny hole to fix an antenna crucial to Apollo 11 . It sounds like something out of a movie , but that 's what it came down to as Apollo 11 sped back towards Earth after landing on the moon in 1969 . It was around 10:00 at night on July 23 , and 10-year-old Greg Force was at home with his mom and three brothers . His father , Charles Force , was at work . Charles Force was the director of the NASA tracking station in Guam , where the family was living . The Guam tracking station was to play a critical role in the return of Apollo 11 to Earth . A powerful antenna there connected NASA communications with Apollo 11 , and the antenna was the only way for NASA to make its last communications with the astronauts before splashdown . But at the last minute on that night , a bearing in the antenna failed , rendering it nearly useless . To properly replace the bearing would have required dismantling the entire antenna , and there was simply no time . So Charles Force thought of a creative solution : If he could get more grease around the failed bearing , it would probably be fine . The only problem was , nobody at the station had an arm small enough to actually reach in through the two-and-a-half inch opening and pack grease around the bearing . And that 's when Greg was called in to save the day . Charles Force sent someone out to his home to pick up Greg . Once at the tracking station , Greg reached into the tiny hole and packed grease around the failed bearing . It worked , and the station was able to successfully complete its communications role in the mission . Apollo 11 splashed down safely the next day . At the time , Greg did n't think what he was doing was a big deal , and 40 years later , he 's still modest about his role in the mission . "  That 's all I did , was put my hand in and put grease on it , " he says . If he had n't been there , NASA would not have been able to make its last communications with the mission before splashdown , but Greg says "  it was n't life or death , -LSB- from -RSB- my understanding . " "  My dad explained to me why it was important , " he says , "  but it kind of caught me by surprise afterwards , all the attention . " iReport.com : Read Greg 's firsthand account That attention came from the media and even the astronauts themselves . Greg 's small but important part in Apollo 11 was a story told by news outlets around the world . He even got a nice thank-you note from Neil Armstrong , whom he met when Armstrong went on a tour of NASA stations with the other astronauts to thank the staff after the mission . "  To Greg , " reads the note , which Armstrong wrote on a newspaper clipping of Greg 's story , "  with thanks for your help on Apollo 11 . Neil Armstrong . " Perhaps not surprisingly , like many other kids who grew up during the Apollo era , Greg dreamed of becoming an astronaut . He says he remembers visiting his dad 's office to listen to astronauts communicating with NASA officials on the ground . "  We could sit and listen to the actual communication with the astronauts as it was happening , and it was hard to understand , but I loved to do that , " he says . "  On Guam we did n't have good television coverage , so I think I listened to the -LSB- moon -RSB- landing on the radio . To me it was a huge thing . " Greg pursued his dreams of space exploration all the way through college , where he majored in physics . Unfortunately , he was unable to pass the vision test for the space program because of his colorblindness , but even that could n't squelch his interest . Greg went on to get his pilot 's license , and even though his career now as a gymnastics school owner is n't exactly space-related , he says that "  ever since then , I 've followed the space program . " And as a lover of space exploration , Greg hopes to see more missions to the moon . "  I think it would be an important step as far as going further , like to Mars , " he says . "  I would love to see us go back to the moon . " But for now , on the 40th anniversary of the moon landing , he can remember the small but crucial role he played in bringing Apollo 11 home safely . "  It kind of caught me by surprise , " he says , "  but I 'm real proud to have been even a little tiny part of it . " iReport.com : See more photos of Greg with his father and Armstrong	Greg Force , then age 10 , fixed an antenna important to the mission He had arms small enough to reach inside the antenna His last-minute repair helped Apollo 11 's safe splashdown iReport.com : Do you remember Apollo 11 ?
CNN Student News  -- May 17 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Texas ; Davie , Florida ; Nashville , Tennessee Benghazi , Libya Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . Teachers : We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- On Monday , a 5-4 majority of the U.S. Supreme Court approved strip searches of everyone entering jail after arrest for even the most minor offense . The ruling exposed a disturbing insensitivity . The plaintiffs in the case , Florence v. Board of Chosen Freeholders , were arrested for relatively minor offenses , such as walking a dog without a leash . Their lawsuit challenged a policy in two New Jersey detention facilities where all arrested people are strip-searched before joining the inside population . In one facility , this means "  a complete disrobing , followed by an examination of the nude inmate ... by the supervising officer , which is then followed by a supervised shower with a delousing agent . " In the other facility , the booking process "  required groups of 30 to 40 arrestees to enter a large shower room , simultaneously remove all of their clothing , place it in boxes and then shower . " If you have ever driven over the speed limit in New Jersey , it could be you in that shower . The Supreme Court quite recently accepted the idea that the Constitution requires a greater justification for strip searches than for less-intrusive searches . In Safford v. Redding , decided in 2009 , the court said that searches exposing the breasts and pelvic area were "  categorically distinct , requiring distinct elements of justification . " People in jails and prisons , however , have long enjoyed less privacy than free people . In Bell v. Wolfish , the Supreme Court upheld a policy that subjected all detainees to visual body cavity searches after they had visitors . It emphasized that detention facilities had a special need for heightened security that weighs heavily against inmates ' privacy . For similar reasons , the court in Florence ruled in favor of strip searches . No one would deny that U.S. prisons and jails are dangerous places filled with weapons , drugs and other contraband . Achieving security in such institutions is crucial . But that does not mean strip searches are either a necessary or an effective means of doing so . The Supreme Court has an obligation to protect the privacy of inmates by scrutinizing law enforcement policies that concern people who have not even gone to trial for their alleged misdemeanors . The court 's failure to do so is an abdication of its responsibilities . Prison and jail officials have exceedingly difficult jobs and are entitled to flexibility in their efforts to secure the institutions they run . Strip searches , however , are extremely intrusive , humiliating and frequently traumatic , as the Supreme Court has acknowledged . Even in the Supreme Court building itself , where the need for security is undoubtedly great , guards do not strip search members of the public who come to watch oral arguments . Imagine the fallout if they did . The plaintiffs in Florence , it is worth remembering , are not very different from the crowds that gather outside the Supreme Court to hear oral arguments . They were not charged with or even suspected of drug-dealing , assault or other violent conduct . They are people who sometimes drive over the speed limit , who walk their dogs without a leash now and then and who might miss a child support payment on occasion . No one should have to undergo a strip search simply because she had the misfortune of being arrested and taken to jail for what almost everyone has done at one time or another . To rubber-stamp subjecting them to strip searches without any demonstrable need , without an iota of reasonable suspicion and without any evidence that such policies are effective is to perpetrate an injustice unworthy of our high court . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sherry Colb .	Sherry Colb : Supreme Court ruling on strip search was disturbingly insensitive She says ruling lets authorities strip search those arrested for even minor offenses She says court must protect inmates ' privacy by scrutinizing law enforcement procedures Colb : A rubber-stamp on strip searches without reasonable suspicion is unjust
CNN  Just kill it already . That was the sentiment of many "  Vampire Diaries " fans on Tuesday after star Nina Dobrev announced she will be leaving the CW show at the end of this season . "  I always knew I wanted Elena 's story to be a six season adventure , and within those six years I got the journey of a lifetime , " she posted on her social media accounts after a "  goodbye party " at Lake Lanier outside Atlanta , where the show is filmed . "  I was a human , a vampire , a doppelganger , a crazy immortal , a doppelganger pretending to be human , a human pretending to be a doppelganger . I got kidnapped , killed , resurrected , tortured , cursed , body-snatched , was dead and undead , and there 's still so much more to come before the season finale in May . " And while that may be true , fans were feeling a little jilted . Many chastised the show 's producers , some even Dobrev herself , for allowing the show to go on to a seventh season this fall after she departs . Many were upset that Dobrev 's departure could sink hopes of seeing a satisfying denouement to the relationship between Dobrev 's character , Elena Gilbert , and love interest vampire Damon Salvatore . Fans called the couple "  Delena . " "  I feel angry , sad , depressed , numb but most of all I feel like part of me died along with Nina leaving TVD . Nothing will be the same again , " Twitter user iDamonAndElena posted . Producer Julie Plec issued a statement supporting Dobrev 's decision . "  Nina is excited to spread her wings , get some rest , travel the world and also take it by storm , and we support her a thousand-fold , " she said in the statement , according to media accounts . "  We will miss Nina and the four hundred characters she played , but we look forward to the insane and exciting challenge of continuing to tell stories of our Salvatore Brothers and our much-loved and gifted ensemble . " No thanks , some fans said . Dobrev seemed to anticipate the pain , urging fans to hold on through the show 's finale next month . "  If you think you know what 's coming , you do n't , " she said .	"  Vampire Diaries " star Nina Dobrev announces she 's leaving the show "  Nothing will be the same again , " fans say
Bestselling author Michael Connelly might be best known for his character Detective Harry Bosch . But his second-most-popular character is no slouch either . Connelly 's books have sold more than 50 million copies around the world , most of them featuring the fictional Bosch of the Los Angeles Police Department . But in 2005 , Connelly moved away from his popular police procedurals to try his hand at a legal thriller . The result was "  The Lincoln Lawyer " with Mickey Haller , a criminal defense attorney who works out of the back seat of his Lincoln Town Car . The book was a hit and later became a critically acclaimed movie starring Matthew McConaughey . Now Haller returns in "  The Gods of Guilt , " Connelly 's fifth novel featuring the fast-talking defender . In the book , Haller takes on a murder case where the victim happens to be one of his former clients . While Haller is often a shark in court , his personal life is a shambles . He 's nearly broke and alone , estranged from his ex-wife and teenage daughter and desperate to reestablish ties . Meantime , Connelly has not forgotten fan favorite Bosch , who makes a brief cameo in "  The Gods of Guilt . " Bosch is also featured in a new eBook short called "  Switchblade , " and coming in January , to TV . Connelly has co-written a pilot for Amazon Studios for an hourlong show , "  Bosch , " which will air exclusively on Prime Instant Video in 2014 . It stars Titus Welliver , who has appeared in "  Argo , " "  The Good Wife " and "  Lost . " Fast facts Age : 57 Hometown : Born in Philadelphia , now lives in Florida . Former profession : Crime reporter for the Los Angeles Times For fans of : Crime novels , legal thrillers , Scott Turow , John Grisham Fun facts : Connelly has appeared on several episodes of the ABC show "  Castle " as himself . He is also a longtime fan of the New York Yankees and threw the first pitch at one of their games in August . Five questions for Michael Connelly CNN : Tell me about the title of your new book . Who are "  The Gods of Guilt ? " Connelly : The easy explanation is the "  Gods of Guilt " are the jury in the trial . I overheard the reference hanging around with some lawyers who help me with my Mickey Haller books . It was kind of an offhanded reference and , as often happens when you 're hanging around with cops and lawyers , they 'll tell you the greatest stuff and they do n't know how good it is . I knew it would be my title immediately , not only because it 's a cool phrase but also because it had other meanings , because this book has a lot to do with Mickey Haller 's character , his dealing with guilt over things he 's done , professionally and personally . Obviously I want this book to be a legal thriller and courtroom drama , but also it 's a meditation on personal guilt and how you deal with it . This idea that everybody has a jury inside , their conscience that dictates the verdict on the things that they do . CNN : How has Mickey Haller changed over the course of your series ? Connelly : I do n't know if this is the lowest we 've ever seen Mickey , but in this book his professional and personal choices have left him pretty much alone and away from the people he longs for the most , most notably his teenage daughter . In this book , we never actually see her up close and in person . Mickey has to watch her from afar . That relationship , which has certainly anchored him in other books , has been torn asunder by something he did . He actually did his job correctly , and yet it had an effect where people later got hurt and that alienated his ex-wife and his daughter from him . So this story is about him trying to redeem himself in their eyes . As a criminal defense attorney , Mickey does something for a living that his daughter has decided is abhorrent , so it 's a hard situation to be in . That 's where the "  Gods of Guilt " come in . It 's about Mickey trying to convince a jury of his innocence , that 's the underpinnings of the story and that 's before we even get to the legal case that he 's handling throughout this book . CNN : You 're headed to Europe for a promotional tour . Do you see any difference between your fans overseas and your American fans ? Connelly : I would say Harry Bosch translates around the world pretty easily . A homicide detective is a homicide detective is a homicide detective . Obviously procedures might be different from place to place , but the bottom line is that kind of character is the same in every country . When you write legal thrillers or you write about a lawyer , the procedure ... is different in every country . So Mickey Haller does n't translate as well in other countries , I 'm not just talking about language translation . I like the idea of going over and being able to help translate him or explain him to readers because I really feel that readers in other countries are risking more to read a Mickey Haller book than a Harry Bosch book . I 'll be in England and Ireland and their legal systems are quite different so reading this trial that takes place in "  Gods of Guilt , " it 's really kind of an alien world . I appreciate every reader I have of a Mickey Haller book in these countries , and if there 's a way I can go over there and help explain , I want to do it . CNN : Tell me how you finally brought "  Bosch " to TV . Connelly : Harry was on the shelf for a long time , legally . I could n't do anything with him for almost 15 years because of deals I made in the 1990s . When I finally got the rights back , I did n't need the money . I did n't need anything from Hollywood , so I just had this resolve that I 'm either going to be able to control this or I 'm not going to do it , because Harry is too precious to me . On one hand , I 'm just as much influenced by great movies and great TV as I am by great novels , so it 's just instinctive that I want to try and do this and do it right . Slowly over the last couple of years , I put together the show runner , the chief writer , our producer , and while I was doing that , Amazon came to me because they heard about the project and saw the synergy between selling my books and wanting to get into the business of creating television and film . It was one of those common sense things , kind of a no-brainer . If it 's great or bad it 's going to be my doing and I 'm happy to make that gamble . I think it 's going to be on the good side , it 's going to be very representative of the books and my kind of creativity and I think it 's going to be something I 'm really proud of . CNN : What 's next ? Connelly : Before we started filming "  Bosch , " I was working on a new Harry Bosch book . I do n't have a title yet , but in it , Harry 's got a new partner . He 's in his final couple of years of being a detective and I think he 's trying to be a mentor more than he has in the past . Usually he kept his partners distant and dispensable . Now Harry 's paired with a partner who he thinks may be the real deal and could be a person on a mission like he has been all his professional life . So he wants to pass something on . Geographically , this case takes him into a new part of Los Angeles ; the investigation is primarily centered in East L.A. , so there will be a lot of new stuff , but at the same time , very familiar . It should be coming out this time next year and hopefully will coincide with the TV show .	Michael Connelly 's new novel features lawyer Mickey Haller of "  Lincoln Lawyer " fame Connelly 's fifth Haller book , "  The Gods of Guilt , " goes on sale this week Haller takes on a murder case in which the victim is a former client Connelly is working with Amazon Studios on pilot featuring Det. Harry Bosch
CNN  Ian Foster learned how to drive when he was six years old . Growing up on a farm in Northern Ireland , he would help his father herd cattle on a motorcycle , going up and down a mountain close to his parents ' home . For the 50-year-old Hong Kong based architect , this sparked a lifelong motoring passion , and today he owns a collection of 40 classic cars and 130 motorcycles . Even though Foster 's day job entails designing master-plans for cities and big resorts in China , he managed to devote enough time to his hobby to create a classic car museum , housed in former sheds of his parents ' farmhouse in Northern Ireland . "  When I buy or when I 'm looking at new cars , there 's got to be something that I 'm passionate about -- maybe the age of the car , maybe I remember a movie or when my father had it when I was a youngster . My collection is based on that , not necessarily a collectible car , " he says . The most prized possession Foster acquired in his 25 years of collecting is a rare Belfast-made DeLorean DMC 12 . It has a right hand drive , and Fosters says it is one of only 12 ever made . "  I can remember when I was 14 , coming back from rugby practice and seeing the two test cars going through my local town , and always wanting to have one of those cars , thinking one day I 'll have that car , " he recalls . For the past three years , this architect with a serious penchant for automotive history has been the chairman of Classic Car Club Hong Kong , and has also been researching a book on the first 100 years of motoring in the city . "  I 've been collecting photos , old stories , stepping through the decades , " he says . There is however , one car that he would still like to add to his impressive collection : "  If I could afford it , I would like an Aston Martin from the 1990s . "	Architect Ian Foster has amassed a huge classic car collection He owns 40 cars and 130 motorcycles Foster has also opened a classic car museum in his native Northern Ireland
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China has blocked the popular video-sharing Web site YouTube but did not offer a reason for the ban . YouTube was blocked in China as of Wednesday . Google , which owns YouTube , said it began noticing a decline in traffic from China about noon Monday . By early Wednesday , site users insider China continued to encounter an error message : "  Network Timeout . The server at youtube.com is taking too long to respond . " "  We do not know the reason for the blockage and we are working as quickly as possible to restore access to our users , " said Scott Rubin , a spokesman for Google , which owns YouTube . It 's not the first time users in China have been unable to access the site . In March 2008 , China blocked YouTube during riots in Tibet . Watch more about the decision " At the time , protesters burned vehicles and shops , some advocating independence from China , and others demonstrating against the growing influence of the Han Chinese in the area . The subsequent crackdown left 18 civilians and one police officer dead , according to the Chinese government . Tibet 's self-proclaimed government-in-exile put the death toll from the protests at 140 . Many in the country speculated the latest ban may be an attempt to filter access to footage that a Tibetan exile group released . The videos show Tibetans being kicked and beaten , allegedly by Chinese police officers after the riots . "  Though there is much footage of the protests taking place throughout Tibet last year that were splashed across the world , the following is rare footage of police beating of protesters , the suffering and death of a captive , and paramilitary presence in Lhasa  the Tibetan capital  , which managed to make its way to the outside world , " the Tibetan government-in-exile in Dharamsala , India , said of the videos . Xinhua , China 's state news agency , accused the supporters of Tibet 's spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , of doctoring the video to "  deceive the international community . " China , with 298 million Internet users , has routinely blocked access to Web sites it considers politically unacceptable , including the Voice of America and The New York Times . The Chinese government has also censored television broadcasts , including those by the BBC and CNN , during coverage of issues such as its policy in Tibet and Taiwan . The Chinese government did not directly address whether it has blocked YouTube . "  China is not afraid of the Internet , " said Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang on Tuesday . "  We manage the Internet according to law ... to prevent the spread of harmful information . " YouTube , which allows users to upload and share videos , has been banned periodically in other countries as well . Bangladesh , Pakistan , Thailand and Turkey temporarily shut off access to the site after users uploaded content the countries ' governments considered politically embarrassing . CNN 's Emily Chang contributed to this report .	By early Wednesday , users inside China encountered : "  Network Timeout " China blocked YouTube during deadly riots in Tibet in March 2008 Chinese government and Tibet 's government-in-exile differ on death toll
CNN  -- Rome 's mayor has given up hope of hosting a Formula One race in the Italian capital , and announced on Friday that he will instead focus on winning the rights to stage the summer Olympics . Italy already hosts one F1 race in the northern city of Monza , but Rome officials had hoped the historic city would have its own date on the elite motorsport 's calendar from the 2013 season onwards . "  Today we 're definitively and formally renouncing the plan for Formula One in Rome , " Gianni Alemanno told reporters at a news conference . "  This move represents a step backwards because we have always said we would have done so , should the FIA have posed an alternative between Rome and Monza . " Alemanno 's statement came a week after F1 's most powerful man Bernie Ecclestone suggested it would be difficult for Italy to host two races . Monza has a contract to host a grand prix until 2016 , and Alemanno said the Rome will now concentrate its efforts on a bid for the 2020 Olympic Games . "  We have an Olympic dream that is still going on . So let 's make clear to Italy and to the world we want to stage the Games in Rome , " he said . Rome has hosted the summer Games on one previous occasion in 1960 , and has never staged the Italian Grand Prix . The race started out in Brescia in 1921 but quickly moved to Monza , which has run the event every year but one since the F1 world championship began in 1950 .	Rome 's mayor announces the city will end bid to host a Formula One grand prix Organizers had hoped to be added to the elite motorsport 's 2013 calendar Mayor says Italian capital will now focus on its bid for the 2020 Olympic Games Northern city of Monza is the traditional host of one of F1 's oldest races
CNN  -- Warning : This article contains potential spoilers for the upcoming issue of "  Batman . " He 's one of the most famous villains in pop culture for a reason . The Joker , Batman 's archenemy , has been terrorizing the Dark Knight and his allies over these past few months in a number of "  Batman " comic books , and it 's all coming to a head in Wednesday 's issue of "  Batman " # 17  published by DC Comics , which is owned by Time Warner , as is CNN  . The book 's writer , Scott Snyder , promises an ending that is sure to shock Bat-fans to their cores . The crossover story 's title , "  Death of the Family , " recalls a 25-year-old story -- called "  A Death in the Family " -- in which the second Robin , Jason Todd , was brutally murdered by The Joker  after a poll in which fans voted by phone as to whether the Boy Wonder should live or die  . Snyder is mum as to whether Batman and all of his friends will survive this encounter with the Clown Prince of Crime , but he did speak to CNN.com about what readers can expect . CNN : What themes did you aim to explore with "  Death of the Family ? " Scott Snyder : The story came to me after I had my second kid . You sometimes wish that you did n't have to worry about your kids all the time . Batman has all these allies , this "  family . " Bruce Wayne has to sometimes wish that he would n't have to worry about Robin , Nightwing or Batgirl . Who to take that wish and twist it into a nightmare but The Joker ? He says , "  I will take care of that , I will kill them . " Batman would say he never wished for that . The Joker would tell Batman , "  Yes , you wished that , you just do n't want to admit it . " The Joker in this story is a devil 's tongue . He makes you frightened of yourself , which the best villains in literature do . For my story , The Joker sees himself as serving Batman . Historically , the court jester was the only one who could deliver terrible news to the king . He sees Batman as this wonderfully twisted Bat-king . He sees himself as making him a tougher , stronger king . He sees Batman as deep down wanting to be the protector of Gotham , but his allies are his "  false court . " CNN : Aside from the reference to "  A Death in the Family , " what is the meaning of the title ? Snyder : We wanted it to echo that horrible moment in Batman 's life . We wanted Joker for the first time ever to come after the Batman family with this murderous mission in mind . He usually does it to get at Batman . He says he 's coming after them to bring out Batman 's worst nightmare for the first time ever . This is The Joker 's war on Batman and even more so , on his family . CNN : Why the changes to The Joker 's appearance ? Snyder : The way he looks now came about in "  Detective Comics " # 1  in 2011  . The writer on that book , Tony S. Daniel , wanted to take The Joker outside of Gotham for a while , to create new bad guys . We thought that would be a great place in which to leave him . We decided this would work thematically for this story . In "  Batman " # 17 you 'll learn why he did it , why he had his face cut off and strapped back on . This final issue will bring everything crashing down . CNN : Why is Joker such a threat ? What is his biggest weakness ? Snyder : The Joker is my favorite villain in literature in general . My folks have embarrassing Halloween pictures of me dressed as The Joker . Down at its core , he 's scary in and of himself . Clowns are scary , but he 's physically scary and capable of doing horrifying things . He scares Batman about himself . He makes Batman afraid there 's a hint of madness in him . He tries to make Batman believe the madness is true . "  You 're as crazy as me , you belong in Arkham . " He feels that Batman deep down wants this to happen . Exposing the scariest things about ourselves , the scariest things we have in our hearts , and to laugh at them -- in its purest and most vicious form , that 's what a great and monstrous villain does . His weakness is he does n't see things coming outside of Batman . If Batman did n't care and did n't look for him , it would hurt The Joker in a way he 's not expecting . It 's a vicious cycle . There 's an Achilles heel in his own obsession with Batman . CNN : Does any villain come in second to The Joker in your mind ? Snyder : Each one represents a different weakness or fear Batman has for himself . The Riddler -- who I 'm about to use in a big way in 2013 -- is a manifestation of Batman 's fear that he 's not smart enough , he 's not able to solve the puzzle in time to save the city . Riddler keeps him as sharp as he can be . All of these villains figure in "  Batman " # 16 and # 17 too . Joker sees them representing some facet of Batman 's psychology . Two-Face is kind of the nightmare of Batman 's life . Will you become this horrifying version of yourself , like Two-Face ? Each represents some deep fear in the rich and complicated personality that is Bruce Wayne . Riddler , Two-Face , Ivy -- all of these characters will figure into Batman in the coming year . CNN : So how big and dramatic is this finale ? How much of an impact will it have on Batman and DC Comics ' current universe ? Snyder : It has a big impact on the whole mythology of Batman , and certainly with the stories coming afterward , it will have a big effect on many of the books -- emotional and lasting effects I do n't want to give away . CNN : It feels like the stakes are being raised in superhero comics more and more in recent years , with more dramatic changes . Why do you think this is ? Snyder : It 's not so much to make the books as dramatic as possible or to be shocking , but to try to tell the best story you can that feels organic . It 's not been a marching order .  My editors  say , write this character as if you had just one chance to write him ; proceed that way . What if I had these six issues , what would I do to tell this story ? It 's exciting to have that opportunity .	"  Batman " # 17 arrives this week and wraps up a surprising storyline Batman 's final showdown with The Joker recalls Robin 's murder 25 years ago CNN.com has the exclusive first look at this shocking issue Writer Scott Snyder says the story came to him soon after he had his second child
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran blocked YouTube and its owner Google over the weekend because of an inflammatory movie trailer about the Prophet Mohammed that has infuriated Muslims in many countries around the world . The sites were blocked "  because of public demand , " Iran 's semiofficial Mehr news agency said Monday . "  Google and YouTube continued to carry the film clip that insulted our people 's sacred beliefs , " the agency said , citing an unnamed source in Iran 's Internet Authority . Iran 's president slams anti-Islam film Iran was responding to a 14-minute online trailer for "  Innocence of Muslims , " a once obscure film that mocks Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer . Demonstrations against the movie and the country in which it was privately produced , the United States , spread across many countries this month . Most of the demonstrations have been peaceful , but a number have been marked by violence that has left more than two dozen people dead -- among them U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other Americans killed in an attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya . Kamran Saghafi , of the High Council for the Internet in Iran , warned Iranians not to try to access the sites . "  Internet users must voluntarily stop using those services and must not even try getting connected , even if it is just to see if they can succeed , " Mehr quoted him as saying . He said that the council was not involved in the decision to block the global Internet giants ' sites , but that the action was "  legal and authorized . " Mehr quoted a source in the Ministry of Technology as saying that authorities who are in charge of filtering the Internet made the decision . Last week , Pakistan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs demanded that the United States remove the controversial movie from YouTube . President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have disavowed the video . More : Pakistani minister wants filmmaker dead	Iran warns citizens not to try to access YouTube or Google after the Internet sites are blocked The Islamic republic is responding to a controversial video mocking Mohammed Some protests against the video have turned violent , but most have been peaceful
CNN  -- Face Time -- Mehdi Houas , Tunisian Minister of Tourism The country that sparked the Arab Spring is on the road to recovery . Unlike its neighbors to the East and West however , Tunisia does not sit upon vast oil and gas reserves to aid in the post-revolutionary process . MME sits down with Mehdi Houas , Tunisia 's Minister of Culture and Tourism , to discuss his country 's plans to reposition itself as a regional hub for business . In Focus -- Tunisia tourism Tunisia in the process of defining its post-revolution road map . Part of the plan aims to instigate domestic growth by repositioning the North African country in the global market . MME looks at Tunisia 's attempts to reinvigorate its international business ties . Showtimes Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Fridays : 0845 , 1645 , Saturdays : 0615 , Sundays : 0515 , 1745 , Mondays : 0045	MME talks to Tunisia 's Minister of Culture and Tourism , Mehdi Houas Tunisia is in the process of outlining its post revolution roadmap The North African Country hopes to reinvigorate international business ties
Paris , France  CNN  -- A French judge has issued an arrest warrant for U.S. cyclist Floyd Landis for allegedly hacking into the computer system of the French anti-doping agency 's laboratory , the agency 's president said Tuesday . Investigating Judge Thomas Cassuto issued the warrant January 28 for the alleged hacking of the lab 's computer system in 2006 , said Marie-Christine Daubigney , the assistant prosecutor of the tribunal in Nanterre , near Paris . It was not immediately clear why the judge was issuing the warrant after more than three years . Landis , 34 , was stripped of his 2006 Tour de France win and suspended from cycling for two years after he tested positive for synthetic testosterone , a banned male sex hormone . Oscar Pereiro of Spain inherited the 2006 title after Landis was disqualified . Landis appealed , maintaining the French laboratory made errors in his case . The Court of Arbitration for Sport , which handles international sports disputes , upheld the ban and the decision to strip him of his title in June 2008 . The warrant relates to the computer system of the AFLD , the French anti-doping agency that conducted drugs testing at the Tour , said AFLD President Pierre Bordry . The International Cycling Union , which governs the sport worldwide , has dropped the AFLD as the anti-doping agency for this year 's Tour de France , though the decision has nothing to do with the Landis case , union spokesman Enrico Carpani told CNN . The decision had to do with comments Bordry made after the 2009 Tour , Carpani said . A new anti-doping agency has yet to be chosen for the 2010 race , he said .	Landis allegedly hacked into French anti-doping agency 's computer system Oscar Pereiro of Spain inherited the 2006 title after Landis was disqualified French judge issued the warrant after the laboratory computer system was hacked
Petro Poroshenko is already the "  Chocolate King " of Ukraine , but he has his sights set higher : He wants to be president . He 's a billionaire thanks to the candy company he started nearly 20 years ago , but , asked recently if it 's an advantage to be an oligarch when running for president , Poroshenko sidestepped the question with a hint of a smile on his lips and a hint of steel in his eyes . "  I do n't know , " he said in English . "  You should ask an oligarch about that . " Poroshenko , 48 , is n't Ukraine 's wealthiest man ; his $ 1.3 billion fortune makes him seventh , according to Forbes magazine 's list of the world 's billionaires . But his wealth includes experience as well as money . He 's a former foreign minister and former chairman of Ukraine 's national security and defense council , and now a member of parliament , focusing on European integration . Given the opinion polls ahead of Sunday 's election , political analyst Igor Popov has no doubt that Poroshenko will be elected president . He leads by a wide margin over his nearest rival , former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , in a field of more than 20 candidates . But if Poroshenko does win , he 'll be inheriting a tough job . His country has been wracked by months of violence , with Moscow laying claim to Crimea and separatists declaring independence in several eastern regions of the country bordering Russia . That 's the very reason Poroshenko says it 's so important to have a presidential election now , when the country has an interim president following the flight to Russia of ousted President Viktor Yanukovych earlier this year . "  We need a legitimate , strong , powerful commander-in-chief of our armed forces . We need a legitimate president who can open dialogue , direct dialogue with all our partners , " Poroshenko said ahead of a campaign rally in this city about a two-hour drive north of the capital Kiev , in central Ukraine . Rally in the rain Hundreds of people stood out in the rain in the city 's main square for a long speech by Poroshenko during the event , which ended with candidate and crowd singing Ukraine 's national anthem and a pro-Ukrainian pop song worthy of the kitschy Eurovison song contest . Lights of yellow and blue , the colors of Ukraine 's national flag , played over the crowd as they sang . When it was over , Poroshenko worked the crowd , handing out autographed cards with his face on them , aides continually replenishing his supply . When the campaign rally was over , he spoke exclusively to CNN . "  My first step immediately after the election would be a visit , not to Brussels , not to Moscow and not even to Washington . My first visit would be to Donetsk , " he said , referring to one of the main separatist regions in the east , an area now styling itself the independent Donetsk People 's Republic . The purpose of the trip would not be to negotiate with the self-styled separatist leaders , he said , denying that they truly represented the people . "  If it is a terrorist , they are not representing the people . They have just 500 people with guns , " he said , working a small wooden cross on rosary beads between his fingers throughout the interview . But , he said , he was more than willing to talk to anyone elected by the people , and he has no objection to more local self-control . People across Ukraine have "  the right to speak any language they want . The right to elect the leaders they want . The right for the decentralization of power , " he said . He was firm on his two main goals . "  European integration -- no compromise , " he declared . "  Crimea and eastern Ukraine , we are fighting for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of my country . No compromise . " Tough enough ? But challenged on whether he could work with Vladimir Putin , he dodged the question , refusing even to mention Russia 's president by name . Instead , he talked about working with major European powers . And pressed again specifically on Russia and Putin , he fell back on the format of ongoing round table discussions with Ukraine , Russia , the United States and the European Union . Poroshenko argues that his country has earned the right to join the EU . "  Ukraine has already passed a very important exam in February , March , April of this year . More than 100 Ukrainians gave their lives in fighting for democracy , " he said . While he said he personally would like Ukraine to join NATO , he recognizes that it 's not possible at the moment . "  At present we have a war situation . NATO unfortunately will not accept Ukraine , " he said . The chocolate king has vowed to sell the candy business that made his fortune if he is elected president , but he wo n't give up his television channel . He gave two reasons for holding onto Channel Five . "  Because this channel two times saved the country , and , reason number two , because the channel is not for sale , " he said . Hollywood ending It 's possible Poroshenko will win outright in the first round by getting more than 50 % of the vote . If he fails to cross that hurdle , he 'll face the runner-up in a run-off election . Some Ukrainians are hoping the race will be over on Sunday . One woman wrapped in the Ukrainian flag at the Poroshenko campaign rally said she was planning to vote for him because he 's the leading candidate and she wants the race settled as soon as possible . In fact , there is little difference in policy between Poroshenko and Tymoshenko , allies a decade ago in the Orange Revolution who have since become rivals . Igor Popov , the political analyst , said whoever wins the election will disappoint the Ukrainian people . "  The Ukrainian people are looking at all these crises , dreaming that it 's a Hollywood movie and when the movie finishes we will see a happy ending , " he said . "  Now the Ukrainian people are dreaming that the next day after presidential elections , war will stop and the currency rate will come back to normal and all the problems will be solved . " That 's not going to happen . "  Nobody could solve all the Ukrainian problems soon and fast , but maybe when we compare Mr. Poroshenko to other politicians , he has the biggest chance to reunite the country , " Popov added . Poroshenko himself does not lack confidence . At one point during his interview with CNN , he referred to European integration as a goal for "  his first term . " And later he interrupted a question about what he would do if he wins with a correction : "  When I win . "	Poroshenko made his wealth in the candy business He leads the field of 20 candidates in Sunday 's election The "  Chocolate King " wants closer ties with Europe
New York  CNN  -- A grand jury is expected to announce this week whether a New York City police officer will face criminal charges in the alleged chokehold death of a New York man , according to people familiar with the investigation . Eric Garner , a father of six , died after NYPD officers confronted him on Staten Island for allegedly selling cigarettes illegally . A video of the July 17 encounter shows NYPD Officer Daniel Pantaleo grabbing the 350-pound man in a chokehold and pulling him onto a sidewalk . During his apprehension , Garner , 43 , is heard repeatedly telling the officers that he could not breathe . The New York City Police Department prohibits the chokehold tactic . The New York City Medical Examiner 's office later ruled Garner 's death a homicide . The cause of death was "  compression of neck  chokehold  , compression of chest and prone positioning during physical restraint by police . " After the incident , Pantaleo was put on modified assignment and stripped of his badge and gun while the investigation was under way . More protests ? The case , which sparked anti-police demonstrations across the city , was brought to a grand jury in September , according to Richmond County District Attorney Daniel Donovan . On Monday , Staten Island officials met with New York City Police Commissioner William Bratton to discuss the impending decision and the borough 's preparedness for reaction to it . An attorney for Pantaleo told CNN his client testified for approximately two hours on November 21 in front of the grand jury . "  He was gratified to tell his story , he was relieved , " Stuart London told CNN Saturday . London believes his client was the last to testify in front of the grand jury , which may signal that the panel may be nearing a decision . "  He was anxious and anxiety-filled prior to that , " London said . "  He is cautiously optimistic , and knows that his fate is in their hands now . " The medical examiner also listed acute and chronic bronchial asthma , obesity and hypertensive cardiovascular disease as contributing factors in Garner 's death . After chokehold death , NYPD to train officers on proper use of force Decision comes after Ferguson protests If the decision is announced soon , it would come just a little over a week after a grand jury in St. Louis County decided not to indict Ferguson , Missouri , police officer Darren Wilson in the August shooting death of unarmed African-American teen Michael Brown . Bratton announced in September that all NYPD officers will undergo a three-day retraining period on the proper use of force when engaging a suspect . "  It was evident to me and Mayor  Bill  de Blasio ... that there was a need for a fundamental shift in the culture of the department , from an overarching focus on police activity ... to an emphasis on collaborative problem-solving with the community , " Bratton said before the City Council 's Committee for Public Safety . Previous legal issues Two lawsuits have previously been filed against Pantaleo . The plaintiffs in both suits allege false arrest , unlawful imprisonment , civil rights violations and other charges . One suit from 2013 was dismissed in January 2014 , while the second , from February 2014 , remains open . Garner had a lengthy criminal history , including more than 30 arrests , and had been arrested for selling untaxed cigarettes in May , police said . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	Eric Garner died in a confrontation with New York police July 17 The medical examiner ruled that the death of Garner , 43 , was a homicide The incident sparked protests in New York City
Chuck Colson , a Watergate-era "  hatchet man " for President Richard Nixon who became an influential evangelical leader after serving time in prison , died Saturday afternoon , according to his website . He was 80 . His death came just over three weeks after he "  was overcome by dizziness " while speaking at a conference and rushed to a northern Virginia hospital . Surgeons operated on him for two hours for a brain hemorrhage "  At times , Chuck showed encouraging indicators of a possible recovery , but his health took a decided turn , and he went to be with the Lord , " said the statement on his Website . News of his death soon stirred tributes particularly from leaders in conservative circles and the evangelical community , with David Frum -- a former special assistant to President George W. Bush and a CNN contributor -- saying on Twitter that Colson made his "  greatest impact when furthest from power . " "  Today the world lost a Christian statesman , a dedicated servant of prisoners and a powerful example of God 's ability to transform a life , " said Lamar Vest , president and CEO of the New York-based American Bible Society . And Pat Buchanan , a conservative leader who called Colson "  a tremendously good friend of mine " during their time together in the Nixon administration , called him "  a real example of redemption . " "  I think his life is a model for people who got themselves into trouble , " Buchanan told CNN on Saturday after a panel at New York 's Columbia University . Rick Santorum , a former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania who curried conservative support in his run for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination , described Colson as "  a humble man who learned from his own frailty to care for the ` least of these , ' especially prisoners . " And Mitt Romney , who is expected to officially secure the GOP nod at this summer 's convention , offered his prayers to Coulson 's kin and "  all the people he touched . " "  Chuck Colson embodied and made possible an immeasurable amount of good in the lives of the people , families and communities he served in bringing a message of faith and hope , " the former Massachusetts governor said in a statement . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Kentucky , described Colson 's story as "  a constant and necessary reminder to those of us in and out of public office of the seductions of power and the rewards of service . " "  His famous redemption story and tireless advocacy on behalf of the marginalized and the outcast have called all of us to a deeper reflection on our lives and priorities , " McConnell said . "  He lives on as a modern model of redemption and a permanent rebuttal to the cynical claim that there are no second chances in life . " A former U.S. Marine captain , Colson was considered a main player in the Nixon White House 's dirty tricks during the rough-and-tumble politics of the Vietnam era in America . Not tied directly to the June 17 , 1972 , break-in to Democratic National Committee offices in Washington 's Watergate complex , Colson was implicated in the broader political scandal and became the first Nixon aide to be convicted . While indicted , he negotiated with prosecutors and pleaded guilty in 1974 to obstruction of justice for attempting to defame anti-war activist Daniel Ellsberg , who had leaked the once-secret Pentagon Papers that revealed the full extent of U.S. military involvement in Southeast Asia . He served seven months in prison before being paroled in 1975 . As he prepared to leave , he promised fellow inmates that he would not forget them or his experience there , his official biography says . Colson went on , in 1976 , to found Prison Fellowship . The nonprofit group provides support for inmates in the form of in-prison Bible studies , mentoring programs and support for the children of prisoners . Today , the organization calls itself "  the world 's largest outreach to prisoners , ex-prisoners and their families , " with a presence in 113 countries . Colson himself spoke out in a daily radio commentary called "  BreakPoint , " which aired on stations nationwide . And he also founded The Chuck Colson Center for Christian Worldview , which seeks "  the transformation of believers as they apply biblical thinking to all of life " in part through offerings on "  today 's news and trends via radio , interactive media , and print . In 2008 , Colson was awarded the Presidential Citizens Medal for "  his good heart and his compassionate efforts to renew a spirit of purpose in the lives of countless individuals , " according to the White House website under then-President Bush . According to his biography , Colson "  admits he was guilty of political ` dirty tricks " and willing to do almost anything for the cause of his president and his party . " But he always denied a quote often attributed to him that he was willing to "  walk over his own grandmother to get Nixon re-elected . "	Rick Santorum , Mitt Romney and evangelical leaders pay tribute Chuck Colson dies at 80 , weeks after suffering a brain hemorrhage Colson was the first Nixon aide convicted in connection with the Watergate scandal He later reinvented himself as an evangelical leader
LONDON , England  CNN  -- There is a mathematical reason why the French Open is so different to any other of the Grand Slam tennis tournaments . Clay courts require a different type of game to grass and hard court surfaces The Roland Garros tournament is currently being contested , with Rafael Nadal looking for his fifth win in a row , and world number two Roger Federer searching for his first ever French Open title . • Get the latest French Open news What has brought problems to Federer , and to other greats like Pete Sampras and Boris Becker -- who never won a French Open , is the clay surface on which it is contested . The maths of the clay surface are distinctly different to grass or hard-court surfaces . All officially recognized courts have a court pace rating  CPR  , which rates the "  speed " of the court -- and clay courts are at the bottom . The crushed-brick mixture that constitutes the base of a clay court produces a the highest bounce and most friction of the three surfaces , meaning they have the lowest CPR of all three surface types and are considered as the "  slowest " . Grass courts are generally have the highest CPR numbers , and are the "  fastest " courts . The CPR numbers give a hint as to whether a ball will bounce higher or lower on a specific surface , and how much friction there is to either slow the ball or allow it to skid on . An example court pace rating for each surface may be 23 for a clay court , 35 for a hard court and 46 for a grass court . • Try our special interactive to see how tennis ball bounce on different surfaces " This number is calculated by considering both horizontal speed and vertical bounce of a tennis ball off a court . The equation used is CPR = SPR + 150 x  0.81-e  . To make more sense of this , the International Tennis Federation , the game 's law-makers , have produced a chart which simply matches the coefficient of friction  friction  and coefficient of restitution  bounce  to produce a court pace rating . But it 's not just the bounce and speed of the ball off the clay surface that sets it apart from other courts , and makes the French Open an elusive tournament for some players . Head of women 's tennis at Britain 's Lawn Tennis Association  LTA  , Nigel Sears , told CNN the slippery nature of the clay surface also set it apart from other types of court . "  The main factor that makes it different is that it 's a loose surface . That allows players to slide on it . " The loose surface and different clay characteristics meant the crushed-brick surface required a different game plan , he said . "  Players are a lot further back on the clay surface . If you look at Nadal , his return of service points of contact are different to other surfaces ... on clay he can sit back . " The slower pace and higher bounce also meant big servers like Sampras were negated on clay and certain types of players were better suited to it , Sears said . "  Clay magnifies spin . So the slice is effective on clay ... and you can also produce a lot of top spin . One of the problems Federer has on clay is that he has a single-handed backhand , and Nadal can get so much spin -- so Federer is trying to hit single-handed shots up around his shoulder . " The clay approach was slightly different in women 's tennis , however , as some players tended to approach clay matches similar to hard-court games , he said . Sears said endurance was also a crucial advantage on clay , particularly at Roland Garros . "  You tend to have longer rallies on clay . The French Open is so physical with five-set matches . When somebody faces Nadal to five sets no-one can compete with him physically , " he said .	Clay , grass and hard tennis court surfaces all produce different bounces The speed and bounce of certain courts can adversely affect a player 's game Use the CNN interactive to see how the bounce differs on each surface
New York  CNN  New York State Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was arrested Thursday on charges that he used his position as one of the state 's most-powerful politicians to amass millions of dollars in bribes and kickbacks , federal prosecutors said . Silver 's remarkable fall from grace came one day after he shared the stage with Gov. Andrew Cuomo during the State of the State address in Albany . As Speaker of the Legislature 's Democrat-controlled lower house , Silver held significant power over the operation of New York government , particularly over the real estate industry and health care funding . Silver , 70 , was taken into custody at about 8 a.m. Thursday by FBI agents and charged with two counts of "  honest services fraud , one count of conspiracy to commit honest services fraud , one count of extortion under color of official right and one count of conspiracy to commit extortion under color of official right , " said Preet Bharara , the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York . The charges , if resulting in a conviction , carry a maximum penalty of 100 years in prison . Silver 's attorneys , Joel Cohen and Steven Molo , said in a statement : "  We 're disappointed that the prosecutors have chosen to proceed with these meritless criminal charges . That said , Mr. Silver looks forward to responding to them -- in court -- and ultimately his full exoneration . " Silver , who was released on bail , spoke briefly to reporters as he left court . "  I am confident that when all the issues are aired , I will be vindicated , " he said , according to CNN affiliate NY1 . In a criminal complaint , prosecutors said Silver abused his political influence and "  obtained about $ 4 million in payments characterized as attorney referral fees solely through the corrupt use of his official position . " "  We hold our elected representatives to the highest standards and expect them to act in the best interest of their constituents , " FBI Special Agent-in-Charge Richard Frankel said in a statement . "  In good faith , we trust they will do so while defending the fundamental tenets of the legal system . But as we are reminded today , those who make the laws do n't have the right to break the laws . " Read the complaint The lawmaker , who has been Assembly speaker for more than two decades , allegedly masked the payments from public scrutiny by disguising the graft as income from what he claimed was a personal injury law practice , according to the complaint . "  Over his decades in office , Speaker Silver has amassed titanic political power , " Bharara told reporters . "  During that same time , Silver also amassed a tremendous personal fortune . " The criminal complaint highlights the role of power and influence in what Bharara described as the "  show-me-the-money culture of Albany . " "  These charges go to the very core of what ails Albany -- a lack of transparency , lack of accountability , and lack of principle joined with an overabundance of greed , cronyism , and self-dealing , " Bharara said in a statement . The complaint outlined an elaborate , alleged corruption scheme driven by influence and greed , including the siphoning of state funds to a doctor referring cases to the law firm where Silver worked and securing tax breaks for real estate developers . The graft provided Silver about $ 700,000 in kickbacks from steering two real estate developers with business before the state to a law firm connected to the speaker , according to the complaint . In addition , Silver allegedly collected more than $ 3 million in asbestos client referral fees . He received those fees by , among other official acts , awarding $ 500,000 in state grants to a university research center of a physician who referred patients with asbestos-related illnesses to Silver at the law firm where he worked , the complaint said . Prosecutors also accuse Silver of actively interfering with the work of the state 's Moreland Commission to Investigate Public Corruption so it would not learn of his illegal income , including negotiating with Cuomo to prematurely end the commission . The panel issued subpoenas seeking information on the the outside income earned by lawmakers . Cuomo , a fellow Democrat , appointed members of the anti-corruption commission in 2013 , but disbanded the panel one year later in exchange for changes in campaign finance reporting requirements and bribery laws for the Legislature , the complaint said . Bharara said Cuomo 's decision came as "  great relief " to Silver . Cuomo 's office declined to comment but , in a meeting with the New York Daily News editorial board , the governor called Silver 's arrest "  a bad reflection on the government " and said the case against the speaker "  vindicates " the commission 's work . Bharara told reporters that a number of other public corruption investigations were continuing . "  You should stay tuned , " he warned . The state Assembly canceled its session on Thursday . Silver can continue to serve as speaker despite his arrest but would have to leave office if convicted of a felony , according to NY1 . Born on Manhattan 's Lower East Side , Silver is a graduate of Yeshiva University and Brooklyn Law School .	One of New York state 's most powerful politicians arrested on graft charges State Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver allegedly received $ 4M in bribes and kickbacks Silver : "  I am confident ... I will be vindicated "
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- It broadcasts only three hours a day . Its on-air reporters use fake names . And its operators do n't know for sure whether their target audience is listening . Kim Seong Min , the founder of Free North Korea Radio , broadcasting from Seoul . Free North Korea Radio , based in Seoul , South Korea , broadcasts news of the outside world across the border . It 's illegal for North Koreans to listen to anything other than state-run radio , and all legal radios are fixed so they can play only channels approved by the government . But the founder of Free North Korea Radio , Kim Seong Min , believes that more and more North Koreans are secretly tuning in . Kim is also a defector . A former propagandist for the North Korean army , Kim says he collected an illegal radio on one of his patrols . He was curious , so he tuned in to a South Korean broadcast . The program centered on the leader of North Korea , Kim Jong Il . He says it was meant to dispel the myths surrounding the leader , including the story of Kim Jong Il 's birth . North Koreans were taught to believe that Kim Jong Il was born on Mount Paekdu , considered sacred in Korean history . But the radio program Kim heard that day said Kim Jong Il was born in the Soviet Union . Kim started to doubt everything he was taught to believe , and the more he listened , the more he was convinced that he had to leave the country . In 1996 , Kim says he made a perilous escape by crossing the North Korean-Chinese border , only to be caught by North Korean soldiers while trying to board a ship to South Korea . He was sent back to North Korea but escaped once again by jumping off a train . For days , Kim says , he hid in the Chinese countryside , eating roots and grass to survive before finally settling in a nearby town . Three years later , he says he made his way to South Korea , where he started Free North Korea Radio in 2004 . "  North Koreans need food , but they also need food for their minds , otherwise they will continue to have deformed children , and they will be people with deformed minds , " Kim said . The radio program is three hours , but Kim hopes to expand to five hours daily , broadcasting during the evenings and late at night , when he believes that most North Koreans are able to tune in . But running a radio station is expensive , and FNK Radio relies on donations from South Korean citizens as well as an annual grant indirectly from Washington , through the National Endowment for Democracy . Though funding is sometimes a struggle , they believe that the broadcast is vital to North Korea because the South Korean government stopped its own radio broadcasts into the country under the "  Sunshine Policy " instituted by former President Kim Dae Jung in 1988 . Kim Seong Min is the only North Korean on staff at the radio station who uses his real name . Three of the 15 staffers at FNK Radio are South Korean ; the rest are defectors . They use pseudonyms to protect their families who are still living in the North . One defector who calls himself Kim Dae Sung says he bought a radio on the black market and listened under the covers at night . He did n't want to risk being heard by his family or any neighbors , because they would be required by law to report him to the police . Kim Dae Sung says that although he was nervous about listening to the radio illegally , he also looked forward every night to being able to hear news of the outside world . He also says he began to realize that everything he was taught was a lie and decided to escape . He believes that the work he does at FNK radio is helping other North Koreans hear the truth about the world . "  My family is important , but what I 'm doing here at the radio station is even more important , " he said . There 's no way to determine how many North Koreans are actually listening to FNK Radio , but Kim Seong Min says he receives letters and phone calls almost daily from defectors who say they were able to hear his program through radios bought on the black market . "  When we started , I thought , if just one person , just one North Korean was listening , that would be good enough , " Kim said . "  But it 's not just one person . " Kim believes the North Koreans try to jam their radio signal into North Korea , and says the North Koreans have called him a traitor . If he were ever to go back to his homeland , Kim says , he would receive "  the highest punishment " for his work . But he and the other staffers at FNK Radio all believe that it is worth the risk . That 's why , when they receive the messages from defectors , Kim says , they often grab each other and cry . E-mail to a friend	Free North Korea Radio broadcasts news across the border from South Korea Station 's founder is former North Korean soldier who defected Broadcasts are funded partly by South Korean citizens and by U.S.
CNN Student News  -- August 20 , 2007 Quick Guide Stories of Summer '07 - Catch up on some of the big news stories from the summer of 2007 . Hurricane Dean - Find out how some U.S. officials are preparing for Hurricane Dean . Earthquake in Peru : Learn about relief efforts in Peru following a deadly earthquake . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : We 're back with a brand new school year of CNN Student News . Glad to have you with us everyone . I 'm Carl Azuz . Bracing for the storm : U.S. and Mexican authorities are preparing for a powerful hurricane tearing through the Caribbean and looks to be headed for the Gulf of Mexico . And wrapping up the summer : You might have been out of school , but the news does n't take time off . So we 're reviewing some of the summer 's big stories First Up : Stories of Summer '07 AZUZ : You might have spent the last couple months working at a summer job or working on your tan , but the news did n't stop when school let out last spring . There was tragedy in the Twin Cities when a bridge in Minnesota collapsed during rush hour , and questions in America 's pasttime when a slugger 's record-breaking trip around the bases raised a cloud of controversy . We 've followed it all and we 're ready to get you caught up on some of the biggest headlines of the summer . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP RUSTY DORNIN , CNN REPORTER : It was an extended family of rescue workers from around the country who converged on Charleston to honor the nine fallen firemen , joining blood relatives , friends and the local community . HARRIS WHITBECK , CNN REPORTER : The relatives of those victims deal with the wrenching but definite news that everybody on board the flight from Puerto Allegre died during yesterday 's crash . LIZ KENNEDY , CNN REPORTER : The questions for the CNN-sponsored debate were submitted to the online video sharing Web site YouTube . BRIAN TODD , CNN REPORTER : Animal rights protesters target their rage at an NFL star as he enters a federal courthouse . Inside , Michael Vick pleads not guilty to felony charges of dogfighting and conspiracy . ANDERSON COOPER , CNN REPORTER : Six o'clock on Wednesday evening , rush hour in Minneapolis . Cars , trucks , buses crawl across the I-35W bridge bumper to bumper . Just minutes later , that slow traffic comes to a tragic halt . JOHN VAUSE , CNN REPORTER : Many of the toys made here for the U.S. giant Mattel were coated in lead paint , and earlier this month more than a million were recalled . BARRY BONDS : This record is not tainted at all , at all , period . You guys can say whatever you want . JOHN LORINC , CNN REPORTER : Nearly a week into the search for six miners trapped in the Crandall Canyon coal mine , rescuers will now try a new tactic : drilling a third hole in an effort to find the men . BARBARA STARR , CNN REPORTER : Top U.S. commanders are now using the strongest language to condemn the killing and wounding of hundreds after multiple suicide vehicle bombs exploded in remote northern Iraqi villages , home to a religious minority group known as Yazidis . HARRIS WHITBECK , CNN REPORTER : People waited in lines for hours , desperate for food , water and blankets . Civil defense authorities estimate more than 17,000 homes were destroyed in one town alone . END VIDEO CLIP Promo AZUZ : If you want to keep the discussion going on the stories in our summer round-up , we 've got a learning activity that will help you take a closer look . Students can talk about how time and perspective might shape opinions about news events and examine how the stories from this summer might be presented in a history textbook . You can check out the free activity at CNNStudentNews.com . Hurricane Dean AZUZ : Several countries are preparing for a deadly storm that 's blowing through the Caribbean . Hurricane Dean has been tearing across the area since late last week , and on Friday , it strengthened into a Category 4 hurricane . Jamaican officials turned off some power grids in advance of the storm 's approach and advised residents to move into shelters , and the Mexican government issued a hurricane watch for areas in Dean 's projected path . This massive storm is large enough to easily be seen from space , and with its menacing winds bearing down on the Gulf of Mexico , Liz Kennedy reports on what officials are doing to get ready . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP LIZ KENNEDY , CNN REPORTER : FEMA officials came out Sunday with a message : If Hurricane Dean does make landfall on the American Gulf Coast , help is ready to go . DAVID PAULISON , FEMA DIRECTOR : We are ready . This is one of the best efforts I 've seen , the best coordinated efforts I 've seen . KENNEDY : FEMA says their latest information shows the storm not making it as far north as Texas . However , they say hurricanes are ultimately very unpredictable and they are working under the assumption the United States will be affected . The White House has already approved a request to free up federal assistance for Texas . On the Gulf of Mexico off the Texas coast Sunday , oil rig workers were evacuated via helicopter to nearby Galveston . A veteran of the rigs says he was happy to comply . KEN YATES , OIL RIG WORKER : I know what its like to be on , get caught , trapped on one and you ca n't get off of it . Its not much fun . KENNEDY : Dean is being blamed for several deaths in the Caribbean . Forecasters say it could bring up to 20 inches of rain in heavily populated Jamaica , which could trigger life-threatening floods . I 'm Liz Kennedy , reporting from Atlanta . END VIDEO CLIP Fast Facts GEORGE RAMSAY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for some Fast Facts ! Using categories of 1 to 5 , the Saffir-Simpson scale gauges how much power a hurricane packs . A Category 1 hurricane , for example , has wind speeds of at least 74 miles per hour and is capable of lightly damaging trees and shrubs . Contrast that to a seriously damaging Category 4 , which has wind speeds of more than 130 miles per hour and a storm surge of up to 18 feet above normal . Earthquake in Peru AZUZ : As you saw in our summer wrap-up , parts of Peru are recovering from a different natural disaster . A massive earthquake struck there last week , killing more than 500 people . This tremor registered an 8.0 on the Richter scale , which measures the magnitude , or strength , of earthquakes . Towns along the country 's Pacific Coast suffered the most severe damage , and many Peruvians were left in need of food , shelter and supplies . Harris Whitbeck has more on the relief efforts in the South American nation . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP HARRIS WHITBECK , CNN REPORTER : Three days after the powerful earthquake , aid continued to flow into the stricken Ica region of southern Peru . A sports stadium in the regional capital hummed with activity as workers sorted supplies . Among the workers , Peruvian President Alan Garcia 's daughter . GABRIELA GARCIA  Spanish  : We are trying not only to give support and all the solidarity that we have , but also to give our time to help in moving and classifying things . WHITBECK : People waited in lines for hours , desperate for food , water and blankets . Civil defense authorities estimate more than 17,000 homes were destroyed in one town alone . Many of the area 's residents spent the night in the streets for a third time in a row . They were surrounded by the destruction , accompanied by little more than what lay beneath the rubble EARTHQUAKE VICTIM  Spanish  : The dead are still buried under all this . It is going to start stinking here and we can be contaminated by cholera or many other epidemics . WHITBECK : Military personnel patrolled the stricken cities in efforts to prevent looting . Gunfire was heard throughout the night in Ica . Eyewitnesses reported armed inmates who had escaped from a nearby destroyed prison were roaming parts of town looting homes . Amid the chaos , a sign of hope . A baby was born to an earthquake victim while the visiting President Alan Garcia looked on . But other parents worried about the future for their families . EARTHQUAKE VICTIM  Spanish  : I need to think about rebuilding so that my son can live here . I know it is too soon , but someday I will die and my children will live on . WHITBECK : They might live on , but they will do so with the memories of the horror of the past . Harris Whitbeck , CNN , Lima , Peru . END VIDEO CLIP Promo AZUZ : CNN Student News has a new address , at least online . Check out CNNStudentNews.com . You 'll find all of our free curriculum materials , transcripts of all of our programs and of course our show . Plus , you wo n't want to miss our brand new blog . It 's all right there at CNNStudentNews.com . Shoutout RAMSAY : Time for the Shoutout ! Fill in the blank : A pachyderm is a _____ . If you think you know the answer , shout it out ! Is it a : A  Reptile , B  Mammal , C  Bird or D  Arachnid ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Elephants , hippos and rhinos are all pachyderms , and they 're all warm-blooded mammals to boot . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we 've got a look at an elephant 's trip over the hill . Siri the elephant turned the big 40 this weekend . The plodding pachyderm has been the main attraction in her zoo 's elephant exhibit for 35 years . She may be a little long in the tusk , but that does n't mean she does n't know how to party ! Plenty of fans were on hand to sing happy birthday and cheer her on as she dove trunk first into her peanut butter birthday cake . Siri 's friends at the zoo say she 's got quite the fan club . NICK PIRRO , ONONDAGA COUNTY EXECUTIVE : She 's the matriarch of the herd here , and we have one of the finest elephant breeding programs in the country . So we 're very proud of it . Goodbye AZUZ : And that 's our last bite for today . But we 'll see you again tomorrow for more CNN Student News . Thanks for watching , everyone . I 'm Carl Azuz . E-mail to a friend	Catch up on some of the big news stories from the summer of 2007 Find out how some U.S. officials are preparing for Hurricane Dean Learn about relief efforts in Peru following a deadly earthquake
CNN  -- His black robes and turban may harken back to Arab rulers from 1,500 years ago , but Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's taste in wrist-wear is decidedly more 21st century . Days after the mysterious leader of the Sunni terror group ISIS was purportedly filmed at a mosque in northern Iraq calling on believers to wage "  jihad " against God 's enemies , social media is ablaze with speculation on the make of al-Baghdadi 's watch . But while critics claimed that the flashy silver timepiece dangling from the Arab warlord 's wrist was a luxury Western watch worth thousands , his supporters say he was actually wearing a relatively more modest $ 560 "  Islamic watch " from Al-Fajr , a Saudi Arabia-based watchmaker . The deluxe stainless steel WA-10S watch -- the preferred choice of "  true Muslims , " according to some commentators on social media -- can be programmed with the correct prayer times for hundreds of cities around the world . The watch can be set to ring before each "  azan , " or call to prayer , wherever the wearer happens to be , according to the Al-Fajr website . Muslims pray five times a day , and prayer times are based on the movement of the sun , so they can vary in different places within the same city . In addition to the prayer alarms , the Swiss-made watch has a built-in compass to indicate the direction of Mecca , Islam 's holiest site , so believers will know what direction to pray . The bilingual watch displays in English and Arabic and allows you to choose either the Gregorian or Hijra calendar , which is "  based on the astronomical moon sighting at Mecca , " according to the watchmaker 's website . The deluxe model also has a Quran bookmark feature which enables you to record the last Sura and Verse number so you can pick up where you left off later . An employee at the watchmaker told CNN : "  We ca n't be sure 100 % that the watch -LSB- al-Baghdadi -RSB- was wearing was actually ours , but after seeing the picture we can assume it is the Al-Fajr WA-10S Deluxe . Though the Arabic signs were not clear , the watch 's shape is identical to ours . " "  There is no record about who bought what from the more than 30 branches we run . While we do n't have branches in Iraq , we do have them in many other countries , among them 11 Arab countries and even European branches such as the one in the UK , " the employee added . ISIS has not commented on the watch al-Baghdadi was wearing , but observers claimed earlier this week that one of the world 's most wanted men was wearing either a Rolex or a $ 5,000 Omega Seafarer -- the timepiece of choice for James Bond , the world 's most famous silver screen spy . Critics of al-Baghdadi -- the ringleader of the al Qaeda splinter group whose lightning-quick advance has seen them seize large swathes of land in Syria and Iraq in recent months -- say his flashy silver timepiece contradicted with his attempt to strike a pose of pious humility during his sermon at the mosque in Mosul . "  The ` Khalifah ' Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi makes his first appearance wearing expensive Omega or Rolex watch , " said one observer on Twitter . "  New ` Caliph ' spotted with serious bling , maybe he needs that Swiss precision to know it 's time for the Caliphate ? " joked another . Regardless of the brand , al-Baghdadi , like Osama bin Laden before him , wore the watch on his right arm in accordance with Salafist tradition dating back nearly 1,500 years to the Prophet Mohammed , who encouraged all Muslims to prioritize the right side of their bodies as they go about their daily lives . Al-Baghdadi 's appearance in Mosul came days after ISIS declared him as the leader of a new state extending from Aleppo in northeastern Syria to the Diyala province in Iraq . CNN could not independently verify the video 's authenticity , but the video did identify the man as Al-Khalifah Ibrahim , the name al-Baghdadi now goes by with his followers since ISIS declared the creation of their so-called caliphate , or "  Islamic State . " READ MORE : Pentagon targeting ISIS leader in drone strike ? READ MORE : Is ISIS the first terror group to build a state ? CNN Wires contributed to this report .	Abu-Bakr Baghdadi was purportedly filmed giving a sermon at a mosque in northern Iraq last week Observers claimed on social media that the Arab warlord was wearing an expensive Western watch Others now claim he is wearing an "  Islamic watch " that sets prayer reminders and has a Quran bookmark function An employee at Al-Fajr , the Saudi-based watchmaker , tells CNN that al-Baghdadi 's watch "  appears to be one of ours "
CNN  -- The rivalry is so intense that Barnes & Noble actually spoke its competitor 's name : "  Kindle Fire is deficient for a media tablet , " Barnes & Noble CEO William Lynch said as he unveiled his company 's Nook Tablet on Monday . "  Content will render better on Nook than on Kindle Fire . " That jab essentially re-opened the fight between Barnes & Noble and Amazon over customers looking for digital-book-reading devices . Round I in this donnybrook was between the Nook and Kindle e-readers . Next week , however , both companies will put their next-generation tablets on the market , setting up a new battle for holiday shoppers looking for gadgets that are good for reading books , watching videos and browsing the Internet . Here 's a quick comparison of the devices , which are called the Nook Tablet and Kindle Fire .  The gist , in case you 're in a hurry , is that they 're pretty darn similar ; the Kindle costs $ 50 less , while the Nook has twice the storage space and a longer advertised battery life  . Price Nook Tablet : $ 249 Kindle Fire : $ 199 Sale date Nook Tablet : November 17 Kindle Fire : November 15 Screens Both : 7-inch touch-sensitive screen with color display Purpose Both : Reading books , watching videos and browsing the Web . Both of these devices are more focused on the book-reading experience than the Apple iPad , which dominates the tablet field . Operating system Both : Customized versions of Google Android Apps You 'd think these Android-based tablets would give owners access to the popular Google Android Market , which houses more than 250,000 apps . But no . Barnes & Noble and Amazon require users to purchase apps through online stores that they 've created . Nook Tablet : "  Thousands of must-have apps , " the company says , including Angry Birds , Scrabble , Bejeweled and Epicurious . Kindle Fire : "  All the most popular apps and games , " including Angry Birds and Plants vs. Zombies . Storage space Nook Tablet : 16 GB Kindle Fire : 8 GB Memory Nook Tablet : 1GB of RAM Kindle Fire : 512 MB of RAM , according to Computerworld Weight : Nook Tablet : 14.1 ounces Kindle Fire : 14.6 ounces Battery life : Nook Tablet : 11.5 hours of reading or 9 hours of video Kindle Fire : 8 hours of reading or 7.5 hours of video with Wi-Fi turned off Books : Nook Tablet : More than 2.5 million titles Kindle Fire : More than 1 million current titles and 2 million out-of-copyright	Barnes & Noble launches the Nook Tablet to compete with Kindle Fire Both tablets are cheaper than iPads and feature color screens They tie in with Amazon and Barnes & Noble content libraries Amazon 's Kindle fire is $ 50 cheaper than the Nook Tablet
CNN  The 2016 presidential race is n't an abstract parlor game anymore . With a seven-paragraph Facebook post on Tuesday , Jeb Bush instantly transformed the nascent campaign . His decision to "  actively explore " a presidential bid accelerates the scramble for donors . It also gives the former Florida governor time to figure out how to overcome suspicion in the Republican base while positioning himself as the establishment candidate in a fragmented field . The pre-holiday timing of the announcement was a big surprise to many beyond Bush 's tight inner circle . Most of the political spotlight has been on Hillary Clinton this year , leaving GOP donors to sit back , hedge their bets and watch the field develop . But Bush 's decision to make a move now -- 13 months ahead of the Iowa caucus -- speaks to the complicated political decisions facing potential 2016 GOP candidates . They can maintain the coy stance of insisting they have n't made a decision on running , wait out the calendar and hopefully avoid a long , bruising primary like the one that left Mitt Romney damaged in 2012 . Or they can start the work now to capture the staff and donors that can take on the Clinton machine . Bush chose option B . After all , many GOP donors and operatives , who have serious doubts about much of the field but remain uneasy about the prospect of a bruising primary , have been waiting for a clear signal from either Bush or Romney , who is being pressured by many of his longtime supporters to make a third presidential run . Bush , until recently , seemed unsure about confronting the rigors of a race . Charlie Black , who chaired Sen. John McCain 's 2008 presidential run , said that prompted his potential opponents who were jockeying for establishment-minded donors to raise doubts about his interest in the race -- doubts that seemed to motivate Bush to plant a flag . "  Some of the other candidates out there have been competing for some of those dollars and some of those donors -- and some of them have been implying here and there that Jeb was n't interested , " he said . Now Bush has signaled he 's serious and can begin to lock down commitments from those donors -- making it a tougher race for many of his opponents . Bush "  froze the donor sector of the hidden primary , " said Florida-based Republican strategist Rick Wilson , noting that by stepping one foot into the race so early Bush has created a far steeper climb for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . "  All those Wall Street donor types who absolutely loved Chris Christie a year and a half ago , and cooled off to him a year ago , are now not returning his phone calls . He 's undisciplined . They kept seeing it over and over again . " There are grave concerns within the Republican Party about whether Christie can recover from the George Washington Bridge scandal and whether voters will appreciate his bravado . Centrist Republicans view Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul with skepticism , despite his grassroots base and determined drift toward more palatable positions on foreign policy . While Texas Gov. Rick Perry appears to be making all the right moves -- enlisting tutors and meeting with activists -- he has yet to convince the party faithful that he can pick up the pieces from his disastrous 2012 run . Other potential candidates like Florida Sen. Marco Rubio have intrigued Republican voters , but still have a long way to go before demonstrating they can command the field . Al Cardenas , a close Bush family ally and GOP lobbyist , said he does n't believe Romney will run if Bush becomes the clear frontrunner in the race . "  I 've spoken with Mitt Romney , who I consider to be a great friend and a great leader , about 2016 , and I 've always been under the assumption if people he trusts like Jeb Bush decide to run that he would not decide to do that , " he said . WATCH : Bush 45 ? But other operatives close to Romney said Tuesday they did not think Bush 's decision would foreclose a Romney run . That could create a situation where donors remain on the sidelines well into the spring to avoid choosing sides . Though the two men have expressed mutual admiration for one another , they are not close . By announcing the formation of a leadership PAC and signaling his intentions so early , Bush at once acknowledged his considerable advantages and vulnerabilities -- including his positions on immigration and education reforms -- as he mulls a final decision . He comes to the race with a committed core of donors , who date back to his father and brother 's bids for the White House , and his allies have been building the Bush 2016 finance team now for several months . Bush 's establishment of a leadership PAC -- a step that falls well short of a formal exploratory committee -- will also allow him to travel freely to early primary states to test the length of his brother 's shadow on his potential presidential campaign . Fatigue from the Bush years , stemming from the expansion of federal spending and the U.S. military entanglements in Iraq and Afghanistan , was a huge drag on Republicans in 2006 and 2008 . But George W. Bush 's favorability ratings have rebounded since they hit their low of 32 % in April 2008 , according to polling by Gallup . Earlier this year , a Gallup survey showed that 53 % of American voters now view George W. Bush favorably . Former President George H.W. Bush 's approval ratings in that survey -- 63 % -- were just a point shy of the high marks given to former President Bill Clinton . Still some Republicans did not mince words on Tuesday about the drawbacks of the Bush name . "  I ca n't see the country electing another Bush , " Sen Tom Coburn told reporters off the Senate floor . "  I love Jeb Bush -- I think he 's a nice guy . I just ca n't see it . " "  There are still hard feeling about George W. , " Coburn continued . "  So you start out with a negative -  because  you 've got the wrong last name . If he did n't have that last name he 'd be a pretty good candidate . " Still , there is a large cadre of former Bush donors who backed Romney in 2012 , and the former Florida Governor now can test their willingness to come back into the fold -- even as a Romney run hangs as a possibility . Of equal importance , Bush now has a long lead time to confront the most formidable challenge facing his bid : winning over core Republican activists in the early states of Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina who vehemently disagree with his moderate stance on immigration reform and his support for Common Core educational standards . He signaled his strategy on that front -- and the fact that he will not be cowed by activists hostile to his bid -- during a Wall Street Journal CEO Council meeting earlier this month when he said the GOP presidential nominee should n't violate their principles to win the primary . By giving himself a year to begin the courtship of activists in Iowa , New Hampshire and other early states , former New Hampshire GOP committeeman Tom Rath said , Bush "  is taking these issues on and letting them play out -- and they typically lose a lot of their punch when they are played out and discussed over time ... This gives a lot of time to let the air go out of some of those balloons . " "  If you look at the race basically as geography , he defines a very important part of that geography : the center-right governing conservative spot on the map , " added Rath , who supported Romney in 2008 and 2012 , "  and that typically is the person that we nominate . " Longtime Iowa political observer Craig Robinson , said Bush 's announcement caught many Republican activists in Iowa off guard because he has spent so little time there , but it was viewed Tuesday as a wise move . "  He needs a longer period of time to communicate to people where he is on education . He 's going to have to explain what he wants to happen on immigration , " said Robinson , former political director of the Iowa GOP and editor of the Iowa Republican , a website . "  There 's really only one spot for an establishment candidate in Iowa ... . And it 's as wide open as it 's ever been . " Kevin Madden , a Republican strategist , noted that Bush 's early decision will allow him to lock down staff with expertise in those key states , who can begin the easing the concerns of activists in earnest -- highlighting his conservative record as governor of Florida and tackling questions about his current positioning on education and immigration . "  Every single candidate has an ` oppo ' book with their name on the front cover , " Madden said . "  The difference between those candidates winning and losing is the team you put together and the strategy that you execute to overcome many of those vulnerabilities and put yourself in a position to win . " New Hampshire Senator Kelly Ayotte hinted at the difficulty of that spade work ahead for Bush and all of the 2016 candidates in an interview Tuesday . "  He has n't really been to New Hampshire yet , " she said when asked about Bush 's announcement . "  I do n't care who you are , you have to do the hard work in New Hampshire ... . Obviously , coming into it with the Bush name , he 'll have name recognition . But I think everyone will get an open vetting in New Hampshire . " CNN 's Chris Moody , Deirdre Walsh and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	With early announcement , Bush sets his mark on money and activists Setting his mark , Bush sets up steep climb for Christie Mitt Romney 's shadow still lingers over Bush
CNN  -- New York City officials are proposing banning the sale of large-size sodas and other sugary beverages at restaurants and food carts . "  More than half of NYC adults  58 %  are overweight or obese , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg tweeted Thursday . "  We 're doing something about it . " Opinion : Big Gulp ? Meet Big Brother The ban would outlaw such drinks larger than 16 ounces at restaurants , food carts and any other establishments that receive letter grades for food service . It would not apply to grocery stores . Critics -- including McDonald 's and Coca-Cola , which stand to be hurt by the proposal -- quickly assailed it as "  misguided " and "  arbitrary . " Is drinking soda really bad for you ? The New York City Department of Health will submit the measure to the Board of Health on June 12 . There will then be a three-month comment period before the board votes on the proposal , officials said . "  If approved , the city 's proposal would take effect six months after Board of Health approval and would be enforced by the city 's regular restaurant inspection team , " a statement from Bloomberg 's office said . "  Restaurant owners will have nine months from the adoption of the proposal until they face fines . " Fines will then be $ 200 , the statement said . Soft drinks : Public enemy No. 1 in obesity fight ? Speaking by satellite to the All Things D technology event in California -- a previously scheduled appearance -- Bloomberg said , "  This is something we think we have the legal authority to do . WeÂ ¹ re not taking away anybody 's right to do something ; we 're simply making it different for them in how they do it . " He said he hoped the move will help lead to different behaviors . The city spends $ 4 billion a year on medical care for overweight people , he said . The statement from his office cited health problems facing the city , including an increase in obesity . "  The single largest driver of these alarming increases in obesity is sugary drinks , which have grown in size , " the statement said . It was not immediately clear what that assertion was based on . Overheard on CNN.com : Doughnut lovers ' lament , washed down with a giant soda While the consumption of sugary drinks contributes to obesity , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention does not name a single largest cause nationally . In a report this month , the nonprofit Institute of Medicine said , despite the "  difficulty of quantifying relative contributions to the obesity epidemic , researchers have found strong associations between intake of sugar-sweetened beverages and weight gain . Although the exact mechanisms of how sugar-sweetened beverages contribute to obesity are not fully known , their link to obesity is stronger than that observed for any other food or beverage . " The New York City Health Department commissioner , Dr. Tom Farley , tweeted , "  Big sugary drinks are major contributor to obesity epidemic . We 're proposing to cap them at 16 oz . in restaurants . " Eatocracy : How I kicked my Coke habit "  There they go again , " Stefan Friedman , a spokesman for the New York City Beverage Association , said in a statement Thursday . "  The New York City Health Department 's unhealthy obsession with attacking soft drinks is again pushing them over the top . The city is not going to address the obesity issue by attacking soda because soda is not driving the obesity rates . " McDonald 's restaurants issued a statement saying , "  Public health issues can not be effectively addressed through a narrowly focused and misguided ban . This is a complex topic , and one that requires a more collaborative and comprehensive approach . " A statement from the Coca-Cola company said the "  people of New York City are much smarter than the New York City Health Department believes . ... New Yorkers expect and deserve better than this . They can make their own choices about the beverages they purchase . We hope New Yorkers loudly voice their disapproval about this arbitrary mandate . " Bloomberg bans smoking in parks But Center for Science in the Public Interest spokesman Jeff Cronin told CNN that his group considers the decision the "  boldest move in the country " and "  not the first time that Mayor  Michael  Bloomberg has led the charge . " "  In the same way New York City generated momentum for calorie labeling and for getting rid of artificial trans fat , we hope this move today will start a national movement to ratchet down out of control soda serving sizes , " Cronin said . Broad public health initiatives have become a hallmark of Bloomberg 's administration . Under the mayor , the city has banned trans fats from restaurants , smoking from parks , and has placed graphic ads targeting junk food and tobacco in public transit . NY officials : Take soda out of food stamp program The CDC says that "  many people do n't realize just how many calories beverages can contribute to their daily intake . " The CDC 's National Center for Health Statistics , in a brief last August , said sugar drinks "  have been linked to poor diet quality , weight gain , obesity , and , in adults , type 2 diabetes . " The American Heart Association has recommended a consumption goal of no more than 450 kilocalories of sugar-sweetened beverages -- fewer than three 12-ounce cans of carbonated cola -- per week , the report says . But Friedman , in his statement , said that "  as obesity continues to rise , CDC data shows that calories from sugar-sweetened beverages are a small and declining part of the American diet . " Beverage Digest , which tracks sales , reported that in 2011 , sales of carbonated soft drinks dropped by 1 % , a steeper decline than the year before . Total sales of carbonated soft drinks are down to the level they were in 1996 , the report said . Per capita consumption is at its lowest since 1987 , the report said . But the CDC notes that the consumption of sugar drinks -- including non-carbonated beverages -- is higher than it was 30 years ago . And part of the key to cutting calories is "  to think about what you drink , " it says . That includes watching calories in coffee drinks and smoothies , the CDC says . Just over half -- 52 % -- of calories from sugar drinks are consumed at home , the CDC brief said . CNN 's Ronni Berke , Mark Norman , and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	NEW : More than half of NYC adults are overweight , Mayor Bloomberg says NEW : "  This is something we think we have the legal authority to do , " Bloomberg says New Yorkers are "  much smarter " than health officials believe , Coca-Cola says Industry spokesman : Such drinks "  are a small and declining part of the American diet "
CNN  -- Before women gained the right to vote in 1920 , Besse Cooper joined the suffrage movement . Then 24 , the Georgia school teacher registered women to vote and spoke to others about the importance of having a voice in politics . Cooper voted in every election after the 19th Amendment was passed , save for two . She died Tuesday , at age 116 , only one of eight people recognized by the Guinness World Records to have lived that long . Her son Sidney said his mother had her hair done Tuesday morning by a stylist at the assisted-living center where she had lived for the past 11 years but began to have trouble breathing . She died later in her room , peacefully , he said . When asked for her secret to a long life , Cooper told the Guinness website earlier this year : "  I mind my own business . And I do n't eat junk food . " Sidney Cooper , 77 , said his mother was a strong , determined woman who , like the school teacher she was , could be a disciplinarian . She was fair and honest , he said , but "  when she said something needed to be done , you 'd better do it . " Besse Cooper was born in Sullivan County , Tennessee , on August 26 , 1896 . She began to go to school at age 5 -- yes , she walked from a log cabin -- to make sure one of her brothers attended . She grew to love going to class and eventually went to East Tennessee Normal School  now East Tennessee State University  in Johnson City to study education . When she graduated , she got a job earning $ 35 a month . When she heard from a friend she could make more in Georgia , she got a job in Monroe making twice as much . She married Luther Cooper in 1924 , and he died in 1963 . She never remarried . Sidney Cooper said his mother always said her best years were when she was in her 80s . He will always remember her with her straw hat on , working in the flower garden , scratching weeds away with her hoe . She always had fresh-cut flowers in her home , and in her later years , her family would bring some to her room . She also loved to watch the news on television , her son said . "  She was very intelligent , " Sidney Cooper said . "  She loved to read . " Her eyesight had deteriorated , though , and she no longer read the Bible or any of the great works of fiction . Aside from a few heart issues , she was in "  amazing " health , her son said , adding that she never complained of pain even in her final days . Besse Cooper gained the distinction of being oldest living human from Guinness World Records in January 2011 . She briefly moved to second on the list when the record keepers found a woman in Brazil who was 48 days older , but Maria Gomes Valentim died in June 2011 , just weeks before her 115th birthday . The oldest person to have ever lived , according to Guinness World Records , was Jeanne Louise Calment . She died in southern France in 1997 at the age of 122 . As for her voting record , Besse Cooper did n't vote this year . Neither she nor her husband voted in 1948 . They thought Thomas Dewey was a shoo-in . Besse Cooper is survived by four children , 11 grandchildren , 13 great-grandchildren and two great-great grandchildren .	NEW : Besse Cooper was one of the first women to vote in Georgia , helped sign others up to cast ballots Cooper lived in Monroe , Georgia , and her son says she died peacefully She once said she lived so long because she watched what she ate and did n't cause trouble Only eight people have ever been documented to have lived to age 116
Cristiano Ronaldo is in the running to win the FIFA World Player of the Year for a second successive year after being named on a 23-man shortlist for this year 's award . The Portuguese winger , who joined Real Madrid this summer from Manchester United for a world record transfer fee , heads a familiar cast of football 's biggest names ahead of the annual gala in Zurich , Switzerland , on December 21 . Champions League holders Barcelona boast six nominees -- defender Carlos Puyol , midfielders Andres Iniesta and Xavi , and strikers Lionel Messi , Thierry Henry and Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Former Barca star Samuel Eto'o , now playing for Inter Milan , also joins the nominations list . Spain 's La Liga boasts 11 nominees altogether , in addition to the Barcelona contingent there is Valencia 's David Villa , Sevilla 's Luis Fabiano and Real Madrid 's Kaka and Iker Casillas . The English Premier League follows with eight nominees ; England internationals Wayne Rooney , John Terry , Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard are among those up for the award . Nominees list : Michael Ballack  Germany  , Gianluigi Buffon  Italy  , Iker Casillas  Spain  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Portugal  , Diego  Brazil  , Didier Drogba  Ivory Coast  , Michael Essien  Ghana  , Samuel Eto'o  Cameroon  , Steven Gerrard  England  , Thierry Henry  France  , Zlatan Ibrahimovic  Sweden  , Andres Iniesta  Spain  , Kaka  Brazil  , Frank Lampard  England  , Luis Fabiano  Brazil  , Lionel Messi  Argentina  , Carles Puyol  Spain  , Franck Ribery  France  , Wayne Rooney  England  , John Terry  England  , Fernando Torres  Spain  , David Villa  Spain  , Xavi  Spain  .	FIFA announce list of nominations for the World Player of the Year award The annual ceremony takes place in Zurich , Switzerland on December 21 Reigning holder Cristiano Ronaldo of Real Madrid nominated once again
CNN  -- What 's the best thing you could stumble upon when transiting through a major international airport ? A Cinnabon passing out free samples ? A security checkpoint with no line ? Not bad choices , but for unexpected pleasure they hardly measure up to a dress made entirely of Hello Kitty dolls or a Kamen Rider escorting your humdrum slog to the departure gate . Those last two items are part of Japanese Toys ! From Kokeshi to Kaiju , the current exhibition at the SFO Museum inside Terminal 3 at San Francisco International Airport . Debuting in November 2013 , the exhibit has become such a success -- the most popular exhibit ever for the museum -- that its run has recently been extended through mid-May . "  Travelers love it . Many people have really been caught by surprise as they walk through the terminal and see the colorful kaleidoscope of Japanese toys , " says Nicole Mullen , curator of exhibitions at SFO Museum . Atomic dragon meets world-conquering cat With dozens of colorful items , the exhibit presents the evolution of Japanese toys , from kokeshi  wooden dolls dating at least to the 1800s  to Godzilla to everyone 's favorite mouthless cat . Popular items also include vinyl kaiju  monster  figures and novelties from the futuristic TV series "  Ultraman , " which premiered in 1966 . "  For a show such as this one , some people will have a memory of a particular character from their childhood , such as Hello Kitty or Godzilla , that they get particularly excited about , " says Mullen . The toys supply a window into Japanese customs , legends and history . Early Japanese folk toys were made by local craftsmen . After Japan opened to the West , however , toys that emulated their German and American counterparts began to emerge , such as classic wind-up and battery-operated toys . The thriving Japanese movie , television and manga industries that followed World War II spawned a legion of iconic characters . According to Megan Callan , assistant curator of museum affairs for SFO Museum , more than 4.6 million passengers have walked through SFO Terminal 3 since the exhibit premiered . "  Seen through the lens of social media , this exhibit is our most popular to date , with daily references through sites like Twitter and Instagram , " says Callan . The museum has created the hashtag #JapaneseToys . Airport museums thriving Exhibits of art and cultural pieces are becoming the norm at many U.S. airports , with some 20 or more airports regularly hosting exhibits . San Diego International Airport , Philadelphia International Airport and Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport are noteworthy among airport exhibit aficionados . But SFO Museum is the only one accredited by the American Alliance of Museums . Since opening in 1980 , SFO Museum has grown from one gallery space to more than 20 galleries hosting 40 exhibits each year . Dewey Blanton of the American Alliance of Museums calls SFO Museum the "  most ambitious one " among all airports with exhibition programs . "  The great works of art the San Francisco Airport museum showcases send the message to visitors and travelers that San Francisco is a center of culture , they value culture and art , " says Blanton . "  This is a very educated and sophisticated city you are coming to . " For non-travelers , one chance to see it For those not traveling through SFO before the Japanese toys exhibit closes in mid-May , the Japan Society of Northern California is organizing a panel discussion and guided tour on April 22 . Registration is open to anyone -- for non-travelers , the tour is the only chance see the toys in person . Among other speakers , toy collector Mark Nagata will talk about the history of Japanese toys and their influence on contemporary culture . Japanese Toys ! From Kokeshi to Kaiju ; on display in SFO Terminal 3 until mid-May . Exhibition tour registration here ; April 22 ; 6-9 p.m. ; registration deadline 11:59 p.m. , April 14 ; advance registration required , no walk-ins permitted due to security restrictions .	Current exhibition at the SFO Museum at San Francisco International Airport features Japanese toys "  Seen through the lens of social media , this exhibit is our most popular to date , " says museum SFO Museum is the only airport museum accredited by the American Alliance of Museums
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Indian nanny who saved the life of an Israeli boy during the Mumbai terror attacks in 2008 has been granted honorary citizenship and temporary residency in Israel . At a ceremony Monday , the Israeli interior ministry in Jerusalem handed Sandra Samuel her identity card . "  I hope I will honor the citizenship and love Israel . I would give my heart and soul for Israel , " she said . Samuel has been caring for the boy , Moshe Holtzberg , since his parents died in the terror attacks on a Jewish cultural center , Chabad House , and several luxury hotels in India 's financial capital . They were among six people who were killed at Chabad House . Altogether , more than 160 people died in the attacks . During the raids , 10 men also attacked buildings including the luxury Taj Mahal Palace and Tower and Oberoi-Trident hotels and the city 's Chhatrapati Shivaji train station . The only surviving gunman , Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , a Pakistani , was convicted of murder , conspiracy , and waging war . Moshe 's father , Rabbi Gavriel Noach Holtzberg , and his pregnant wife , Rivka , ran the Mumbai headquarters of the Chabad community -- a Hasidic Jewish movement . Samuel , who worked as a cook and nanny at the Chabad House , found Moshe -- who turned 2 just after the attacks -- standing between the bodies of his slain parents . She returned to Israel and has continued to care for the boy , helping his grandparents to raise him . "  Sandra Samuel stepped into the fire and abyss and did not think of herself , " said Rabbi Shimon Rosenberg , Moshe 's grandfather , at the ceremony . "  She saved Moshe from the fire and we as Jews must thank and respect her . " CNN 's Michal Zippori contributed to this report .	Samuel : "  I would give my heart and soul for Israel " She has been caring for the boy since his parents died in an attack on Chabad House in India She found the boy standing between his parents ' bodies
Lee rubs his chin with his forefinger ; his face obscured by a blue baseball cap . We sit together in the back of a taxi beside a frigid river near China 's bleak northeastern border with North Korea . He 's traveling with Chinese smuggling gangs or "  snakeheads . " They fed and clothed him when he escaped . Lee speaks in staccato sentences . "  I was a soldier , " he says , "  I did something on the base and I had to flee . " Lee wo n't say what he did and we ca n't give his real name for his own safety . He wants to protect his wife and child in North Korea . Whatever the reason , it compelled him to flee like thousands before him . United Nations officials , human rights activists and smugglers say North Korean refugees face a daunting journey to reach asylum in South Korea . And crossing into China is often the easiest part of the whole process . "  We all know how to escape to China . A lot people in North Korea know how to do it , " says Lee . Underground network For years , an established underground network got refugees like Lee out . Charities and South Korean evangelical groups ran a kind of underground railroad for North Koreans out of Dandong , a booming border city in China . But in recent years , the Chinese government has tightened border controls and clamped down on these groups . Now refugees must depend on snakeheads . "  They have to operate in the shadows , " says Jeremy Douglas , the Regional Representative of the U.N. Office for Drugs and Crime  UNODC  , "  Because if they come out of North Korea and get noticed , they will be sent home . " China has a uniform policy of sending refugees back to the autocratic regime they fled . In fact , China does n't refer to fleeing North Koreans as refugees at all . They call them "  illegal economic migrants . " Last month Yonhap , the South Korean news agency , reported that 11 North Korean defectors were arrested by Chinese police as they tried to enter Myanmar , which borders southern China . One was just seven years old . If the North Koreans are caught and sent back , experts say , they face a litany of human rights abuses . "  Persons who are forcibly repatriated from China are commonly subjected to torture , arbitrary detention , summary execution , forced abortion and other forms of sexual violence , " states a damning U.N. report on the Human Rights situation in North Korea . The report calls on China to give the U.N. Refugee agency  UNHCR  access to fleeing North Koreans , something that China currently does n't allow . "  China is , frankly , shamelessly violating its international obligations , " says Phil Robertson of Human Rights Watch , "  China has ratified the refugee convention and should be treating these people who are fleeing from North Korea as refugees . " Fear of North Korean influx In a written submission to the U.N. , China rejected the "  unfounded allegations " relating to China in the U.N. Commission of Inquiry 's report into North Korea , and hinted that the research was politicized . China did not allow the U.N. commission to investigate the situation inside China . Robertson says China fears an influx of North Koreans into the country if it eases its rules for defectors . The Communist Party fears any instability in North Korea or within its own borders , so the argument holds weight . Because of China 's policy , the passage to Seoul is a daunting one . "  From North Korea , people have to take advantage of smuggling rings to get out . There are pre-established ways for safe passage , " says Douglas of UNODC , "  a steady stream of people are making the journey . " He says that North Koreans will often try to travel in small groups . According to Human Rights Watch , North Koreans will switch cars regularly and make the journey by land from the border to Laos . Travel by rail or air is impossible because they have no paperwork . But last year , the Laotian government alarmed human rights groups when they sent back a group of young defectors to North Korea via China . If North Koreans make it through the border into China , and somehow manage to evade Chinese security authorities for thousands of miles , they must then sneak through Laotian territory , and make their way into Thailand . "  Thailand is the promised land , " says Robertson , because North Koreans found there are deported to South Korea . "  Thailand considers that North Koreans can be sent to South Korea since the South Korean constitution sets out that all Koreans are citizens of the South , " he says . Yet when they arrive in South Korea , Robertson says the story is not over . The smugglers have to be paid . South Korea 's government provides "  start-up money " for defectors , which as the name suggests , is cash to help them settle . But many end up using it to pay off their debts to smugglers and brokers . Robertson says if they ca n't pay , the smuggling can turn into human trafficking . But Lee is only at the very start of this long journey . He says the Chinese smugglers have clothed and fed him and he hopes to meet us in Seoul one day . Despite all of the risks he 's determined to make it . "  If there is a time in the future , let 's meet and talk , " he says . OPINION : Moment of truth for North Korea over human rights	CNN 's David McKenzie spends time with recent defector from North Korea He tells of the harrowing escape into China , only the start of his journey to South Korea Defectors forced to use smuggling gangs to escape the regime , as China will send them back Thailand is "  the promised land , " as authorities will send them on to South Korea
CNN  -- Fireworks continued to erupt between Bolivia and Peru over a costume worn at this year 's Miss Universe pageant . Last week , during the national costume part of the competition , Miss Peru , Karen Schwarz , wore an Andean-inspired outfit featuring a headpiece with large horns based on the costume used in the traditional Diablada , or deviled , folk dance . In wearing the outfit , Schwarz unwittingly set off a firestorm in Bolivia , whose culture minister Pablo Groux threatened to go to the International Court of Justice in The Hague to claim that the Diablada belongs to Bolivia 's culture and no one else . Bolivia sent a letter to the Miss Universe organizers , citing evidence that the dance has its roots in Bolivia and distinctly belongs to the country , Bolivia 's state-run news agency ABI reported . Bolivia dancers showcased the Diablada at events in Washington and Panama , and Bolivia 's ambassador to France summed up the country 's stance , according to ABI : "  We ask that urgent , adequate , opportune and pertinent measures be taken to protect Bolivian cultural patrimony and the respect of the origin of our customs and ancient traditions . " Peruvian officials have said that the Diablada folk dance has its roots in both countries . Bolivia has no grounds to claim the dance in the international court , countered Peru 's director of its National Institute of Culture , Cecilia Bakula told the newspaper El Comercio . "  This issue should stop because we ca n't lose tolerance or respect between both countries over things like this , " Schwarz said in an interview with Bolivian media . "  We have a dance that unites us because the Diablada is danced in Bolivia and Peru . " The cultural dispute comes at a time of political disagreement between the countries relating to maritime access at the border between Chile and Peru . Peruvian President Alan Garcia has accused Chile and land-locked Bolivia of negotiating an under-the-table deal that would leave Peru out . On Monday Peru said it was taking its own case to the International Court of Justice over the maritime dispute .	Miss Peru , Karen Schwarz , set off firestorm in Bolivia with Andean-inspired outfit Bolivia 's cultural minister threatens to go to international court Report : Peru cultural director says Bolivia has no grounds to claim dance Peru also threatens to go to court : over maritime dispute with Chile and Bolivia
"  We are determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons . " So said President Barack Obama on Friday at the annual general assembly of the Union for Reform Judaism . As presidential sentences go , it 's an artfully constructed one . It 's not a statement about Iran . It 's not a statement about nuclear weapons . It 's a statement about the president 's feelings . As such , the statement arrives with a built-in loophole . "  W  e have imposed the most comprehensive , the hardest-hitting sanctions that the Iranian regime has ever faced . " That sentence , from the same speech , is likewise literally true . The president has somewhat tightened the sanctions already in place when he entered office . So yes , the sanctions now in place are the "  hardest-hitting " the regime "  has ever faced . " On the other hand , despite the tightening , the sanctions remain pitifully inadequate to the job . Iran 's most crucial import is gasoline , because this oil-producing nation can not refine enough gasoline for its automobiles . Gasoline imports to Iran are supposedly sanctioned . Despite sanctions , Iran has increased its imports of gasoline over the past 90 days , according to news reports . As sanctions fail to bait , the options on halting Iran 's nuclear program get uglier . Somebody  Israel ? Iranian dissidents backed by Saudi Arabia ?  is carrying out a campaign of violent sabotage against Iran 's nuclear program . On November 12 , a huge explosion leveled an Iranian missile base near Tehran . Iran acknowledged the explosion killed several dozen people , including the head of its missile program . By some reports , the dead included a team of visiting North Korean missile scientists . Two weeks later , another huge explosion was heard near Isfahan , site of an Iranian uranium enrichment facility . This time , however , the Iranian regime offered no statement or details on the explosion . If any Western government knows anything , that government is not sharing its information . Over the past few years , there have been numerous reports of the assassination of Iranian nuclear scientists , including one shot dead on a busy street by a motorcyclist in July . Some foreign policy analysts suggest a policy of "  containment " and "  deterrence " of Iran 's nuclear weapons . That policy seems incredibly unrealistic , given the Iranian regime 's long history of reckless adventurism , including terrorist operations on the soil of  among others  : Argentina , France , Germany , Lebanon , Iraq , Israel , Saudi Arabia , Turkey , the United Kingdom and the United States . But even if containment and deterrence were realistic options , the situation has moved far past that point . There 's a covert war being waged apparently over the Iranian nuclear program . Iran is waging a brutal irregular campaign of its own : It 's suspected of being behind an assassination attempt against the Saudi ambassador to the United States ; it has given aid to Bashar al-Assad 's Syria and to Hezbollah in Lebanon and has aided insurgents in Afghanistan . And Iran 's nuclear ambitions have unleashed a cycle that will not be stable -- that is much more likely to end in open conflict than in a standoff . Yet there is a leader pushing a plan that could end the cycle without war : U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois . For a year , the freshman senator has been urging a new approach to sanctions , an approach that truly would force an Iranian rethink . The Kirk plan , co-sponsored by Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , would impose sanctions on the Iranian central bank , in effect severing Iran from the entire global payments system . Specifically , the Menendez-Kirk amendment would forbid any U.S. financial institution to deal with the Iranian central bank -- or to deal with any financial institution that does so . Every bank would find itself confronted with a stark threat : If you do business with Iran , you will lose access to the largest financial market on earth . These sanctions would collapse the central bank of Iran and shove the Iranian economy onto a barter system for all external transactions . The Menendez-Kirk amendment passed the Senate 100-0 as an amendment to the Defense Authorization Act . On Friday , it passed the House of Representatives and will now head to the president 's desk for his signature . The Obama administration has opposed Mendendez-Kirk for fear of roiling world oil markets . Iran exports 2.5 million barrels per day . To put that figure in perspective , the Keystone XL pipeline from Canada  a decision on which the Obama administration has just postponed  could have added 700,000 barrels per day to world exports , alone substituting for almost one-third of Iranian exports . Libya and Iraq have capacity to increase their production quickly and substantially , and of course the U.S. government has 727 million barrels in the strategic petroleum reserve , more than ample to deal with supply shocks . Still , to respond to administration concerns , the Menendez-Kirk amendment now empowers the president to issue waivers on both national security and economic grounds . Most observers expect the president to sign the Defense Authorization legislation with the Menendez-Kirk amendment -- and then seek to evade the amendment 's requirements . He will certainly have the authority to do so . This evasion will however come at a political price . The central bank sanctions in Menendez-Kirk begin to bite hard six months out -- i.e. , about the time of the Republican and Democratic conventions . If the president is then granting waivers to banks that want to do business with Iran , that action will be visible and politically costly . The utmost irony here is that detractors in the administration and in the foreign policy establishment criticize Menendez-Kirk as a form of confrontation with Iran . In reality , Menendez-Kirk is the last and best chance for regional peace : the last best hope to avoid the horrible choice of either using force to stop Iran -- or acquiescing as Iran gains the power to wage nuclear terror against its neighbors and the world .	David Frum : Obama talks of commitment to Iran sanctions , but they are not strong enough He says "  covert war " over Iran 's nuclear program more likely to end in conflict than in standoff Frum : Plan for sanctions on Iran central bank would sever Iran from global payments system Frum : Obama should support Menendez-Kirk plan -- best and last chance for regional peace
CNN  -- Jeff Peterson and his 30 volunteer comrades with the Community Fire Department in suburban Charlotte , North Carolina , were enjoying an early Christmas dinner Sunday afternoon when someone looked out a window and saw smoke , thinking it might be a car fire . A few donned gear as others rushed outside the North Belmont station house to find it was an SUV that had struck a tree . Video taken at the scene showed flames shooting out of the engine compartment and the driver 's white door blackened from the fire . Local resident Kathy Lamberth apparently had lost control of the Suburban , CNN affiliate WSOC reported . "  You could n't see in the vehicle , " which was about 35 yards from the station , Peterson , 36 , told HLN on Wednesday . Within moments , Peterson and fellow paramedic Neil Jones , along with firefighter/EMT Jake Beatty , found the doors were jammed . They opened the rear swinging doors of the vehicle and saw Lamberth , whose seat had been pushed back by the impact , trying to reach her 3-week-old son , Landen . "  We knew while it was an urgent situation we could make the rescue without harming ourselves , " said Peterson , who provided aid to the mother and son after Jones and Beatty brought them out of the burning vehicle . "  I thought as long as he made it I was happy , " Lamberth said , referring to her son . Landen did not suffer injuries , WSOC said . Lamberth , 23 , who was treated at a hospital and released , had gratitude for the firefighters . "  They were our guardian angels , " she said . Officials credit part of the quick response to the fact they had gathered for the meal . "  We were miraculously all there for dinner , " Peterson said . HLN 's Tracey Jordan and CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	A mother and infant son were trapped in the vehicle Volunteer firefighters in a North Carolina town pulled them from the burning SUV The accident occurred a short distance from the fire department
If you 're rich and want to give money to a lot of political campaigns , the Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that you can . The 5-4 ruling eliminated limits on how much money people can donate in total in one election season . However , the decision left intact the current $ 5,200 limit on how much an individual can give to any single candidate during a two-year election cycle . Until now , an individual donor could give up to $ 123,200 per cycle . The ruling means a wealthy liberal or conservative donor can give as much money as desired to federal election candidates across the country , as long as no candidate receives more than the $ 5,200 cap . While most people lack the money to make such a large total donation to election campaigns , the ruling clears the way for more private money to enter the system . In effect , it expands the loosening of campaign finance laws that occurred with the high court 's Citizens United decision in 2010 that eased campaign spending by outside groups . Are campaign donations a form of free speech ? At issue was whether limits in the Federal Election Campaign Act on overall -- or aggregate -- campaign spending by individuals violate the First Amendment rights of contributors . "  We conclude that the aggregate limits on contributions do not further the only governmental interest this court accepted as legitimate " in a 1976 ruling , said Chief Justice John Roberts , who wrote the opinion of the court 's conservative majority . "  They instead intrude without justification on a citizen 's ability to exercise the most fundamental First Amendment activities . " In dissent , Justice Stephen Breyer said the majority opinion will have the effect of creating "  huge loopholes in the law ; and that undermines , perhaps devastates , what remains of campaign finance reform . " Republican leaders hailed the decision as an affirmation of free expression rights . "  It does not permit one more dime to be given to an individual candidate or a party -- it just respects the constitutional rights of individuals to decide how many to support , " said Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . However , congressional supporters of tougher campaign finance laws expressed concern about more private money influencing elections . "  I am concerned that today 's ruling may represent the latest step in an effort by a majority of the court to dismantle entirely the longstanding structure of campaign finance law erected to limit the undue influence of special interests on American politics , " said Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona , a longtime proponent of campaign finance reform . New campaign finance reform ? Some legislators called for new campaign finance legislation in response to the ruling , but such reforms appeared impossible in an election year . Sen. Pat Leahy of Vermont , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , said he would hold a hearing on the impact of "  alarming Supreme Court decisions that have eviscerated our campaign finance laws . " Another top Senate Democrat , Charles Schumer of New York , warned of further erosion of limits on special interest influence in elections . "  This in itself is a small step , but another step on the road to ruination , " Schumer said . "  It could lead to interpretations of the law that would result in the end of any fairness in the political system as we know it . " The case involved Shaun McCutcheon , the owner of an Alabama electrical engineering company , with support from the Republican National Committee . They objected to a 1970s Watergate-era law restricting someone from giving no more than $ 48,600 to federal candidates , and $ 74,600 to political action committees during a two-year election cycle , for a maximum of $ 123,200 . McCutcheon argued he had a constitutional right to donate more than that amount to as many office seekers as he wanted , as long as no single candidate got more than the $ 5,200 per election limit  $ 2,600 for a primary election and another $ 2,600 for a general election  . "  Spending money on advertising , promoting ideas and supporting candidates is an exercise of our right to freedom of speech , " McCutcheon told CNN on Wednesday after the ruling came out . Preventing corruption Supporters of the limits struck down Wednesday said the law prevented corruption or the appearance of corruption . Without the limits , they argued , one well-heeled donor could in theory contribute to every federal race possible . The ruling leaves in place current donor limits to individual candidates , and donor disclosure requirements by candidates , political parties , and political action committees . "  What I think this means is that freedom of speech is being upheld , " said House Speaker John Boehner , an Ohio Republican . "  You all have the freedom to write what you want to write . Donors ought to have the freedom to give what they want to give . " But supporters of the limits expressed disappointment . "  The Supreme Court majority continued on its march to destroy the nation 's campaign finance laws , which were enacted to prevent corruption and protect the integrity of our democracy , " said Democracy 21 president Fred Wertheimer , a longtime advocate for election money reforms . "  The court re-created the system of legalized bribery today that existed during the Watergate days . " Congress passed the individual aggregate limits in the wake of the Watergate scandal , and the Supreme Court upheld them in 1976 . The separate Citizens United case in 2010 dealt with campaign spending by outside groups seeking to influence federal elections . In that case , the conservative majority -- citing free speech concerns -- eased longstanding restrictions on campaign spending by corporations , labor unions , and certain nonprofit advocacy groups . The Citizens United ruling helped open the floodgates to massive corporate spending in the 2012 elections . It also led to further litigation seeking to loosen current restrictions on both spending and donations . What the ruling on campaign money means	Supreme Court lifts limits on how much in total one person can donate Its 5-4 ruling means wealthy donors can give to as many campaigns as they want People can still only give a maximum of $ 5,200 to a single candidate Critics warn the ruling further undermines already weakened campaign finance laws
Moscow  CNN  -- "  Putin 's Army , " a new group of female fans loyal to Russia 's prime minister , is calling upon all "  young , smart and beautiful " women in the country who ardently support Vladimir Putin to produce amateur video clips that show how far they would go to express their affection for him . The community , which was launched in Russia 's popular social networking sites VKontakte and LiveJournal , claims to have united some 800 followers behind the idea of Putin running in the March 2012 presidential election . It is not clear who exactly is behind this initiative , but the first video posted features a glamorous blonde who describes herself as student named Diana . "  I 'm crazy about the person who has changed our country . He is a prominent politician and an awesome man . His name is Vladimir Putin . Millions of people adore and trust him , " Diana says in the narrative accompanying the video . "  We are launching a contest with very simple rules . Shoot your own video as you tear up something -- or someone -- in the name of Putin . Then post your video in the VKontakte group . Those of you who produce the most original video will become the owner of an iPad 2 . Tell us what YOU would do for your president , " Diana says . Putin -- who already served two terms as the country 's president from 2000 to 2008 -- has not announced yet whether he or his protege , incumbent Dmitry Medvedev , would run for the top office post again next year . On numerous occasions in the past few years , both Putin and Medvedev said they would sit down together and decide that soon . In the video sequence , which features club music in the background , Diana walks along Moscow streets in high heels and a black suit . As she struts with an iPhone in hand , the camera occasionally focuses on her chest . Diana joins a pair of Putin-loving friends basking under the sun by the Moscow River . The young women then look at the "  Putin 's Army " web page together on a laptop before Diana scribbles "  I will tear off for Putin " on a white tank top in red lipstick . Wearing that top in the closing shot , Diana tears it , briefly revealing an undergarment . The provocative video has netted hundreds of thousands of hits online since it was first posted Wednesday , and several parodies of the clip have already appeared on the Internet . "  Putin 's Army " promised that its future activities would rock the whole country , and that every girl participating in the contest would become an Internet star . The video contest will last until August 26 , the group announced . The effort is n't the first public display of affection for the Russian premier . Last week , dozens of Putin supporters formed a flash mob in front of the main government building in Moscow and sang "  Blueberry Hill " -- a song Putin performed at a charity gala concert in December . And last October , a group of female journalism students from Moscow State University posed in bikinis for a calendar -- a birthday gift to Putin . Putin has denounced attempts at glorifying his image or using his name in advertisements . Over the years , he has disassociated himself from various paintings , sculptures and songs that where devoted to him , saying such fuss deeply embarrasses him . But some Russian analysts say these kinds of spectacles could be attempts to grab the attention of politically indifferent young voters before an important election season . Russia 's parliamentary elections will take place in December , and the presidential election will take place in March 2012 .	Female Putin supporters who participate in an online video contest can win an iPad 2 Putin has said he 's embarrassed by flashy displays of flattery Some analysts say public shows of affection might be a political move Putin , a former president , has not announced whether he will run in the 2012 election
CNN  -- France must pull its troops from Afghanistan if it wants to ensure the well-being of five French nationals taken hostage in Niger , the head of al Qaeda 's north African wing said . "  If you want safety for your citizens who are held captive by us , then you must move quickly to take your soldiers out of Afghanistan according to a specific time table that you announce officially , " said Abu Musab Abdul-Wadud , the head of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb in an audio message broadcast on Al-Jazeera television Wednesday . The group has said it is responsible for the five French citizens who were kidnapped in September . The five were among seven people linked to a French nuclear energy company who were abducted in the northern town of Arlit in Niger . The other two are from Togo and Madagascar . Areva has been mining uranium for decades in Niger , one of the poorest countries in the world . In a televised interview with reporters Tuesday , French President Nicolas Sarkozy urged citizens not to visit areas where al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghrib operates . "  The situation on the terrorism front is troubling . I do not want to alarm the French , " he said . "  But , we will not change even an iota of our policies because we are threatened . " France has already said it may begin to withdraw some troops from Afghanistan next year . Minister Herve Morin told French radio station RTL in late October that France will begin to transfer the control of certain districts to Afghans in 2011 . "  There is a fixed date by NATO in the framework of its new strategy . That is the start of 2011 , " he said . "  In 2011 , we are going to transfer a whole series of districts to the Afghans . " "  At this moment , there could be the first movements or withdrawal of allied forces from Afghanistan , " Morin said . France has 3,750 troops in Afghanistan , according to NATO 's International Security Assistance Force .	NEW : We will not change our policies because of threats , Sarkozy says The message is issued by the head of the al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb The five french nationals are among seven people kidnapped in September France has already indicated it will begin withdrawal next year
CNN  -- Right-wing U.S. Republicans are up in arms over Cuba again . Their ostensible cause for concern is last week 's visit to the island by Beyoncé and Jay-Z , who were photographed in Havana , apparently celebrating their wedding anniversary . Read more : Lawmakers ask why Beyoncé and Jay-Z went to Cuba These blinkered conservatives need to get over themselves . The 60-year stand-off between the U.S. and Cuba is absurd . It is counterproductive and harmful to both countries . It is time to end this Cold War anachronism , kiss and make up . Anger over Beyoncé 's supposed breach of the U.S. embargo rules restricting American citizens ' travel to Cuba is symbolic of a deeper fear among right-wingers . Two key factors have changed since the days -- not so long ago -- when Washington seemed to be regularly threatening the Castro government with Iraq-style overthrow . One is that George W. Bush has been replaced by a Democrat . As Barack Obama enters his second and final term , immune to electoral imperatives , conservatives worry he may use his freedom of action to effect an historic rapprochement with Cuba . American liberals certainly believe he should do so . The second change is in Cuba itself , where the government , now led by Fidel Castro 's brother , Raoul , has embarked on a cautious program of reform . The government -- dubbed the world 's longest-running dictatorship by the American right -- has even set a date for its own dissolution . Doing what "  dictators " rarely do , Raoul Castro announced in February that in 2018 , he would hand over power and that any successor would be subject to term limits . The Castro brothers have reportedly chosen a career communist , first vice president Miguel Diaz-Canel , to succeed them . But in reality , once their grip on power is relaxed , anything may happen . The two Florida Republicans who have been making a fuss about the Beyonce visit are Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Mario Diaz-Balart . They are veterans , and beneficiaries , of the anti-Castro campaign that has long been waged from Little Havana , in Miami , the home to the state 's large Cuban exile population . The Cuban vote , as it is known , has traditionally gone to Republicans . But Obama 's approach is the antithesis of the politics of hate and division . He broke that mold last year , making big gains among the Cuban American electorate . This result suggested the polarized ethnically-based politics of the past may be breaking down , said Julia Sweig of the U.S. Council on Foreign Relations in a recent article in The National Interest . "  Having won nearly half of the Cuban American vote in Florida in 2012 , a gain of 15 percentage points over 2008 , Obama can move quickly on Cuba . If he were to do so , he would find a cautious but willing partner in Raúl Castro , who needs rapprochement with Washington to advance his own reform agenda , " Sweig said . Little wonder Republicans like Ros-Lehtinen are worried . If things go on like this , they could lose a large piece of their political raison d'etre . There are other reasons for believing the time is right for Obama to end the Cuba stalemate . The recent death of Hugo Chavez , Venezuela 's influential president , has robbed Havana of a strong supporter , both political and financial . Chavez was not interested in a rapprochement with the U.S. , either by Cuba or Venezuela . His revolutionary beliefs did not allow for an accommodation with the American "  imperialists . " His successors may not take so militant a line , especially given that Venezuela continues to trade heavily with the U.S. , a privilege not allowed Cuba . The so-called "  pink tide " that has brought several left-wing leaders to power in Latin America in the past decade is not exactly on the ebb , but the hostility countries such as Brazil , Ecuador and Bolivia felt towards the Bush administration has abated . In fact , according to Sweig 's article , U.S. business with Latin America as a whole is booming , up 20 % in 2011 . The U.S. imports more crude oil from Venezuela and Mexico than from the Persian Gulf , including Saudi Arabia . The U.S. does three times more business with Latin America than with China . The stand-off over Cuba is an obstacle to advancing U.S. interests and business in Latin American countries , and vice versa . The continuation of the embargo has left the U.S. almost totally isolated at the United Nations , and at sharp odds with its major allies , including Britain and the EU . But more importantly , the continued ostracism of Cuba 's people -- for they , not the Havana government , are the biggest losers -- is unfair , unkind and unnecessary . If the U.S. wants full democracy in Cuba , then it should open up fully to ordinary Cubans . Tear down the artificial walls that separate the people of the two countries and , as Mao Zedong once said , let a hundred flowers bloom . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Tisdall	Beyoncé and Jay-Z were seen in Cuba last week , apparently celebrating their anniversary A United States embargo restricts American citizens ' right to visit Cuba Simon Tisdall argues the 60-year stand-off between Cuba and the U.S. harms both countries The ostracism of Cuba 's people is unfair , unkind and unnecessary , he says
CNN  -- In print advertisements , which comes first -- the word or the image ? The brief for Harley Davidson parts and accessories was to encourage more riders to personalize their bikes . The popular answer to this question would be either can come first , but I 'm going to stick my neck out and say it 's the visual . If for no other reason than to create discussion . It does all depend on who is asked and what period of time they worked in advertising , but we 're in 2008 . I am , after all , an art director , so that may explain my opinion . Any kind of print advertising should be treated as an art form . That 's how it all started many years ago and is still true today at its best . Print advertising is always so much more interesting when it 's visual . It 's a piece of printed medium that is there to be explored , studied and then rewarded . My first example for Harley Davidson parts and accessories does exactly that . The brief was to encourage more riders to customize or personalize their bikes . Quite a simple brief really , but when you 're asking someone to put their artistic stamp on a bike , it 's a little dull to do it through words alone . Hence , the visual of a face made out of many Harley parts and meticulously art-directed at the same time . The line "  Build Yours " came after the visual idea . It 's a good line that acts as a signature to the picture . No fancy words needed . Just simplicity . The next example is equally as simple . It 's an ad for Sony In-car speakers . Sony makes damn good speakers with an amazing sound , and they wanted to tell everyone that . However , everyone talks about sound , and when they do it in print it hardly ever comes over as believable , mainly because a print ad has no sound attached to it ! So rather than talk about the sound , the ad talks about the experience that comes with the sound . If you know your music , then you 'll recognize the famous Bob Dylan album cover "  Freewheelin ' . " Print advertising can be very effective when it subverts what people already know . In this case , the album cover is recognizable , but its context completely changes by looking at it from the point of view of an open top car . With clever lighting on the car and fabulous retouching , the car looks like it 's in the street where the album cover was shot . The line , "  Get closer to the music " does all the work in explaining the idea , but the visual does all the emotional heavy-lifting in describing the experience . Once again , the visual came first . As I said at the beginning , opinions will vary and perhaps it 's true that either line or visual can come first , but this is based on my own experiences . Maybe someone should write a case for the line ?	Any kind of print advertising should be treated as an art form Harley Davidson 's line "  Build Yours " acts as a signature to the picture Sony 's In-car speakers ad talks about the experience that comes with the sound
The parents of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl want the world to know they 're beyond grateful their son has been released from Afghanistan after five years in captivity , but the battle is far from over . "  The recovery and reintegration of Bowe Bergdahl is a work in progress , " Bob Bergdahl told reporters Sunday in Boise , Idaho , just one day after his son was set free . "  It is n't over for us . In many ways . It 's just beginning for Jani , and I , and our family . There 's a long process here , " he said , referring to his wife , Bowe 's mother . Both parents addressed their son , telling him how proud they are of him . They have not yet spoken to him directly . "  There 's a reason for that , and that 's because Bowe has been gone so long that it 's going to be very difficult to come back , " said Bob Bergdahl . He compared his son 's situation to that of a diver going deep on a dive : "  If he comes up too fast , it could kill him . " Bergdahl is hospitalized in Germany , where his mother said there is a team of people in place to assist him . "  Trust them . It 's OK , and give yourself all of the time you need to recover and decompress , " Jani Bergdahl said to her son . "  There is no hurry . You have your life ahead of you . " She continued : "  You 've made it ... You are free . " Worsening health Bergdahl , the last American soldier held captive from the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts , is on a long journey home after being freed in exchange for five Taliban detainees who had been held at the U.S. military prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Believing that his health was deteriorating , the United States acted quickly to save his life after years of work to free him from being a prisoner of war , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Sunday . "  It was our judgment that if we could find an opening and move very quickly with that opening , that we needed to get him out of there essentially to save his life , " Hagel said . "  I know President Obama feels very strongly about that , I do as well . " Bergdahl arrived Sunday morning at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany , a U.S. Defense official said . There was no word on Bergdahl 's condition . He was last seen in a video obtained by the U.S. military in January and appeared in diminished health . National Security Adviser Susan Rice said Sunday that the move to free him came after the United States learned his health was deteriorating in captivity . "  He had lost ... a good bit of weight . And we were very concerned that time was not ... something we could play with , that we needed to act when we had the opportunity , " Rice told CNN 's "  State of the Union With Candy Crowley . " Bergdahl 's father told reporters his son had "  passed through all the checkpoints with flying colors . " Hometown celebrates On Sunday , people in Bergdahl 's hometown of Hailey , Idaho , cheered the news and looked forward to the day he might return . Yellow ribbons were tied on trees in his honor . "  I think as a community we had our ups and downs , as did the rest of the country . There were times where we wondered , but Jani and Bob Bergdahl never once gave up faith that their son was coming home to them , " said Stefanie O'Neill , a family friend . "  They knew . It was never if Bowe comes home -- it was when Bowe comes home , " she said . Five years detained and many questions remain U.S. special operations forces recovered Bergdahl without incident early Saturday local time at a pickup point in eastern Afghanistan , near the border with Pakistan , a senior Department of Defense official told CNN . American officials said the government of Qatar brokered the deal . The 28-year-old Bergdahl spent five years in the hands of Afghan militants . Questions surround just how and why he disappeared . In addition to undergoing medical treatment , he is expected to be debriefed at Landstuhl . A reporter asked Hagel Sunday whether Bergdahl had left his post without permission or deserted -- and , if so , whether he would be punished . The defense secretary did n't answer directly . "  Our first priority is assuring his well-being and his health and getting him reunited with his family , " Hagel said . "  Other circumstances that may develop and questions , those will be dealt with later . " A senior Defense official said Bergdahl 's "  reintegration process " will include "  time for him to tell his story , decompress , and to reconnect with his family through telephone calls and video conferences . " Bergdahl will likely go to Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio after he leaves Landstuhl . It 's unclear whether his parents will see him first in Germany or Texas , a Defense official said . ` He was never forgotten ' Obama , flanked by Bergdahl 's parents at the White House on Saturday , praised the diplomatic officials and troops who helped secure Bergdahl 's release . "  While Bowe was gone , he was never forgotten , " the President said . His father spoke a few phrases in Pashtun , saying that his son is having trouble speaking English after his captivity in Afghanistan , according to a military press service . "  The complicated nature of this recovery will never really be comprehended , " his father said . A senior Defense official confirmed Bowe Bergdahl is having trouble speaking English but the reasons for that were not clear , given the trauma he 's been through . ` Our only son ' The U.S. government secured Bergdahl 's freedom in exchange for the release to the Taliban of five of its members detained at Guantanamo Bay . Bergdahl 's parents issued a statement thanking the Emir of Qatar , the U.S. government and the former captive 's supporters . "  We were so joyful and relieved when President Obama called us today to give us the news that Bowe is finally coming home ! We can not wait to wrap our arms around our only son . " After Bergdahl was handed over , a series of secret procedures was set in motion so each side knew the other was living up to the bargain . Qatari officials were already at Guantanamo and took custody of the detainees . A U.S. Air Force aircraft carrying them left the U.S. Navy base in Cuba on Saturday afternoon , a senior Defense official told CNN . The United States has "  appropriate assurances " that Qatar will be able to secure the detainees there , where they are under a travel ban for a year . The leader of the Afghan Taliban , Mullah Omar , praised the release of the detainees in a rare public statement Sunday . "  Thanks to God that as a result of the Taliban 's sacrifice and the Taliban 's political office 's nonstop efforts , five important members of Taliban are released from Gitmo prison , " the statement said . The operation was so secretive that Afghan President Hamid Karzai was left out of the loop . "  Secretary  of State John  Kerry did inform President Karzai after the fact , " Hagel said . Hagel was asked if this prisoner exchange could lead to more breakthroughs with the Taliban . Getting Bergdahl out of captivity was the first concern , he said . "  Whether that could lead to possible new breakthroughs with the Taliban , I do n't know . Hopefully it might , " he said . "  But we pursued this effort specifically to get Sgt. Bergdahl back . " Held by warlord Bergdahl was deployed to Afghanistan in May 2009 . He was 23 and a private at the time of his capture , which happened after he finished a guard shift at a combat outpost on June 30 , 2009 , in Paktika province . He was believed to be held by operatives from the Haqqani network , an insurgent force led by warlord Siraj Haqqani , who has a reputation for holding positions that are extreme even by Taliban standards . The network is affiliated with the Taliban and al Qaeda , and it was not always clear whether Haqqani operatives would abide by any agreement among the United States , Qatar and the Taliban . An Afghan Taliban commander not authorized to speak to the media confirmed to CNN that Bergdahl was captured by insurgents with links to the Haqqani network in Pakistan . Over the years , the captive was transferred back and forth between Afghanistan and Pakistan . Fast Facts : Bowe Bergdahl Critics question the negotiations The United States has long declared that it wo n't negotiate with groups linked to terrorists , but analysts have said the United States has effectively maneuvered around the edges of that declaration over the years . "  As the administration has repeatedly affirmed , we will not transfer any detainee from Guantanamo unless the threat the detainee may pose to the United States can be sufficiently mitigated and only when consistent with our humane treatment policy , " a senior administration official told CNN , adding that the detainees will be "  subject to restrictions on their movement and activities . " Many of the released Guantanamo detainees held political positions in the Taliban government that fell in Operation Enduring Freedom in 2001 . But Sen. John McCain , a former POW , called the released detainees "  hardened terrorists who have the blood of Americans and countless Afghans on their hands . " He demanded to know exactly what steps are being taken to guarantee that they never fight against the United States again . Rice told CNN the Qatari government gave Washington assurance that the risk to the United States would be mitigated . "  They enabled us to have confidence that these prisoners will be carefully watched , that their ability to move will be constrained , " she said . Other members of Congress have complained about being cut out of the loop . Rep. Buck McKeon , chairman of the Armed Services Committee , said he still has not been briefed by administration officials on the swap . The California Republican plans to hold hearings about the Bergdahl exchange , he told CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash on Sunday . "  We 're getting our information -- other than a very brief notification -- we 're getting most of our information now from the media , " he said in an exclusive interview on "  Newsroom . " McKeon said his staff was notified by the Defense Department Saturday after the exchange took place , but he pointed to a law that requires the administration to notify Congress 30 days before detainees are released from the facilities at Guantanamo Bay . Rice said Sunday that the "  acute urgency " of Bergdahl 's declining health justified the administration 's decision to execute the swap without telling Congress . "  It was determined that it was necessary and appropriate not to adhere to the 30-day notification requirement , because it would have potentially meant that the opportunity to get Sgt. Bergdahl would have been lost , " she said . Susan Rice responds to political debate over negotiations	"  You 've made it ... You are free , " Bowe Bergdahl 's mother tells her son Afghan Taliban leader praises release of detainees in rare statement Susan Rice says U.S. feels confident released prisoners will be monitored Bergdahl arrives at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany
ANTALYA , Turkey  CNN  -- Two men who hijacked a Turkish passenger jet have surrendered to authorities after releasing the remaining passengers and crew they had been holding hostage . The passenger jet was en route from Northern Cyprus to Istanbul . The hijacking occurred earlier on Saturday when the Istanbul-bound Atlasjet Airlines flight from Cyprus was forced to make an emergency landing in southeastern Turkish city of Antalya after the hijackers claimed to have a bomb . Most of those aboard had managed to escape soon after landing , but four passengers and two crew members had been held as hostages , local government officials said . "  The adventure that started early in the morning finally came to an end , " Atlasjet CEO Tuncay Doganer told reporters . "  With the two hijackers having surrendered , the incident ended with no bloodshed . " The other 132 passengers and four crew members had fled to safety from the plane 's emergency exits as the hijackers were releasing children and women . TV footage showed passengers running from the plane 's side and back doors . The Turkish Ministry of Transportation said the pilots escaped through the cockpit windows . Turkish Interior Minister Osman Gunes said one of the hijackers was Turkish while the other had a Syrian passport but may have been Palestinian , Reuters reported . A civil aviation official said it was unclear whether the hijackers did have a bomb but that they appeared to have been armed with a knife . Witnesses said the incident started shortly after the flight had taken off from Ercan airport in Turkish-recognized Northern Cyprus when two men from the back of the plane rushed to the front and tried to break open the cockpit door . When their attempts failed , witnesses said the men began talking to the flight attendants in a mix of Arabic and English and asked to be taken to either Iran or Syria . Passenger Ercan Tekkan told Reuters the hijackers had said they did not want to hurt anyone . "  The plane made some maneuvers and we thought the plane was going to crash ... Then the plane landed and the pilots escaped from the cockpit while the hijackers kept kicking the cockpit door , " he said . Barkin Inan , another passenger , said the experience had been "  terrifying . " "  They looked anxious and were sweating . They went towards the cockpit . I shouted ` hijackers ' to warn the other passengers but most of them were asleep , " he said . Antalya Governor Alaaddin Yuksel told reporters that one of the men had claimed to be a member of al Qaeda , Reuters reported . Police also arrested a passenger suspected of being linked to the hijackers , he said . E-mail to a friend Reuters contributed to this report .	Two men who hijacked a Turkish passenger jet surrender to authorities Atlasjet flight bound for Istanbul was forced to make emergency landing Hijackers claimed to have a bomb as the plane left Cyprus , witnesses claim Four passengers , two crew members had been taken hostage
Russia 's annexation of Crimea , and what many fear is its apparent threat to invade Ukraine , has riveted international attention since the crisis erupted with February 's revolution in Kiev . Excitable talk has proliferated as fast as North Korean missiles . Pundits obsess about a new Cold War , a showdown with "  mad bad Vlad " Putin , and the resulting need to boost military spending  always a Pentagon favorite  . The talk is all Ukraine , Ukraine . Politicians and diplomats have put everything else on hold . Including Syria , which is a big mistake . Far more than an argument over an obscure shard of territory on the edge of Nowhere-on-Don , the catastrophe now taking place in and around Syria ranks as a fundamental challenge and threat to the current world order . Syria , not Crimea , directly affects western security in very basic ways . What 's happening there is changing the power balance in the Middle East . And unlike in Ukraine or the Baltic republics or other post-Soviet lands , a vast human catastrophe is unravelling , apparently without end . In Syria 's real , not phoney , war , more than 100,000 people have died so far . The total number of Syrian refugees in Lebanon , for example , has now passed the 1 million mark , according to the U.N. 's refugee agency -- and that does not include the tens of thousands who have not registered with the agency . About 12,000 are fleeing Syria for Lebanon each week . The refugee outflow is also affecting Jordan , Turkey , Egypt and Iraq . As the war enters its fourth year , the overall refugee total is around 2.5 million . A further 6.5 million Syrians are internally displaced , and 9.3 million are in need of humanitarian assistance , according to the U.N. . The suffering concealed behind these bald figures is appalling , as any visitor to the refugee camps will testify . Children are particularly badly affected . Yet even if they are not swayed by the human cost of a conflict that has become depressingly familiar , basic considerations of self-interested realpolitik suggest governments , politicians and diplomats should be paying more attention to Syria . One obvious reason is the way the war has been exploited to facilitate the spread of Islamist fundamentalism . Large areas of northern Syria are now under the control of jihadi groups and militias who , whatever else they may disagree about , are united in their opposition to western values and interests . Syria is in the process of becoming a bridgehead to Europe for al Qaida and like-minded fanatics . It is already a magnet for young European Muslim men who want a piece of the global jihad . They then bring their new "  skills " home . A second reason to take a second look at Syria is the way instability there is steadily spreading outwards to affect neighboring countries . Turkey 's neo-Islamist government , having initially tried to broker a peace deal , now regards itself as virtually at war with Bashar al-Assad 's regime . Last week the Turks very deliberately shot down a Syrian warplane they said had violated their airspace . The threat of a Syria-Turkey conflict aside , the impact on Turkey 's politics and people has been considerable . The increasingly authoritarian behaviour of Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Turkey 's prime minister , to some degree reflects the pressure the country is under . Kurdish militants trying to make common cause with their divided Syrian counterparts is one concern . Another is that border areas inundated with refugees are becoming less governable . Growing instability and consequent political uncertainty are also affecting pro-western Lebanon and Jordan , while apparently reviving Shia-Sunni conflict in Iraq is being fed by the Syrian flames . Recent reports suggest many Iraqi Shia fighters are now inside Syria , determined  like the Hezbollah fighters from Lebanon  to bolster the Assad regime against its mostly Sunni foes . In geopolitical terms , the Syrian collapse has provided Iran with an opportunity to extend its influence into the heart of the Arab world , opening up a new front in its proxy war with the Sunni monarchies of the Gulf led by Saudi Arabia . No doubt to Iran 's delight , Riyadh 's displeasure at the Obama administration 's refusal to get directly involved in Syria has caused a rift between the two long-time allies . Given the current state of western relations with Tehran , handing Iran a free boost in this way is a serious diplomatic own goal . The ongoing failure to address and resolve the Syrian conflict has numerous other far-reaching consequences . What goes for Iran goes for Russia , too . Its obstinate and unprincipled support for Assad has come cost-free as the U.S. and Europe dither and the Geneva "  peace process " leads precisely nowhere . Perceived American weakness over Syria may even have encouraged Vladimir Putin in his Crimean misdemeanors . Al-Assad 's continued survival as Syria 's head of state is an egregious affront to the U.N. Security Council and its various related Syria resolutions , to the U.N. charter , to international law , and specifically to international war crimes legislation . Al-Assad stands accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity , not least over the use by his forces of chemical weapons against civilian populations . But once again , nothing much is done , and the credibility of such institutions and laws suffers as a result . The moral example set by such dereliction is shocking . A lot has been made of the bad precedent Russia set by annexing the territory of an independent sovereign state . And it is fair to say such behavior is unacceptable and illegal , and should not be emulated by others . But in the overall scheme of things , the Crimea problem fades into insignificance when set alongside the dreaded ramifications and implications , short and long term , of the international community 's plain inability or its lamentable lack of will to halt the Syrian war .	Russia 's annexation of Crimea , and feared threat to invade Ukraine , has grabbed attention Simon Tisdall says Syria , not Crimea , directly affects western security in more basic ways Much of northern Syria under control of jihadi groups , united in opposition to West - Tisdall Syria is in the process of becoming a bridgehead to Europe for al Qaida , he adds
CNN  -- On October 1 , 1982 , the first commercial compact disc , Billy Joel 's "  52nd Street , " was released in Japan . In the 30 years since , hundreds of billions of CDs have been sold , Joel has stopped recording pop music and the music industry has moved on to the next hot medium . When the first CD player was released that same day , it was described as a "  new digital record player , using laser beams " by United Press International . Spun out of the far less successful Philips ' laser disc technology  remember those ?  , the CD was a result of Philips and Sony combining forces . The compact disc was actually invented several years earlier . The first test CD was Richard Strauss 's "  Eine Alpensinfonie , " and the first CD actually pressed at a factory was ABBA 's "  The Visitors , " but that disc was n't released commercially until later . Mass adoption did n't happen immediately -- CDs would n't overtake cassette tapes until the late 1980s . The first album to sell 1 million copies in the CD format and outsell its vinyl version was Dire Straits ' "  Brothers in Arms , " released in 1985 . As with most new technologies , one reason for the slow spread of CDs was their steep price tags . The Sony CDP-101 player sold for the equivalent of $ 730 when it first hit Japanese shelves in 1982 . Accounting for inflation , that 's about $ 1,750 today . The audio CDs themselves were $ 15 , which is $ 35 in 2012 dollars . Because getting a new player and replacing an entire music collection was costly , audio manufacturers were savvy enough to market the first CD players to classical music fans , who were more likely to care about sound quality and have extra disposable income . When they arrived , CDs were hailed for their pristine sound . But whether the audio quality of CDs is greater than vinyl remains a hotly debated topic among hi-fi enthusiasts . "  For most people who were n't audiophiles , the switch to CDs was a revolution . It took away all the audio noise , " said Mark Katz , a music professor at the University of North Carolina and author of "  Capturing Sound : How Technology Has Changed Music . " Young listeners opting to stream , not own music Some will still argue that records sound better than CDs , but that is only plausible when people take meticulous care of their albums , listening to them in scratchless , snap-crackle-and-pop-free condition . Most people do n't consume music in a vacuum . Even today , the average music fan will listen to tunes on cheap earbuds in an environment filled with background noise , and is likely unable to be able to tell the difference between a CD and an MP3 , says Katz . The compact disc changed technology , and went on to be used for data and video storage , evolving into re-writeable media and Blu-Ray DVDs . The shiny little platter also changed how people interacted with their music . "  Changing formats usually has greater impact on the way people listen , consume and disseminate the music , but it also does have an impact on the creative side , " said Katz . The first compact discs could hold up to 74 minutes of music  the rumor was that the length of Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony established that standard  or at least several songs more than a vinyl LP . This longer length allowed composers to write longer works without worrying about side breaks -- where listeners would have to flip over a record or cassette . Convenience was another huge change . The discs were small , just 4.5 inches in diameter , and could be carted around far more easily than records . Listening to music on a CD was easier -- there was no standing up to flip over the record or tape , less time spent searching for the song you wanted to hear right then . Some CD players even allowed you to program what songs played or did n't , and in what order . Three decades later , it may be surprising to some that CD sales , and Billy Joel 's career , are still alive . Though their market share is plummeting , CDs still account for the majority of album sales in the U.S. . In the first half of 2012 , 61 % of all albums sold were CDs , according to the Nielsen Company and Billboard . Even so , CDs are gradually being overtaken by digital files . At first , MP3s were burned from CDs onto computers , traded on peer-to-peer networks such as Napster and the Internet 's back alleys . Then Apple released the iPod , and its iTunes store turned digital music files into a legitimate business . Now popular services like Spotify and Pandora let users stream music from anywhere , and Amazon and Apple are encouraging people to store their digital libraries in the cloud . Like CDs before them , this new format is changing both the creation and consumption of music . Musicians no longer have to wait until an album is finished to release tracks -- they can sell them one at a time . Length of a song is n't an issue , just file size . Listeners have more flexibility than ever , with unlimited mix-and-match options . And increasingly , they 're opting to download single songs over albums . And in an age when computer users can conjure almost any song they want with a few taps or mouse clicks , music stores themselves are disappearing . Katz does n't think CDs and physical music storage will ever vanish altogether . People like tangible things , and form meaningful relationships with objects they can hold and look at -- more so than strings of ones and zeros . That explains why vinyl sales are up , often among young hipster types who were n't even alive when vinyl was the dominant medium . "  There is the basic human fact of connection with physical objects , that wo n't change , " said Katz . Compact discs are unlikely to evoke the nostalgia many people feel for vinyl records , with their spiraling black groove and sometimes trippy cover art . And to people born in this century , they 're already becoming a retro curiosity . Streaming debate strikes chord with music fans But a generation of music fans grew up on them -- Nirvana , Public Enemy , Billy Joel and all .	On October 1 , 1982 , Billy Joel 's "  52nd Street " was released commercially on CD CDs would n't overtake cassettes in popularity until the late 1980s CDs remain popular but are losing ground to MP3s and streaming music Whether the audio quality of CDs is greater than vinyl remains a hotly debated topic
It was during the throes of the Civil War , with lots of bloody and brutal fighting still ahead , when President Abraham Lincoln turned his attention to the Mariposa Grove and the Yosemite Valley areas of California . Lincoln 's signature on the Yosemite Land Grant bill on June 30 , 1864 , set a precedent for the preservation of the young country 's wilderness . That act 150 years ago was the first instance of the U.S. government setting aside scenic wilderness for public use and preservation . The act put both tracts of land in trust for the state of California , and it set the stage for the 1872 establishment of Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming , Montana and Idaho as the first national park . Calling it a "  remarkable message of hope for a nation embroiled in a bloody civil war , " National Park Service director Joseph Jarvis suggested Lincoln 's actions may have been "  assuring the nation of better times ahead , as if he knew that Americans would need places where they could go and find peace in the perfection of the natural world . " The land around the grove and the valley became Yosemite National Park in 1890 . Both pieces of land were re-acquired by the federal government and combined with the national park in 1906 , which created the park much as we know it today . Yosemite now hosts 3.7 million visitors annually , and the numbers are expected to swell for anniversary events through October . But the glorious groves of ancient sequoias , spectacular waterfalls and 750 miles of trails that are now Yosemite National Park 's 1,200 square miles are a joy for travelers to visit any time of year . Read more about Yosemite : A crown jewel of the national parks Click through the gallery for a visual history of Yosemite . Do you have fond memories of Yosemite National Park ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	The land grant that first protected Yosemite turns 150 this year Federal government moved to save Yosemite Valley and Mariposa Grove Yosemite now hosts nearly 4 million visitors annually
Mental Floss  -- Negative campaigning in America was sired by two lifelong friends , John Adams and Thomas Jefferson . Back in 1776 , the dynamic duo combined powers to help claim America 's independence , and they had nothing but love and respect for one another . But by 1800 , party politics had so distanced the pair that , for the first and last time in U.S. history , a president found himself running against his vice president . Despite their bruising campaign , Thomas Jefferson and John Adams became friends again . Things got ugly fast . Jefferson 's camp accused President Adams of having a "  hideous hermaphroditical character , which has neither the force and firmness of a man , nor the gentleness and sensibility of a woman . " In return , Adams ' men called Vice President Jefferson "  a mean-spirited , low-lived fellow , the son of a half-breed Indian squaw , sired by a Virginia mulatto father . " As the slurs piled on , Adams was labeled a fool , a hypocrite , a criminal , and a tyrant , while Jefferson was branded a weakling , an atheist , a libertine , and a coward . See 8 great campaign slogans " Even Martha Washington succumbed to the propaganda , telling a clergyman that Jefferson was "  one of the most detestable of mankind . " Mental Floss : Jefferson : The sensitive writer type Jefferson hires a hatchet man Back then , presidential candidates did n't actively campaign . In fact , Adams and Jefferson spent much of the election season at their respective homes in Massachusetts and Virginia . But the key difference between the two politicians was that Jefferson hired a hatchet man named James Callendar to do his smearing for him . Adams , on the other hand , considered himself above such tactics . To Jefferson 's credit , Callendar proved incredibly effective , convincing many Americans that Adams desperately wanted to attack France . Although the claim was completely untrue , voters bought it , and Jefferson stole the election . Jefferson paid a price for his dirty campaign tactics , though . Callendar served jail time for the slander he wrote about Adams , and when he emerged from prison in 1801 , he felt Jefferson still owed him . After Jefferson did little to appease him , Callendar broke a story in 1802 that had only been a rumor until then -- that the President was having an affair with one of his slaves , Sally Hemings . In a series of articles , Callendar claimed that Jefferson had lived with Hemings in France and that she had given birth to five of his children . The story plagued Jefferson for the rest of his career . And although generations of historians shrugged off the story as part of Callendar 's propaganda , DNA testing in 1998 showed a link between Hemings ' descendents and the Jefferson family . Just as truth persists , however , so does friendship . Twelve years after the vicious election of 1800 , Adams and Jefferson began writing letters to each other and became friends again . They remained pen pals for the rest of their lives and passed away on the same day , July 4 , 1826 . It was the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence . Mental Floss : The post-White House lives of presidents John Quincy Adams gets slapped with elitism John Adams lived long enough to see his son become president in 1825 , but he died before John Quincy Adams lost the presidency to Andrew Jackson in 1828 . Fortunately , that meant he did n't have to witness what many historians consider the nastiest contest in American history . The slurs flew back and forth , with John Quincy Adams being labeled a pimp , and Andrew Jackson 's wife getting called a slut . As the election progressed , editorials in the American newspapers read more like bathroom graffiti than political commentary . One paper reported that "  General Jackson 's mother was a common prostitute , brought to this country by the British soldiers ! She afterward married a mulatto man , with whom she had several children , of which number General Jackson is one ! " What got Americans so fired up ? For one thing , many voters felt John Quincy Adams should never have been president in the first place . During the election of 1824 , Jackson had won the popular vote but not the electoral vote , so the election was decided by the House of Representatives . Henry Clay , one of the other candidates running for president , threw his support behind Adams . To return the favor , Adams promptly made him secretary of state . Jackson 's supporters labeled it "  The Corrupt Bargain " and spent the next four years calling Adams a usurper . Mental Floss : 5 secrets left off the White House tour Beyond getting the short end of the electoral stick , Andrew Jackson managed to connect with voters via his background -- which could n't have been more different than Adams ' . By the time John Quincy was 15 , he 'd traveled extensively in Europe , mastered several languages , and worked as a translator in the court of Catherine the Great . Meanwhile , Andrew Jackson had none of those privileges . By 15 , he 'd been kidnapped and beaten by British soldiers , orphaned , and left to fend for himself on the streets of South Carolina . Adams was a Harvard-educated diplomat from a prominent New England family . Jackson was a humble war hero from the rural South who 'd never learned to spell . He was the first presidential candidate in American history to really sell himself as a man of the people , and the people loved him for it . Having been denied their candidate in 1824 , the masses were up in arms for Jackson four years later . And though his lack of education and political experience terrified many Adams supporters , that argument did n't hold water for the throngs who lined up to cast their votes for "  Old Hickory . " Ever since Jackson 's decisive victory , no presidential candidate has dared take a step toward the White House without first holding hands with the common man . But losing the 1828 election may have been the best thing to happen to John Quincy Adams . After sulking home to Massachusetts , Adams pulled himself together and ran for Congress , launching an epic phase of his career . During his 17 years in the House of Representatives , Adams became an abolitionist hero , championing legislation to open the debate on slavery . And in 1841 , he famously put his money where his mouth was , when he defended the 39 African captives aboard the slave ship Amistad before the U.S. Supreme Court . At a time when all but two of the justices were pro-slavery , Adams won his human rights plea . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	John Adams and Thomas Jefferson ran negative presidential campaigns Adams was labeled a fool , a hypocrite , a criminal , and a tyrant , Jefferson was branded a weakling , an atheist , a libertine , and a coward Many historians say John Quincy Adams/Andrew Jackson contest the nastiest
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Scroll through Kickstarter , and you 'll get a kick out the sheer variety of projects with tin cups in hand . A documentary about the Dungeons and Dragons fantasy role-playing game , a zombie board game , even a sprouting pencil -- all are looking for handouts via the popular crowd-funded site . But one project in particular caught our attention in the CNN newsroom . Called "  Float , " it gives Beijing residents the tools to measure air quality for themselves with pollution-sensing kites . Kites have been flown for recreation , sport and art . But for environmental monitoring ? It is the tethered aircraft that got the best of Charlie Brown , and it 's now tracking air quality that 's among the worst in the world . "  There 's a long tradition of kite flying and kite making in China , " says Xiaowei Wang , a masters candidate at the Harvard School of Graduate Design and one of the co-creators of Float . "  There 's a large group of enthusiasts , and we really wanted to tap into this existing group of people excited about kites . " Float raised over US$ 4,500 on Kickstarter to hold workshops for Beijing residents to learn how to build and fly pollution-sensing kites . Among those taking part , 40-to-70-year-old Chinese workers and retirees who enjoy flying kites -- including a 72-year-old kitemaster . Blog : Clearing the air in China The kites are equipped with small modules that detect carbon monoxide , volatile organic compounds  VOC  and particulate matter . Air quality levels are displayed through LED lights that change in color -- from hot pink  which represents the worst air quality  to green  which signifies the best  . All data from the flight is stored on an SD card . Xiaowei and her team have held two workshops and a group kite flight in the evening to create a sparkling web of glowing crafts . Float is keen to highlight the visual and sensory experience of their project with Xiaowei telling me , "  From the ground looking up , it 's like a kite flash mob because the sky is full of all these kites . " But a constellation of pollution-sensors in the sky is more than public art or a reboot of a popular pastime . In China , it can be a political challenge . In June , a senior Chinese official demanded that foreign embassies stop issuing air pollution readings . Citing the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations , Deputy Environment Minister Wu Xiaoqing said foreign embassy pollution readings were illegal . U.S. readings challenge China 's smog claims Though Wu did not name any countries in particular , it was seen as throw-down directed at America 's diplomatic missions which post hourly air quality readings via Twitter for Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou . The U.S. readings , which frequently rate Beijing 's air as "  unhealthy , " are widely viewed as reliable alternatives to China 's own monitoring reports . China may say only it has the right to monitor its air pollution . But Float has untethered China 's official grip on air quality data with its high-flying sensors . And they know it . On its Kickstarter page , Float acknowledges the politically sensitive nature of its project . The team writes : "  Urban air quality is a serious issue that affects rapidly industrializing cities globally , and within Beijing as the capital of China , it is an issue kept quiet by the government under fear of criticism and protest from the public . " Xiaowei insists their project is not seen as threatening , and looks forward to future workshops in Beijing next summer . And with a smile , Xiaowei tells me : "  It 's hard to imagine the government getting upset with a group of retired guys who enjoy flying kites . "	Float gives Beijing residents the tools to measure air quality for themselves with pollution-sensing kites Air quality is politically-sensitive in China , with official readings not considered accurate Kites equipped with modules that detect carbon monoxide , volatile organic compounds , particulates Float : Urban air quality is a serious issue that affects rapidly industrializing cities globally
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Somalis are so desperate to survive that attacks on merchant shipping in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean will not stop , a pirate leader promises . A French warship keeps guard over commerical vessels in the Gulf of Aden last week . "  The pirates are living between life and death , " said the pirate leader , identified by only one name , Boyah . "  Who can stop them ? Americans and British all put together can not do anything . " The interview with the pirate was conducted in late August by journalists employed by the Somali news organization Garowe Online . The complete interview was provided to CNN last week and provides a glimpse of why piracy has been so hard to control in the region . Recorded on grainy video , the interview took place in the Somali port city of Eyl , now a center of pirate operations . Eyl is on the east coast of Somalia in the autonomous territory of Puntland . It is a largely lawless zone , considered extremely dangerous for Westerners to enter . The Puntland government said two unidentified Western journalists were taken hostage Wednesday as they attempted to report on pirate activity . Boyah said that the piracy began because traditional coastal fishing became difficult after foreign fishing trawlers depleted local fish stocks . Traditional fishermen started attacking the trawlers until the trawler crews fought back with heavy weapons . The fishermen then turned to softer targets . Watch why fishermen turned to piracy " "  We went into the deep ocean and hijacked the unarmed cargo ships , " Boyah said . "  For the past three years , we have not operated near the Somali coast . We have operated at least 80 miles -LSB- out -RSB- , in international waters . " When merchant shipping started avoiding the Somali coast , Boyah said , "  we went to ships traveling other routes . " Over the past year , the number of pirate attacks has increased dramatically . The International Maritime Bureau cites more than 90 pirate attacks off East Africa so far in 2008 . When attacks are successful , the hijacked ships are taken to Somali waters , where the ships and crew are held until a ransom is paid . See how pirate attacks have increased " Ships recently captured include a massive Saudi supertanker laden with crude oil valued at more than $ 100 million and a freighter carrying Russian-built tanks . The hijackings have been profitable . Kenya 's foreign minister , Moses Wetangula , estimates the pirates have been paid more than $ 150 million during the past year . One pirate gang wants $ 2 million dollars to release a Yemeni freighter and crew seized last week . Facing increasing disruptions through one of the busiest sea lanes in the world , several countries have sent warships to patrol the area . There have been reports of skirmishes between pirates and naval forces , but the military presence does not concern pirate leader Boyah . He boasts the pirates literally sail in a vast ocean beneath the radar of the warships . Watch how piracy thrives off Somalia " "  No ship has the capability to see everything , " he said . "  A ship can see 80 miles or so -LSB- on radar -RSB- . It can not see us at all . No one can do anything about it . " Boyah said it is unlikely the Puntland regional government would ever crack down on piracy because government officials are involved in financing the piracy and collect a cut of the ransoms . "  They motivate us . It 's their money and their weapons , " Boyah said . "  Thirty percent belongs to them . " The Puntland foreign minister , Ali Abdi Aware , denied government involvement with the pirates , including taking bribes . The minister cited the arrest of six pirates earlier this year as evidence it is acting to stop piracy . Pirate Boyah said he is unimpressed with the arrests by Puntland authorities . "  The pirates are at sea and Puntland does not approach them . The pirates are on land and Puntland does not approach them , " Boyah said . "  They arrest some small people and tell the world that they captured pirates , but they are liars . " While Boyah may have been outspoken about the government 's ineffectiveness , he did not allow interviewers to show his face , an indication that even in this lawless country , pirates still have some fear .	Piracy a life or death choice , Somali pirate says As foreign trawlers took catch , Somali fishermen turned to piracy , leader says Pirates gain more than $ 150 million in ransom in past year , official says Governments unable to stop pirates , leader says
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Embattled Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has authorized his vice president to negotiate a transfer of power with opposition parties , the state-run Saba News Agency reported Monday . Vice President Abd Rabo Mansou Hadi has "  the constitutional authority to conduct a dialogue with the signatories of the initiative made by the countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council for the Arab Gulf States , " Saleh said in a presidential decree published by Saba . The president , who has been in Saudi Arabia recuperating from a bomb attack for more than three months , said he was acting "  to reach a political solution to the current political crisis and in order to preserve Yemen 's unity , security and stability . " The decree gives Hadi authority to sign the proposal , which would result in early presidential elections intended to ensure a peaceful transfer of power . The move , however , was not welcomed by opposition parties . Those groups have ignored Saleh 's call for dialogue and urged the nation 's youths to peacefully escalate their pressure on the regime until it falls . Mohammed Qahtan , spokesman for the opposition coalition group , Joint Meeting Parties , called on the young people not to comply with the regime 's tactics , which he said are intended to weaken their position . "  Any call for dialogue before Saleh signs the GCC proposal comes in an effort by the regime to stall more time for Saleh in power , " Qahtan said . He added , "  The Yemeni revolution will continue to go forward . " The JMP announced last week that the GCC proposal was no longer an option , since Saleh had had his chance to sign it but refused . "  The GCC proposal was on the table for Saleh to sign months ago , " said Mohammed Basendowah , the president of the opposition national council . Sultan Barakani , the head of ruling party bloc in parliament , said that the ruling General People 's Congress is sticking with the GCC power transfer proposal . "  Opposition forces are not keeping their word and are not willing to come to the dialogue table . We call them to dialogue but they insist on having the crisis continue , " Barakani said . The GCC proposal is for Saleh to transfer his executive powers to Hadi within 30 days . Saleh would then formally resign . In exchange , Saleh , his family members and close aides would be granted immunity against all potential prosecution . The proposal was put forward in May by the six nations on the Arabian Peninsula that make up the council . Saleh had initially indicated he would go along with it , but then refused to sign . A Yemeni government official briefed on the negotiations but not authorized to speak to the news media said the decree has been in the works for the past week and is not a stalling tactic . "  The entire leadership of the ruling party were working together on this , but pressure was also coming from the GCC , the U.S. , the EU and the U.N. envoy to come up with a solution to the political impasse in Yemen , " the official said . "  This is definitely Saleh saying to the vice president : You negotiate , you sign , and with regional and international supervision , we 'll hold early elections . These are clear one , two , three steps . It 's not just Saleh saying to negotiate -- that would be stalling . " He said the decree makes it appear that Saleh plans to finish his medical treatment abroad . Protests demanding Saleh 's ouster have been going on for eight months . The General People 's Congress has been continuously urging dialogue . Journalist Hakim Almasmari and CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	The opposition coalition group 's spokesman calls the move a stalling tactic Vice President Hadi has the authority to negotiate transfer , President Saleh says Saleh has been in Saudi Arabia recuperating from a bomb attack
CNN  -- Michelle Lehmann wakes up at 4 a.m. . Her husband , Jim , gets their eight children out of bed as she picks out their outfits , makes breakfast and packs lunches . She fixes the younger children 's hair while her husband ties their shoes . After a quick check of school bags , everyone is out the door at 8 . The Lehmanns , left to right : Front row : Paige , 3 ; Emma , 6 ; Becca , 2 ; Monty , 5 ; Linus , 8 . Second row : Raif , 10 ; Violet , 1 ; Michelle , 37 . Back row : Jim , 38 ; Tess , 12 . Sure , having such a large family is sometimes wearing on Lehmann . But wearing on the Earth ? She does n't think so . She says her family leads a frugal life , but the criticism still pours in . "  People will say you are selfish ; you are killing the planet , " said Lehmann , 37 , who started a Web site where large families can find support . The criticism comes from those who say the Earth -- with its 6.6 billion people -- is exceeding its carrying capacity . Most estimates range from 1 billion to 1 trillion . "  Those are the people that want us to believe that there are way too many people already and we should do something about it -- preferably drastically and soon , " said Joel Cohen , a professor of population at both the Rockefeller University and Columbia University . "  And then there are the people who say , ` Oh , we could support very nicely 15 billion or 20 billion or 70 billion . ' " Les U. Knight falls into the first category . He 's the spokesman for The Voluntary Human Extinction Movement  VHEMT  . The group 's motto : May we live long and die out . Knight says the population is far more than Earth can handle . Letting humans gradually -- and voluntarily -- die out is the best thing we can do for the biosphere , his group believes . He says it does n't matter whether a family has its eight kids or one -- the last has the same impact as the first . "  I do n't think the intentional creation of one more by anyone anywhere can be justified today , " he said . "  An ideal number -LSB- of people -RSB- would be zero , because as long as there is one breeding couple , we could be right back where we are again in 10,000 years . " Those ideas are absurd and ignorant , said Sheldon Richman , editor of The Freeman , a journal published by The Foundation for Economic Education . The concept of carrying capacity applies to the animal kingdom but not humans , he said , because humans are active agents in the environment and can change their behaviors . "  People do control their reproductive activities . ... Animals do n't say , ` Well , we better not have another litter because how are we going to pay to send all those pups to college , ' " he said . A controversial concept This whole idea of carrying capacity is heavily debated , said Gerhard K. Heilig , chief of the United Nations ' Population Estimates and Projections Section . The original idea behind the concept was that natural resources and land would limit population growth , thus slowing down a population increase . That 's clearly not the case , he said , because population growth is slowing down in areas that do n't have strains on the environment . Romania , for instance , has a declining population , but the population density is low . " -LSB- Changes in population -RSB- have to do with social change , they have to do with political change , they have to do with economic situation -- they have to do with all kinds of other things , but certainly not with people reaching our biological limit , " Heilig said . Hunter-gatherer societies illustrate how social organization and technology affect the number of people an area can sustain , he said . An area where people hunted and gathered for a living might have supported 1,000 people . "  If you have a modern society with high technology , you can maybe support 5 to 10 million in the same area , " he said . The United Nations projects that population growth will continue to decline and will level off at about 10 billion around 2060 . Click here for a look at world growth rates and population projections " The number sounds scary for those who say the planet is already too crowded . "  The more of us there are , the fewer resources there are . The less room , the less space . Will it be better when there are more of us ? I doubt anyone of us is going to say yes , " Knight said . "  I think that we are engineering our own involuntary extinction and taking a lot of species with us , " he said . But Richman points out that the entire population could fit into Jacksonville , Florida , which is about 840 square miles . Give each person 1,000 square feet , and the world 's human population would easily fit inside Texas . Lehmann 's family lives in an 1,800-square-foot , four-bedroom house in Blue Island , Illinois , a Chicago suburb . They put a divider in the dining room to create two additional rooms . She says that for her family of 10 , being resourceful is n't just about being Earth-friendly -- it 's a necessity . Because of this , she maintains , her family makes no more of an impact than those with huge houses and lots of cars . "  We learn to use less because we have to stretch it out , " she said . "  If someone works very hard to obtain a lifestyle -- they want to get lots of cars , they want a very big house -- then people think that is a positive thing . And yet if someone wants to work and the thing they desire is a large family and they are willing to work just as hard , that 's criticized . " Values ca n't be overlooked when trying to determine the Earth 's carrying capacity , Cohen said . "  Do we want to have parking lots or parks ? Do we want to have Jaguars with a capital J or jaguars with a little j ? " he said . To understand the human situation and its impact on Earth , you have to consider several factors -- population , economics , environment and culture , Cohen said . "  If a person thinks that population is the cause alone of whatever problem they are discussing , then they are missing a very important part of the picture . " And Richman says one of those eight children in the Lehmanns ' suburban Chicago home may be the answer to any of the problems the Earth faces . "  In that group , there may be the next great musician , great poet , great novelist , who the heck knows ? " he said . "  People are not a problem . People solve problems . " E-mail to a friend	It is impossible to determine how many people the Earth can hold Some say we 've exceeded Earth 's carrying capacity ; others say there 's no limit U.N. projects population will level off at 10 billion in 2060 Voluntary Human Extinction Movement says Earth would be better with no people
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Environmentally friendly engineering is really right up Chicago 's alley -- in a city project called Green Alleys . Chicago workers resurface alleys with permeable concrete that cleans rainwater before it runs into Lake Michigan . The program aims to stop polluted rainwater in the city 's alleyways from ending up in adjacent Lake Michigan . Chicago 's 13,000 alleys , which allow rear access to buildings , date back to the 1800s . The 1,900 miles of back alleys ease access for garbage collection , loading and parking . They also make up about 3,500 acres of impermeable surface , which has created a big problem . Many of the alleys were built without connections to storm sewers . Rainwater puddles on the pavement and can run into buildings , sometimes flooding basements . "  We wanted to come up with a different way of solving that problem other than reconstructing , putting in a sewer system and adding water to our already full sewer system , " said Janet Attarian , sustainability coordinator with the Chicago Department of Transportation . So , the extreme alley makeover started with the pavement . The alleys are being resurfaced with concrete , asphalt or paving stones that are permeable -- that is , water runs through them like a sieve to the dirt beneath . Microbes that thrive on stuff like fertilizer and oil are seeded into the pavement or migrate there naturally . They cleanse the water of pollutants from cars and lawns . The cleaner water makes its way into the groundwater , called an aquifer , and then flows into Lake Michigan . That 's a big deal , Attarian explained , because the city takes about a billion gallons of water out of Lake Michigan every year . But only about 1 percent of that water finds its way back to the lake , Attarian said . "  So by infiltrating that aquifer , we have a chance to -LSB- give -RSB- some of that water back . " Additionally , green alleys feature pavement that 's high in albedo , or the ability to reflect light . The surface is lighter in color , reflecting more sunlight and absorbing less . "  It 's like putting on a white T-shirt instead of a black one on a hot summer day , " Attarian said . "  It cools the city off and reduces our carbon footprint . " Other features of the Green Alley program include the use of recycled materials in pavement and energy-efficient light fixtures that direct light downward to reduce light pollution . How green are those alleys ? Chicago has greened 40 of them , with 48 more scheduled to get the treatment this year .	Chicago covers alleys with special concrete that cleans polluted rain runoff Microbes in concrete eat pollutants such as fertilizer and oil Solution avoids having to rebuild city 's massive alley system Unique concrete also helps to keep city cooler on sunny days
CNN  -- At the request of the government of India , the United States will withdraw one official from its embassy in New Delhi over tensions involving a case surrounding an Indian diplomat . The decision comes as Devyani Khobragade , whose December arrest and strip search in New York strained ties between New Delhi and Washington , headed back to India . State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki said she hopes this will help gain closure in the incident . U.S. prosecutors accuse Khobragade of lying in a visa application about how much she paid her housekeeper . She was indicted this week by a federal grand jury on one count of visa fraud and one count of making false statements . Her house keeper has also publicly come out to criticize her . The Indian government denied a request by the State Department to waive Khobragade 's diplomatic immunity so she can answer the charges , U.S. and Indian officials said . The immunity was granted after her controversial arrest . Khobragade arrived at the New Delhi airport Friday , according to an Indian official who is not authorized to speak to the media . The Indian Ministry of External Affairs said earlier in the day that she had left the United States . Khobragade told CNN , through an intermediary , that the charges against her "  are false and baseless . " "  I look forward to demonstrating that to all of you , " she said through the intermediary . Khobragade "  affirmed her determination to ensure that the episode would not leave a lasting impact on her family , in particular , her children , who are still in the United States , " the ministry said . New Delhi is demanding that Washington apologize and have the charges dropped . Allegations denied Federal prosecutors allege Khobragade promised in the visa application , under which her housekeeper moved from India to the United States , to pay her at least the minimum wage in New York , and to require she work no more than 40 hours per week . They allege that Khobragade then had the housekeeper , Sangeeta Richard , sign a second contract , which set her pay her far below the minimum wage and required that she work much longer hours . "  I would like to tell other domestic workers who are suffering as I did -- you have rights and do not let anyone exploit you , " Richard said in a statement released Thursday . Khobragade 's lawyers have repeatedly said the diplomat is not guilty and is entitled to diplomatic immunity . "  She is pleased to be returning to her country , " her attorney Daniel Arshack said Thursday . "  Her head is held high . " Khobragade "  did not make any false statements and she paid her domestic worker what she was entitled to be paid , " he said . Richard fled the diplomat 's home last summer , and Khobragade started legal proceedings against her and her husband in the Indian courts . Richard has been granted permission to remain in the United States . Diplomatic status Arshack said Khobragade and her legal team were pleased that the State Department had done "  the right thing " Thursday by recognizing her diplomatic status . U.S. officials had previously said Khobragade was entitled to consular immunity , which is less broad than diplomatic immunity and covers only actions carried out under official duties . Khobragade was India 's deputy consul general for political , economic , commercial and women 's affairs . But after her arrest , Indian officials appointed her as counselor at the country 's permanent mission to the United Nations in New York . Through that post , she was accorded "  the privileges and immunities of a diplomatic envoy , " the Indian Ministry of External Affairs said . Two senior U.S. officials said that the State Department had no choice but to grant Khobragade full diplomatic immunity once she was accredited to the United Nations because she did not pose a national security threat , which is the only reason for which , in very rare cases , immunity is denied . When India refused the U.S. request to waive the immunity so that she could face the charges against her , she had to leave the country , the officials said . Father 's gratitude Khobragade 's father , Uttam , thanked people across India for their support in the case . "  Because of the support from all of you ... my daughter is going to come back to her country and unite with the family , " he said Friday at a news conference in New Delhi . He said his daughter had been fighting for the "  sovereignty of this country and dignity of the judicial system . " India has expressed outrage over the arrest of Khobragade , who was handcuffed and strip-searched by federal agents on December 12 after a complaint filed by Richard . Some observers have suggested that Indian officials ' protests and repeated demands for an apology are driven by political concerns . Secretary of State John Kerry expressed "  regret " about the situation last month , but stopped short of saying authorities had done anything wrong . U.S. law enforcement officials have said that Khobragade 's strip search was standard procedure and that she received a number of privileges not usually accorded to defendants . Pressure from New Delhi Amid the uproar , Indian authorities removed concrete barriers from outside the U.S. Embassy and took away American diplomats ' identification cards . That was followed recently by an order that the United States shut down "  commercial activities " at a recreational facility at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . The U.S. Embassy should halt the activities at the property by January 16 , an Indian external affairs official said Thursday . The property houses a bowling alley , swimming pool and gym . The multipurpose club in the embassy compound was used by nondiplomats , Indian officials said , accusing the U.S. of contravening an article of the Vienna Convention . As the diplomatic fallout deepened , U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz delayed a trip to India that had been planned for next week . "  We have been in conversation with Indian counterparts about the dates , and we have agreed to hold the dialogue in the near future at a mutually convenient date , " an Energy Department official said . Human rights activists say India 's anger about the strip search misses the bigger issue . They say the mistreatment of domestic workers is a widespread and often overlooked problem worldwide . Officials from both nations have repeatedly said that they hope the issue wo n't undermine their relations in the long term . Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia , Elise Labott , Chelsea J. Carter , Harmeet Singh , Faith Karimi and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	U.S. official hopes the move will reduce tensions Devyani Khobragade arrives in India after leaving United States Khobragade was indicted on federal counts of visa fraud and making false statements India 's former deputy consul general in New York was strip-searched after her arrest
CNN  -- Academic papers tend to be dull , but I just read one that disturbed me . "  A Veterinary and Behavioral Analysis of Dolphin Killing Methods Currently Used in the ` Drive Hunt ' in Taiji , Japan , " was published last year in the Journal of Applied Animal Welfare Science . And as we 'll see below , the "  new " method of killing dolphins  intended to be an improvement on the old method  creates such terror and pain that it would be illegal to kill cows in this manner under Japanese law itself . The paper is viewable free online , but it 's not for the faint-hearted . A little background : Each year , people kill about 22,000 dolphins and porpoises in Japan 's waters . In a town called Taiji , every year they catch and kill several hundred bottlenose , striped , and Risso 's dolphins , Dall 's porpoises and pilot whales .  The Arctic 's Faroe Islands also stages an annual pilot whale drive-slaughter for food , which has the side effect of providing the residents with high doses of mercury . Taiji got famous in the nervy Academy Award-winning film , "  The Cove . " The hunting season continues through March , activists have said . Caroline Kennedy , the new U.S. ambassador to Japan , is among those critical of the hunt ; she tweeted : "  Deeply concerned by inhumaneness of drive hunt dolphin killing . " Japanese officials have defended the hunt as legal and traditional . For some reason -- likely public relations -- officials in 2010 announced a "  new killing method . " Until recently , hunters speared and stabbed the dolphins to death after driving them onto the shoreline . The new method is supposed to reduce time-to-death . As such , it 's bogus . On paper , the new method involves destroying the spinal cord with repeated insertion of a metal rod . Even on paper , the "  new killing method " makes no attempt to damage the brain , which would at least end consciousness . In practice , the hunters splash around through the bloody water wielding their knives among the fully conscious , thrashing , squealing dolphins who have been trapped in the shallows and are being executed among their family and friends . Meanwhile , the humans have a very hard time getting into the spine . Several veterinarians and behavioral scientists who watched a covertly recorded video wrote , "  This killing method . ... would not be tolerated or permitted in any regulated slaughterhouse process in the developed world . " That includes Japan , oddly enough . Japanese prime minister responds to dolphin controversy Japan 's own slaughter guidelines for livestock require that the creature being killed must be made to lose consciousness and must be killed by methods "  proven to minimize , as much as possible , any agony to the animal . " These guidelines define "  agony " as pain , suffering , fear , anxiety or depression . But those livestock guidelines do not apply to whale and dolphin killing , which is governed by Japan 's Fisheries Agency , which treats dolphins and whales as nothing more than seafood with blowholes . The published Japanese description promotes this "  new " method by saying it , "  results in a shorter harvest time , and is thought to improve worker safety . "  Faroe Islanders use a similar killing procedure . After the Japanese drivers scare the dolphins into the shallows , they corral them and tie them together in bunches by their tails , hitch them to small boats , and drag them backward to where they 'll kill them . While being dragged , the dolphins have a hard time getting their heads above water to breathe , and some drown . The killer is supposed to destroy the dolphin 's spinal nerve by pushing a metal rod into the spine behind its head . But the nerve is encased in the spinal bones . Veterinarians and behaviorists who viewed a video noted that the first shove did not penetrate the spinal bone . They describe , "  the animal making vigorous movements during the insertion of the rod . " The man "  redirects the rod and repeatedly pushes it into the animal . " At this time , "  the rod makes first contact with the vertebral bones of the cervical  neck  vertebrae . The rod clearly requires very significant force to push further into the tissues at this time . " The hunter eventually withdraws the rod and inserts a wooden peg into the wound to prevent bleeding . This is part of the new method . Why prevent bleeding of a creature you are trying to kill ? Because -- I 'll quote the Japanese description so you do n't think I 'm making this up -- this "  prevents pollution of the sea with blood . " Slaughterhouse-killing rules for livestock such as cattle require "  rapid bleed out . " But when killing a dolphin , the workers create a massive spinal wound , then plug it to prevent the bleeding that would at least speed loss of consciousness to the dolphin , whose sensing brain remains undamaged . From this point , just to make a long and appallingly hideous story a little shorter for the sake of our comfort , the dolphin in the video who is benefiting from the new and improved killing method spends the next three and a half minutes thrashing , nodding its head rapidly , and opening and closing its mouth . The men around it ignore it ; they 're busy doing the same thing to other dolphins . The entire process lasts many hours , sometimes days . With some understatement , the veterinarians and behavior experts describing the video write , "  the treatment of dolphins in the drive hunts sharply contradict current animal welfare standards employed in most modern and technologically advanced societies ... The systematic mistreatment of dolphins and whales , allowed and sanctioned by a highly developed country such as Japan , is in striking contrast to European Union , United States , and even existing Japanese -LSB- livestock -RSB- legislation . " They note that in 2006 Japan instituted an unofficial ban on invasive chimpanzee research . They conclude by saying that there is , "  no logical reason to accept a killing method that is clearly not carried out in accordance with fundamental and globally adopted principles on the commercial utilization , care , and treatment of animals . " Dolphin killers have their reasons . They say it is "  pest control , " claiming -- as if in self-defense -- that dolphins eat too many fish ; and they do it for meat to sell , and to sell live young dolphins to marine parks and swim-with-the-dolphin programs in Japan and other countries . In a word , the usual reason : money . Not tradition . Most people in Japan do n't benefit , and no one would go hungry without dolphin and whale meat ; in fact most people do n't eat any . But , officially , Japan reacts strongly to such assaults on its tradition and culture . Assaults , bear in mind , that come mainly in the form of trying to simply film or describe what is really happening , then politely asking them to stop it . For such a thoroughly self-westernized country as Japan , with its baseball , jazz , tobacco , subways , global business and automakers , to object to criticism of its "  culture " is odd . To publicly stake a seemingly large proportion of their nation 's cultural identity on slaughtering dolphins and whales while westernizing in almost every way seems , to me , strange . And , mainly , cruel . Let it end , for good . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Safina .	Carl Safina : A "  new " method is being used to kill dolphins in controversial hunt in Japan He says the method prolongs the pain of the highly social animals U.S. Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy tweeted her criticism of the dolphin hunt Safina : Methods used on dolphins would not be allowed in slaughterhouses in Japan , elsewhere
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- A car bomb struck a U.S. Embassy vehicle Tuesday as it traveled along a coastal highway north of Beirut , killing at least three Lebanese civilian bystanders , according to American and Lebanese officials . Lebanese soldiers and Red Cross workers stand near charred cars at the site of the explosion in Beirut . The driver of the embassy vehicle suffered minor injuries , and the sole passenger walked away unscathed , U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said . Both were Lebanese nationals , he said . An American citizen who happened to be in the area suffered non-life-threatening injuries , the spokesman said . Lebanese internal security forces said three Lebanese civilian bystanders were killed in the explosion in Beirut 's Dora area , contradicting earlier reports of four . Twenty-one others -- including the American bystander -- were wounded in the explosion , which was caused by a 15-kilogram  33-pound  bomb placed in a car before the explosion , the security forces said . The United States is outraged by the terrorist attack , said Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , who is traveling with President Bush in Saudi Arabia . "  I want on behalf of our country to say to those who were wounded , and certainly to the families of those who were killed , that our condolences are with them , " she added . It was not clear whether the blast was caused by a suicide attack or by a remotely detonated car bomb . A communique issued by the U.S. Embassy in Beirut said the embassy vehicle was apparently the intended target of the attack , and identified the driver and passenger as Lebanese security personnel for the embassy . But McCormack cautioned against jumping to any conclusions on the intended target . "  We do n't yet have a full picture of exactly what happened , who is responsible , who is exactly being targeted , " he told reporters during the State Department 's daily briefing . "  We will see over the next day or two ... where the facts lead us . " Citing security concerns , McCormack would also not address unconfirmed reports that the vehicle was part of a convoy for departing U.S. Ambassador to Lebanon Jeffrey Feltman . A U.S. Embassy statement said Feltman canceled a farewell ceremony that he was to host Tuesday night "  out of respect to the victims of today 's terrorist explosion . " In addition to the American , an Iraqi and at least three Lebanese were among those wounded in the blast , according to a Western diplomatic source . Video of the scene showed several damaged cars , including at least one that was left a pile of twisted metal . A nearby high-rise building also sustained damage . Mohammed Chatah , senior adviser to Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora , pointed out that the attack happened during "  a major political crisis " in Lebanon , which has been without a president for nearly eight weeks amid a bitter political feud . "  This explosion just exacerbates a difficult situation , " Chatah told CNN . Tuesday 's blast appears to be the latest in a series of attacks against pro-Western , anti-Syrian targets in the Lebanese capital . Most recently , an explosion in Beirut 's Christian suburb of Baabda killed Brig. Gen. Francois Al-Hajj , the head of operations for the Lebanese army , and his bodyguard on December 12 . Al-Hajj was believed to be a top candidate to take over as army commander in the event current commander Gen. Michel Suleiman was elected to replace Emile Lahoud as president . Lebanon has been in the midst of a political crisis as pro- and anti-Syrian lawmakers in parliament are locked in a battle to elect a new president . The nation has been without a president since November 23 , when the pro-Syrian Lahoud stepped down at the end of his term . In February 2005 , the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri in Beirut sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of Syrian forces from Lebanon . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Anthony Mills in Beirut and Elise Labott in Washington contributed to this report	NEW : The United States is outraged by the attack , Secretary of State Rice says Car bomb strikes U.S. Embassy vehicle north of Beirut Three Lebanese civilians dead , American and Lebanese officials confirm Driver of the vehicle was slightly injured , and the only passenger was not hurt
CNN  -- Former Federation Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  president Max Mosley is championing the introduction of added safety measures in motorsport following the death of IndyCar driver Dan Wheldon in a multi-car crash on Sunday . Mosley , 71 , supported the idea of using a canopy to cover the open cockpits of IndyCar and Formula One vehicles , in an attempt to prevent a recurrence of the fatal collision at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway . The FIA Institute tested the possible use of jet fighter canopies in motorsport earlier this year , by using a high-power cannon to fire at the polycarbonate shield at 225 kilometers-per-hour to see if it could withstand loose debris on a race track . Mosley said a canopy could help stop accidents like the one experienced by F1 driver Felipe Massa in 2009 , when a spring fell from the Brawn GP car of Rubens Barrichello and struck the Ferrari driver in the head leaving him in a coma . Can Wheldon 's death be a watershed moment ? "  I think it could work , " Mosley told CNN . "  We get occasional incidents like the spring which hit Massa and the wheel which came off in Formula Two and killed John Surtees son Henry . "  You 're always in danger , in an open cockpit , of objects striking the driver ... It might also help , if it 's reinforced with another roll bar , in things like the Dan Wheldon accident . But that 's something that needs careful investigation . " On the canopy test , Mosley said it was an example of the FIA 's continued commitment to improving driver safety . "  It 's an example of constantly trying to find things that will reduce the probability of an accident , or an injury rather . Accidents are always going to happen ; it 's the injuries we want to avoid . " Former champion Stewart calls for change Despite backing the potential use of a canopy , Mosley warned such a device could benefit the car aerodynamically and potentially cause further accidents . "  One of the troubles is that it would probably make the car quicker , which is just what we do n't want . But there are other means of slowing them down . "  There are a lot of objections to canopies , how do you keep them clean ? How do you get somebody out in an emergency ? But all of that will be looked at by a technical working group if it turns out the thing would protect the driver better . " Mosley went on to back the FIA , expressing his confidence the organization will continue researching how to further protect racing drivers . "  What I do know is we 've got some very clever people , looking full-time at these problems . All aspects , everything from the driver 's helmet , to his clothes , cockpit protection , all the different things that can save them in an accident . "	Max Mosley has backed the use of canopies in motorsport Former FIA president Mosley says canopy could prevent deaths and injury World governing body FIA has been testing their effectiveness Mosley reacting after death of IndyCar star Dan Wheldon Sunday
CNN  -- A 1-year-old girl who became seriously ill on a sailboat hundreds of miles off Mexico was on a U.S. Navy frigate Sunday and in stable condition , the U.S. Coast Guard said . Her parents thanked those who played a part in their rescue . "  We are very thankful to be safe and well . We also appreciate all the concern , thoughts and prayers of everyone back home for the health of our daughter Lyra . She is doing well now , and her medical condition continues to improve , " Eric and Charlotte Kaufman said in a statement . They defended themselves against critics who question their decision to sail with their family . "  Please know that this is how our family has lived for seven years , and when we departed on this journey more than a year ago , we were then and remain today confident that we prepared as well as any sailing crew could , " they wrote . "  The ocean is one of the greatest forces of nature , and it always has the potential to overcome those who live on or near it . "  We are proud of our choices and our preparation , and while we are disappointed that we lost our sailboat and our home , we remain grateful for those who came to our aid and those family and friends who continue to encourage and support us . " On Thursday morning , the Coast Guard received a distress call about the girl , who was on the Rebel Heart -- a Hans Christian 36 boat -- with her parents and sister about 900 miles from Cabo San Lucas , Mexico . The sailboat did not have steering or communication abilities . Members of an Air National Guard unit operating out of Moffett Federal Airfield in the San Francisco Bay Area were dispatched , according to a spokesman . Four members of the 129th Rescue Wing parachuted into the ocean , inflated a motorized boat and reached the 36-foot sailboat , said 2nd Lt. Roderick B. Bersamina . The crew of the USS Vandegrift picked up the family and the four rescuers . "  Flight doctor says baby is stable after transfer ; aircraft & air crews in Cabo are prepared , alert & evaluating all options , " the 129th Rescue Wing wrote on its Twitter page Sunday . Officials said they ca n't give details about the illness , but said "  the family is in good spirits . " The family will stay aboard the Vandegrift as it sails back to San Diego . They are expected to arrive either Wednesday or Thursday , according to 129th Rescue Wing Group Commander Col. Hernando Polo . Maj. Mark Bomann said the baby is stable . "  We 've been quite pleased with her status . The family is exhausted , as one can imagine , but they 're out of any imminent danger or harm , which is what you 'd worry about in a boat that may have problems , " he told reporters . According to their blogs , Eric Kaufman and his wife , Charlotte , had plans to cross the Pacific and left Mexico some two weeks ago with their daughters Cora , 3 , and 1-year-old Lyra . The family lives in San Diego . They left there in 2012 and were slowly making their way around the world . In one of her earlier blog posts , dated October 2012 , Charlotte said that she and her husband had done a ton of research and would never purposefully put their family in harm 's way . She wrote that they traveled with a satellite phone . "  Also remember that it is far , far more dangerous to drive every day on the freeway than it is to sail from San Diego to Mexico , or even around the world , " Charlotte wrote . Italian navy rescues 730 migrants in overcrowded boats off Sicily CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo , John Newsome and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this story	NEW : Girl 's parents thank rescuers , say daughter is doing well NEW : They defend their decision to sail with their family A baby who became sick 900 miles off the Pacific coast of Mexico has been rescued She and her family are aboard a U.S. Navy ship as it heads to San Diego
WIRED  -- Got a few grand to spare for a $ 3,000 phone ? Yeah , we did n't think so . Nobody does -- and that 's a problem for the makers of luxury phones , such as Motorola , Bang & Olufson , LG and Vertu . Vertu makes phones starting at $ 6,000 and going up in price . After years of chasing the ultra-wealthy with exclusive devices that carry designer logos and promise craftsmanship from materials such as sapphire and stainless steel , luxury phone makers are now pulling back . "  The culture has shifted away from conspicuous consumption , so if you are going to have a super expensive product this may not be the time for it , " says Avi Greengart , research director for consumer devices at Current Analysis . Motorola has already gotten the memo . Earlier this week , the company reportedly canceled the Ivory E18 , a device tentatively priced around $ 3,000 . The phone had met with lack of interest from telecom carriers . Motorola declined to comment . If that sounds like an obvious outcome , perhaps it should n't . In the last few years , luxury phones had turned into an attractive new business , as designer houses rushed to get a foothold in the tech sector . Prada collaborated with LG to launch two LG Prada phones in Europe and Asia . Last September , Samsung launched the M75500 Night Effect phone , which carried the Emporio Armani insignia . A month later , Motorola offered a $ 2,000 phone , called the Aura , which was fashioned out of stainless steel and sported a 62-carat sapphire crystal lens . And then there 's Vertu , a company that makes true luxury phones , the cheapest of which costs about $ 6,000 . The recession put a spoke in those plans . And it 's not just the 401Ks of middle-class Americans that have been in peril . In Russia , many newly-minted billionaires saw their fortunes slip away with falling oil prices . By the first quarter this year , the U.S. economy had shrunk 5.5 percent . Even 50 Cent has complained about losing more than a few Benjamins on the stock market . And just like that , the crystal dominoes started to fall . Last October , Bang & Olufsen , whose phones retailed in Europe for more than $ 1,500 , shuttered its cellphone business as it decided to trim its costs and get out of non-profitable ventures . Motorola is the latest to pull back its luxury line . Luxury phones have never been a big phenomenon in North America , says Greengart . Their manufacturers have had better luck in emerging markets . But now even in those countries , where once 8 percent GDP growth seemed conservative , wealthy consumers are feeling the pinch . "  Super expensive , bling bling phones are big in markets where conspicuous consumption is a way to tell your countrymen you have arrived , " says Greengart . "  But now , it 's a very different economy for everyone . " Many of the troubles that the uber-expensive phones face are because they are created by companies whose main expertise is in targeting a mass market , says Frank Nuovo , former chief of design for Nokia and current head of Vertu . "  I did n't start this business to soak the phones in diamonds and jewels , " says Nuovo . "  The concept is same as a fine watch or a fabulous car . To be a true luxury product , you have to look at making something that does n't have an 18-month shelf life . " True luxury , as Nuovo defines it , does n't apply to a mere $ 2,000 phone : A Vertu device , soaked in platinum , can run up to $ 70,000 . The company 's one-off phones , designed in collaboration with luxury jewels house Boucheron , cost even more . Nuovo may have inadvertently hit on the real problem with luxury phones : Phones are still a very feature-driven products . They are products where the rapid advances in technology can rend older models obsolete very quickly . "  Phones are n't like a handbag where the fundamental utility remains the same and the design changes all the time , " says Greengart . But Nuovo is n't convinced . "  Take watches and cars , " he says . "  They all run the same but everyone has a unique way of delivering them stylistically . We can do the same with phones . " Despite the bumps on the road now , Nuovo says the luxury phones will bounce back and find an audience . "  It is no different than a fine watch or a car , " he says . "  If you take people who value something that is made extraordinarily well there will always be a group interested in it . " Vertu is determined to prove that . It will launch its latest handset the Carbon Fibre Ascent Ti in August . The phone is made of high-gloss carbon fiber and has a sandblasted titanium surface . The price tag ? $ 9,800 . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	The luxury phone market is in decline because of the recession Uber-high-end phones are more popular outside the U.S. Vertu makes luxury phones that start at $ 6,000 and go up in price Some phones pair with designer brands or are made from rare materials
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Those most responsible for last year 's post-election violence in Kenya may now be punished by the International Criminal Court , after Kenya missed a deadline to address the issue . A man runs past a market set on fire in post-election violence in Nakuru , Kenya , in January 2008 . Luis Moreno-Ocampo , the chief prosecutor of the court , said in a statement Wednesday that his court will now step in to help Kenya address the post-election violence of early 2008 . "  Kenya will be a world example on managing violence , " he said . Kenya 's coalition government promised action after more than 1,000 people were killed following a disputed election in December 2007 . Hundreds of thousands were displaced amid the bloodshed . One of the chief promises was the formation of a tribunal to try the perpetrators of that violence . Now that Kenya has missed the deadline , Moreno-Ocampo announced a plan to address the issue . In the statement , he said the International Criminal Court would prosecute those most responsible , and other perpetrators would be subject to "  national accountability proceedings as defined by the Kenyan Parliament , such as a Special Tribunal . " Kenya will also create "  other reforms and mechanisms such as the Justice , Truth and Reconciliation commission to shed light on the full history of past events and to suggest mechanisms to prevent such crimes in the future , " the ICC statement said . During meetings with Moreno-Ocampo in July , a delegation from Kenya said that prosecuting those responsible for the violence was necessary to prevent similar acts ahead of the 2012 election . CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Violence in early 2008 killed more than 1,000 , displaced hundreds of thousands Kenya promised to set up tribunal to try the perpetrators , but has missed deadline International Criminal Court says it will prosecute those most responsible "  Kenya will be a world example on managing violence , " top court official says
CNN  -- Wayne Rooney insists he will be fit to lead England 's charge for the World Cup after injury curtailed the Manchester United striker 's English Premier League season . The 24-year-old is currently sidelined with a groin injury but after picking up the Premier League 's player of the year award -- voted for by his fellow professionals -- he said there is no way he will miss out on the tournament in South Africa . Rooney has been in lethal goalscoring form this season , netting 40 goals for club and country , and has been pinpointed as the key player in England 's bid to lift the World Cup for only the second time in their history . "  The groin will be fine for the World Cup , there are no worries about that , " he told the Professional Footballers ' Association awards in London . "  I 'm hoping to play for United in the last game of the season . " It is the first time Rooney has won the PFA award , though he has twice scooped the young player of the year award . He said : "  I remember coming here in 2005 and 2006 to win the young player of the year award . I saw the players winning the main one and it 's something I 've aimed for since . " Rooney paid tribute to his club manager , Alex Ferguson , who insists he has no plans to retire from the game , at 68 . "  Sir Alex is a great manager who has really brought me on as a player since I joined United , Rooney said . "  His hunger passes through to the players . "  It 's great to see that he 's pushing 70 and he has n't changed a bit . I 'm sure he 'll be at United a long time yet . " Rooney is hoping Manchester United can secure a fourth straight Premier League crown , but they remain one point behind Chelsea after Carlo Ancelotti 's side thrashed Stoke 7-0 on Sunday . Chelsea travel to Liverpool next weekend in a game that could have a huge bearing on the destination of the title and Rooney is confident the Reds can do his side a favor . "  I 'm sure Liverpool will want to beat Chelsea , " said Rooney . "  The pride they 've got and the history they 've got , I 'm sure they 'll want to win that game . They are fighting to get into the Europa League . " Aston Villa 's James Milner -- another member of England coach Fabio Capello 's squad -- picked up the young player of the year award .	England striker Wayne Rooney insists he 'll be fit for the World Cup finals Rooney is currently sidelined with a groin injury The Manchester United striker was voted Premier League player of the season
CNN  -- On his HBO talk show , "  Last Week Tonight , " comedian John Oliver aired a blistering segment about President Obama and the issue of income inequality . Oliver reminded viewers that "  last December , the president made it clear that income inequality " would be a "  big priority , " since in a speech he called it the "  defining challenge of our time . " The segment continued with clips of media pundits saying that the battle against income inequality had finally begun and that an "  all-out assault " on this problem was inevitable . Oliver joked that income inequality had better watch out , since it was going to be "  violently ameliorated " -- or , he explains , it would have been if Democrats had not "  immediately backed down . " Instead of a war on inequality , he said , the issue became another topic that Americans like to avoid  like Japanese internment camps or the time we gave Roberto Benigni an Oscar  . Oliver is on to something important . No matter how many times Democrats bring up the issue , they just ca n't seem to commit to a fight on income inequality . Inequality can be a winning issue Such a retreat is not inevitable . The conventional argument that the U.S. is just a center-right country does n't hold water . In most polls , there is clear evidence of strong support for policies that deal with inequality , such as a higher minimum wage or tax cuts that will stimulate job growth , as well as limits on the tax benefits enjoyed by companies that invest overseas . When asked whether they dislike government , Americans often say yes . But when asked about whether they like specific policies that combat inequality , they also respond favorably . Whenever Republicans have tried to take a big bite out of programs that create some kind of social safety net , like Social Security , they have faced a huge backlash . Just ask former President George W. Bush , who watched his political capital burn away in 2005 when he attempted to privatize Social Security . The Democrats have a strong party tradition during the New Deal and Great Society of making great electoral gains when they focus on these kinds of questions . To be sure , there are some Democrats who have insisted on moving forward with this issue despite the perceived political risks . Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has been extremely aggressive in tackling inequality . In a recent trip to West Virginia , Warren excited Democrats when she told them to ask Republicans , "  Who do you work for ? Do you work for those who hire armies of lobbyists and lawyers ? Do you work for the millionaires and billionaires who 've already made it big ? " Early in his administration , President Obama was more determined to move forward with this issue , as was evident with the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and his advocacy of pay equity . Hesitating on inequality issue Yet it also true that Democrats quickly get skittish when bringing up these issues . They have hesitated to make this a central issue for the party , and they have avoided going after Republicans on the topic while branding themselves as the party that will help the middle class regain its mojo . Since calling inequality the "  defining issue of our time " in December , President Obama has consciously backed off even talking about the issue . In June , the Washington Post published a revealing piece documenting how he abandoned the issue despite his bold talk last year . He shifted from talking about the persistence of income inequality that results from our public policies and structure of our economy to a more optimistic trope of offering ways to boost the middle class . "  Both the White House and the Senate agreed that the decline of middle-class incomes was the most serious issues we face in this country , " Sen. Charles Schumer was quoted as saying in the story , "  but the focus had to be on how to get middle-class incomes up , rather than drive other people 's incomes down . " Even when policies are difficult to pass in Congress , at a minimum , a president has the power to keep talking about an issue and try to make it central in the national conversation . This is particularly important with controversial issues like inequality . Yet he has decided not to use the power of the bully pulpit for this purpose . Lacking self-confidence So why is this the case ? The most important is that Democrats as a party lack self-confidence . Ever since the 1970s , they have been a party that often thinks their opponents are winning , even when they are not , and for several decades they have accepted the terms for the debate laid out by the GOP . In 1976 , Jimmy Carter ran as a Democrat who embraced conservative arguments about reforming bureaucracy and balancing the budget , someone who would challenge party stalwarts like organized labor . During his presidency , Bill Clinton , who ran as part of the centrist Democratic Leadership Council , stressed the virtues of free markets and agreed to end the public welfare system that had been created in 1935 . Though Obama started his presidency with the promise to embrace progressive ideals , he has backed away from this kind of outlook and very often toed a centrist line . He has avoided any serious discussion of progressive tax reform that would raise more income from the wealthy , other than his decision to allow the tax cuts on the very wealthiest Americans to expire , or much tougher regulatory actions against Wall Street to prevent the kind of leakage that has been characteristic of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act . The original law itself was written in a way that created huge openings for financial institutions to circumvent the regulations . There has been insufficient attention to public investment in new industries that could provide more well-paying jobs . Obama has maintained a tepid relation with unions , usually considered the best bulwark against inequality in the 20th century . Strengthening the bargaining power of workers and protecting union members from fear of being fired has been a failed fight in recent years . Obama , and other presidents , have not stood by the unions . In short , Democrats have been scared to embrace their own tradition . Campaign dollars play a role Democrats have also faced a loaded political process that does n't favor these kinds of policies . The existing campaign finance and lobbying system , which has greatly empowered corporate interests and wealthier Americans , makes it hard to actually fight for policies that reduce inequality . To run their campaigns , Democrats need many millions of dollars from Wall Street and corporate interests that would oppose policies that significantly reduce inequality . Democrats , including Obama , have generally given up on the issue of campaign finance and lobbying reform , and the playing field remains skewed against equality . When the financial crisis happened in 2008 , despite enormous public support for muscular regulatory policies , members of both parties backed down , in part a response to the power of Wall Street . Even today , Democrats might talk about tougher tax policies toward corporations , but such changes are very hard to pass through Congress when they confront the corporate power in Washington . Democrats have not been very successful working with this issue in the modern media environment . Oliver astutely plays clips of Fox News broadcasts that followed Obama 's speech on inequality , showing talking heads and hosts castigating the president for launching "  class warfare . " The kinds of measures that have generally been discussed at this point , such as raising the minimum wage , are a far cry from class warfare . Yet conservatives have been very effective at instantly spreading this message the minute the topic arises . Democrats have not offered and sold an effective response , one that shows that dealing with economic security is not radical at all but very much part of the political tradition . A question for Hillary Clinton When they downplay inequality as an issue , Democrats are making a big political mistake . Hillary Clinton , who is thinking of launching a presidential run , should know this better than anyone . Her most powerful moments in the 2008 primaries came when she appealed to blue-collar Americans who were working hard and not getting ahead . This was the single issue that allowed her to light up on the campaign trail . With some skeptics saying that her ties to Wall Street will compromise her on this issue , Clinton will need to push back -- as she did with a recent speech at the New America Foundation -- and demonstrate that she is a Democrat who will fight for strengthening the middle class . Right now , Democrats should probably take a close look at the agenda put forth by their colleagues in the House . Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi proposed an agenda she would champion for the first 100 days in the unlikely event the Democrats regain control of the House in November . It includes a minimum wage increase , equal pay legislation , cutting special tax breaks for corporations and more . These proposals are a step forward , though they clearly fall short of measures that will be able to truly reverse income inequality . For that , they will need presidential support and a party commitment to follow through . Tackling inequality has always been a way for Democrats to strengthen their political coalition of African-Americans , blue-collar and middle-class workers and wealthier progressives . This is the issue that has always bound the party together . Democrats have a huge opportunity to make gains , given the current agenda of the Republican Party . Despite all the talk of conservative populism , the fact is that Republican economic policies have been biased toward wealthier segments of the population . But if Democrats are going to really move forward with these issues , they will have to avoid the mistakes that have bogged down these efforts in previous years . If they do n't change their ways , the Democratic fight on income inequality will remain a punch line on comedy shows and a rallying cry for Republicans who want to paint Democrats as too far left of center . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	President called inequality the "  defining challenge " of our time but has downplayed it since Julian Zelizer : Democrats have been wary of making the issue their focus He says Warren is right to emphasize it , and it could be a winning issue for Dems Zelizer : When GOP has targeted programs like Social Security , it has suffered
Mental Floss  -- Sean Connery was n't supposed to be James Bond . Keanu Reeves was n't supposed to be "  The One . " So , who were the original choices ? "  I would have absolutely messed up ` The Matrix , ' " Will Smith told Wired about turning down the role of Neo . Here are 5 actors and the legendary roles they turned down : 1 . THE ROLE : James Bond in "  Dr. No " WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Cary Grant Despite being Bond producer Albert Broccoli 's best man , Grant said , "  I do n't " to the offer , and Sean Connery got the role instead . Of course , many studio executives objected to the decision , and even Bond creator Ian Fleming said Connery "  was n't exactly what I had in mind . " REGRETTABILITY METER : Low By the 1960s , Cary Grant already had a spectacular film career . If he 'd accepted the role  as Broccoli later revealed  , it would 've been just a one-movie deal . Mental Floss : Name that 007 tune 2 . THE ROLE : Neo in "  The Matrix " WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Will Smith turned it down to star in the forgettable action flick "  Wild Wild West , " and the part went to Reeves . REGRETTABILITY METER : Low In an interview with Wired , Smith said , "  I would have absolutely messed up ` The Matrix . ' At that point I was n't smart enough as an actor to let the movie be -- whereas Keanu was . " 3 . THE ROLE : Vincent Vega in "  Pulp Fiction " WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Michael Madsen , who was stuck in lengthy rehearsals for "  Wyatt Earp . " John Travolta got the role instead and , almost overnight , transformed from a Hollywood has-been into one of the most bankable stars in the business . REGRETTABILITY METER : High Madsen called "  Wyatt Earp " a "  big waste of time . " Mental Floss : Kim Jong Il , the director he kidnapped , and the awful Godzilla film they made together 4 . THE ROLE : Gandalf in the "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy WHO LET IT GET AWAY : Sean Connery , who 'd never read the J.R.R. Tolkien series and claimed he "  did n't understand the script . "  Can you say karma ? REGRETTABILITY METER : High In return for playing the role , New Line Cinema offered the Scottish actor up to 15 percent of worldwide box office receipts , which would have earned Connery more than any actor had ever been paid for a single role -- as much as $ 400 million . 5 . THE ROLES : Sundance in "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , " Jimmy "  Popeye " Doyle in "  The French Connection , " and Captain Benjamin Willard in "  Apocalypse Now " WHO LET THEM GET AWAY : Steve McQueen REGRETTABILITY METER : Tragically high McQueen turned down the role of Sundance simply because costar Paul Newman refused to give him top billing . Later , McQueen declined the lead in "  The French Connection " because he felt the part was too similar to the tough cop he 'd played in 1968 's "  Bullitt . " Gene Hackman took the part and won an Oscar for it . And finally , in 1978 , McQueen told "  Apocalypse Now " director Francis Ford Coppola to shove off when he was offered the lead . McQueen 's non-negotiable asking price was $ 3 million ; plus , he did n't feel like spending four months shooting in the Philippine jungle . Instead , Martin Sheen landed the role , and despite suffering a heart attack during the stressful production , he gave one of cinema 's greatest performances . Mental Floss : The 9 Battles of Martin Scorsese For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Sean Connery turned down role of Gandalf in "  LOTR " and lost $ 400 million Imagine Will Smith as Neo in "  The Matrix ; " he declined the role John Travolta was NOT the first choice for "  Pulp Fiction 's " Vincent Vega Steve McQueen rejected lead roles in "  Apocalypse Now ; " "  Sundance "
CNN  A plane passenger who had recently traveled to an "  Ebola-affected country " does not have the virus and was released from the hospital , according to a statement from the New Jersey Department of Health . The health care worker was hospitalized after a flight landed at Newark Liberty International Airport on Monday , a hospital spokeswoman said . The passenger was kept overnight at Hackensack University Medical Center for further evaluation "  in an abundance of caution , " spokeswoman Nancy Radwin said . Luke Punzenberger , a spokesman for United , said an ill passenger was on a flight that arrived in Newark from Brussels Monday afternoon . "  After arriving at Newark airport from Brussels , medical personnel met a United flight to assist an ill passenger on board , " he said . "  Passengers and crew stayed on the plane until the medical personnel cleared the aircraft . " While the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention acknowledges it 's possible a person infected with Ebola in West Africa could get on a plane and arrive in another country , the chances of the virus spreading during the journey are low . "  It 's very unlikely that they would be able to spread the disease to fellow passengers , " Stephen Monroe , deputy director of the CDC 's National Center for Emerging Zoonotic and Infectious Diseases , told CNN last year . "  The Ebola virus spreads through direct contact with the blood , secretions or other body fluids of ill people , and indirect contact -- for example with needles and other things that may be contaminated with these fluids . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Susannah Cullinane and Madison Park contributed to this report .	A state official says patient was released and did not have Ebola The passenger arrived in Newark Monday after recent travel to an "  Ebola-affected country " The patient was at Hackensack University Medical Center
CNN  -- More than 50 vehicles -- including a bus carrying Boy Scouts -- collided in a massive pileup on a snow-swept New Hampshire interstate Sunday , closing the highway in one direction for five hours , authorities and witnesses said . Cars and buses are crunched together after a major pileup on Interstate 93 on Sunday . There were no fatalities and no apparent life-threatening injuries , although rescue personnel were working to extricate people from crushed vehicles on Interstate 93 near Derry , according to Lt. Chris Aucoin of the New Hampshire State Police . Stephanie Hasenauer was traveling with her son on a bus taking about 30 Boy Scouts on a ski trip . She said the bus came upon an auto accident at about 9 a.m. and stopped . Then , she said , "  at least 30 or 40 cars all piled up behind us . " Watch the aftermath of the massive pileup " "  It was unbelievable . There were cars , buses , 18-wheelers , plow trucks , " Hasenauer told CNN . "  Most people -LSB- in wrecked vehicles -RSB- could n't get out of their doors -- they were climbing out the windows , " she said . "  One guy who was further back , his car went under -LSB- an -RSB- 18-wheeler and could n't get out . The first thing the firefighters did when they got there was try to save him . " Hasenauer said the bus was bumped by at least two cars but there were no injuries on the bus . People in other vehicles were not so lucky . "  The worst thing I saw was this one family -- there was a man in his 40s , he had a lot of cuts , he had blood on his face and head , " Hasenauer said . "  We saw a lot of blood on the road and snow . One girl -- part of the same family -- had a big gash on her head . " Hasenauer said light snow was falling at the time of the pileup , and Aucoin of the state police said there was about 10 inches of snow already on the ground in the area . At least 10 people were taken to area hospitals , Aucoin said , and traffic on northbound lanes of the interstate was blocked for nearly five hours until the highway was cleared . iReport.com : Did you see the pileup ? Share photos , video Hasenauer said the Boy Scout bus was stuck at the scene for about an hour but then turned around and headed home , and the Scouts would have to miss their ski trip because of the accident . "  It was just a huge huge mess , " she said . "  One kid got a little queasy when he saw the blood , but that 's it . We 'll see if the shock sets in tonight when they go to bed . "	NEW : I-93 reopens five hours after crash involving cars , buses , 18-wheelers Bus taking Boy Scouts on ski trip was near front of pileup , witness says No fatalities or major injuries reported ; at least 10 taken to hospitals , police say Police say there was 10 inches of snow on the ground where wreck occurred
CNN  -- What 's going on in Ferguson ? It 's been nine days since Michael Brown was killed , and his family is still waiting for information from investigators about what happened to their young man . Eyewitnesses and cell phone videos recount the minutes after his death -- before Brown lay dead for five hours , uncovered in the street -- but the state ca n't provide the family with any information ? No state autopsy reports . No witness statements . No grand jury indictment . No nothing . There 's something seriously wrong here . Imagine having to conduct an autopsy on your son while his body lies in a funeral home so you can know how he died before you bury him . The Ferguson Police Department was implicated in racial profiling in a 2013 Attorney General of Missouri report , so how can anyone possibly think they would want to investigate one of their own in a shooting ? The FBI should have been on hand from the beginning . While the National Guard is deploying to Ferguson , I implore local law enforcement to deploy common sense -- withdraw from the investigation . State Highway Patrol Captain Ron Johnson , appointed to coordinate security operations , has been a tremendously important presence in the community and now we need the same on the prosecutorial side . The attorney general should immediately appoint a special prosecutor working jointly with the Justice Department . The community needs this . The first and "  very preliminary " autopsy results have just been released , and they paint a very grim picture of how Michael Brown died : He was shot at least six times , including twice in the head , according to acclaimed pathologist Dr. Michael M. Baden , who conducted the autopsy at the request of Michael Brown 's family .  Let that sink in , the family had to hire a private pathologist to get answers . At least one of the bullets appear to have entered and exited several times , shattering Brown 's right eye , traveling through his face , leaving through the jawbone and re-entering through his collarbone , said Baden . The final shot was apparently the fatal one , which hit Brown on the top of the head . With 50 years of experience  he has conducted some 20,000 autopsies  , Baden spoke with calming authority about his findings ; he said that the state medical examiner was a trusted colleague who would likely make very similar findings . But since Baden did not have access to Michael Brown 's clothing  to examine gun powder residue  , or X-rays , or witness statements , or toxicology reports  and I ca n't help but wonder why he was n't given access to this  , he could not respond to the calls for justice in Ferguson . He said that Brown was shot from anywhere between one foot and 30 feet away . He said bullet wounds to Brown 's arms could have been sustained by Brown putting his hands up or making a defensive gesture by crossing his arms . From where I sit , six bullets pumped into an unarmed kid in broad daylight is excessive force . But that only moves us slightly closer to truth . The eyewitness ' accounts vary so widely -- and eyewitness testimony is notoriously unreliable , often refuted by the scientific evidence produced at trial . At least one witness , Piaget Crenshaw , told CNN that it "  looked as if " the officer tried to pull Brown into the car , then was "  chasing after the boy " until Brown turned around and was shot . But others say Brown was shot in the back . At the moment , the case hinges on the accounts of two conflicting witnesses : Dorian Johnson and Officer Darren Wilson . Johnson was walking with Brown when the shooting occurred and gave this account , reported by MSNBC : Johnson said a police officer approached as he and Brown were walking in the middle of the street and told them to use the sidewalk . They complied , and the officer began to drive away , but then threw his car into reverse and came back alongside the teens , nearly hitting them . Johnson said he heard Wilson say something like "  What 'd you say ? " before trying to open his car door and slamming it into Brown . Then , Johnson said , the officer reached out and grabbed Brown by the neck with his left hand . The two men struggled briefly , and then Wilson , still in his car , shot Brown once , Johnson said . Johnson said that he and Brown "  took off running together , " but Brown was shot a second time "  striking him in the back , " he said . After the second shot , Brown turned around , putting his hands in the air and saying , "  I do n't have a gun . Stop shooting ! " according to Johnson . He said that Wilson then approached Brown and fired several more shots until he "  crumbled into a fetal position . " As the news conference for the autopsy was taking place , a caller to a St. Louis radio station , who identified herself only as "  Josie , " told listeners she knew Wilson 's side of the story . Here is a summary of what she said : He says the boys were walking in the street , Wilson rolled the window down and told them to get out of street . Wilson may have called for backup when he pulled over . He heard the call for the strong armed robbery and saw the teens carrying something that might have been cigars . He pulled over and when he tried to get out of the car , twice he was pushed back into the car by Michael Brown . Brown then punched him in the face and Wilson reached for his gun . Brown grabbed the gun and at one point had the gun pushed again Wilson 's hip so Wilson pushed the gun away and the gun went off . Brown and his friend ran and Wilson got out of the car and pursued . He told them to freeze and Brown and his friend turned around . Brown started to taunt him , then bum rushed Wilson , coming at him full speed . Wilson started shooting . Wilson said the final shot was in the forehead and Brown fell two or three feet in front of the officer . A source with detailed knowledge of the investigation into the shooting told CNN that "  this account is accurate . " Where witness accounts differ , an autopsy can provide certainty , as it will allow us to recreate the crime scene and -- with certainty -- know how far apart the men where , what Brown was doing when he was shot and whether he ever had his hand on Wilson 's gun . There was one important question that Baden could answer for certain . Michael 's mother wanted to know whether her son had suffered when he died . Baden assured her that the bullet to the head had rendered him unconscious and in his opinion "  he had not suffered . " I hope the local authorities recuse themselves from the investigation and turn it over to a special prosecutor with the attorney general . And for crying out loud , hurry up and complete the three autopsies , the investigation and the grand jury proceedings . What Ferguson and Michael Brown 's family need right now are answers , and until we have them , there will be nothing but more heartbreak , chaos and uncertainty .	Mel Robbins : 9 days later , investigators still have n't told Brown family what happened FBI should have been there from start ; attorney general should tap special prosecutor , she says She says confusing story has varying accounts ; investigators should tell what they know Robbins : Baden autopsy best information family has gotten so far ; they need more answers
Groundbreaking research that reshaped the way economists and investors look at how markets work has earned three American professors the Nobel Prize in economics , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences announced Monday . Eugene F. Fama and Lars Peter Hansen of the University of Chicago and Robert J. Shiller of Yale University received the prize "  for their empirical analysis of asset prices , " the Nobel committee said . According to the committee , the economists ' research "  laid the foundation for the current understanding of asset prices . " Their research showed that while it is difficult to predict asset prices in the short term , prices can be predicted in broad terms over longer periods , such as three to five years , according to the academy . Their work resulted in the emergence of stock index funds -- collections of assets designed to mimic the results of broader stock indexes , such as the Dow Jones Industrial . Such funds are often staples of retirement and individual investment accounts . Shiller warned about the 1990s-era "  stock bubble " and about high home prices before the decline in housing values that greatly contributed to the recession from which the U.S. economy continues to recover , CNN Money reported Monday . Reached by phone during the news conference announcing the award , Shiller said "  disbelief " was the only way to describe his reaction . "  A lot of people have told me they hoped I would win it , but I am aware that there are so many other worthy people that I had discounted it , " he said . He said economics has broad applications to improving human welfare . "  Finance drives modern civilization , " Shiller said . "  I want to see finance developed further to benefit mankind . " The economics award was not among the original prizes created in 1895 by Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel to honor work in physics , medicine , chemistry , literature and peace . The Central Bank of Sweden added it as a category in memory of the industrialist . The first prize was awarded in 1969 . Most of the recipients of the Nobel in economics have been born in the United States . Nobel highlights Syria with Peace Prize to chemical weapons watchdog Nobel medical prize goes to 2 Americans , 1 German Canada 's Alice Munro , ` master ' of short stories , wins Nobel Prize in literature Nobel Prize in chemistry awarded for work that led to complex computing ` God particle ' theorists receive Nobel Prize in physics	Robert Shiller warned about stock and housing bubbles , CNN Money reports Yale 's Shiller and two University of Chicago economists worked on predicting asset prices Their work "  laid the foundation for the current understanding of asset prices , " committee says "  Finance drives modern civilization , " Shiller says
WIRED  -- AT&T broadband users will soon face a cap on the amount of internet data they can download a month . Traditional DSL users will be capped at 150 GB per month , while subscribers to the fiber-backed UVerse system have a 250-GB limit . Usage over that will be charged at $ 10/month for 50 GB , the company says . The company says that currently only a small percentage of users -- around 2 % -- use this much data a month . If that 's the case , it 's not clear why the company is bothering to install the caps . It is , however , the same rationale  and the same usage stat  that the company relied upon to explain why it would be capping iPhone data plans last summer , which had hitherto been "  unlimited . " WIRED : Congressman wants to ban download caps DSL and UVerse connect fairly directly to a hub -- unlike cable connections where users share a local loop that can become congested . Bulk-bandwidth costs for an ISP are a tiny portion of its business costs , and those prices continue to fall even as users consume more and more data . So , how could a user end up hitting these caps ? Streaming video such as HD movies from Netflix , using bittorrent to download movies and heavy gaming with services like Steam can easily eat up lots of data , especially in households with multiple heavy internet users . AT&T is n't the first large broadband provider to impose caps . Comcast imposed a 250-GB cap shortly after the company was caught throttling bittorrent downloads . Time Warner Cable tried going further with trials of a service that imposed very low limits for users , which led to a furor among users and lawmakers . There 's little data to demonstrate whether large ISPs actually are experiencing real issues with congestion . Skeptics see the limits as ways to discourage cable video customers from "  cutting the cord " and getting their video online , or as a way to pocket profits instead of re-investing in bulking up their infrastructure . Derek Turner , the research director for the net neutrality advocacy group Free Press says the limits will discourage online innovation , and that with the growth curve of internet usage , the limits will soon catch many internet user . "  When ISPs force their customers to watch the meter , experimentation , innovation and business will suffer , " Turner said . "  AT&T 's actions are another troubling symptom of a broadband market that lacks meaningful competition , and this move may be the start of a race to the bottom among other providers to see who can squeeze its customers the most . At worst , this is a plan designed to discourage cord-cutting and pad profits ; at best , this is another example of an antiquated phone-company business model being forced onto an otherwise vibrant and limitless marketplace . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	AT&T broadband users soon to face cap on amount of internet data they can download Traditional DSL users will be capped at 150 GB per month Subscribers to the fiber-backed UVerse system have a 250-GB limit
EW.com  -- On Saturday , the Internet lit up with the breathless all-caps news that Charlie Hunnam would no longer be playing the dashing if psychologically damaged billionaire Christian Grey in the big-screen adaptation of "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " Some of best-selling author E L James ' readers were ecstatic , as it meant their dream casting for fan favorites like Matt Bomer or Ian Somerhalder might have life yet . But it was a gut punch to Universal/Focus , which is scrambling to recast a beloved role and still keep to their mid-November production start . In the official studio statement , blame was placed on Hunnam 's "  immersive TV schedule , which is not allowing him time to adequately prepare . " This sounds dubious though , as his FX drama "  Sons of Anarchy " was always scheduled to wrap production on its sixth season on Oct. 22 . One source close to the actor says Hunnam had serious reservations about the script , a possibility made more interesting by the recent news that the studio had brought on Notes on a Scandal writer  and friend to director Sam Taylor-Johnson  Patrick Marbe to give the "  Fifty Shades " script a polish . We 're also hearing that Hunnam just second-guessed his willingness to bear the weight of such a popular franchise and accept the tidal wave of fame it would surely bring .  His reps did n't return requests for comment . For now , the November production date stands , so an announcement must be imminent . Until then , the wait for fans is sweet torture . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Some fans were excited Charlie Hunnam is out of "  Fifty Shades " Universal/Focus is scrambling to recast the role An announcement of new actor is imminent
CNN  Pope Francis has said that all he wants is to go out one day to a pizzeria "  without being recognized . " Wishful thinking , perhaps . But when you 're the the leader of the Catholic world pizza comes to you . Pizzeria owner Enzo Cacialli personally handed the pope a pie on Sunday as his motorcade drove through Naples . But , not just any pizza : a Naples-style thin crust creation with "  Il Papa " spelled out in dough and topped with yellow cherry tomatoes , a reference to the Vatican flag . A video shows Cacialli , co-owner of Pizzeria Don Ernesto , hopping a barrier with the pie in hand as the Popemobile approaches . "  Papa ! Papa ! " he yelled as he ran toward the open-top vehicle , apparently unimpeded by papal minders . The video shows Pope Francis reaching down and receiving the offering . After the hand off Cacialli pumps his fist in the air , victorious , as the crowd cheers . "  I gave him the pizza and with a smile he said ` thank you , ' " Cacialli told CNN . Cacialli comes from a pizza-making family . His says his father made a pizza for President Bill Clinton when he visited Naples in 1994 . When Cacialli learned Pope Francis was going to be in town he decided to follow in his father 's footsteps . "  It 's really hard for me to understand what I managed to do , " Cacialli said . "  Giving a pizza you made with your own hands to the Pope is very emotional . It 's really hard for me to express the value of this gesture for a man we really love and value , for a beautiful person full of humanity . " Cacialli is still waiting to hear whether Pope Francis enjoyed the edible offering .	Pizza maker Enzo Cacialli hands Pope Francis pie as motorcade drives through Naples Pie was topped with yellow cherry tomatoes , had "  Il Papa " spelled out in dough
CNN  -- The discovery of a "  sophisticated " tunnel between a Mexican eat-in kitchen and two Southern California warehouses led authorities on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border to arrest at least nine suspects and seize between 20 and 30 tons of marijuana . The Thanksgiving Day find followed an eight-month investigation and came about three weeks after authorities discovered a similar drug tunnel in another warehouse in the Otay Mesa area of San Diego . Between the two incidents , agents in the United States and Mexico seized roughly the equivalent of one marijuana cigarette for each of California 's nearly 37 million residents , Drug Enforcement Administration special agent Ralph Partridge said Friday . "  This is obviously not a Mom and Pop operation , " Miguel Unzueta , a San Diego-based agent with Immigration and Customs Enforcement , said Friday . "  This is a major , significant drug cartel working . " Unzueta described the nearly half-mile-long and , in spots , 90-foot-deep passageway as "  very sophisticated , " even more so than the one found earlier this month . Its southern entry was in the kitchen of a stucco Tijuana , Mexico , home , which had a garage attached big enough for tractor-trailer trucks . After removing a 2-foot by 4-foot piece of flooring in that house , smugglers could head 80 feet down a cinder-block-lined stretch into the tunnel . The passageway had lighting , ventilation , wood and cinder-block supports , wood floors and rail carts , U.S. law enforcement agents said . The tunnel split to lead into two separate warehouses in San Diego . "  Having been in several of these tunnels , this is one of the most sophisticated ... I 've ever seen , " Partridge said . "  This is a tunnel where a lot of drugs were being pushed through . " The discovery came after San Diego Tunnel Task Force agents , on Thursday morning , spotted a tractor-trailer arriving at one of the warehouses , said Unzueta . After getting its load , the truck headed to a border patrol checkpoint in Temecula , California , about 60 miles north of San Diego . There , authorities who had been tracking the shipment found the truck filled "  top to bottom , front to back " with 27,000 600-pound packages of marijuana , Unzueta said . Authorities initially could not get through the tunnel from the California side because it was blocked by huge packages of marijuana . Much of the drug was in a 10 - by 20-foot room about 60 feet below the surface . U.S. agents and Mexican military personnel formed a human chain to lug out what amounted to 3 to 4 tons of marijuana , according to Unzueta . In addition , U.S. law enforcement agencies tipped Mexican authorities about a ranch on that side of the border , where 3 to 4 more tons of the drug was captured . Unzueta estimated that all the marijuana seized Thursday could have sold wholesale for $ 17 million to $ 20 million or -- as Partridge estimated -- been equal to 16 million to 17 million individual 1-gram joints . The driver of the tractor-trailer truck was arrested and , if convicted on federal drug smuggling charges , could face between 10 years to life in prison , said Assistant U.S. Attorney Alana Robinson . The driver of a box truck who accompanied the tractor-trailer to the San Diego warehouse also was arrested , Unzueta said . Although that truck did n't carry any drugs , the residence it went to had $ 13,500 in cash . Both trucks ' drivers are U.S. citizens and are now in federal custody . Mexican authorities have arrested at least another seven people , Unzueta said . Earlier this month , agents made several arrests after seizing about 30 tons of marijuana related to the other San Diego tunnel discovery . John Morton , the head of the U.S. immigration and customs agency , said authorities "  caught them in the act . " And in October , Mexican authorities seized 105 tons of marijuana in Tijuana . Law enforcement agents on both sides of the border have found at least 75 cross-border tunnels in the past four years , most of them in California and Arizona , according to Unzueta . "  Internal drug traffickers are using transborder tunnels to import tons of marijuana into the United States , " Robinson said . "  Clearly , these transborder tunnels pose a significant threat to our national security as well . "	NEW : Authorities describe a "  very sophisticated " drug smuggling tunnel NEW : The tunnel was between a Tijuana eat-in kitchen and two San Diego warehouses NEW : Two people have been arrested in the United States , and at least seven in Mexico The tunnel is in the same area where agents found another this month
Berlin  CNN  -- A string of arson attacks has hit the German capital , with vandals burning dozens of cars this week , including an additional 11 overnight , authorities said Friday . At least 50 cars have been torched since Monday , authorities said . Authorities described 30 crimes are "  politically motivated , " with police spokesman Guido Busch saying Friday that the motive has changed during the week . "  While the first attacks were concentrated on the district of Charlottenburg , more and more copycats are now trying to imitate the arson attacks in various other parts of the city , " Busch said . The vandalism has heightened fears in normally quiet , gentrified districts of Berlin . "  In my opinion , it is vandalism , and we must hope that the offenders do n't cross the line to terrorism , " Dieter Wiefelsputz , a home affairs expert for the German Social Democratic Party , said Thursday . German police say they still have no clear idea who the perpetrators are . They are offering a 5,000-euro reward , just over $ 7,000 , for any leads that might result in arrests . A government official said the attacks are unprecedented . "  Right now , we have reached a new peak of arson attacks in Berlin , " said Ehrhart Koerting , the senator for domestic affairs who 's responsible for Berlin 's police force . ' I do n't know what 's going through the heads of the people doing this , " he said . The founder of a website called "  burning cars in Berlin " believes that class envy is the reason for the attacks . The website , which is run by the CEO of a travel company , documents incidents across the city . "  The burning mostly occurs in districts like Kreuzberg , Berlin Mitte or Friedrichshain . Its inhabitants do n't like their rich neighbors , so they set their cars on fire , " said Uwe Frers , who runs the website . Berlin neighborhoods have been transformed in recent years as wealthy people move into areas that used to have high unemployment , and low housing and living costs . But German sociologist Klaus Hurrelmann says the motivation for the attacks has changed over time . The attacks now are dominated by "  youngsters who are searching for the London kick , " he said . "  Setting cars on fire is cheap and easy , " said Hurrelmann , a professor at the University of Bielefeld . The vandalism has found its way into modern culture . In his song "  Cars are burning , " Frankfurt-based rapper Real Jay asks : "  What are you going to do , when the cars are set on fire ? " At least 135 cars have been torched this year , compared with 54 in 2010 , authorities said . "  Right now there are about 100 extra police officers out on the streets of Berlin each night to arrest the attacker or attackers , " police spokesman Thomas Neuendorf said . Despite the large police presence , Busch said it will be hard to contain the crimes . "  Even if we would have 1,000 extra police staff out on the streets , we could n't stop the offenders from burning cars . Berlin is just too large , " Busch said .	NEW : At least 50 cars have been torched since Monday , police say Police offer 5,000-euro reward for information leading to arrests The vandalism heightens fears in normally quiet and wealthy districts in Berlin
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Cathay Pacific , the world 's largest carrier of air cargo , will stop shipping unsustainably sourced shark products in a move marine conservation groups characterized as a big step forward in efforts to protect the animals . "  We believe that we now have compelling evidence that the majority of shark fishing is incompatible with our position on Sustainable Development , " Cathay Pacific said in a statement . "  Due to the vulnerable nature of sharks , their rapidly declining population , and the impacts of overfishing for their parts and products , our carriage of these is inconsistent with our commitment to sustainable development , " the airline said . The ban will apply to Cathay Pacific and its subsidiary Dragonair , both major players in the transport of air cargo to Hong Kong and China . Shark 's fin soup remains a popular delicacy for weddings and banquets within China . In order to obtain these fins , fishermen catch sharks , cut off their fins and throw the sharks back into the water to die . More : China plans banquet ban on shark fin Environmentalists say this wasteful practice puts several shark species at risk of extinction . An estimate 50 % of the shark fin trade comes through Hong Kong . Stanley Shea , from the marine advocacy group Bloom Association , believes Cathay Pacific 's move sends a message to other Hong Kong corporations . They are "  showing other corporates they understand the issue and making change happening in Hong Kong . " The airline says it will take three months to implement the new policy , but it will stop accepting any new contracts immediately . More : Shark fin off the menu at top hotel Cathay 's decision came after the airline received a July letter from more than 40 international environmental organizations , requesting it set an "  aggressive timeline " to stop carrying shark 's fin . In the letter , the group estimated Cathay Pacific carries between 20-50 % of all the air cargo trade in shark 's fin . Shea said they are also targeting the shipping lines , which are still responsible for carrying the majority of shark products worldwide .	Cathay Pacific will stop shipping unsustainably sourced shark products The airline is the world 's largest carrier of air cargo , headquartered in Hong Kong "  The majority of shark fishing is incompatible with our position on Sustainable Development " An estimate 50 % of the shark fin trade comes through Hong Kong
For the 108,000 women who are diagnosed with lung cancer each year , Lung Cancer Awareness Month can be a lonely time of year . Lung cancer kills nearly twice as many women as breast cancer . But November , unlike October and Breast Cancer Awareness Month , goes practically unnoticed : no sea of ribbons , no colored NFL cleats , no national monuments aglow in pink . Breast cancer is a terrible disease . My grandmother fought and beat it twice , benefiting from innovative treatments that have propelled five-year survival rates to 90 % . But the five-year survival rate for lung cancer has hovered around 16 % for decades . And for someone like my mom , who was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer , the survival rate is an appallingly low 4 % . An indiscriminate killer , lung cancer takes more lives annually than breast , prostate , colon and pancreatic cancers combined . The disease has not generally received the public attention or research dollars in proportion to its devastating lethality . Lung cancer receives just $ 1,442 in federal research funds per death , compared with $ 26,398 for breast cancer and $ 13,419 for prostate cancer according to an NIH study . Factor in private donations , and the funding gap becomes even more staggering . Often portrayed as a "  smoker 's disease , " the majority of those diagnosed with lung cancer are former smokers or have never smoked at all . And while smoking history should n't matter as nicotine is highly addictive , all lung cancer patients face the same unrelenting stigma . My mom never smoked -- in fact , studies show one in five women diagnosed with lung cancer never smoked -- and so her lingering , months-long cough did n't trigger any red flags . In fact , her doctors were certain she had pneumonia . That is until her CT scan came back showing the mass in her lung . An otherwise healthy , vibrant , beautiful woman , my mom was given less than a year to live . Thanks to advancements in targeted therapies , my mom survived -- thrived , in many respects -- for more than 40 months . She lived long enough to walk me down the aisle , attend my youngest brother 's high school graduation , watch my dad make a lasagna from scratch and fulfill a lifetime wish to hike the hills of Sedona and visit the Grand Canyon . But in July 2013 , after an unbelievably courageous and inspiring fight , my mom passed away . She was 59 . It 's impossible to describe adequately how special my mom was . She was incredibly caring , equanimous , brave and nonjudgmental . She possessed patience and calmness so rarely encountered -- and in short supply in a family full of strong personalities . She was the ballast that kept our family upright and moving forward . While lung cancer robbed my family of an unbelievably special mom and spouse , there is so much we can do to ensure happier endings for other lung cancer patients and their families . Whether you are a lung cancer survivor , caregiver , advocate or just someone who wants to join the fight , there is much we can do to bring our country 's No. 1 cancer killer out of the shadows . • Visit Uniting Against Lung Cancer , Free to Breathe , the Bonnie J. Addario Lung Cancer Foundation or the LUNGevity Foundation for great resources , local events and patient support groups . • Write a letter to your local newspaper , urging greater public awareness or encouraging corporate sponsors to step up in support of the lung cancer fight . • Join the growing #lcsm  lung cancer social media  community on Twitter . • If you are in a high-risk group -- a heavy long-term smoker -- see your doctor about CT screening . Sadly , over the next five years , more than 1 million Americans will be diagnosed with lung cancer . They will be our mothers , fathers , siblings , grandparents , co-workers and closest friends . Together , we can help them .	Lung Cancer Awareness Month does n't get attention it deserves , Arielle Densen says One in five women diagnosed with lung cancer never smoked Some 108,000 women are diagnosed with lung cancer each year
Paris , France  CNN  -- A strike by air-traffic controllers affected flights Wednesday across France , resulting in cancellations of 10 percent of scheduled flights from Paris ' main international airport , the civil aviation authority DGAC said . In addition to the cancellations at Roissy Charles de Gaulle Airport , half of the flights from Orly , the nation 's second-largest airport , were canceled , the authority said . Would-be passengers were urged to contact their airlines prior to traveling to the airport . Ireland 's low-cost airline Ryanair called Wednesday for the French government to get the French military , "  if necessary , " to take over air traffic control duties while civilian air traffic controllers are on strike . "  France , passengers and airlines can not afford these airport closures at a time when traffic and tourism is suffering , " Ryanair said in a statement . The timing coincides with the beginning of summer vacations for many French . One EasyJet passenger who was at Orly when she found out her flight had been canceled until Thursday bemoaned her situation . "  In the middle of July , it 's tough to find a place to stay , " said Nawel Boubouka . The strike started Tuesday evening and is scheduled to end Thursday at 6 a.m. Controllers are striking over plans to unify European air traffic control . France is due to join Germany , Switzerland , Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg to form what is being called Functional Airspace Block Europe Central  FABEC  . FABEC is a cornerstone of the Single European Sky project , which advocates say will reduce fuel use and flight times by making it possible for planes to fly more direct routes across the continent . The FABEC area covers 1,713,442 square km  661,560 sq miles  and is characterized by closely interlaced civil and military traffic routes , its website says . Most of the large European airports and major civil and military airways are located in the FABEC area .	Air passengers in France are urged to contact their airlines before going to the airport A strike by air-traffic controllers has resulted in some cancellations Passenger : "  In the middle of July , it 's tough to find a place to stay "
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against CSKA Moscow after Manchester City 's Yaya Toure claimed he was abused by monkey chants from the stands in Wednesday 's European Champions League encounter with the Russian club . The Ivorian made his concerns known to the referee and said he was "  furious " after the Group D game at the Arena Khimki , which City won 2-1 . But CSKA released a statement on its website denying there was any racist chanting and told CNN that UEFA 's match delegate was n't aware of any either . European football 's governing body UEFA told CNN it had no official comment to make on CSKA 's claim . It added that the match delegate or the referee had made reference to the racist chants in their reports in order for proceedings to have been opened . "  Disciplinary proceedings have been opened against PFC CSKA Moskva for racist behavior of their fans and for setting off of fireworks , " UEFA said in a statement on its website . "  The case will be dealt with by the UEFA Control and Disciplinary Body on October 30 . " Toure told Manchester City 's in-house TV channel that he was abused after missing a chance during the game , and he called on UEFA to take a tough stance on CSKA . "  I hope they will change it , I hope they will get big sanctions , " said the midfielder , who played for Ukrainian club Metalurh Donetsk from 2003-05 . "  They have to ban them at some stage , they have to ban a club for a couple of years . They do n't know . "  They have to do something about it or they will always continue with it . I do n't know why we just have this in football -- in volleyball or rugby , we do n't have it . " But Toure 's version of events was challenged by CSKA , which said its fans were trying to put pressure on City 's players with a "  disapproving drone and whistle irrespective of their race . " The statement added : "  Having carefully studied the video recording of the match , we have not found any insults of a racist nature by the CSKA fans towards the visitors , which the match delegate also confirmed after the end of the game . " CSKA also quoted Toure 's compatriot Seydou Doumbia as saying : "  I never heard anything of the kind from our fans . Yes , they noisily support the team and try to put maximum pressure on the opponent , but they do n't take the liberty of racist cries/shouts . "  So my fellow Ivory Coast teammate clearly got worked up . " However , a report on Russian news agency RIA Novosti noted that racist chanting is "  commonplace at top-flight Russian league games . " It added : "  But prosecutions are rare and clubs whose fans shout racist insults are usually punished with small fines . " High-profile stars such as Brazilian Roberto Carlos have complained about being taunted with bananas while playing in Russia -- as has another former Anzhi Makhachkala player , Christopher Samba . Last year a group of fans supporting Zenit St. Petersburg launched a "  manifesto " urging the leading Russian club to not sign black players . Russia has also come under scrutiny ahead of next year 's Winter Olympics in Sochi due to new legislation that many see as discriminating against gay people . Its successful bid to host the 2018 FIFA World Cup came with the promise that it would seek to stamp out racism in domestic football , and the organizing committee has reacted to Toure 's suggestion that players might boycott the prestigious tournament . "  The 2018 World Cup in Russia , in particular , can act as a catalyst to positively change the mindsets and behavior across all involved in Russian football over the next four years , " the 2018 organizers said in a statement to Novosti on Thursday . "  Whilst the alleged incidents are still under investigation by the relevant authorities , it is clear that all over the world a small minority try to ruin the wonderful experience of watching live world-class football for real fans . "  It is worth restating that all stakeholders in Russian football have made it clear that there is absolutely no place for any type of racial discrimination or abuse in our game . " European football has been hit by several incidents of racism this year , beginning in January when Kevin-Prince Boateng walked off the pitch during a friendly match between his then club AC Milan and a lower-league Italian side . A Serie A match involving Milan in May was suspended due to abuse of Boateng 's former teammate Mario Balotelli . This month the Ukraine national side had to play a World Cup qualifying match with Poland in an empty home stadium due to racist behavior by its supporters during a previous game against San Marino .	CSKA Moscow faces charges over behavior of its fans in match against Manchester City European soccer 's ruling body to hear case against Russian club on October 30 CSKA fans accused of racist behavior and setting off fireworks in Wednesday 's match City 's Yaya Toure complained of being racially abused during Champions League tie
Smolensk , Russia  CNN  -- When I found the first piece of fuselage , I was shocked . It was flimsy , the thin metal easily twisted back on itself . Gray on one side , some yellow on the other , it sat in a small puddle of mud a few feet from the road . I was half a mile from the runway , the tall silver birch trees nearby broken like so many matchsticks . Somehow I thought planes were supposed to be stronger than this , but what I was confronted with was an object lesson on the precarious nature of flying . The evidence of what had happened was clear . The plane struck the trees , at first just grazing their uppermost branches and then their slender boughs and trunks . It was enough to rip the plane apart . What feels almost invincible as it powers through takeoff and thrusts upward through the skies at hundreds of miles an hour had been reduced to shreds of metal , little more than a discarded tin can . These are the thoughts that flashed through my mind in those first moments of discovery . And that 's when the horror of it sinks in . The last tragic moments for all aboard ; it 's impossible to imagine the awfulness of those final seconds . I am swept by another emotion , sadness for the families , and I feel captured by an undefined grief . I knew no one aboard , but to see how their lives ended is to know a tiny fraction of the pain their loved ones must bear . But I have come to work , to tell the story of what happened , to piece together the small bits of information we 'll get , to make some sense of our corner of this huge tragedy . So that is what my team and I do . Tommy Evans , my producer , and Luis Grahame-Yool , our cameraman , get to work and set up the first live shot . It 's cold in Smolensk -- there are still piles of snow here and there . None of us have had much sleep . Luis arrived 12 hours ahead of us , Tommy and I flew in from Macedonia . All of us took the 400-kilometer drive from Moscow to get here . Each of us intent on our job , each of us grappling with the enormity of the day . No day is ever normal at CNN , but this defies even that logic . A president , his wife , many of the country 's top military , political and religious leaders killed in a country that 's not their own . The implications could be huge . As the day wore on and more details emerged , it seemed clear Russia wanted to make it known it was not at fault . Evidence pointed toward the pilots rather than a mechanical error . Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who is leading Russia 's investigation , was on course to lay blame at Poland 's door . He has a reputation as a tough autocrat , and it seemed to me that 's what we are seeing here . But we got to see another face of Putin , too : The stony-faced solemn friend of Poland . There seemed little doubting his grief and seriousness as he stood at the foot of the Polish president 's casket during the long sombre repatriation ceremony we witnessed that afternoon . Having stood among the wreckage and broken trees as he has , it is not hard to imagine that this iron man of Russian politics was moved by what he saw . For who among us , however familiar with tragedy , could fail to be touched by the scale and nature of Poland 's loss .	CNN 's Nic Robertson writes from scene of air crash in Russia Difficult to think of the horror of passengers ' last moments Broken trees suggest airplane hit them and disintegrated Russia 's Vladimir Putin is solemn at fallen leader 's casket
New York  CNN  -- One of four victims injured nearly three decades ago by Bernhard Goetz , a man New Yorkers once dubbed "  the subway vigilante , " has been found dead , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . James Ramseur , 45 , was found Thursday , exactly 27 years to the day after a controversial subway shooting catapulted him and the others into the national spotlight , highlighting strained race relations and fears of widespread crime in New York City during the 1980s . Ramseur was found unconscious in a Bronx motel room by motel staff members . The cause of his death was not immediately clear . Since that infamous 1984 shooting , Ramseur had a largely troubled life , having been convicted on rape and robbery charges . He was sentenced in 1986 for those crimes , and served 25 years behind bars , according to the state 's Department of Corrections and Community Supervision website . "  It 's always sad when someone takes their own life , " said former New York Mayor Ed Koch , who was in office at the time of the shooting . Koch 's comment was an apparent reference to media reports that say Ramseur died of a drug overdose . CNN can not independently confirm that account . Goetz shot Ramseur and three other African-American teenagers on December 22,1984 , aboard a Manhattan subway car . The four victims said they were panhandling for money to play video games and had asked Goetz for $ 5 . Goetz , a white man , testified that he felt threatened and thought he was being robbed , and he fired several rounds into the youths . A jury acquitted Goetz of murder and assault charges in the shooting , but convicted him of illegal possession of a weapon . He served just over eight months behind bars . Lawsuits filed against Goetz were initially dismissed . But in 1996 , a jury awarded Darrell Cabey -- who was paralyzed in the shooting -- $ 43 million for his injuries . A judge later ruled that Goetz , who had filed for bankruptcy , was still liable to pay the sum . The shooting garnered national attention and came during a period of high crime in New York , said Mitchell Moss , professor of urban policy and planning at New York University . The city 's crime levels peaked in 1990 , noted Moss , when more than 2,200 homicides were reported across the five boroughs . As of Thursday , police reported that the city 's 2011 numbers tallied less than 500 . "  We really had a city out of control " during the 1980s , Moss told CNN . "  New Yorkers were living in an environment in which they had really become accustomed to a high level of crime , some of this due to the crack cocaine epidemic , the economy and the shrinking of the police department . " Some observers view the Goetz shooting as a low point in relations between blacks and whites in New York .	James Ramseur , 45 , is found dead in a New York CIty motel room Ramseur was one of four victims injured nearly three decades ago by Bernhard Goetz Goetz was a man New Yorkers once dubbed "  the subway vigilante "
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  Reuters  -- His name is "  Average " and the story of his desperate flight from the wreckage of President Robert Mugabe 's Zimbabwe is an increasingly common one . Math teacher Mawise Gumba fled Zimbabwe and found his qualifications mean little as a refugee . The tall 34-year-old , slouching exhausted in a Johannesburg church that has become a de facto transit camp , is one man in a tide of migrants washing up in South Africa . "  There is nothing for me there in our country any more . I had no job and I could not afford anything . Even when I was working life was tough , " he said . "  It 's hard for everyone ... I thought it was better for me here , " said the former store clerk , whose dusty jeans and boots tell of a long and difficult journey . The tale told by Average -- whose name is not unusual in Zimbabwe -- is depressingly familiar to a people who have watched their once prosperous land spiral into economic disaster . When Mugabe 's government , facing inflation of close to 5,000 percent , ordered companies to halve prices of basic goods and services a month ago -- effectively demanding that they operate at a loss -- Average lost his job as the supermarket chain he worked for cut staff . Facing the prospect of homelessness and hunger in his own country , he joined the estimated 4,000 Zimbabweans who head south to South Africa , most of them illegally , every day . Mugabe , 83 and in power since the country 's independence from Britain in 1980 , has been accused of running Zimbabwe 's economy into the ground while implementing a draconian crackdown aimed at keeping power . His decision to launch violent seizures of white-owned farms seven years ago is partly blamed for soaring unemployment and the highest inflation rate in the world . Average scraped together his last salary , some money he made from trading sugar bought at a discount from the supermarket where he worked , and funds borrowed from friends to secure a visitor 's visa and bus ticket to Johannesburg . A friend who promised to meet him on arrival failed to show up , leaving him stranded without a place to sleep . On Wednesday evening he walked into the Central Methodist Church in downtown Johannesburg and joined a long queue of people waiting for shelter and food . The church 's homeless shelter has become a virtual refugee camp for 800-900 Zimbabweans and a smaller number of migrants from other countries . "  Over the past three years , and more so over the past couple of months , I have noted an exponential increase in the number of people we have from Zimbabwe , " Bishop Paul Verryn said . Outside his office the line of people waiting for help grew . Many of the new arrivals were asleep in their seats . "  We offer them a place off the streets , where they are protected and have warmth from the inclement streets of Johannesburg , " Verryn said . At sunset the refugees crowd into the building and lay out reeking blankets . "  People just sleep anywhere they can find a space to sleep . Some people sleep on the steps here , in the corridors and others in the foyer and in the meeting rooms , " said 27-year-old Walter Rusike from Harare . The commerce graduate and his wife and two children share a meeting room with other families and have been at the shelter for four months . Average said he hoped to get accommodation for a few days until he finds his friend , work or both . "  I have a diploma in stores management and store control , a certificate in security and a driver 's licence . I think maybe I will be able to find some work with my qualifications . Anything will be better than the situation I was in , " he says . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	His name is "  Average , " he fled wreckage of President Mugabe 's Zimbabwe One of the 4,000 who flee hunger , homelessness into South Africa a day Once-prosperous nation now an economic disaster with 5,000 percent inflation
In its effort to curb game addiction among adolescents , South Korea pulled the plug this weekend on young gamers after midnight by blocking access to game websites , putting a hotly debated law into practice . The new system called the "  shutdown law , " also referred to as the "  Cinderella law , " blocks those under the age of 16 from accessing gaming websites after midnight and has fueled heated anger among younger gamers and avid game fans . The new rule does not affect mobile games or certain games used on social networking websites . As South Korea , which has one of the richest online gaming cultures in the world , tries to battle gaming addiction that has led to serious consequences , it struggles to find effective means to selectively help those in need . Roughly 8 % of the population between the ages of 9 to 39 suffers from Internet addiction , according to a study conducted in 2010 by the National Information Society Agency  NIA  , which runs a national Internet addiction counseling center . The addiction rate for those between 9 and 12 was highest at 14 % , according to the NIA . The government is heavily involved in treating people for gaming addiction by holding workshops on prevention education at schools and offering counseling for students with an addiction . However , internet users have flooded the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family , which initiated the policy , website with postings calling the new measure "  a waste of money , " "  idiotic " and "  useless , " and questioning whether it will prevent young gamers from playing into late hours . "  Do you really think that teenagers are going to give up on gaming and study ? " one posting from the website read . "  Have you even thought about what the result of this going to be before deciding to crackdown on it ? " Some called on the government to shut down the ministry , while others said parents should have the autonomy to decide how long their children can play games . South Korea 's advanced gaming culture revolves around high-speed Internet cafes where gamers can sit around the clock playing games , glitzy tournaments hosted by big brand companies and professional gamers that have celebrity status with huge fan bases . Game companies have been actively preparing for the shutdown , easing in the new regulation days before the official mandatory start date . Critics point out that many teenagers hold gaming accounts created with their parent 's personal information , easily providing them with an alternative log-in option . The controversial shutdown system already faces a petition in the constitutional courts . "  You can say someone is an alcoholic if they drink more than three bottles  of liquor  a day , but you ca n't call them alcoholic because they drink after midnight . It 's the same with gaming , " Lee Byung-chan , the lawyer who filed the petition on behalf of parents and a young gamer said . The argument is that the measure violates the right to happiness and discriminates gaming against other leisure activities such as watching movies or television . "  From the parents ' point of view , it violates their right to educate their children , " Lee added . It is for the parents to decide what time they want to allow their children to play games or not , not for the government to exclude them from that process , the argument goes .	The "  Cinderella law " blocks under-16 gamers from accessing sites after midnight A 2010 survey found nearly 14 % of 9-to-12-year-olds in South Korea are Internet addicts A court challenge is in the works One argument is that the ban discriminates , does n't cover activities such as watching TV or movies
New Delhi  CNN  -- India is in the fast lane . The trillion-plus-dollar economy , Asia 's largest after Japan and China , is set to host the world 's fastest sport this weekend . The subcontinent 's inaugural Grand Prix comes barely a year after India earned international scorn for all the chaos and corruption allegations that plagued the 2010 Commonwealth Games staged in New Delhi . That event was marred by a host of problems including athletes ' alarm over the shoddy construction and condition of their quarters , while a pedestrian bridge leading to the main Jawarhalal Nehru Stadium collapsed two days before the competitors were due to arrive . In April this year , India 's federal police arrested the Games ' chief organizer , Suresh Kalmadi , for suspected corruption . Kalmadi , who was involved in bringing F1 to India through his former role at the Indian Olympic Association , was jailed for allegedly buying a time , scoring and result system from a Swiss company at inflated costs . He was also suspended by the political party with which he was an MP . But promoters of India 's first F1 race hope their $ 400 million project will repair the damage done to the country 's reputation . "  The world 's perception of India is going to change after the Grand Prix and people will forget what happened because of the Commonwealth Games , " said Jaiprakash Gaur , founding chairman of Jaypee Group that built the Buddh International Circuit . A few weeks ago , a fleet of Mercedes-Benz cars whizzed media crews around the 5.125-kilometer circuit , giving them a glimpse of what Indian businesses lauded as a stirring example of their competence . "  Corporate India is completely capable , and they are capable of executing projects of world class , which has been demonstrated by the F1 track , which looks certainly as one of the best in the world , " said Ajay Sharma , a senior director with the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India . "  This is great news for the country because the investors are also now excited that this is the country where , you know , all the happening things are happening , " he told CNN . Sharma 's lobby group predicts that investments in the motorsport infrastructure could potentially fuel overall economic prosperity by some $ 10 billion over the next decade . It says the arrival of global sporting bodies -- themselves seeking a foothold in emerging markets -- is an ideal opportunity for international brand-building by Indian businesses . However , not everyone is as excited about the event when so many Indians live in abject poverty . "  The contrast between the rich and the poor is very large in India , " said Arun Kumar , a professor at the Center of Economic Studies and Planning at New Delhi 's Jawaharlal Nehru University . "  Here , about 40 % of our people live in extreme poverty without even basic facilities . In a sense , it sounds very cruel that the nation is spending a large amount of its wealth on such sports . " The track complex , complete with stands and team enclosures painted in the colors of India 's flag , was built by private developers on land acquired from farmers , who later alleged they were short-changed for their properties . Last week , the country 's Supreme Court froze 25 % of ticket revenue after a litigant challenged government tax waivers on the race . Critics are questioning the taste of putting up such high-octane shows in a country where a quarter of its billion-plus people still lives on less than a dollar a day . With organizers struggling to sell out the event , ticket prices for Sunday 's race have already been slashed . The most expensive has dropped from $ 715 to about $ 300 , and the cheapest from about $ 120 to $ 60 . But even the lowest amount is equivalent to the monthly wages of tens of thousands of Indians . "  What do we consider to be a nation ? A nation means having a concern for all citizens . In this day and age when advertising has become so large , expectations have risen and these lavish displays only increase discontent , " Kumar said . "  And the ruling elite in the country is backing such displays , which shows it 's becoming more callous . " In cricket-crazy India , some also accept that motorsport , though exciting , is too new to them . "  I do n't think we Indians are much into Formula racing , " admits Jai Sethi , a New Delhi resident . "  And I guess how the race is being done , who wins it , what the rules are and who the teams are have to be known to the Indian public . I 'm talking of the masses , not just the elite . "	India hosts a Formula One race for the first time this weekend , near Delhi Organizers hoping to overcome the legacy of the 2010 Commonwealth Games Venue was built on land bought from farmers , who have been unhappy with deal Ticket prices for Sunday 's race have been slashed to attract more local supporters
ISIS , as the Islamic State jihadists in Iraq and Syria are known , has become the new face of international terrorism in the eyes of the United States and its Western allies . Now the focus in America and abroad has become what will President Barack Obama and other leaders do about it ? Here are key questions on the matter : 1  Who killed James Foley ? Britain 's ambassador to the United States , Peter Westmacott , told CNN on Sunday that British officials were close to identifying the ISIS militant who beheaded Foley , an American journalist captured in Syria in 2012 . He could n't elaborate on the identity of the killer , who is seen decapitating Foley in a video posted last week on YouTube . "  We 're putting a great deal into the search , " he said , referring to the use of sophisticated technology to analyze the man 's voice . In the video , Foley , 40 , is seen kneeling next to a man dressed in black , who speaks with what experts say is a distinctly English accent . Linguists said that based on his voice , the man sounds to be younger than 30 . He also appears to have been educated in England from a young age and to be from southern England or London . Britain close to identifying James Foley 's killer , ambassador says 2  Will the United States expand air strikes to ISIS targets in Syria ? Pressure is increasing on Obama to go after ISIS in both Iraq and Syria , ignoring an essentially non-existent border between them . Last week , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said that taking on ISIS in Syria was the only way to defeat the Sunni jihadists . For Obama , the step would reverse his refusal for three years to get involved militarily in Syria despite pressure from his own advisers , including former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Obama "  has not made any decision to order military action in Syria , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday , but the speculation and insistence continued . "  The White House is trying to minimize the threat we face in order to justify not changing a failed strategy , " conservative GOP Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said Monday . CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said it will be difficult to defeat ISIS without ground forces , something Obama clearly opposes . Intervening in Syria also could result in some strange geopolitical bedfellows , he noted . "  Two of the most effective fighting forces in Syria are al Qaeda or al Qaeda splinter groups , or groups like Hezbollah , backed by Iran , " Bergen said . "  So if you intervene , you may be helping Iran and Hezbollah and  Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's  regime . " Obama already sent military advisers to Iraq and launched air strikes to protect them and minority groups from ISIS fighters rampaging through the country 's north . Is Obama heading toward airstrikes in Syria ? A White House spokesman said last week that Obama would consult with Congress before taking such a step in Syria . The President also would seek to forge a coalition including regional allies as well as U.N. and European Union support , officials have made clear . Republicans urge airstrikes in Syria to defeat ISIS 3  Will the Syrian regime that Obama opposes help fight ISIS ? Obama wants al-Assad out of power , but now the Syrian leader engaged in a civil war against a U.S.-backed opposition is offering to help him take on ISIS . Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said Monday his government would accept support from the United States and others working under the U.N. umbrella to fight "  terrorists " -- a code word for the group that calls itself the Islamic State and seeks to establish a caliphate across a Sunni-dominated swath of the the Middle East . Moallem , however , warned against any unilateral action or strikes in Syrian territory without its permission , saying "  any effort to fight terrorism should be done in coordination " with the "  Syrian government . " Last week , Atlantic Council senior fellow and Syria expert Frederic Hof said a U.S. rescue mission for Foley earlier this year that went into Syria but failed to find him established the precedent for military action across the Iraq border , superseding any legal considerations such as being asked by the host government to enter . "  The sort of legal barrier that prohibited doing something inside Syria now seems to have evaporated , " Hof said . The Syrian offer to help fight ISIS comes after al-Assad 's government enabled the group to expand amid the Syrian civil war . ISIS fighters have attacked the Syrian opposition fighting government forces , but also have seized some government territory . Al-Assad 's military recently launched its own air strikes on ISIS positions , amounting to what Hof described as a dispute between crime gangs over money -- in this case , from oil fields occupied by ISIS . Syria ready to cooperate with UN to fight terror 4  Will ISIS attack the West ? To some in the United States , especially critics of Obama , an ISIS attack on U.S. interests and even the homeland is a question of when , not if . "  ISIS is a very powerful local organization , and probably a reasonably powerful regional terrorist organization , " former CIA chief Michael Hayden told CNN on Sunday . "  But it 's one that has global ambitions -- and it has the tools . " There 's no clear consensus inside the intelligence community as to whether ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , is currently capable of striking the West . "  It 's expressed the intent , " Hayden said . "  There 's no more powerful way to express their street credentials among the jihadist community than a successful attack against the West . " Graham , a consistent advocate for increased U.S. military might , told CNN on Sunday that "  it 's about time now to assume the worst about these guys , rather than to be underestimating them . " ISIS threat to the West 5  Can the ISIS money flow be stopped ? Bank robbery , kidnapping , smuggling , selling oil on the black market -- ISIS gets money to fund and expand its organization in all kinds of ways . Officials say the group can get about $ 3 million a day by selling discounted oil from fields it has seized in Iraq . It also has grabbed millions robbing banks including an Iraqi central bank in Mosul . Western allies can reduce the group 's income by refusing to pay ransom for abducted citizens and pressuring regional governments to crack down on wealthy citizens sending money to it . The United States is working with governments in the region , including Kuwait , Qatar and Saudi Arabia , to stop such private donations , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said last week . ISIS oil money	White House : President Obama has not decided on air strikes in Syria Possible options include air strikes on ISIS targets in Syria Some consider the group a direct threat to U.S. security Obama spent three years avoiding a U.S. military role in Syria
CNN  -- The wait is over for Ho Chi Minh City residents and travelers in need of a Chicken McNugget fix . Vietnam 's first McDonald 's restaurant officially opened for business this weekend . Located in District 1 of Ho Chi Minh City  HCMC  , Vietnam 's commercial center , the McDonald 's branch has a 24-hour drive-through service and will feature the usual menu classics , plus some items to cater to local tastes  McPork , anyone ?  , according to Vietnamese media . The chain joins other Western fast food chains already present in the country such as Subway , Burger King and KFC , catering to an increasingly brand conscious local middle class . Menu items at the McDonald 's are priced at an average VND40,000-VND60 ,000  $ 1.90-2 .84  . With the addition of Vietnam , McDonald 's now operates in 119 countries . Last year , McDonald 's announced that Nguyen Bao Hoang -- or Henry Nguyen as he 's known in the West -- would be the developmental licensee for Vietnam to build the brand . A businessman and son-in-law of Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dun , Nguyen has experience in the trenches of the famed fast food chain . "  I have been a big fan of McDonald 's my whole life and have had so many wonderful experiences there , including one of my first jobs when I was a teenager , " Nguyen said in a statement released by McDonald 's announcing the deal . "  I have dreamed of one day opening a McDonald 's restaurant in my native country ever since my return to Vietnam more than a decade ago . " Second branch to come Although Nguyen has not unveiled detailed expansion plans , a second branch is soon to follow in HCMC  referred to as "  Saigon " until 1975  , reports Voice of Vietnam . Global reaction to the opening is predictable , with media skeptical over whether Vietnamese will be keen to replace culinary classics like pho and banh mi with Big Macs and Fillet-O-Fish . Though many on social media have lamented the introduction to Vietnam of a brand that many in the West equate with unhealthy lifestyles , the country already has its fair share of fast food chains . These include Burger King , Subway , Domino 's Pizza , Starbucks , Dairy Queen and KFC .	Vietnam 's first McDonald 's restaurant opened in Ho Chi Minh City on February 8 Restaurant opened by business man Nguyen Bao Hoang , who once worked in a U.S. McDonald 's Vietnam already home to American fast food chains like Subway , Burger King , KFC
Mental Floss  -- All a summer camp used to need to keep kids entertained throughout the warmer months was a good ball field and a place to go swimming . Now , though , campers can while away their summer days doing all sorts of specialized camping . Let 's take a look at some camps that appeal to kids with very specific interests . 1 . Wizards and Warriors Camp Finally , there 's a solution for kids who do n't want to leave their role-playing games for a week at camp : a camp that is one big RPG . At Charlton , Massachusetts ' Wizards and Warriors Camp , campers create their own characters and then spend their days fighting together against villains and searching for treasure . The camp sounds like it integrates educational elements into the fun -- a potions-making class provides real-world lessons on chemistry -- all while giving children a valuable opportunity to mingle with trolls . Mental Floss : 5 alternative World Cup tournaments 2 . Nudist Camp Since the early 1990s , the American Association for Nude Recreation has offered summer Youth Leadership Camps at various resorts around the country in order to let young people ages 11 to 18 enjoy some nude summer camp fun . While the notion of a camp full of naked teenagers may strike non-nudists as a bit strange  or completely appalling  , a 2003 New York Times profile detailed how the camps were perfectly legal because the nudity was n't of a lewd nature .  The camps go to great lengths to desexualize the nudity in an effort to combat the teens ' surging hormones . The result : camps where teens go to enjoy mundane activities like sports and arts and crafts , all while in the buff . The clothes-free policy certainly must make packing for camp easier . 3 . Hollywood Stunt Camp California 's Pali Overnight Adventures offers a number of camps for the show-biz hopeful , but their Hollywood Stunt Camp sounds like it would be particularly fun . Campers spend either one of two weeks working with real Hollywood stuntmen on topics like taking a high fall , simulating hand-to-hand combat , and sword fighting .  Seems like a good idea . Kids are inevitably going to sword fight , so you might as well make it safe . The two-week program even culminates with campers taking a 32-foot fall and directing and choreographing their own stunt spectacular . If heights and fights are n't your thing , Pali also offers a Movie Makeup Academy where campers work with Hollywood makeup artists to replicate favorite movie characters and even turn themselves into gory ghouls . Mental Floss : 7 stolen movie props 4 . Camp XChange Drexel University 's LeBow College of Business offers an unusual opportunity for rising high school juniors and seniors to get some experience in the fast-paced world of securities trading . The weeklong Camp XChange lets students act as traders in the school 's electronic trading lab and learn the intricacies of the New York Stock Exchange , NASDAQ , and other trading floors around the world . 5 . Archaeology Camp Do your kids want to become the next Indiana Jones ? Send them to archaeology camp at Colorado 's Crow Canyon Archaeological Center . The center 's three-week Archaeology Field School gives high school students the opportunity to excavate dig sites alongside the pros and help analyze what they find . Campers also get the opportunity to try their hand at many of tasks of the Pueblo Indians they 're studying , including starting a fire by hand . Mental Floss : Are tomatoes fruits or vegetables ? 6 . Firefighting Camp Think your kid might want to be a firefighter ? Here 's a great way to find out . Junior firefighting camps are available around the country for kids of all ages who want to learn the ins and outs of fighting and preventing fires . Some , like New Hampshire 's Camp Fully Involved , are even more extremely specialized ; Camp Fully Involved teaches young women ages 14 to 20 about topics like ventilation , dumpster fires , and forcible entry . Mental Floss : Battlestar Galactica Day at the United Nations 7 . Young Business Camps Young Americans Center for Financial Education in Colorado offers a variety of day camp for the  very  young aspiring businessman . The center 's offerings include "  Running Your Own Biz , " a camp for third or fourth graders who are interested in starting their own businesses , and "  Be Your Own Boss , " which gives fifth and sixth graders the skinny on running their own businesses . Something 's telling us that Colorado 's lemonade stands are run more efficiently than those in surrounding states thanks to these camps . 8 . Spy Camp What kid does n't want to be a secret agent ? Camp Lohikan in Pennsylvania 's Pocono Mountains fills this niche by offering Spy Camp . Aspiring James Bonds learn evasive driving maneuvers for ATVs , martial arts , undercover tactics , and code breaking skills . At the end of the term , campers test their spying acumen by participating in a recon and rescue mission . 9 . Magic Camp The Wizard 's Workshop bills itself as the best magic camp in Maine , and since we 'd rather not be sawed in half , we wo n't challenge them . Professional magicians Phil Smith and Bernard Blais use their day camp to teach kids showmanship , misdirection , and the other tricks of the magic trade . At this camp , every arts and crafts section yields something useful ; campers build their own props and then use them in a final show to cap off the week . Mental Floss : Amazing found photos of life during wartime 10 . Civil Savvy Camp If your main beef with summer camp was that it was just too much fun , the Charleston School of Protocol and Etiquette 's Civil Savvy Camp for Children will be right up your alley . Who needs kickball or arts and crafts when you can take part in a weeklong day camp with sessions with titles like , "  Handshaking , " "  Giving and Receiving Compliments , " "  Posture , " and "  Poise " ? The goal of the camp is to "  help children become more self-confident and courteous . " This year 's camp ended on July 2 , but kids , it 's not too early to start pestering your parents to sign you up for next year ! Mental Floss : A brief history of wiffle ball	Even kids summer camps are getting more specialized Hollywood Stunt Camp , Magic Camp or Wizards and Warriors camp for imaginary times Learn skills at Archaeology Camp or Young Business Camp or Spy Camp Send kids to Civil Savvy Camp for manners before sending to Nudist Camp
Tokyo  CNN  -- In her cramped downtown office where wedding dress displays fight for space with file cabinets , Miyuki Uekusa has been busy answering the phone for the past month . "  Before the quake , many of our members were just thinking about marriage vaguely , " said the professional matchmaker , whose agency Marry Me has sent 30 couples to the altar since it launched two years ago . "  After experiencing the tremors and repeatedly seeing the tragic images on TV , they felt the fear of being alone and wanted to find a partner in life . " As existing members turn more serious about going on dates , Uekusa says phone inquiries about joining her club have gone up 30 % since the 9.0-magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami struck northeastern Japan on March 11 , killing more than 14,000 people . On this Wednesday afternoon , a 49-year-old makeup artist -- who wants to be known simply as Yoko -- showed up at the Marry Me office to sign up as a new member . Despite the hefty price tag of a $ 1,200 sign-up fee and a $ 120 monthly charge , Yoko says the natural disasters and the subsequent nuclear crisis have jolted her into adjusting priorities in life . "  I need to act now , before another massive disaster strikes , " she said . Experts are not surprised by the seemingly sudden change of heart on marriage , especially among women . "  In Japan , women take the initiative to get married -- and the trend for them had been to focus on their career and enjoy single life , " explained Ritsuko Matsui , a prominent psychiatrist who counseled survivors of Japan 's last devastating quake around Kobe in 1995 , which left more than 6,000 people dead . "  Seeing heartwarming scenes of couples and families staying together in the face of recent tragedies has made many single women realize the importance of relationships . " This new appreciation has turned the wedding industry into an unlikely bright spot in the gloomy Japanese economy , as other sectors ranging from manufacturing to tourism struggle to recover . Jewelers -- big and small -- have reported strong sales of engagement and wedding rings , in sharp contrast to slumping demand for other luxury items . Koji Fujimoto owns Concept Jewelry Works , a Tokyo boutique that specializes in custom jewelry . He has seen a 20 % jump in ring buyers since the disasters . "  After the quake , couples want to create something that commemorates their relationship and that they can hold forever , " he said . At the Aldobrandini bridal shop a few blocks away , Maki Maruta echoes such sentiment . Trying on her Italian-made silk wedding gown for the first time , the bride says she will walk down the aisle on May 28 with a new sense of purpose . "  The disasters reminded me the importance of family , " Maruta said . "  It 's so important to have someone who is precious to you . "	Marriage industry is rare bright spot in Japan 30 % more people call matchmaker after disasters Importance of family highlighted , woman says
CNN  -- It was two hours before Friday 's concert , and already fans of Jason Aldean were tailgating in the gravel parking lot . Not surprising since Aldean 's "  My Kinda Party " tour has sold out in venues across the country , often in under a couple of hours . Last week , the singer 's latest single , "  Fly Over States , " hit the top of the charts , marking his ninth No. 1 overall and his fifth consecutive No. 1 from the "  My Kinda Party " album . Aldean 's sound is a little bit country and a little bit rock 'n' roll . Introspective songs such as "  Amarillo Sky " and "  Do n't You Wan na Stay " have earned him big sales numbers , but concert fans clamor for his more upbeat numbers such as "  She 's Country . " He 's also not afraid to step outside his comfort zone -- "  Dirt Road Anthem " was a collaboration with Ludacris that had Aldean rapping about jumping barbed wire and lighting bonfires . Still , it surprised more than few people in the audience Friday when Ludacris appeared onstage with Aldean during the encore to perform the hit song . While tour buddy Luke Bryan has an infectious eagerness on stage , Aldean rarely breaks his brooding stare . That does n't change backstage as his tour manager brings him in . He 's friendly , but no overly so . I get the impression that manners are as ingrained in this Georgia homeboy as deep as his music . The following interview has been edited for brevity and clarity : CNN : This show in Atlanta sold out in minutes , so you had to add a second night . What does that tell you about your fans ? Jason Aldean : Obviously that 's a good sign . We 've always made it a point to let fans know that when you come out to our shows , it 's going to be fun . You 're going to have a good time , and we encourage that -- probably a lot more than other people do .  laughs  But that 's what you want . You know , people come to a show to kind of forget about whatever crappy week they had at work or school or whatever it was , and it 's our job to make sure that that 's what happens . CNN : What 's the best thing about touring with Luke Bryan ? Aldean : The best thing about touring with Luke is just the fact that he and I are legitimately friends away from the music business . I think that , unlike a lot of other artists in the business , you know , he and I actually pull for each other . We want to see each other succeed and do well . There 's not a competition sort of thing there at all . He 's one of my best friends . So obviously when he 's out on stage and he 's doing his thing and you see people going crazy , that 's cool . It makes you feel good . And I think he 's the same way . And like I said , I legitimately like hanging out with the guy . He 's a lot of fun . We come from the same part of the country , we grew up about two hours apart from each other . So even though we did n't know each other until five or six years ago , we have a lot in common . CNN : Atlanta country radio has been touting Georgia as the new capital of country music thanks to artists like you , Jennifer Nettles , the Zac Brown Band and Lady Antebellum . Do you think Nashville can really be ousted ? Aldean : I do n't know if Nashville will ever be ousted as the Music City . But I also think that here , over the last few years , Georgia has definitely kind of risen to the top as far as the crop of young artists coming out of this area that are kind of making waves , you know ? I think for long time it was artists from Texas , then it was artists from Oklahoma . Now it just seems like Georgia is kind of a hotbed for that kind of thing . And it 's cool to be part of that fraternity a little bit . CNN : You 're elected president of the United States . What 's the first thing you do ? Aldean : Well , first of all , I would n't want to be president . But if I was , the first thing I 'd probably do is uh ... hm . Let me think about this for a second . I 'd probably do away with , try my best to do away with taxes  laughs  . But I know every politician says they 're going to do that , and they 're all liars . But I would actually really try to do that . That would be beneficial to everybody . Or at least give a flat tax across the board -- everybody pays , you know whatever , 20 % . CNN : Have to say I 'm a bit disappointed -- I was hoping for a big country party . Aldean : Oh , I 'd definitely turn the White House into a Redneck Riviera , for sure ! There 'd be deer heads hanging off the wall , in the Oval Office . It 'd be cool . CNN : What do you always bring with you on tour ? Aldean : I always bring my bow and arrow . I love to hunt so it 's always under the bus . I like to just get out there in the day and just shoot , backstage somewhere , and just practice doing that . Never know when I might luck up and get an invite to go hunting somewhere too ... so I like to prepare for that . So I usually bring that and my golf clubs . CNN : Do you have a good golf score ? Aldean : My golf score is really bad . I do n't know . I 'm definitely not a good golfer . Off the tee box , I can drive it about 275 , and I 'm in the fairway about 99 % of the time . It 's my next shot that needs work . CNN : If you had to survive on one meal for the rest of your life what would it be ? Aldean : You know what , I 'm a steak and potatoes guy . So it would be a thick filet , baked potato and maybe like something else really bad for you , like fried okra . I love fried okra . The fact that it 's okra makes me feel like it 's good for you -- I forget the fact that it 's fried . CNN : It seems everybody these days -- singers , actors , etc. -- has a clothing line , a perfume , a jewelry brand . What are you doing to expand your empire ? Aldean : We did a deal with Wrangler where we 're kind of the face of their Wrangler retro line of clothing -- jeans , shirts . I got a hat deal with Resistol , where I have my own line of cowboy hats . Luke and I both actually are part owners in a company called Buck Commander , which is a hunting -- it 's a show but we also have hunting products , clothes , that kind of stuff . CNN : And do feel that 's important for you to do , or is it just something to do with your money ? Aldean : I think it 's important to do things that you 're interested in . I think it 's important to have other outlets away from the music industry . You know , for me that 's what the hunting side of it is , just kind of a way for me to somewhat get away from the music side of it and have another outlet to kind of decompress . ... Things like that for me are kind of for sanity reasons I think more than anything else . And you know the other thing , with the clothes and that kind of thing -- I think when you wear the brand anyway , why not go out and try to promote it and make it as cool as you can ? The fact that I can continue to do what I 've always done and kind of become the face of that brand is to me , kind of just makes sense . It does n't make sense not to do it I guess . CNN : What 's left on your dream list ? Aldean : There 's still a lot of things I 'd like to accomplish . There 's still a lot of artists I 'd like to work with . We 're in talks right now of like possibly doing a movie so we 're kind of dabbling in on the acting part of it . You know , I think a lot of times you just kind of wait and see what opportunities present themselves . My main focus was to be successful in the music business , which has always been my main focus , and I never really want to get away from that . But at the same time , I think it 's cool to branch out and do some other things and see if it 's something that you like . One day the music business , the music side of it goes away -- to have some other things that you 've kind of dabbled in that you like ... you can kind of maybe travel down that route for awhile . CNN : You 're new album comes out in October . What should listeners expect to hear that 's different ? Aldean : When it comes to albums , I think it 's important to never get away completely from what got you to this point , and obviously , what 's worked for you . That said you do n't want to go out and continue to make the same albums over and over -- that 's going to be kind of boring too . So you know for me it was about going in and finding the best songs we could find and trying to put together a record that I felt like was you know , just as good if not better than the previous record . I think "  My Kinda Party , " that album , was so successful , it 's going to be really hard to compare any album to that one . Now -LSB- I 'm -RSB- not saying that I do n't hope this next record does n't come out and blow the doors off of that one , but you ca n't really expect that . You 've just kind of got to go in and make what you feel like is a great record and put it out there and hope people dig it .	Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan travel to Atlanta on "  My Kinda Party " tour The pair of country singers are friends outside the music business , Aldean says He 's also stepping out his comfort zone , collaborating with Ludacris Hunting , golfing and a couple of clothing lines keep Aldean busy
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When North Korea conducts an underground nuclear test , a vast array of global sensors will detect the detonation almost immediately . But key questions about the size of the explosion , the number of bombs tested , or whether plutonium or uranium was used , may never be answered conclusively , analysts say . North Korea appears to have conducted an underground nuclear bomb test Tuesday , as the U.S. Geological Survey reported a seismic disturbance centered near the site of the secretive regime 's two previous nuclear tests . The area around the reported epicenter of the magnitude 4.9 disturbance has little or no history of earthquakes or natural seismic hazards , according to U.S. Geological Survey maps . Despite international condemnation , North Korea has said it would conduct its third underground nuclear test . A third nuclear test could enable North Korea the technical data needed to miniaturize a warhead , according to a recent paper in the "  Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists . " Coming on the heels of December 's successful launch of a satellite , the threat of an atomic test has raised concerns . Pyongyang 's efforts seemed hapless when a rocket launch failed earlier in 2012 . But its spotty record changed in early December when North Korea launched the long-range Unha-3 rocket carrying a satellite , showing the world it had the technology to launch a long-range missile -- with analysts suggesting parts of the United States , Pyongyang 's stated arch rival , were now within range . Following the U.N. condemnation of the launch in January , Pyongyang says it plans a new nuclear test and further long-range rocket launches . "  An additional nuclear test or two would greatly increase the likelihood that Pyongyang could fashion warheads to fit at least some of its missiles -- a circumstance that would vastly increase the threat its nuclear program poses to the security of Northeast Asia , " wrote analyst Frank Pabian and Siegfried Hecker , a Stanford University professor who visited North Korean nuclear sites in 2010 . How does an underground test work ? Satellite photos showed the preparation of a third tunnel in Punggye-ri area , located 232 kilometers northeast of Pyongyang near the Sea of Japan , where the two previous tests were located . Work appeared to begin in 2009 and now is largely completed . Analysts estimate the new tunnel is one kilometer long and 380 meters deep . Tests are typically conducted in vertical shafts , according to the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty  CTBTO  . Holes are cut 1 to 3 meters wide and up to a kilometer deep . The atomic devices are assembled on site and placed in the hole , usually accompanied by lead-protected diagnostic canister that contains sensors to record the explosion . The tunnel is then filled with layers of pea gravel , sand and other materials to prevent radioactive material from being released into the atmosphere . During a test , the explosion energy is released in less than a millionth of a second , according to CTBTO . The temperature will reach about a million degrees within a few microseconds , and shockwaves from the blast , depending on the size , can be detected by seismographs around the planet . Is underground testing dangerous ? Of the more than 2,000 nuclear detonations since 1945 , 75 % of the explosions have been tests conducted underground , largely by the major nuclear powers of the United States , the former Soviet Union  now Russia  , Britain , France and China , according to the CTBTO . Underground testing is much safer than above-ground testing . "  With underground testing , you can contain the radiation , " said Annika Thunborg , CTBTO spokesperson . Still , nuclear particles can be accidentally released into the atmosphere . North Korea 's first nuclear test in 2006 leaked radiation into the air which was picked up at a CTBTO monitoring station in Yellowknife , Canada -- more than 4,500 miles away . There is always a danger of radiation seeping , hence the total test ban treaty , Thunborg said . "  The U.S. tried to control radiation release with its underground tests , but in 150 cases radiation was released into the atmosphere , " Thunborg said . But if Pyongyang plans to explode an even larger device , risks elevate as well . "  One of the risks Pyongyang takes in trying to demonstrate a test at a higher level is that they may produce fissures that allow radioactive seepage or possibly cause a major blowout from the tunnel , " Hecker wrote in Foreign Policy on February 4 . "  The U.S. testing program experienced such problems even after having conducted hundreds of tests . Unrecognized complex geological conditions apparently led to a blowout during the 1970 underground Baneberry nuclear test at the Nevada Test Site . The blowout released a radioactive cloud nearly 10,000 feet high . " Such a blowout would also release a lot more data on the test to outside observers , but "  spewing a radioactive cloud over the skies of Northeast Asia would create an enormous political storm from the nearby countries , " Hecker wrote . Why is underground testing controversial ? North Korea is the only country to have carried out atomic explosions on the planet since 1998 , when Pyongyang conducted underground nuclear tests in 2006 and 2009 . Before that , both India and Pakistan conducted underground tests in 1998 , according to CTBTO . The 1996 treaty , which has been signed by 183 nations , aims to ban all nuclear testing on the planet , whether in the atmosphere or underground . While the comprehensive test ban treaty has n't formally become law  it awaits ratification by China , Egypt , India , Iran Israel , North Korea , Pakistan and the U.S.  , only North Korea , India and Pakistan have broken the moratorium on nuclear testing , according to the CTBTO . Testing in the atmosphere and underwater was banned by the 1963 Partial Test Ban Treaty , after public concerns over radioactive fallout from tests . The U.S. , the Soviet Union and Britain signed the treaty , but nuclear powers France and China did not . France conducted its last above ground nuclear test in 1974 ; China in 1980 . To develop the technology for its atomic weapons program , North Korea needs to conduct tests to perfect the ability to miniaturize a nuclear weapon so that it can be mounted on a missile , delivered without mishap and hit its intended target . How will we know if North Korea carries out an underground test ? Once a nuclear device is exploded , seismographs around the world will detect the movement . "  Manmade explosions have a very different signature than natural events , " Thunborg said . "  Seismic technology is the core function of any monitoring system , and we are running the only international system that is dedicated to ensure that no nuclear explosion will go undetected in compliance with the comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty . " The CTBTO operates a global system of more than 300 monitors -- such as seismic , sonar or radiation sensors -- in 85 countries across the world . Even if no radiation escapes into the atmosphere , underground explosions leak noble gases into the atmosphere which CTBTO sensors can detect , Thunborg said .	A vast array of global sensors will detect any North Korea nuclear detonation almost immediately Key questions about the size of explosion and the number of bombs tested may never be known Underground tests are used to help Pyongyang perfect technology to deploy a working atom bomb Tests "  increase the likelihood that Pyongyang could fashion warheads to fit at least some of its missiles "
CHENNAI , India  CNN  -- At 68 , Christian Fabre , CEO of Fashions International , might be expected to be thinking about retiring . Christian Fabre , or Swami Pranavananda Brahmendra Avadutha , or just Swamiji for short But Fabre , or Swami Pranavananda Brahmendra Avadutha as he is also called , is a practicing Hindu monk as well as a businessman , and retirement does n't really enter his thoughts . "  I 'm having too much fun , " he says with a chuckle . Hardly a gnomic mysticist , Fabre comes across as a jolly old soul , and greets me wearing saffron robes , sandals and sporting the most stylish pair of rimless glasses ever worn by a monk of any denomination . As we chat in his light , open office on a sunny morning in Chennai , his BlackBerry beeps with new e-mails . Tools of the trade , or at least business , are allowed then ? "  How can a man who is supposed to be meditating in a cave do this , you may say . But there is no dichotomy between this and my spiritual beliefs , " he says . A MacBook on his desk and a picture of his guru on the wall , plus the company 's 25 percent growth last year , Fabre life seems to be in balance . However , he admits that reaching the place he 's in today , both spiritually and physically , "  was no pleasure cruise . " Instead of a backpack and a pocket full of marijuana , he arrived in Chennai in 1971 with a job in the textile-buying business , a wife and a young son . Three years later the job had gone , so too his wife , taking their son with her . Rather than return to France , he stayed , having been seduced by the richness of Indian culture , but struggled to find more work . He met his current business partner in Fashions International , A. Jayapalana , when embarking on an ill-fated and short-lived venture with a fashion designer . However his rag-trade to rags to saffron robes existence only developed when he was introduced to the guru of his yoga teacher . "  He 'd suffered from leprosy , but radiated happiness and energy . It dried my tears ; I had no right to cry over myself . I also wanted to know his secret , and after meeting regularly for six months , he told me I was right to become a swami . " As a child , Fabre had wanted to become a priest , something his communist railway-worker father completely rejected . "  Who knows how he would take it , but I 'm sure if I was telling him about my spirituality , he would agree . Communism and Hinduism go well together in some Indian states , although I 'm sure Karl Marx would wonder what it 's doing here , " he says . Depending on how much work he has to do , every month Fabre spends around a week at his ashram , where he has some disciples . It 's an eight-hour drive from Chennai and two miles from the nearest village , where he has more time and space -- and less clothing -- in which to further his spiritual practices . His personal life is more ascetic than his BlackBerry-bleeping office existence . He does however have satellite TV at home and the Internet at his hermitage , plus a personal driver , but one thing he always carries with him is a spiritual self-awareness . "  Everything is the ultimate . It is a very leveling spirituality , is it not ? " he says , the French accent slipping into an Indian lilt . "  I can be a businessman and a swami without losing that awareness . It 's within and it 's without . It 's the ultimate and the universal and beyond the universal . It makes you understand a lot in a split second , and you can see things from many angles . " Watch financial advice from Fabre " Business karma One thing he clearly understands is the fashion business . As an outsourcing supply company , Fabre 's company is indirectly responsible for employing around 80,000 people in 200 factories around Tamil Nadu , and his clients include labels such as Kenzo , Lee Cooper and Oxbow . Fabre himself is given a modest monthly salary of around $ 400  kept in a safe , bank accounts are n't allowed  , most of which goes on food , bill and petrol . His spirituality and belief in karma informs the way he lives as well as his business ethics , but do n't affect his business decisions . There would be no problem with dismissing a staff member if the need arose , he tells me . However being a swami , he ca n't sign contracts either with his staff or Fashions International 's clients , which he says has only caused a problem once . Much of that he owes to the open-minded people who work in fashion . "  They tell me I am well integrated , " he says with a laugh . "  They also feel that you are an honest person , although I do n't agree with that reasoning . You could be a monk and a bad one . " If there 's no contradiction between being a Hindu monk and running a successful company , there 's a certain irony about Fashions International 's new venture : their own line of clothing named after their CEO , whose wardrobe consists of four yellow pieces of cloth and is more taken to being naked . Not quite the emperor 's new clothes , Fabre business acumen tells him they 're getting in on selling their own range of clothing at the right time . "  Going into the domestic market is a wise choice . If the American market , or circus , I might call it , goes wrong , we 'll have something to fall back on . Also we are taking the brand to South Africa , which is also booming . " Openness and change Walking around his office , he appears more like a favorite teacher than a boss with his staff of young designers and sales and marketing employees , but he admits that he 's not always easy to work with . "  My guru said : ` Never prevent anyone from coming and seeing you . ' But sometimes its strenuous when someone is boring , but then you keep it short and they leave feeling positive , " he says with a smile . As his personal assistant of 13 years , Pinky Lahiri knows as much about the swami formerly known as Christian Fabre as well as any . "  He is strict and he has his principles , " she says , while Fabre takes a break for lunch . "  He used to get angry quite easily , he 's much calmer now than when I first met him . It could be his age , " she jokes , "  but it 's probably his spirituality . " Switching from caffeine and a 60-cigarette-a-day habit to a strict vegetarian diet no doubt helped reduce stress levels . He 's been to parties with designers and fashionistas including Jean-Paul Gaultier -- "  a lot of fun " -- and is regularly feted by the French chamber of commerce , but that 's not the reason he 's spent so much of his life in the fashion industry . As well as the jobs he 's helped to create , he sees fashion as something that gives people the chance to express themselves , present an image and change it if they want . More significant transformations though are harder to come by . Gandhi 's famous quote : "  For things to change , first I must change " appears on signs on desks throughout his office . "  People do n't like to change . They 're ensconced in their traditions , their habits , my god ! You have to have tradition in society , but some are no longer valid . You have to be able to balance that correctly . "  It 's not a question of faith ; it 's not an intellectual thing , either . It comes from the intellect and the heart , and usually this distance is not far away , but for some it takes a long time , " he says . A businessman , a swami , and now a brand , Fabre is clearly enjoying himself and prepared for any more changes . "  I 'm having a hell of a good time , but it would very boring if everyone was like me . "	Frenchman Christian Fabre is CEO of fashion company and also a Hindu monk Splits time between his office in Chennai and ashram in the hills of Tamil Nadu Has been in India for 37 years ; clients include Kenzo and Lee Cooper Recently launched own clothing label , despite not wearing clothes himself
CNN  -- Researchers announced this week that they 've found a new gene , ALS6 , which is responsible for about 5 percent of hereditary Lou Gehrig 's cases . The discovery of a new gene mutation may allow those with ALS in their family to be tested . It 's being called a "  momentous discovery " by the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Association . Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital , the University of Massachusetts and Kings College in London found the mutation by doing detailed sequencing of the genes in several families with an inherited form of ALS . The findings are published in the February 27 issue of the journal Science and were partially funded by the ALS Association . ALS , a disease of the nervous system , impairs muscle movement and eventually results in total paralysis . It was brought to national attention in 1939 , when famed Yankee baseball player Lou Gehrig 's illness was diagnosed as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS . Today , the disease is most commonly known by his name . ALS6 is a protein normally found inside a cell 's nucleus , but in patients with Lou Gehrig 's disease , it is found outside the nucleus and sometimes forms unusual clumps . ALS researchers are unsure why this occurs but believe this finding , combined with a gene they discovered last year , TDP-43 , may lead them to a firmer idea of what causes this deadly disease . Both genes help in building and transporting proteins and making sure they 're in the right place in cell structure -- a process called RNA processing . Lucie Bruijn , senior vice president of research and development at the ALS Association , likens this process to building an engine : If there are parts missing or placed in the wrong place or in the wrong way , the engine does n't work right . "  Everything has an exquisite role and has to be in the right place , and any imbalance ... can cause things to go awry , " Bruijn said . "  It 's exciting because what it 's starting to tell us now is that we might be starting to get an underlying theme , " Bruijn said . "  We now have two genes with similar function strengthening the idea that alterations in RNA processing is important in ALS . A completely new direction and also involved in many other neurodegenerative diseases . " She believes this gives researchers "  huge " potential to develop new therapies . And new therapies are needed . There is no cure and only one treatment for ALS , a neurodegenerative disease that seems to progressively attack the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord . These attacks can cause symptoms such as muscle weakness , twitching , cramping and thick speech , eventually leading to paralysis . According to the ALS Association , the disease strikes a little more than 5,600 people every year , and about 10 percent of those cases are hereditary . The discovery of this new gene mutation will also allow those with ALS in their family to be tested for another gene  this makes three genes  . Bruijn says a test "  will be possible ; however , currently , it is not widely accessible " and "  it would only be used in familial ALS patients . "	Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Association calls ALS gene discovery "  momentous " Two genes discovered in last 12 months could hold key for new therapies Genetic testing useful only for those with hereditary ALS ALS , or Lou Gehrig 's disease , strikes a little more than 5,600 people every year
CNN  -- As a baseball executive whose mother survived relentless domestic violence , and an advocate who worked for years to pass the Violence Against Women Act , we want to celebrate the 20th anniversary of that life-saving bill , signed into law on September 13 , 1994 . This groundbreaking law was the first to put the full force of the federal government into efforts to stop violence against women and help victims . It reshaped our criminal justice system , ushered in training for law enforcement and judges , and enhanced a life-saving national network of services and supports that has saved countless lives . Over time , the law became a catalyst for broader , badly needed change . In fact , according to the Justice Department , intimate partner violence has dropped 64 % since the Violence Against Women Act was passed 20 years ago . Now that 's something we can all be proud of . But frankly , the media paid little attention to the bill that was introduced by then-Senator Joe Biden , and signed into law by President Clinton in 1994 . They were too busy clamoring over the story about a high-profile NFL football hero named O.J. Simpson . Simpson had a history of domestic violence and was on trial for the murder of his wife and friend . He was acquitted in that famous trial . But the Simpson story had a silver lining : It led to tens of thousands of women around the country feeling empowered to reveal their own stories of abuse . And it gave activists an opportunity to rally their communities and demand more services and protections for victims and survivors . It took the topic of domestic violence from the back page to the front page and to the top of the newscast -- everywhere . It 's ironic , then , that 20 years later , the nation would be so laser-focused on the story of another football hero . In this case , it 's the story of Baltimore Raven player Ray Rice that is dominating our conversations , and despite the damage done , there is a positive repercussion worth noting : Again , thousands of people are sharing personal statements and encouragements around the issue of domestic violence . NFL toughens domestic violence policy with six-game bans There 's even a hashtag campaign , #WhyIStayed . We know from experience , that staying in the public conversation is often the precursor to making true and lasting change . And we 're hopeful that the NFL , and other professional sports leagues are recognizing that now is the time for a strong , enforceable policies that will not tolerate domestic violence or sexual assault . The first Violence Against Women Act did n't do nearly enough for the children who grow up in homes in which there is violence . It did n't do enough to help college students and other victims of rape , stalking and sexual assault . It did n't do enough for minority , immigrant and disabled communities , and populations with special needs . And it did n't do enough to promote prevention . NFL 's past penalties for domestic violence ' a different story ' With each subsequent re-authorization of the law , progress has been made -- but there 's much more to do . We 're convinced the country can finish the job . Vice President Joe Biden poured his heart and soul into passing the Violence Against Women Act 20 years ago and his commitment has never wavered . He was its proudest champion , winning crucial support on both sides of the political aisle . We still need him , and we still need a bipartisan group of dedicated congressional champions . Today , we both work with key federal agencies , large philanthropies , leading corporations and other partners that share our mission to finish what the Violence Against Women Act started . We need every one of them . There 's still much too much violence against women , and our nation pays a huge price . We need to continue the progress for adult women , heal kids who are hurt , and show perpetrators that they have to be accountable for their actions . We need to engage the public and make men part of the solution . Passage of the Violence Against Women Act was a triumph of bipartisanship , and a moment in time when lawmakers had the clarity and courage to recognize that they could make an enormous difference on a problem affecting every community . It was a huge step forward for the country . Twenty years later , we should cherish and take enormous pride in this achievement -- and finish the job . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	It 's been 20 years since the Violence Against Women Act was passed Joe Torre , Esta Soler : Domestic partner violence has declined sharply They says discussion sparked by Ray Rice case shows the problem still is formidable Authors : Take pride in what 's been accomplished but we need to finish the job
I 'm a sucker for all of those man-on-the-street interviews that late-night shows do to reveal just how dumb Americans are . It 's fun to laugh at the people who struggle with simple math problems or are unable to find any country we 're at war with on a map . More than a few even get tripped up trying to name the branches of government . It 's all fun and games until you remember that elections have consequences , and that many of those people who said they could name the president -- but not the commander in chief -- will soon be standing in a voting booth , armed with a ballot . If you think government dysfunction is the country 's No. 1 problem -- and according to a recent Gallup poll , a third of the nation does -- then maybe we should take those hilarious late-night interviews a little more seriously . You see , while we were busy waving our angry finger at Washington , the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  OECD  released its findings from the Survey of Adult Skills . The group 's research measured the literacy , math and computer skills of 5,000 adults from 16 to 65 and compared those numbers with that of 21 other countries . The good news is that we did n't finish last in anything . The bad news is that we 're in pretty sad shape when not finishing last is the good news . Trailing every country in the survey except Italy and Spain in math is rough . But how the OECD 's findings may play a role in elections and the economy is disturbing . According to the report , "  individuals who score at lower levels of proficiency in literacy are more likely than those with higher proficiency to ... believe that they have little impact on the political process . " Also "  in most countries , individuals with lower proficiency are also more likely to have lower levels of trust in others . " U.S. adults ranked 16th in literacy proficiency . The OECD findings seem to be consistent with that of the U.S. Department of Education , which estimated back in 2009 that some 32 million adults lacked the proficiency to read a newspaper . This was captured by a witty USA Today headline about the findings : "  Literacy study : 1 in 7 U.S. are unable to read this story . " That was kinder than the New York Post headline after the new OECD report : "  U.S. adults are dumber than the average human . " An uneducated workforce is a hindrance to us all and an uninformed electorate is the thorn in democracy 's side , taunting us with the words of Joseph de Maistre : "  Every country has the government it deserves . " While it seems there 's a chance we could be headed toward an agreement that will put an end to the partial government shutdown , we must not overlook the fact that the man most credited/blamed for the disruption was on the Senate floor quoting "  Green Eggs and Ham " during his filibuster . But this is not just a Republican problem . I ca n't help but notice the correlation between a more partisan nation and a more dumb-ass nation -- regardless of party . Remember Ted Cruz is not the first politician to drag Dr. Seuss into the mess that is Washington . In 2007 , during the immigration debate , Sen. Harry Reid read a piece from the New York Times that contained quotes from "  The Cat in the Hat . " "  And this mess is so big . And this mess is so deep and so tall , we can not pick it up . There is no way at all ! " Reid then went on to say : "  Mr. President , some would say that is what we have in the Senate today -- a big mess . But if you go back and read Dr. Seuss , the cat manages to clean up the mess . " I used to think politicians such as Cruz and Reid quoted from children 's books as a way to insult the intelligence of their political foes . Now I 'm wondering if it 's because they 're afraid using big words would lose the rest of us . When Gallup asked Americans what was the country 's top problem , after dysfunctional government , the top-listed items were the economy  19 %  , unemployment  12 %  , the deficit  12 %  and health care  12 %  . Sadly education did n't crack the top five , despite being the one area that really links them all . "  Proficiency in literacy , numeracy and problem solving in technology rich environments is positively and independently associated with the probability of participating in the labour market and being employed , and with higher wages , " the new OECD report stated . Educators will tell you the best catalyst for prolonged academic success is early childhood education . Among the 38 OECD and G20 countries that participated in a report released last year , we were 28th in the percentage of 4-year-olds who are receiving early childhood education . Hmmm , those late-night interviews are n't so funny anymore .	LZ Granderson cites recent OECD report showing Americans ranking low on skills He says lack of literacy , math skills provides a sobering take on U.S. democracy Think how many voters are ill-informed and poorly equipped to make smart choices , he says LZ : It 's no wonder politicians are reading Dr. Seuss aloud on the floor of Congress
CNN Student News  -- September 11 , 2014 This September 11 , 2014 , CNN Student News reports on President Obama 's speech regarding the ISIS terrorist group . We also cover the anniversary of the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil , and we remember an attack on a U.S. facility in Libya . We also show you how thousands of students commemorated the 200th anniversary of the poem that would become our national anthem . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
