CNN  -- At least 15 people were killed and 45 others wounded in a bombing and gunfire near Iraq 's central bank in the capital on Sunday , according to the Interior Ministry . After the initial blast , clashes broke out between security forces and armed men trying to rob the bank , the official said . There were conflicting reports about what the blast was , which hit at around 3 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  . One Interior Ministry official said at least three roadside bombs exploded outside the bank , while another official said it was a suicide bomber . The spokesman for the Baghdad military command , Maj. Gen. Qassi , al-Moussawi , told state television that it was one roadside bomb . The casualties figures offered by the Interior Ministry only include civilians and security forces . The power generator for the bank caught fire and the burning fuel caused a large black plume of smoke seen over the capital , the first Interior Ministry official said.The bank is located in central Baghdad 's Rasheed street . The bombing comes amid political uncertainty , a day before Iraq 's parliament is set to convene for it 's first session three months after national elections . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : 15 killed , 45 wounded in Baghdad blast , ensuing gunfire Blast outside of country 's central bank Clashes ongoing between security forces and bank robbers Power generator for bank caught fire
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Some 70 % of the Russian troops believed to have been in Ukraine have withdrawn back across the border , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said , according to the national news agency Ukrinform . "  This is another hope that peaceful initiatives have a good perspective , " Poroshenko is quoted as saying during a Cabinet meeting in Kiev on Wednesday . The remarks came several days into a shaky ceasefire deal between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russia rebels , signed last Friday after nearly five months of fighting in eastern Ukraine . The Presidents of Russia and Ukraine are "  broadly satisfied " with the status of the ceasefire , a Kremlin aide said Wednesday . President Vladimir Putin and Poroshenko spoke by phone Tuesday night , Kremlin foreign policy adviser Yuri Ushakov told Russia 's Interfax news agency . "  On the whole , satisfaction was expressed on our part and by the Ukrainian side with how the ceasefire is being observed although it is a difficult process , " Ushakov said . Moscow has repeatedly denied allegations by Kiev and the West that it is sending Russian troops over the border into Ukraine . Meanwhile , EU leaders are weighing whether to pull the trigger on tougher sanctions against Russia . Talks are planned Thursday in Brussels among diplomats from the 28 member nations , following a decision Monday to put on hold for at least a "  few days " a new package of economic penalties against Russia over its encroachment in Ukraine . The delay offered more time to assess the effectiveness of the ceasefire without risking further trade retaliation by the Kremlin , which has said it will respond if new sanctions come into force . OSCE to deploy drones The chairman of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which is monitoring the truce , said Wednesday that more observers would be sent to eastern Ukraine . "  Around 70 specialists are in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions this week already to monitor the ceasefire . Further monitors are being recruited and deployed as we speak , " Didier Burkhalter said . The OSCE will be using its own drones over the region soon , he said . A discussion is also under way on the possible deployment of drones from some of the 57 member states of the OSCE . Burkhalter , who is also the Swiss President and Foreign Minister , said his country was ready to support the OSCE mission in Ukraine with up to 10 additional monitors and an extra 500,000 euros  $ 647,000 . MH17 crash report Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu blamed Ukraine for the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in comments Wednesday after meeting with Malaysian Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein in Moscow , Russia 's state-run Itar-Tass new agency reported . "  The catastrophe happened in the skies of Ukraine , which is fully responsible for what happened , " Shoigu is quoted as saying . "  I 'm convinced that this tragedy would n't have happened if Ukraine had solved its internal crisis without use of military force , including artillery , missiles , and war aviation . " A preliminary report into the crash in July , released by Dutch aviation investigators Tuesday , said the plane was brought down by "  high energy objects " from outside . The U.S. and Ukraine have accused pro-Russian separatists operating in the region of downing the plane , which had 298 people on board , using a Russian-made missile system . The report supports the theory of a warhead exploding in close proximity to the passenger jet , but it does n't point any fingers at who might have fired it . Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev ; Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London	NEW : Russian defense minister says Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crash was Ukraine 's fault Ukrainian and Russian Presidents are satisfied by ceasefire , official says Petro Poroshenko : "  This is another hope that peaceful initiatives have a good perspective " Moscow has repeatedly denied sending Russian troops into Ukraine
CNN  -- The U.S. military expects on Thursday to begin flying Burundi forces into the Central African Republic to help stop the violence in that war-torn country , according to a U.S. military official . The United States has two C-17 aircraft in Uganda that will pick up the forces in Burundi and unload them in Bangui , the capital . The official emphasized the U.S. planes will remain on the ground in Bangui for a very short period due to the violence there . The official also said the United States believes its planes and crews will be safe , because French forces control the airport there . The airlift of Burundi forces is expected to last about a week . Discussions about what additional assistance the United State may provide continue . The Pentagon announced Monday that American military would fly African and European peacekeepers to the Central African Republic , which is in the midst of a bloody internal conflict between various proclaimed Christian and Muslim militias and other rebel factions . That announcement was followed by a statement from President Barack Obama , who called on the country 's citizens to reject violence and urged the transitional government to join "  respected leaders " in Muslim and Christian communities in calling for "  calm and peace . " "  Individuals who are engaging in violence must be held accountable in accordance with the law . Meanwhile , as forces from other African countries and France work to restore security , the United States will support their efforts to protect civilians , " Obama said . Pentagon spokesman Carl Woog said "  the United States is joining the international community " in aiding the peackeeping effort "  because of our belief that immediate action is required to avert a humanitarian and human rights catastrophe . " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel responded after talking with his French counterpart , Yves Le Drian , on Sunday from Afghanistan , Woog said , adding that France asked for "  limited assistance . " The request for near term help involves U.S. air support to enable the prompt deployment of African forces "  to prevent the further spread of sectarian violence , " Woog said . Violence has raged in the former French colony east of Cameroon since a coalition of rebels deposed President Francois Bozize in March . It was the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence . Bozize fled the country after his ouster . Left uncontrolled , militia groups are uniting along religious lines . Christian vigilante groups have formed to battle Seleka , the predominantly Muslim coalition behind the President 's removal . More than 400,000 people -- nearly 10 % of the population -- have been internally displaced , according to the United Nations . Those displaced include people hiding in the bush without shelter , food , or drinking water , Doctors Without Borders has said . In a statement on Monday , the international medical organization called for all parties to let the wounded and sick "  safely obtain medical care , " and for "  an end to violence and threats against patients , civilians , and medical staff " nationwide . The U.N. Security Council unanimously approved a resolution last week authorizing military intervention by an African Union-led force backed by French troops to protect civilians , restore humanitarian access and stabilize the country . As part of the effort , the United States will fly troops from Burundi to the Central African Republic capital of Bangui . The Pentagon will provide security for its planes , but there is no indication about the number of troops involved . The operation is expected to be relatively small . Violence on the ground , which has included machetes , knives , rifles and grenades , will be a "  big factor " in any U.S. operation , a U.S. official told CNN . "  It 's a concern , " the official said . French President Francois Hollande said in Paris over the weekend that the goal is to hold elections once security is restored . CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	U.S. military airlifts of Burundi forces expected to begin Thursday The dropoffs in Bangui , the capital , expected to be short due to violence U.S. President Barack Obama calls for the country to reject violence The Central African Republic is wracked by internal conflict
CNN  -- Far from the sea , a man-made coral reef is taking shape -- and it could change medical operations forever . Step inside the OkCoral lab in Israel 's Negev Desert and you 'll find row after row of quietly bubbling fish tanks , each containing a precious substance . It is hoped the coral grown in this surreal "  farm , " could one day be used in bone operations -- encompassing everything from dental implants to spinal procedures . Unlike animal and human bones , coral ca n't be rejected by the body , say medical experts at the company CoreBone , which manufactures bone replacements from coral . Grown in the lab , this coral is also free from the diseases you might find in the oceanic variety . Start-up science Assaf Shaham founded the unusual laboratory six years ago at a cost of $ 2.5 million , with an ambitious vision of tapping into the billion dollar worldwide bone grafting industry . But first he 'll need the approval of authorities in the European Union and U.S. , with a decision expected next year . The father-of-two 's dedication to the business is astounding -- if not a little disconcerting . "  In six years of growing corals , I have n't left these four walls for more than 12 hours -- not even once , " he said . "  For me , it 's 100 % learning as I go . I take the mother colony , and I cut off a branch of the coral with a diamond saw . Then I glue it to another base made out of cement . " The delicate ecosystem needs constant care to ensure the water 's salinity , temperature , and chemical make-up is perfect -- any variations and the coral could die . The fish swimming around each tank are essentially the "  worker bees " of the artificial reef . They eat the algae growing on the coral , their feces helps feed the coral , and finally , their movements in the water keep the coral strong . And much like the traditional canary in the coalmine , if the fish die , you know something 's not quite right in the water . Clever company ? Happily for Shaham , his ambitious experiment appears to be thriving , with coral in the lab growing at ten times the normal rate . Just a small container of the coral costs roughly $ 5 to $ 10 to produce , and sells for around $ 250 . One of the biggest benefits of the business is its environmental sustainability . "  We have a constant supply , " says Ohad Schwartz of company CoreBone . "  We do n't have to worry that in several years , harvesting from the sea could be forbidden . " It 's a concern they 'll never have to think about , when harvesting these remarkable fruits of the desert . Watch : Meet the richest man in Saudi Arabia Insight : Making wine in the shadow of war	Inside the pioneering coral farm in Negev Desert , Israel Coral could be used for bone grafting procedures Environmentally sustainable , free of oceanic diseases
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Rihanna left no doubt about how she feels about Chris Brown and the probation he 's serving for beating her up four years ago . The pop star sat behind Brown in court Wednesday while a prosecutor asked a judge to order the singer to restart the community labor that is his punishment for the felony assault conviction . It was Rihanna 's second time in a courtroom with Brown . The first was the day in August 2009 when Brown was sentenced to five years ' probation and ordered to stay away from her . Then , she was a witness for the prosecution . "  She thinks it 's utterly ridiculous what they 're doing to him , " Brown lawyer Mark Geragos said when a reporter asked why his assault victim was in court . The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office has "  tortured " Brown during his probation worse than any client he 's ever had , Geragos said . In a court filing this week , prosecutors accused Brown of not completing the 180 days of community labor ordered when he pleaded guilty to the felony assault charge . The paperwork Brown submitted to show he had completed community labor is "  at best sloppy documentation and at worst fraudulent reporting , " District Attorney Jackie Lacey said . Brown was n't in town on some of the dates reported , the motion said . Geragos , however , angrily disputed the charges , calling them "  absolutely false . " "  And I do n't mean just false , it is fraudulent , " Geragos said after the hearing . Brown 's attorney said the prosecutor 's filing was so fraudulent that he would ask the judge to punish the deputy district attorneys involved and call for a contempt of court hearing for filing false documents with the court . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin set a hearing for April 5 for Brown to return to court , but a full hearing on the allegations will be held later . The ever divisive Chris Brown Brandlin ordered Brown to report to his probation officer within the next two days to be interviewed for a report that will be used at the hearing . Despite the serious allegations outlined in the court filing , the prosecutor is not asking for Brown 's probation to be revoked and the singer sent to jail . She is asking the judge to order him to restart his 1,400 hours of community service under the supervision of a Los Angeles probation officer . Brown got an unusual deal when he pleaded guilty that allowed him to complete his court-ordered community service in Virginia , under the personal supervision of Richmond Police Chief Bryan Norwood . Normally , community service must be supervised by a probation office . The district attorney alleged that investigators he sent to Virginia discovered that Brown 's mother supervised most of it , and they found evidence it was never done . In response , Geragos said he 's received 10 e-mails in the past day from Richmond police officers and firefighters "  who observed Chris doing his community service . " "  I 've got pictures , I 've got witnesses , " Geragos said . "  I 've got what they do n't have . We have evidence that he did it . " The motion also accused Brown of violating probation by punching singer Frank Ocean at a Hollywood recording studio last month , threatening to "  bust " -- or shoot -- the singer . It also notes a Miami incident during which Brown allegedly stole a fan 's cell phone and a chair-throwing incident after a "  Good Morning America " interview . Also , Brown 's claim to have medical marijuana license , which used to defend against a drug test result , was invalid because the acupuncturist who wrote it was not licensed to prescribe drugs , the motion said . This Friday marks the fourth anniversary of the night Brown punched Rihanna inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street , leaving her face bruised and bloody . Rihanna and Brown broke up after he was arrested for assaulting her , but they 've made no secret in recent months that they are a couple again .	NEW : Rihanna "  thinks it 's utterly ridiculous what they 're doing to him , " Brown 's lawyer says NEW : Prosecutors have "  tortured " Chris Brown during his probation , his lawyer says The prosecutor accuses Brown of not completing his community service Friday marks the fourth anniversary of the night Brown punched Rihanna
CNN  -- The Andaman Islands are at the center of one of the newest theories in the increasingly tangled search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Analysis of radar data revealed Friday by Reuters suggests the plane was flying toward the Indian Ocean archipelago . Reuters cited unidentified sources familiar with the investigation . Aviation experts and locals are debating whether it would even be possible for a giant 777 to land -- or even approach -- the islands undetected . An Indian military search operation is being launched from Port Blair , the administrative center for the islands . Here are five things to know about the islands now enveloped in the missing plane mystery : They 're remote and mostly uninhabited The Andaman Islands are part of India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands territory . There are 572 islands in the territory , only three dozen of which are inhabited . The territory has a population of nearly 380,000 , according to India 's 2011 census . The Andaman group is about 850 miles  1,370 kilometers  east of the Indian subcontinent in the Indian Ocean . Most of the population descends from immigrants from South Asia . India has designated five indigenous tribal groups in the territory as "  particularly vulnerable " due to the loss of sustaining resources and customs . The airport 's runway is long enough for a 777 The main airport , Veer Savarkar International Airport in Port Blair , is on the east coast of South Andaman Island , one of the three largest islands . Airport officials hope to have night landing equipment this year , but only daytime flights are permitted now . The airport is an Indian navy facility with a civil enclave administered by the Airports Authority of India . Indian authorities own the only four airstrips in the region , according to Denis Giles , editor of the Andaman Chronicle newspaper . The Port Blair airport 's runway could accommodate a Boeing 777 . The runway is 10,794 feet in length  3,290 meters  , a couple of thousand feet longer than Boeing 's requirements for landing a fully loaded 777 in poor weather . It 's hard to imagine the Boeing 777 landing at any of the remote island chain 's mostly military airstrips without anyone noticing . The islands are in a strategically important area for India . It 's a highly militarized zone with surveillance capacities covering a large part of the Indian Ocean , which would make it nearly impossible for an unidentified aircraft to enter the zone undetected . "  There is no chance , no such chance , that any aircraft of this size can come toward Andaman and Nicobar Islands and land , " Giles said . The 2004 tsunami hit the islands hard Thousands of India 's nearly 11,000 deaths in the December 26 , 2004 , tsunami were on the Andaman and Nicobar Islands . The tsumani , which was triggered by an undersea earthquake off Indonesia 's Sumatra , killed more than 283,000 people across a dozen countries . It 's a former penal colony The Andaman Islands were a British penal colony for a short time in the 1790s and then again from 1858 when a new prisoner settlement at Port Blair was established . The penal colony in the Andamans was abolished after the British recaptured the islands from Japanese occupation during World War II . India took over administration of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in 1947 when it gained independence . Marco Polo a visitor , scene of Sherlock Holmes mystery Marco Polo is thought to have visited the islands in the 13th century , calling one island "  Angamanain . " The Andaman Islands also star in Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's Sherlock Holmes novel "  The Sign of the Four . "	Only three dozen of the Andaman and Nicobar islands are inhabited The airport runway in Port Blair is long enough for a 777 Landing a large aircraft in the highly militarized area without detection unlikely , experts say
CNN  -- Joe Marshall was cruising across the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge when a piece of steel and a giant cable crashed down . He was just 50 yards away . The iReporter was just far enough away that he did n't see the debris as it fell . But he did see cars quickly move to the right lanes to avoid the mess . The falling debris forced the closure of the bridge and snarled traffic between Oakland and San Francisco , California , as commuters look for alternate ways to get to and from the cities . It 's also forcing structural engineers to look at key questions around the nation 's infrastructure : Has the nation done enough to address crucial bridges two years after the tragic collapse of a bridge in Minnesota that killed 13 people ? The answer , experts say , is no . The pieces that fell this week raise even more troubling issues because repairs had just been made in September to the same section of the 73-year-old bridge , which spans the San Francisco Bay and carries an average of 280,000 vehicles daily . Over Labor Day weekend , crews worked to repair a damaged steel beam . "  The bridge has been inspected , and it is now safer than when we closed it , " Randell Iwasaki , the director of the California Department of Transportation , said at the time . Abolhassan Astaneh-Asl , a structural engineering professor at the University of California , Berkeley , says he 's concerned that authorities took a "  Band-Aid " approach in September . "  It failed , " he said . He 's worried about what he calls "  fracture-critical " bridges : roughly 460 bridges across the country that are in dire need of repairs . "  Following the Minnesota bridge collapse , there was a lot of discussion because of emotions , " he said . "  I did n't really see a sustained effort that says , ` We are going to replace these fracture-critical bridges . ' " Federal regulators said support plates that were about half as thick as they should have been were the likely cause of the August 1 , 2007 , bridge collapse in Minnesota that killed 13 people and injured 145 . The gusset plates -- metal plates that are meant to strengthen joists -- are believed to have failed on the I-35W bridge over the Mississippi River in Minneapolis , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . A new bridge has since opened in Minnesota , what the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials hailed as one of the nation 's Top 10 transportation feats this year . "  It is critical that our transportation systems receive the funding necessary to keep America moving . But even more important is that our state and local governments use that money to deliver projects that quickly meet the needs of our communities , " John Horsley , the group 's executive director , said in a recent report . But engineers say that 's the problem : Repairs are n't happening quick enough . If a tragedy like the Minnesota collapse does n't get people 's attention , they wonder , what will ? "  I have seen some lip service , but I have not seen a lot of momentum and action , " said William Ibbs , a professor of civil engineering at UC-Berkeley . "  Part of that is due to the economic recession . When California has a budget deficit of $ 25 billion , they do n't worry about bridges . They worry about closing the budget gap . " Fari Barzegar , a civil engineering consultant based out of Oakland , says the Minnesota collapse put critical bridge problems front and center before the American public . "  In the engineering community , we knew these things many years ago , and there were requests for money , which was n't coming , " Barzegar said . But he says funding has n't kept up post-Minnesota . According to a 2009 American Society of Civil Engineers report , more than 26 percent of the nation 's bridges are either structurally deficient or functionally obsolete . The American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials estimated in 2008 that it would cost roughly $ 140 billion to repair every deficient bridge in the country . Bridges are typically inspected every two years . "  If we do n't start making substantial progress in five years , we will have more collapses , " Ibbs said . The Bay Bridge opened in 1936 and spans 8.4 miles . It was the largest and most expensive bridge -- $ 77 million -- of its time . The bridge is best known to most Americans from the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake . A 50-foot section of the bridge collapsed during the quake , killing one person and prompting efforts to make it quake-tolerant . Part of the bridge , the West Span , is a suspension bridge . The other portion of the bridge , known as the East Span , is a truss-cantilever design . This week 's falling debris happened on the East Span , which is in the process of being replaced .	Falling debris on Bay Bridge raises questions about repairs after Minnesota collapse Bridge remains shut , snarling traffic across San Francisco Bay area "  I have seen some lip service , but I have not seen a lot of momentum , " expert says
CNN  -- A New Jersey police officer charged with attempted murder and arson for allegedly setting fire to his captain 's home has been released on $ 2 million cash bail , the Middlesex County Prosecutor 's Office said . Michael Dotro , 35 , was released Tuesday after a bail source hearing in Middlesex Superior Court , said Jim O'Neill , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office . The bail was put up by Dotro 's family : $ 110,000 from one of Dotro 's brothers , $ 400,000 from another brother , and the remaining $ 1.49 million from Dotro 's parents , O'Neill said . His bail was originally set at $ 5 million , but a judge granted a request by his attorney to reduce it to $ 2 million . Dotro , a nine-year veteran with the Edison police department , is required to surrender his passport and his firearms . He is not permitted to have any contact with alleged victims , nor with the Middlesex County Prosecutor 's Office . He must not visit the Edison municipal complex , where the police department is located , and is not allowed to travel outside New Jersey , O'Neill said . Dotro was arrested and accused of setting fire to the house of Edison police Capt. Mark Anderko and his family after an investigation by the prosecutor 's office and the Monroe Township Police Department determined that the fire had been intentionally started outside the house . Police , emergency medical personnel and firefighters were called to the two-story , colonial-style home shortly before 4 a.m. on May 20 . Anderko was in the house with his wife , two children and 92-year old mother . The fire was extinguished within 10 to 15 minutes , and there were no injuries , but the house was damaged . "  The investigators described it as considerable ; one part of the house had damage on the first and second floor of the home , " said O'Neill . Dotro has pleaded not guilty to five counts of attempted murder and one count of aggravated arson , authorities said . He has been suspended from his job with pay . Citing court restrictions , the prosecutor 's office declined to give details of the evidence or to talk about a possible motive . Lawrence Bitterman is no longer representing Dotro . He was required to withdraw from the case after reviewing a list of potential witnesses Monday afternoon . "  That list included former and present clients of mine , so there was a conflict of interest , " he said . However , Bitterman told CNN in May that he believed police arrested the wrong person . He said that Dotro also told him , "  The thought of anyone doing this to his brother officer makes me sick . " Dotro 's current lawyer , Robert Norton , declined to comment on the details of the case but told CNN that "  the family has enough confidence in Michael that they pooled all of their savings and posted the $ 2 million cash bail . " A court date has not yet been set , O'Neill said . CNN 's Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	Michael Dotro , 35 , has been released after a hearing ; family provided $ 2 million for bail Nine-year Edison police department veteran must surrender his passport , firearms Edison police Capt. Mark Anderko 's home was damaged in a May 20 blaze Dotro has pleaded not guilty to 5 counts of attempted murder , 1 count of aggravated arson
CNN  -- A New Hampshire apartment complex is mandating that residents submit pet DNA samples . Why ? To check if any of them are abandoning their dogs ' waste on the property . "  Ninety-eight percent do what they 're suppose to do , " property manager Debbie Violette said of her residents with dogs , "  but there are some that do n't and you do n't know who that is . That 'd be pretty foolish if they did that right in front of me . " Timberwood Commons in Lebanon , New Hampshire , says it is among a growing number of apartment complexes implementing PooPrints . That 's a program that matches samples of unclaimed dog waste to DNA collected through pets ' mandatory mouth swabs in the hope of imposing greater responsibility among pet owners . Violette says her violators will first receive a warning if caught , paying a $ 60 fee to cover the DNA costs . However , if it happens again , it 's a lease violation and the offender will be forced to live somewhere else . "  They have a choice to rent here or not . If you live in that community you have to live by those rules and regulations , " Violette said . "  It 's a privilege . " She said she got the idea from a residential community in Boston . Eric Mayer , director of franchise development with BioPet Vet Lab , says the program is currently assisting rental complexes in multiple states , with increasing interest as far away as Canada and Germany . The tests bought through PooPrints , a subsidiary of BioPet Vet Lab in Knoxville , Tennessee , match the DNA already captured to a sample of each pet 's waste . Poop that is n't scooped can then be analyzed . According to Mayer , apartment complexes that impose a pet deposit or fee on residents could potentially cover the testing costs incurred with the initial DNA registration . The cost of the DNA analysis each time a sample is tested could theoretically be paid through a fee on convicted freeloaders . It 's a service Violette admits to be potentially costly , but with more than 30 dogs on her property , some as large as a St. Bernard , "  it 's really not about the money for us , " she said , "  it 's about having a nice place to live . " And reaction has been positive , she said . "  I did have one resident that thought it was completely over the top , who 's not a pet owner , " Violette said . But after considering the possibility of stepping in a mess he himself did n't leave behind , "  he changed his mind , " she said . Violette sees long-term benefits in the PooPrints system , saying it could reunite lost pets and owners , especially in the aftermath of a natural disaster . Mayer says he remains focused on both environmental and human health benefits through the system . "  It 's a huge problem with growing environmental impact , " Mayer said of the waste . The PooPrints website estimates a single pet creates 276 pounds of waste per year . "  We want people to be responsible and not leave things behind . Down the drain means it 's going into your lakes , rivers and streams , " he added .	Apartment complexes use PooPrints for residents who do n't always scoop DNA is taken from swab of dog 's mouth It 's then matched to a sample of their waste
CNN  -- The Supreme Court begins each session with a proclamation that ends with the words "  God save this Honorable Court . " Even strict advocates of the separation of Church and State ought to say "  Amen " to that line after Thursday 's decision upholding the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act . I write this as someone who not only thought that the act would be overturned , but also still thinks there are strong constitutional arguments to be made against the mandate . All Americans , however , regardless of their partisan affiliation or views on the Constitution , had something to celebrate Thursday . Despite what almost all the pundits predicted , the court 's decision provides some evidence that there remains one institution of American government that can not be seen as nakedly partisan . In the end , Chief Justice John Roberts , a career Republican who was nominated for the Supreme Court by George W. Bush , cast the deciding vote upholding the signature act of the current Democratic administration . This , I think , is what Americans indicated they were looking for when they elected a president in 2008 who , four years earlier , had risen to national prominence by giving a speech in which he took issue with those who would "  slice-and-dice our country into red states and blue states . " Unfortunately , the divide between Republicans and Democrats has , if anything , gotten worse over the past 3Â 1/2 years . Of course , each side blames the other for this result ; they are both right . More blame , however , is not what is needed . We used to refer to Congress , or at least the Senate , as the "  world 's greatest deliberative body . " We all know that very little of what might be termed "  deliberation " goes on within either chamber nowadays . Instead , Republicans attack Democrats , and Democrats attack Republicans . To deliberate means to consider something carefully . It means you have to listen to and weigh the position of your opponent . Unfortunately , in today 's world , partisans have adopted what amounts to a version of political fundamentalism in which giving any credence to the other side 's position is a form of heresy . But deliberate is exactly what the Supreme Court does . It is a far from perfect process , and yes , the court is affected by politics . As James Madison reminded us , however , neither the government nor the governed are angels . Perfection is not to be expected . Some attempt , however , to think through issues in a nonprejudicial way is required . Of course , Supreme Court justices have advantages . They do not have to stand for election and , as the chief justice wrote in his opinion read Thursday , they do not have to take a position on whether a law "  embodies sound policies . " Nevertheless , the court , and particularly the chief justice , offered an important lesson to the political branches on Thursday on how they might undertake to solve the nation 's problems . Will those who serve in the political branches listen ? Their initial reactions are certainly not encouraging . The president and Congress may , however , want to take a look at current approval polls . Although even their numbers have declined lately , the Supreme Court has a much higher net approval number  +8  , than Obama  -4  , or the Congress  -62  . Hopefully , the court 's numbers will be improved after Thursday 's decision . Both the Republicans and Democrats will doubtless find fault with Roberts ' opinion , but the example of bipartisan deliberation that the court provided was much needed in today 's political climate . "  This Honorable Court " deserves our gratitude . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Sracic .	Paul Sracic says whatever your political bent , you can celebrate Supreme Court 's decision He says it 's evidence that there 's still an American institution that is not nakedly partisan He says a career Republican , the Chief Justice , cast deciding vote on Dem Obama 's law Sracic : The example of bipartisan deliberation was much needed in today 's political climate
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Cushla wore a white dress for her big day , Tania , braces , a hat and bow-tie . The couple , now wife and wife , tied the knot during a small ceremony led by an unregistered celebrant on a farm west of Sydney , Australia . It had all the hallmarks of a "  real " wedding . Except this one was n't valid , at least under Australian law . Australia is one of many countries around the world where same-sex couples are not permitted to legally marry . And the law does n't seem likely to change any time soon . Prime Minister Julia Gillard , who has long opposed gay marriage , made it clear Thursday that her mind had n't been nudged by a politically risky move by U.S. President Barack Obama to back same-sex marriages Wednesday night . "  My view has n't changed and when a bill comes to the parliament later this year , moved by private members , Stephen Jones , one of our Labor members ... When that bill comes to the parliament this year I wo n't vote for it , " Gillard told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . Jones is one of two members of parliament who have submitted a private member 's bill that calls for the legalization of gay marriage , however neither Gillard nor main opposition leader Tony Abbott support it . "  Obviously at this stage we 've still got more work to do , " said John Kloprogge , spokesman for campaign group Australian Marriage Equality . "  But we are confident that this issue has the support of the majority of Australians and it will eventually be supported by the leaders of our major parties . " Obama 's decision to openly endorse same-sex marriage won plaudits from campaigners worldwide who have been pushing for more liberal laws since the first same-sex couples walked down the aisle in the Netherlands in 2001 . Same-sex marriages are now allowed in a number of U.S. states and in countries including Belgium , Canada , Spain , South Africa , Norway , Sweden , Portugal , Iceland and Argentina , according to Australian Marriage Equality . Wedding bells are close to ringing on same-sex marriages elsewhere : Leading human rights activist Peter Tatchell hailed Obama 's move as evidence that support for same-sex marriage was "  an unstoppable global trend " . "  Gay marriage is all about love , " he said . "  The love of same-sex couples is just as real , strong and committed as that of married heterosexual men and women . Prohibiting same-sex marriage devalues and denigrates the love of lesbian and gay couples . It signifies our continuing second class legal status . " British Prime Minister David Cameron has said he supports their legalization in the UK , where authorities are currently consulting on the issue , having permitted civil partnerships since 2005 . However the issue 's omission this week from the Queen 's Speech , which outlines laws to be introduced in the coming months , dismayed campaigners . Ben Summerskill , of gay rights charity Stonewall said he was "  disappointed , " and pledged "  to push both coalition parties to deliver on their promise ... by 2015 . " After becoming the first country to legalize same-sex unions in 1989 , Denmark is close to doing the same for same-sex marriages . In 2007 , Nepal 's Supreme Court ruled that the rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual , transsexual and intersex  LGBTI  people should be protected and that a committee be formed to draft laws on same-sex marriage . While the government has made some progress -- such as allowing a third gender option on the census -- full protections and marriage rights have yet to be enshrined by law . However , in many countries LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  campaigners are nowhere near close to reaching for the confetti on gay marriage . Simply being able to live without fear or prejudice is the aim of activists in countries where homosexuality remains taboo or illegal . According to a report released in May 2011 by the International Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Trans and Intersex Association , same-sex relations are still criminalized in 76 countries , and in five of those countries the death penalty can be applied . The countries with the harshest penalties are in Africa and the Middle East . MPs in Uganda have repeatedly tried to introduce an anti-homosexuality bill which would make homosexual acts a capital offense ; prominent gay rights activist David Kato was beaten to death in the country in 2011 . And even in South Africa , where single sex marriage was legalized in 2006 , and where the post-apartheid constitution bans prejudice on the grounds of homosexuality , attacks on gays and lesbians -- including instances of so-called "  corrective rape " -- still occur . In other regions too , attitudes have been slow to change . In Indonesia , efforts to frame a Gender Equality Bill were resisted by campaigners who said that gender equality could open up room for legalizing same sex unions , according to Human Rights Watch . Last month , a court in Malaysia backed police over its ban on a gay rights festival which officials argued could disrupt public order . And in Hong Kong , the sexuality of pop star Anthony Wong made headlines when he confirmed , after years of speculation , that he was gay . It was said to be the first time in nine years that a pop star had come out as homosexual in China 's Special Administrative Region . "  Hong Kong does n't have the gay bashing that a lot of countries have ... But at the same time you still have people who are very ignorant , " said Reggie Ho , Chairman of the Pink Alliance which is organizing a concert Wong is due to perform at on Saturday , May 12 . The rally is part of an event to mark International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia  IDAHOT  , which is observed in 60 countries . The official date is May 17 , the day in 1990 that the World Health Organization removed homosexuality from its list of mental disorders . "  They gossip about you , or they make suggestions that hurt you very much . So it 's that kind of discrimination and the fact that the Hong Kong government has not moved forward at all in terms of legislating against discrimination against sexual minorities , " Ho said . Separately in Australia on Saturday , campaigners will be holding a National Day of Action for Marriage Equality when thousands are expected to march through major cities calling for same-sex marriage . "  A lot of people are getting exasperated that we do n't have it yet , " said Jessica Payne who is organizing the Brisbane march . "  I think it is a matter of time but it 's not going to happen without a push . " Cushla said she and Tania were n't willing to sit around and wait "  and hope " for same-sex marriage to become legal . "  I did n't want to miss out . I just wanted it to be the way that we wanted it to be , despite the fact that my partner is a woman , " she said . "  Eventually , when it becomes legal , we 'll legally bind it . " CNN 's Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	Campaigners worldwide pushing for same-sex marriages Australian Prime Minister reiterates her opposition to gay marriage Belgium , Canada , Spain , South Africa , Norway among countries allowing same-sex marriages Same-sex relations are still criminalized in 76 countries , five with death penalty
CNN  -- Iran tested a missile-launching system and several types of short - and medium-range missiles Sunday , the state-run Press TV said . A short-range missile is test-launched during war games in Qom , Iran , south of Tehran , on Sunday . Earlier , the country 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps had said it would stage missile exercises beginning Sunday to promote the armed forces ' defense capabilities . The tests , which are expected to last until Monday , are code-named "  Payghambar-e Azam 4 " or "  The Great Prophet 4 , " Press TV said . The missiles , fired at targets around the country Sunday , included the Fateh-110 , a short-range ground-to-ground missile , and Tondar-69 , a short-range naval missile , the station said . Several models of medium-range Shahab missiles were tested at night , Press TV reported . Watch Iranian missile tests " The final stage of the tests will be held Monday morning , when Iran plans to test the long-range Shahab missile , the station said . In May , Iran said it tested a surface-to-surface missile that is capable of reaching parts of Europe . At the time , a White House official said actions in Iran were noteworthy . "  Of course , this is just a test , and obviously there is much work to be done before it can be built and deployed . But I see it as a significant step forward in terms of Iran 's capacity to deliver weapons , " said Gary Samore , special assistant to the president on nonproliferation . The latest test follows Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's disclosure Friday that Iran was building a second uranium enrichment facility . Watch analyst 's view on missile tests , nuclear tensions " The United States and Israel believe that Iran is seeking nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear energy program . Iran has denied the allegation .	NEW : Iran test-fires several types of short - and medium-range missiles NEW : Tests are code-named "  The Great Prophet 4 , " state-run Press TV says Missile tests come days after Iran admits existence of second nuclear facility In May , Iran tested surface-to-surface missile capable of reaching parts of Europe
CNN  -- A powerful storm system brought drenching rains , hail and -- in a few cases -- tornadoes to a wide swath of the central United States on Thursday evening , causing damage but no known fatalities . The National Weather Service reported a number of twisters across several states . That includes a tornado spotted around 8:16 p.m.  9:16 p.m. ET  on the ground in St. Louis County , Missouri , near Glendale . About an hour earlier , the agency reported a "  damaging " twister with quarter-size hail about 50 miles west near Washington . And a tornado was earlier reported in the Osage County community of Rich Fountain . It was not immediately clear whether there was any related injuries or damage in any of these Missouri locales . The weather service also reported twisters Thursday night in the southeastern Missouri community of Doniphan , as well as nearby in Butler County . Denton County , Texas , sheriff 's office spokeswoman Sandi Brackeen said that "  a tornado touched down south of Krum . " Outbuildings and barns , but no known homes or commercial properties , suffered damage , said county emergency services chief Jody Gonzalez . "  We do have significant hail damage across the county -- downed tree limbs , roof and gutter damage , and busted windows , " Gonzalez said , adding that some residents "  took pictures of little rope tornadoes that did touch down . " "  We do not have any reports of injuries , " Gonzalez said . The weather service has n't confirmed a Krum touchdown , but it did report one about 45 miles east , around Princeton , that crossed U.S. 380 . The agency reported a twister in nearby Farmersville , 30 miles northeast of Dallas . While the threat of tornadoes often dies down when the sun and temperatures go down , that was n't necessarily the case Thursday . St. Louis residents actually awoke Thursday to tornado sirens as a cluster of heavy thunderstorms began moving through . The weather service confirmed a tornado touched down about an hour before sunrise in the St. Louis suburb of University City , gouging a half-mile-by-100-yard path . The weather service gave the tornado an initial rating of EF-1 , packing top winds of 112 miles per hour . The twister knocked down trees and ripped up a gas main in University City , but there were no injuries , University City Mayor Shelley Welsch reported via Twitter . St. Louis County officials said about 100 homes had been damaged . All day , it was n't just strong winds that proved a problem . The national Storm Prediction Center noted reports of large hail falling Thursday in parts of Missouri , Arkansas , Kansas , Oklahoma and Texas . Renato Reyes-Gomez sent CNNiReport a picture of golf-ball-size hail in Denton , Texas , saying he can not recall anything "  ever this big . " Authorities in Jefferson County , Missouri , made "  a couple of water rescues and evacuated a couple of mobile homes " due to rising waters there tied to flash-flooding reports that first came in around 2:15 p.m , said the county emergency management spokesman Warren Robinson . While several highways had closed , Robinson did n't know of any significant damage in his eastern Missouri county . Thursday 's spate of tornadoes may have caused some damage and rattled some nerves . But at least it was n't a repeat of what transpired exactly 40 years earlier , when 148 reported twisters killed 330 people across 13 states . The Storm Prediction Center is forecasting a slight risk of severe weather -- down from the moderate risk reported earlier -- for along and around the path of Mississippi River , as well as for a large swath of Texas , including Dallas , Houston , Austin and San Antonio . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Matt Smith , Henry Hanks and Jennifer Moore contributed to this report .	NEW : There 's a slight risk of severe weather for parts of Texas , beyond for Friday Tornadoes are reported in parts of Missouri as well as Texas The threat of twisters continued past sunset in many locales Those states and others , including Oklahoma and Arkansas , also see large hail
CNN  -- Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo has been included on the shortlist for the FIFA World Player of the Year award . The 2008 winner is one of five contenders for the honor alongside Real Madrid team-mate Kaka and Barcelona trio Andres Iniesta , Lionel Messi and Xavi . Ronaldo transferred from Manchester United to the Bernabeu for a world record fee in the region of $ 130 million in July , while Brazil playmaker Kaka joined from AC Milan in the summer . Argentina 's Messi and Spain midfield duo Iniesta and Xavi were at the forefront of Barcelona 's treble-winning success , which saw the Catalan club claim the Champions League , the Primera Division title and the Copa del Rey . Messi is favorite to land the gong after recently winning the Ballon d'Or award for the European Player of the Year . The nominees were confirmed following a poll of national teams ' captains and coaches from a list drawn up of FIFA Football Committee experts . The winnerswill be announced at the FIFA World Player Gala on December 21 in Zurich , Switzerland . Also at the gala the best 11 players of the year , as chosen by over 50,000 professional players from all over the world , will be honored in the FIFA/FIFPro World XI -- while the FIFA Puskas Award will be presented to the player who has scored the ` most beautiful goal ' during the past year .	2008 winner Cristiano Ronaldo is included in the nominations for FIFA World Player of the Year The Real Madrid forward one of five players on the shortlist , all with either Madrid or Barcelona Lionel Messi is favorite to land the gong after recently winning the Ballon d'Or award for European Player of the Year
CNN  -- Qatari football fans had a tantalizing glimpse into the future as some of the best players in world strutted their stuff in a special friendly match in Doha Thursday night . Cristiano Ronaldo for Real Madrid and Paris Saint Germain 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic topped the bill for a prestige friendly , which Real won 1-0 . The pair had last locked horns in Portugal and Sweden 's 2014 World Cup playoff match last November where Ronaldo 's brilliance proved the difference over the two legs . Qatar has won the right to host the 2022 finals and although Ronaldo and Ibrahimovic are unlikely to have extended their careers to play in that World Cup , similar quality is sure to be on view . What time of the year the competition will take place is the big question that has proved so controversial , with FIFA examining the possibility of switching from the traditional summer slot to the European winter . Conditions for Thursday 's friendly in front of a capacity crowd at the Khalifa International Stadium were near perfect for football , with a cooling light drizzle . Ideal for Ronaldo and his like , but just down the road fellow superstar Rafael Nadal was kept waiting for his quarterfinal match in the Qatar Open tennis against Ernests Gulbis , before winning in straight sets . Temperatures during the summer in Qatar can sometimes reach 50 degrees C , which is perplexing football 's administrators as well as local organizers , who have promised air-conditioned stadiums should the original dates be kept in the footballing calendar . Real , who resume competition in Spain 's La Liga at the weekend , fielded a mixture of established first teamers like Ronaldo , Xabi Alonso and Sergio Ramos with some fringe players and youngsters . It was two of them that combined to score the only goal of the match in the 19th minute as Alvaro Morata produced a clever defense-splitting pass for young striker Jese to convert past PSG goakeeper Salvatore Sirigu . Ibrahimovic , who scored 47 goals in 58 games in 2013 , showed his quality as French champions PSG looked to equalize . He twice set up Edinson Cavani , but the Uruguay striker wasted both opportunities . Ibrahimovic might have got on the scoresheet after the break but he headed over , the first of a number of chances for PSG , who had the better of the play . Ronaldo also gave some thrilling glimpses of the quality which could earn him FIFA World Player of the Year accolade later this month , but failed to increase Real 's slender lead . At the final whistle Real 's coach Carlo Ancelotti shook hands with the man who replaced him at PSG , Laurent Blanc and both looked satisfied with a run-out for their teams ahead of weekend competitive action . PSG are Qatari-owned and will likely repeat the exercise next year with reports suggesting Real are slated again as part of the compensation they paid the Parisian club for acquiring Ancelotti .	Real Madrid beat Paris Saint Germain 1-0 in friendly in Qatar Goal from Jese in the first half settled the match Star players Cristiano Ronaldo and Zlatan Ibrahimovic in line-ups Qatar will be hosting 2022 World Cup
Istanbul  CNN  -- Kurdish rebels handed over eight Turkish hostages to a Turkish delegation in northern Iraq on Wednesday , a lawmaker from the delegation told CNN . "  This is a very important step . ... This shows that there can be a democratic solution to the Kurdish issue , " said Adil Kurt , a parliament member from Turkey 's pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party . Kurt spoke to CNN by telephone in northern Iraq , where he was traveling with the released hostages to the Turkish border . "  It is a show of goodwill that they were released without any preconditions . " The group had kidnapped the eight in various eastern Turkish provinces on different dates , Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency reported . Many observers and commentators in Turkey call the hostage release an important confidence-building step in a nascent peace process now under way between the Turkish government and rebels from the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , a Kurdish separatist group . For the past 30 years , the two sides have been engaged in a bloody guerrilla war that has resulted in the deaths of tens of thousands of people . "  Yes , it 's a concrete step , but it 's a small step , " said Hugh Pope , senior Turkey analyst with the International Crisis Group , an organization that advises on conflict mediation . "  Although , I sincerely believe that both sides want a deal and all kinds of factors have come together to make this one of the best chances to resolve the dispute , I think both sides are very suspicious of the sincerity of the other in reaching a compromise . " For months , discreet discussions have been taking place between the government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Abdullah Ocalan , the imprisoned leader of the PKK . Ocalan is being held in a Turkish jail on an island in the Marmara Sea . He launched the PKK 's war against the Turkish state in the early 1980s , as part of a campaign to carve out a homeland in the Middle East for Kurds . The Kurds are the largest ethnic minority in Turkey , making up roughly 20 % of the population . They have also long been subjected to policies of persecution and were referred to for decades as "  mountain Turks . " During Erdogan 's decade as prime minister , however , Turkey has relaxed laws that prosecute the expression of Kurdish identity .	"  This shows that there can be a democratic solution to the Kurdish issue , " official says News agency : The 8 were kidnapped in eastern Turkish provinces on different dates Turkish government and PKK rebels are seeking peace amid a guerrilla war Rebels aim to carve out a homeland in the Middle East for Kurds
CNN  -- Firefighters in Detroit , Michigan , grappled with 85 fires in a four-hour period Tuesday night , officials said . "  A lot of these fires were due to high winds and downed wires , " said Karen Dumas , a city spokeswoman . There were no reports of deaths or injuries , she said . "  We had winds from 30-50 mph and have a number of downed power wires , " said Detroit Fire Commissioner James Mack Jr. "  We are attributing some of the fires to downed power wires which makes more fires with the wind being so strong . " Mack said that between 8 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. the fire department responded to 140 calls for wires down before the evening outbreak . Detroit firefighters received assistance from fire departments in the neighboring towns of Warren , Dearborn and Harper Woods . "  It 's a matter of public safety , " Dumas said . "  We have enough resources to manage our daily demands , but that was an unusual and concentrated number of fires . " There also was at least one report of suspected arson associated with the fires , Mack said . A man in the city 's northeast section is being questioned .	The fire department responded to 140 calls for wires down Fire crews from Dearborn , Warren and Harper Woods assisted High winds are believed to have knocked down power lines
The Hague , Netherlands  CNN  -- Prosecutors in the long-awaited war crimes trial of Radovan Karadzic said they will push ahead Tuesday , though the Bosnian Serb leader is expected to be a no-show once again . On Monday -- the opening day of the trial -- the court was forced to adjourn after Karadzic refused to appear , saying he did not have enough time to prepare . Karadzic , who is accused of masterminding the worst massacre in Europe since World War II , is representing himself . "  Obviously , it is the court 's preference for Karadzic to attend , " said Nerma Jelacic , spokeswoman for the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia . "  But if he chooses not to attend , then some facility will be provided to him to allow him to watch the court 's proceedings from his prison cell . " The court can not force a defendant to appear . Karadzic , as a "  self-representing accused , " is the only one who can cross-examine witnesses and speak in court about the substance of the charges against him . However , judges can impose a lawyer on Karadzic if he continues to refuse to cooperate . Karadzic faces 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity against Bosnian Muslims , Bosnian Croats and other non-Serbian civilians during the brutal and bloody dissolution of Yugoslavia in the 1990s . Bosnia and Herzegovina were a part of Yugoslavia at the time . The conflict introduced the phrase "  ethnic cleansing " into the lexicon describing war crimes , as different factions in multi-ethnic Yugoslavia sought to kill or drive out other groups . Karadzic was arrested last year after more than a decade on the run and was found to have been living in Belgrade , the capital of Serbia , and practicing alternative medicine in disguise . In a letter dated Wednesday and made public Thursday , Karadzic complained to the International Criminal Tribunal that he had not received the relevant case material on time . He also said there was too much material to go through , even had he received it promptly . "  I ask Your Excellencies -- why and how is it possible that the prosecution is allowed to literally bury me under a million of pages , only to start disclosing relevant material many months after my arrest ? " he wrote . "  Why and how is it possible that the prosecution is allowed to file its final indictment against me on the eve of the planned trial date ? " He promised to continue his preparations in "  the most intensive way " and inform the court when he is ready . The genocide charges against Karadzic stem partly from killings in Srebrenica , the most notorious massacre of the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina . Memories of the massacre remain raw . Watch the video Prosecutors at the U.N. war crimes tribunal accuse Karadzic of responsibility . "  On 8 March 1995 , Karadzic instructed Bosnian Serb forces under his command to create an unbearable situation of total insecurity with no hope of further survival for the inhabitants of Srebrenica , amongst other places , " the tribunal said in a statement this month . The Hague indictment also said Karadzic committed genocide when forces under his command killed non-Serbs during and after attacks in more than a dozen Bosnian municipalities early in the war . Karadzic , who faces life in prison if he is convicted , denies the charges . The court can not impose the death penalty . The 1992-95 Bosnian war was the longest of the wars spawned by the breakup of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s . Backed by the government of then-Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic , Bosnian Serb forces seized control of more than half the country and launched a campaign against the Muslim and Croat populations . Karadzic was removed from power in 1995 , when the Dayton Accords that ended the Bosnian war barred anyone accused of war crimes from holding office . Milosevic died in 2006 while on trial at The Hague .	Court spokeswoman : Radovan Karadzic can watch trial from cell Ex-Bosnian Serb leader on genocide charges at International Criminal Tribunal Prosecutors seek to impose lawyer on Karadzic if he refuses to cooperate Karadzic was arrested last year in Belgrade after more than a decade on the run
New Delhi  CNN  U.S. President Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi are pals , if you have n't heard . The pair have "  chemistry , " according to the White House and Indian officials . They 've shared impromptu strolls on the National Mall and , on Sunday , a long meander through a New Delhi rose garden . Indian weavers are hurriedly piecing together saris as gifts for the first lady . The normally congested Indian capital has been rid of its stray monkeys -- at least in the places Obama might visit . And local television networks are running entire pieces speculating the two leaders might take a selfie . Here 's a highlight reel of social media 's favorite Obama and Modi broments so far : In case anyone doubted the deep bond between Obama and Modi  and how could they ?  , Air Force One 's arrival on Sunday put any questions to rest . Breaking with established protocol -- and surprising television commentators on the dozen or so local news broadcasters -- Modi showed up on the tarmac to be the first to greet Obama in India . And it was n't just with a handshake . Modi pulled the travel-weary commander in chief for the "  bear hug " seen around the world -- though like most unplanned hugs in front of a billion-viewer television audience , it was a little awkward . The two leaders later followed it up with another warm embrace after a joint press conference , stoking rumors of a "  bromance . " When Modi visited Obama at the White House in September , the visit ended with Obama blowing up his set-in-stone schedule and taking the visiting Prime Minister for a stroll at the Martin Luther King memorial on the National Mall . The strolling continued in New Delhi . Obama and Modi , punctuating their bilateral talks , sauntered side by side through the formal gardens at Hyderabad House , a stately 1920s home that now acts as a ceremonial venue . Cameras caught them murmuring away to each other , but reporters could not hear what they said . After the stroll they sat down for a cup of tea . Modi 's camp wasted no time posting a Facebook album of highlights . When Obama and Modi last sat down for dinner , at the White House in September , only one of them actually ate . Modi was midway through a religious fast that allowed only warm water . This time around , solid foods were consumed by all . A readout of lunch showed vegetarian and nonvegetarian menus , each with more than a dozen dishes . Even so , Indian celebrity chef Saransh Goila criticized its lack of variety . Dinner was an even bigger affair : Held at the presidential palace , the event featured Indian dancers , a receiving line and , of course , a pair of heartfelt toasts . India and the U.S. share the "  natural sense of kinship " their leaders enjoy , Modi said . Obama went with a passage from Walt Whitman 's "  Passage to India " : "  The earth to be spann 'd , connected by network , / The people to become brothers and sisters . " "  Here , in our time , these words have come to pass , " Obama said . The leaders poked fun at each other throughout the day . During a press conference , Obama remarked that Modi was greeted like a "  Bollywood star " when he visited New York 's Madison Square Garden last year . Obama also said they compared how much sleep they 're getting , prompting polite laughter from the press corps . "  And it turns out that Modi is getting even less sleep than me . But of course that 's because he 's still new . After you 've been doing this for about six years , maybe he 'll be able to get an extra hour . " Not everyone was impressed with his answer , however . And this is just the first day of Obama 's historic visit . Stay tuned for highlights from Day Two , which has a parade on the itinerary . Modi and Obama 's surprising rapport Obama 's trip to my homeland : Proof of India 's rise again	Indian PM Narendra Modi greeted President Obama on the tarmac Sunday with a warm hug The "  bear hug " was just one memorable broment from the first day of Obama 's visit
African safaris have upped their game . We 're not talking about the "  Big Five " beasts -- lion , leopard , elephant , rhino , buffalo -- that people pay top dollar to see . We 're talking about the accommodations . For those with budgets as grand as the sweeping plains of southern and eastern Africa , exploring the wilderness need n't come at the expense of luxury . Lake Manyara Tree Lodge  Lake Manyara National Park , Tanzania Lake Manyara is the only permanent lodge within Lake Manyara National Park -- it comprises 10 stilted tree house suites in the boughs of ancient mahogany trees . The words "  tree house " might be misleading -- there 's not a splintered plank in sight . Instead , there are free-standing bath tubs  complete with a nightly sprinkling of rose petals  and enormous bathrooms with twin sinks and split-level living areas . After dusty safaris , guests are welcomed back with gin and tonics and cold , scented towels . Lake Manyara Tree Lodge , Lake Manyara National Park , Tanzania ; +27 11 809 4300 ; from $ 555 per person per night Cottars 1920s Camp  Masai Mara , Kenya As revealed by the date in its name , Cottars harks back to a "  golden age " of safari by kitting out staff in vintage livery and furnishing quarters with antiques . On the outskirts of the Masai Mara , the camp has 10 tents in total -- five doubles , four family-sized and one for honeymooners . The latter have fireplaces and separate living rooms . Guests can eat in the well appointed communal dining area or opt for a candlelit meal within the privacy of their own tent . Cottars 1920s Camp , Masai Mara , Kenya ; +254 7337 73377 ; From $ 520 per person per night Mahali Mzuri  Motorogi Conservancy , Kenya The 12 suites at Richard Branson 's safari camp are tents in name only . The units all have enormous canopied verandas replete with roll-top bath tub and infinity pool . After a day of lion spotting , guests retreat to the Nasaro spa tent where the signature treatment is a "  healing journey " involving rose quartz and amethyst . Dinner is served in a communal area but staff can arrange champagne barbecues in the bush . Mahali Mzuri , Motorogi Conservancy , Masai Mara , Kenya ; +44 208 600 0430 ; from $ 800 per room per night Bushmans Kloof Wilderness Retreat  Western Cape , South Africa Bushmans Kloof Nature Reserve makes no pretense of being under canvas , housing its 16 luxurious rooms and suites within a main lodge or individual cottages . Although the Bushmans Kloof Wilderness Reserve is n't a Big Five reserve , it does contain bushman 's rock paintings and is home to the endangered Cape Mountain Zebra . Those staying in the main lodge get their own private chef and ranger along with a private pool and library . The spa is enormous , with a pool , crystal steam room , health bar and gym . Bushmans Kloof , Western Cape , South Africa ; +27 27 482 8200 ; from $ 230 per person per night Royal Malewane  Kruger National Park , South Africa Nicolas Sarkozy , Bono and Microsoft billionaire Paul Allen have all stayed at this luxurious safari camp , where highlights include private infinity pools , enormous , window-side baths and personal butlers , rangers and trackers . Even the safari guides are classy -- one of them is Wilson Masiya , one of only two "  master trackers "  the highest rank a wildlife tracker can achieve  working in southern Africa . Royal Malawene , Kruger National Park , South Africa ; +27 15 793 0150 ; from $ 1,197 per person per night Ivory Lodge  Lion Sands Reserve , South Africa There are no mini-bars at the Ivory Lodge , only maxi-bars rammed with cured meats , chocolate , nougat and fruit . There are six plush villas in total -- all come with private infinity pools and spacious decking areas rigged out with telescopes . This area of Kruger National Park is unaffected by migration so the wildlife viewing is consistently good , and is especially popular with bird watchers . Ivory Lodge , Lion Sands Reserve , South Africa ; +27 13 735 5000 ; from $ 503 per person per night Khwai River Lodge  Moremi Wildlife Reserve , Botswana A safari camp by the company that operates the Venice Simplon-Orient-Express is never going to be too shabby . Khwai River Lodge offers enormous private viewing platforms , complimentary Zeiss binoculars , and an intercom system to summon room service . The private suite features an infinity pool in which guests can wallow while watching hippos on the riverbank overlooking the pool doing the same . Khwai River Lodge , Moremi Wildlife Reserve , Botswana ; +27 21 483 1600 ; from $ 875 per person per night Tswalu Kalahari  South Africa Owned by De Beers diamond magnate Nicky Oppenheimer , Tswalu Kalahari is modeled on a traditional Tswana village -- albeit one that 's clearly won the lottery . Guests do n't just get their very own enormous tent , complete with fireplace and mini-bar , they get their own ranger , guide and Land Rover . This means itineraries are totally flexible . The camp can accommodate a maximum of just 30 people who eat in the communal dining area or on their tent 's private deck , with just a telescope and bottle of vintage wine for distractions . Tswalu Kalahari , Kalahari , Kenya ; +27 53 781 9331 ; from $ 933 per person per night Chinzombo  South Luangwa National Park , Zambia Going on safari could seem like a nuisance for anyone ensconced in the luxury at Chinzombo . The camp 's six villas , which opened earlier this year , all have private dining areas , lounges , libraries and tree-shaded pools with viewing decks . There 's also a large yoga area and a spa . For those who do tear themselves away to spot some animals , the camp is surrounded by 60 acres of private land , and its position on the banks of the Luangwa River means there 's no shortage of wildlife . Guests also get direct access into one of the most game-rich areas of the South Luangwa National Park . Chinzombo , South Luangwa National Park , Zambia , +44 1980 849160 ; from $ 254 per person per night Four Seasons Safari Lodge  Serengeti National Park , Tanzania For those that want safari and the comfort of a hotel , there 's the Four Seasons Safari Lodge . There are 77 guestrooms , 12 suites  with private plunge pools  and five villas -- all of which come with rooms large enough to accommodate a herd of bison . At night , hotel staff armed with flashlights are posted along the hotel 's elevated walkways in case guests accidentally stumble into the bush . The best feature is the hotel 's most popular television channel . Sadly , it 's not CNN , but a live stream from a web cam positioned over the local watering hole . Four Seasons Safari Lodge ; Serengeti National Park , Tanzania ; +255 778 888 888 ; from around $ 990 per night	Africa 's "  super safari " camps and hotels bring luxury to the bush Bono , Richard Branson and Nicolas Sarkozy are some of the guests at these "  camps " Kenya 's Cottars 1920s Camp Cottars kits out staff in vintage livery
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi government says it has banned all organized visits to Saddam Hussein 's grave amid concern over support for the late dictator 's former party . An Iraqi poet , left , gives a recital while children carry pictures of Saddam Hussein over his grave . A Cabinet statement on Monday said it had directed authorities in Salaheddin province and the Education Ministry to "  take all necessary measures " to prevent such outings . The former dictator , along with his two sons and other relatives , is buried in his hometown of al-Ouja near Tikrit in Salaheddin north of Baghdad . And , Hussein supporters and schoolchildren have made visits there on the late dictator 's birthday and hanging date . There have been videos on sites such as YouTube of people at the site . One video shows schoolchildren at the grave in December ; they carried banners at Hussein 's grave that said "  We wo n't forget you father " and they read pro-Hussein poetry . The government move was made after a recent visit by schoolchildren to the grave , but no reason was given for the decision . However , the move reflects the concern of Iraq 's government over the presence of the Baath Party in Iraq , Saddam Hussein 's political movement . The party and its symbols have been banned in Iraq . On Saturday , government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh told reporters that while there can be government reconciliation with individual Baathists who have not committed crimes such as killing Iraqis , there can never be national reconciliation with the party itself . Salaheddin Gov. Mutasher Hussein Alaiwi , said he had not received any official directives yet , but said he would implement Cabinet orders when he receives them . The governor said that would apply to organized group visits , but they would not stop individual ones . A resident of al-Ouja told CNN the government had no right to stop visitors from going to their former president 's tomb . "  Even if they put police and army outside the door , they will not stop us from visiting our president , our leader and our father , " said Mohammed al - Nasiri . Hussein was executed in 2006 after an Iraqi court sentenced him to death for crimes against humanity .	Iraqi government bans all organized visits to Saddam Hussein 's grave Former dictator buried in his hometown of al-Ouja near Tikrit , north of Baghdad Government move was made after a recent visit by schoolchildren to the grave Move reflects concern of Iraq 's government over presence of the Baath Party
SEATTLE , Washington  CNN  -- Clifton Mitchell helped register nearly 2,000 voters for the community group ACORN . But not one of them actually existed . Clifton Mitchell filled out voter cards using fake birthdays , Social Security numbers and baby-name books . "  I regret it . I paid the price for it , " he said . Mitchell was convicted last year and spent nearly three months in prison . He 's one of the few ACORN workers convicted of voter registration fraud . Today , he lives with his wife and two boys , ages 3 and 1 , in a small apartment in suburban Seattle , Washington . Mitchell said he scammed the system because , "  I needed money ; I had to support my family and I was new to the area . It was the only job I had . " Mitchell said ACORN threatened to close the office if he and his team did n't meet their quota to register 13 to 20 voters a day . So , without consulting their supervisors , he said , they came up with a plan . "  We came up with the idea : Let 's make fraudulent cards . I tell my crew , ' I do n't care how you get 'em , just get 'em , ' " Mitchell recalled . Watch Mitchell explain how they created voters " They took addresses from homeless shelters , used fake birthdays and Social Security numbers and took names from baby books to create voters out of thin air . "  Every day I 'd go to the library and get a newspaper , " Mitchell said . "  I had one guy who 'd go to the phone book . Everyone had different methods . " The secretary of state called it "  the worst case of voter registration fraud in the history of the state of Washington . " ACORN was fined $ 25,000 and ordered to improve its oversight . The group is under investigation in 10 states for voter registration fraud , and Republican presidential candidate John McCain 's campaign has accused ACORN of trying to rig the election for Democrats . But University of Washington law professor Eric Schnapper says the idea of fake cards turning into real votes is a myth . "  There are no known instances of fictitious people actually voting , " Schnapper said . "  You look at some of the names : Mickey Mouse . Dr. Seuss . Mickey Mouse only votes in Disneyland . He 's not going to show up at a critical precinct in West Virginia or North Carolina . " Schnapper said that if anyone should be upset , it 's ACORN . "  The victims of this are the people who paid these workers $ 8 an hour to go out and find legitimate voters , and ... they did n't get their $ 8 worth ; they put down phony names , " Schnapper said . Schnapper said he 's worked on Republican and Democratic campaigns and has paid people to hand out leaflets or register voters . He said some of the workers do their jobs and some do n't . ACORN said it has registered well more than 1 million voters , most of them Democrats . Though the group is under investigation in a number of swing states , such as Ohio and Nevada , amid accusations that it turned in fake voter registration cards , Schnapper said there 's no evidence that any worker intended to commit voter fraud and actually take those names , produce phony identification and vote on Election Day . Threats of criminal prosecution may scare some groups into closing voter registration drives , according to Schnapper . It could scare actual voters away from the polls as well , he said , "  and that really does affect the outcomes of the election . " A report from the nonpartisan Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University Law School supports his claim . Researchers reviewed voter fraud claims across the country and found that most were caused by technical glitches , clerical errors or mistakes made by voters . One other finding : A person is more likely to be struck by lightning than to impersonate another voter at the polls . ACORN has recently released a video on the Internet called "  Fight Back : The Truth About ACORN . " It uses a mix of interviews and video to fight what the group calls Republican efforts to suppress voter turnout . CNN asked Clifton Mitchell whether he and his team , at any point , got together to try to rig the election . "  When I did it , when my team did it , it was n't to steal any election , " Mitchell said . "  They 're just trying to keep a job . But understand , I blame myself . I can only blame myself . "	Clifton Mitchell is one of few ACORN workers convicted of voter registration fraud Mitchell : ACORN threatened to close his office if workers did n't meet quotas Allegations of voter registration fraud have surfaced in several states Study : Person more likely to get struck by lightning than commit voter fraud
Baseball superstar Alex Rodriguez is n't going down without a fight . But in the process , the slugger may have let out a dirty little secret . Tucked deep in the lawsuit Rodriguez filed Monday against Major League Baseball to get his suspension vacated is an exhaustive report about his alleged steroid use . And boy , is it detailed . The report alleges injections of banned drugs , secret meetings and big money payments . Part of the 34-page document details Rodriguez 's alleged cocktail of banned substances to the milligram . Some of these accusations have leaked out in recent days as Rodriguez 's fight with baseball has gotten uglier and uglier . But this report , compiled by arbitrator Fredric Horowitz , is a graphic look at the case against Rodriguez . Trying to save his career Rodriguez filed his lawsuit Monday in New York 's Southern District against Major League Baseball in an effort to get back on the field . Two days earlier , an arbitration panel ruled that he would serve a 162-game doping suspension , the longest in baseball history . So Rodriguez sued league Commissioner Bud Selig and even his own union , the Major League Baseball Players Association . In the lawsuit , Rodriguez 's lawyers say the actions against the slugger have been a "  carefully orchestrated smear campaign " and the suspension should be vacated . The lawsuit also alleges that the baseball union did not protect Rodriguez from continual leaks of "  prejudicial information " from baseball officials . The player 's union has denied that allegation . "  It is unfortunate that Alex Rodriguez has chosen to sue the Players Association . His claim is completely without merit , and we will aggressively defend ourselves and our members from these baseless charges , " said Tony Clark , head of the union . Aging slugger All this comes as the clock is ticking for A-Rod . The suspension will not only cost Rodriguez $ 25 million in salary , it also further clouds the groundbreaking career of a player who 'll turn 40 in the 2015 season . Major League Baseball says Rodriguez is dirty . It says he used three different performance-enhancing drugs in a three-year period and had ties to the now-shuttered Biogenesis clinic in South Florida . Biogenesis was an anti-aging clinic that MLB said supplied steroids to at least a dozen baseball players . Rodriguez , fifth on MLB 's list of all-time home run leaders , says he did n't use performance-enhancing drugs at that time . He says he has not failed a drug test . In court documents , his lawyers accused Horowitz of being unfair . "  Horowitz exhibited a manifest disregard for the law , " the lawsuit alleged . "  He did so in a way which ensured such testimony would be selective and one-sided . " Gummies and food The Horowitz report seemed to be mostly based on Rodriguez 's relationship with Anthony Bosch , who ran the Biogenesis clinic . The two were introduced by Rodriguez 's cousin in 2009 or 2010 , according to the report . By late 2010 , Rodriguez was a client of Bosch , paying thousands of dollars for banned substances , the report says . The two became close . They created their own language to camouflage the performance-enhancing drugs . Testosterone cream was called "  pink food , " and lozenges containing testosterone were called "  gummies . " Melted testosterone was called "  liquid soup . " In 2012 , the pair spoke on the phone 53 times and exchanged 556 text messages , the report said . In one exchange , detailed in the report , Bosch messaged Rodriguez , saying he was going to pick up his "  meds . " Rodriguez wrote back : "  Not meds , dude . Food . " In another message Rodriguez warns Bosch : "  Erase all these messages . " Clearly , somebody did n't .	Lawsuit contains a 34-page report with doping allegations Report alleges injections of banned drugs , secret meetings and big money payments Alex Rodriguez received the longest drug-related suspension in MLB history He denies using performance-enhancing drugs in recent years
Cincinnati  CNN  -- Charles Manson casts a long shadow . No one knows that better than his grandson , Jason Freeman , who is speaking out for the first time about growing up under , what he calls , a "  family curse " started by Manson and his so-called "  Manson family . " "  I 'm personally , I 'm coming out , " says the 6-foot-2 kickboxer and cage fighter . Freeman , whose father killed himself in 1993 , is "  coming out , " he says , because he wants the real Manson family to stop hiding from a name that still has the power to evoke fear . Today , Freeman wants to understand his roots and himself a bit better , two things denied him as a child . He knew from a young age that Charles Manson was his grandfather , but it never registered till one day in eighth-grade history class , said Freeman . Our teacher " ... was talking about Charles Manson and I 'm looking around like , are there people staring at me ? " Forbidden from talking about Charles Manson to his school friends lest they tease and taunt him , Freeman always felt different from the other kids . Even behind closed doors and with his own family , talk about Charles Manson was discouraged . He was not permitted to ask his grandmother , Rosalie , about Charles Manson , the man she married in 1955 . It was a ghostly elephant roaming through his life . More than anything , Freeman wants to connect with the father he knew only through an occasional letter or gift . He believes his father , who changed his name to Jay White , purposely stayed away from him , not wanting to tarnish his childhood in the same way his had been . "  He just could n't let it go , " reckons Freeman . "  He could n't live it down . He could n't live down who his father was . " Death on a desolate highway Jay White , who was cursed with the name Charles Manson Jr. , killed himself on June 29 , 1993 , on a desolate section of highway in Burlington , Colorado , just west of the Kansas state line . The death certificate offers few clues as to why there and what finally pushed him over the edge . The document indicates it was about 10:15 a.m. when he died from a "  self inflicted gunshot wound to the head " at "  exit 438 on interstate 70 . " Freeman , who wrestles , fights and suffers the pain of tattoos in his off-time , makes a living working on oil rigs in western Pennsylvania . He is a classically tough guy . But when it comes to the father he never met and when he thinks of what he went through as a child , he tears up . When asked what he 'd like his father to know , Freeman gets emotional and , fighting back tears , he whispers , "  I want him to know ... he missed out on a lot . " Specifically , he wishes his father were there to enjoy his grandchildren and see the life he has built for himself . "  I see my kids , you know , and that 's kinda where I get shook up , " he says the tears rolling . "  I would hate to see them grow up without a father . That 's important . Very important . " Freeman wishes he could reverse time and tell his father on the stretch of Interstate 70 back in June of 1993 that whatever he was feeling at the moment would pass and a better life lay ahead . Another Manson offspring , another search The desire to know one 's father and to understand oneself is the same force , the same primal instinct , driving Matthew Roberts , a 44-year-old Los Angeles musician . Roberts , who was adopted as an infant , sought out his birth parents in 1998 . Through an adoption agency , he found his birth mother ; according to Roberts , she was a reclusive and psychologically troubled woman named Terri living in Wisconsin . As they got to know each other , Terri eventually dropped a small bomb on Roberts that set him on a 14-year search for his father . Terri told him that Charles Manson was his father and that she had met Manson in San Francisco in 1967 at an orgy . He was one of four men there , and she was certain Manson had impregnated her . Roberts did n't believe her except that he looked shockingly similar to Manson . He then wrote to Manson in prison , explaining the situation . To Robert 's surprise , prisoner B33920 wrote back . Manson , in his frantic style and chicken scratch penmanship , confirmed to Roberts that he was at the 1967 orgy and remembered his mother , Roberts said . He related stories that his mother had told him that only she , or his father , would know . What seemed like fantasy was fast becoming reality . Roberts twice tried to get a DNA match with genetic material from Charles Manson , but the samples were contaminated . But says Dr. Michael Baird , chief science officer at DNA Diagnostics Center in Fairfield , Ohio , there is another way to establish the family link . If Matthew Roberts and Jason Freeman are related , they will have an exact copy of Charles Manson 's Y chromosome . "  The male line is easier to compare , " said Baird , "  because the Y chromosome stands out so strong . We can get a very good correlation if the two are related . So curious were both men to once and for all solve the mystery , CNN took the extraordinary step to have both men 's DNA taken and the results compared . A match seemed likely . Same members of notorious family ? The men seem predisposed to being related . Their lives run along parallel tracks . Both are drawn to fame and fortune . Roberts is lead singer of a band called New Rising Son . Freeman is a fighter who goes by the name Freebird . But both men have also had to settle for doing more conventional jobs to pay the bills . Freeman has his oil rig job ; Roberts is a DJ at the Blue Zebra Cabaret in Los Angeles ' San Fernando Valley . Both men have self-published their own books . Freeman 's "  Knocking out the Devil " and Roberts ' "  The First Rays of the New Rising Sun . " But the question remained : Is Charles Manson the common denominator in the lives of these two men ? It took DNA Diagnostic Center 48 hours to resolve a mystery that Roberts chased for 14 years . With both men in the same room , Baird told the men what they found . "  We did a battery of DNA tests . We studied your DNA along several points , and we have concluded you do not share a common biological ancestry . " The news dropped on the room like a fact etched in lead . Jason Freeman exclaimed "  holy cow . " Freeman hoped to gain an uncle and perhaps a bit more insight into his family and his father 's life . Matthew Roberts was visibly shaken as though he had just been robbed . Roberts was upset . "  Now there 's no chance of knowing who my father is , " said Roberts . "  That 's the only lead I had , so now I have no chance of meeting or knowing my biological father . " Most people would be overjoyed to discover that Charles Manson was n't related to them , but Roberts now feels his 14-year search for a father has ended in a cul de sac , without definition and not sure where to go next . Such is the power of wanting to know where we come from and trying to make sense of our present lives by knowing our past . For both men , the search continues . CNN 's Michael Cary contributed to this report .	Two men grapple with same heavy burden -- they might both descend from Charles Manson Cage fighter Jason Freeman says his family never discussed his infamous grandfather L.A. musician Matthew Roberts learns Manson may have fathered him in a 1967 orgy Moment of truth with DNA evidence : Are the two bound through the blood of Manson ?
CNN  -- Video of a fresh-faced Susan Boyle confidently singing a Barbra Streisand track to a room full of football fans in 1984 has been unearthed . Susan Boyle as she looked during a performance filmed at a Scottish football club in 1984 . The "  Britain 's Got Talent " singing sensation , looking trim and a bit like Abba 's Anni-Frid Lyngstad , is invited on to the stage at Motherwell FC 's Fir Park Social Club to take part in a singing competition between rival fans by a man wearing a checked coat and bow tie . Boyle , who had to wait 25 more years to be catapulted into the spotlight via her television appearance in front of Simon Cowell last month , quickly chats with the band before they launch into a low-key , lounge-style version of Streisand 's "  The Way We Were . " Boyle , her hair style a classic 1980s perm , confidently looks down the barrel of the camera , giving meaningful expressions as she moves slowly round the stage . Watch latest Boyle video At one point she even takes the hand of a pearl-necklace wearing middle-aged woman in the front row and sings directly to her . Watch how things have changed in Boyle 's hometown " When she finishes , the crowd breaks into rapturous applause and Boyle gets a peck on the cheek from the MC before slipping quietly back to her table in the smoke-tinged room . The video became public Friday after it was handed to Scotland 's Daily Record newspaper . Gerry McGuinness , 61 , who watched Susan sing live that night and kept the video , told the Record that he remembered the evening clearly . Watch Boyle sing on Larry King " "  I can remember that she was a shy young girl , but also very attractive back then -- she turned a few heads when she came into the club . "  Even back then , I do n't think anyone expected too much from her because she was so shy , but when she began singing people took notice . " The 47-year-old Boyle 's appearance on "  Britain 's Got Talent , " where she sang "  I Dreamed a Dream " from the musical "  Les Miserables , " has now been viewed more than a 100 million times on YouTube . Watch Larry King interview Susan Boyle " She famously told the show 's hosts that she had never been kissed and lived alone with her cat in Blackburn , West Lothian , Scotland . The world 's media beat a path to her home , from where she even appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Boyle has been installed by bookmakers as the favorite to win the show which , as part of the first prize , includes the right to perform in front of the queen .	New video of Susan Boyle singing to room full of football fans unearthed 25-year-old footage taken at Motherwell FC 's social club Boyle , sporting a perm and looking trim , belts out Barbra Streisand track Singing sensation was catapulted into spotlight after TV appearance last month
Washington  CNN  -- A computer hacker responsible for creating and operating a massive scam that infected as many as 12 million computers worldwide has been identified and arrested , authorities said Wednesday . The FBI said in a news statement a 23-year-old Slovene known as "  Iserdo " was arrested last week for his role in a cyber scam that stole passwords from websites and financial institutions . Authorities believe the Slovenian citizen is responsible for creating and selling the Mariposa botnet . Botnets are a network of computers infected with a malicious kind of robot software which allow remote access , often without the owner 's knowledge . Police suspect this particular botnet was built with a computer virus known as the "  Butterfly Bot , " the news statement said . It was designed to steal computer users ' credit card and bank information , launch a denial of service attacks and spread viruses . "  In the last two years , the software used to create the Mariposa botnet was sold to hundreds of other criminals , making it one of the most notorious in the world , " said FBI Director Robert Mueller . "  These cyber intrusions , thefts and frauds undermine the integrity of the Internet and the businesses that rely on it ; they also threaten the privacy and pocketbooks of all who use the Internet . " The significant arrest comes about five months after Spanish authorities arrested three suspected Mariposa botnet operators . These individuals are being prosecuted in Spain , the FBI said . Where "  Iserdo " is being held was not disclosed .	Computer hacker responsible for stealing passwords to financial institutions arrested , says FBI Police identified and arrested a 23-year-old Slovene known as "  Iserdo , " officials announced Wednesday "  Iserdo " is suspected of creating and operating a computer scam that infected some 12 million computers This computer software was one of the "  most notorious in the world , " said FBI Director Robert Mueller
Editor 's Note : Tachi Yamada is the President of the Global Health Program at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . He writes for CNN 's Vital Signs about how the island of Zanzibar has virtually eliminated the disease over the past five years . ZANZIBAR , Tanzania -- I recently accompanied Margaret Chan , Director General of the WHO , and Ray Chambers , U.N. Special Envoy for Malaria , on a trip to Africa to see firsthand the region 's fight against malaria . A hospital ward on the Tanzanian island of Zanzibar stands empty . The single most memorable image of the trip was from a pediatric hospital ward on the Tanzanian island of Zanzibar : a dozen beds and not a single patient in them . Imagine that . I have searing memories of visiting wards much like this elsewhere in the world where there were as many as three children to a bed and more sleeping on the floor , deathly ill with malaria . Where have all the patients gone ? After all , malaria is a big killer in much of the developing world . It is probably the most prevalent disease that mankind has ever suffered . Each year , there are over 250 million cases and almost one million deaths -- most of them young children , and the vast majority in Africa . But in many countries , malaria is also a success story . Since 2000 , the number of reported malaria cases , deaths , or both has declined by at least half in 25 countries . Zanzibar -- a relatively small but striking example -- has virtually eliminated the disease over the past five years . These successes show what a combination of political will , technical resources , and financial commitment can do when applied to a strategy that works . There is no question that leaders and health officials in sub-Saharan Africa and other parts of the world recognize the horrible toll of malaria . In fact , Uganda 's Minister of Health told us that he himself has suffered from malaria three times this year . This understanding of the problem and the availability of tools to address it led the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in 2005 to fund the Malaria Control and Evaluation Program in Africa , which focused on malaria control in Zambia . Our investment was relatively small , but it helped Zambia create a comprehensive and aggressive national plan to fight malaria . With funding from the President 's Malaria Initiative , the World Bank , and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis , and Malaria , Zambia greatly expanded the use of proven tools to prevent and treat the disease , such as the use of indoor spraying with insecticides , distribution of bednets , and effective malaria treatment in government clinics . As a result , in three short years , the malaria incidence in Zambia declined by more than 50 percent , and child mortality from all causes , including malaria , declined by 30 percent . Zambia , Zanzibar , and other success stories provide a beacon of hope for the dream of a world free of malaria , articulated by Bill and Melinda Gates in 2007 when they put out a call to eradicate the disease . Today , there are a number of outspoken people who question the value and true impact of development assistance . The example of malaria shows that with political will , advice on planning , funds to purchase sound , scientifically validated tools , and the courage to measure results objectively , development assistance can have an enormous impact in a short period of time . Where have all the patients gone ? Home , where they can live happier , healthier lives . Let them be the retort to the skeptics of development assistance .	Yamada : The number of malaria cases has declined by at least half in 25 countries Zanzibar has virtually eliminated the disease over the past five years Zambia expanded the use of insecticides , bednets , and appropriate treatment Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation helps funding a malaria control program
CNN  -- Back in 2005 , when he stopped studying third down tendencies long enough to work on a motivational self-help book , Nick Saban kept hammering on one phrase . The book 's title was "  How Good Do You Want to Be ? A Champion 's Tips on How to Lead and Succeed at Work and in Life . " The phrase the University of Alabama 's football coach was stuck on was mercifully shorter . "  Eliminate the clutter . " The clutter is you . The clutter is me . The clutter is this story , another horn in the vast media brass section trumpeting a college football game taking on Homeric proportions . "  It 's everything out there that can take away from your focus , " said Saban 's co-writer , Brian Curtis . This week Saban -- called "  the most powerful coach in sports " by Forbes magazine in 2008 -- is up to his furrowed brow in clutter . His No. 2 Crimson Tide plays No. 1 Louisiana State Saturday night in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , in the most anticipated college football game in years . Both teams are undefeated , and it 's the first ever SEC regular season game matching the country 's two top teams . SI.com : LSU vs. Alabama really does mean everything to some , and that 's OK Saban , who just turned 60 , is not exactly a willing contributor to the ruckus that surrounds big-time college football . When his own players doused him with the traditional Gatorade victory shower after Alabama won the BCS Championship Game in January , 2010 , he looked genuinely irked by the display . Saban 's no-nonsense nature -- he and a statue of him outside Alabama 's football stadium are tied for number of memorable one-liners -- perfectly equips him for a moment like Saturday night . "  It 's fun to play in games like this , " Saban said this week . And then he broke out the wet blanket . "  But I also think it 's important to be able to stay focused on what you need to do to play well . You ca n't drain yourself emotionally because of all the things that are happening surrounding the game . " SI.com : Alabama hosts LSU in the Game of the Year The Saban method certainly has paid off . His overall college coaching record is 137-53-1 , a .717 winning percentage . He has won as many national titles  two  as all-time major college wins leader Joe Paterno . But Saban is the only coach to win a BCS championship with two different programs . It is a testament to both Saban 's coaching genius and his tumbleweed past that his DNA is on both programs involved in Saturday 's showdown . Here 's how he got there : The son of a West Virginia gas station owner , he began coaching as a grad assistant at alma mater Kent State in 1973 . Over a lengthy career , he has been employed by nine different college programs , and three more NFL franchises . Following four years as head coach at Michigan State , Saban was brought to Baton Rouge in 2000 after LSU had gone 7-15 the previous two seasons . Within four years , Saban delivered a national title . His professional travelogue did n't end there . Saban left to test himself as an NFL head coach with the Miami Dolphins in 2005 . Two seasons there produced a 15-17 record , and then Saban was seduced by a once proud southern belle who had fallen into disrepute . "  I 'm not going to be the Alabama coach , " Saban infamously declared on December 21 , 2006 . On January 4 , 2007 , he was introduced as the Crimson Tide 's next coach . He was apologizing for that one three years later in a Sporting News interview . Sort of . "  I apologize for any professional mishandling that might have occurred , " he said . But there is a reason Alabama ponied up $ 4 million a year for Saban  university President Robert Witt makes a reported base of $ 490,000 a year  . He is one rainmaker of a coach . While perhaps not always so dedicated to the truth about his comings and goings , Saban is all in with building winning football programs . And in 2007 Alabama needed him badly . With 13 national championships in the bank , and the legend of Bear Bryant growing dim , the Alabama football program of the early 2000s was a mess . One coach was tangled up in a sexual harassment charge and eventually got the program placed on NCAA probation . One hire never coached a game , fired after an off-season Florida strip-club romp became public . One abandoned ship after two seasons , informing his team he was leaving for Texas A&M via video conference . Another had the name  Mike Shula , son of Hall of Fame NFL coach Don Shula  but won few hearts with his 26-23 record . Then came Saban , whose stern dictatorship cut through all the nonsense . He is 51-11 at ` Bama , with one national title and the hopes of another resting on Saturday . His success did not sit well a couple states to the left . When Saban first left for the pros , LSU fans were mostly understanding . They even cheered him when he returned to Baton Rouge with the Dolphins in 2005 to take on the New Orleans Saints , who had been displaced from New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina . But when he took over a conference rival , he was a direct threat to their team and the game changed . On Saban 's trip to Baton Rouge in 2008 , he was greeted with the requisite effigy burning . The LSU student newspaper produced an editorial that proclaimed : "  For the record , Nick , the Tiger faithful hate your guts . " "  What people suddenly did n't seem to understand is that he did n't leave LSU for Alabama , " said Glenn Guilbeau , who covers the Tigers for Gannett News Service . After ditching the Dolphins , "  the only open jobs were Alabama , Louisville and Tulane . What was he supposed to do ? " Time has somewhat softened the Saban-is-Satan storyline when LSU and Alabama play now . His connection to LSU was brought up only once in his press conference last Monday . In response , Saban sounded almost wistful . "  I really do n't think a lot about that , but there are a lot of personal relationships we have with a lot of people because of the association we had with LSU , " he said . "  The older you get -- and everybody knows I 'm getting old -- you kind of cherish those relationships and really respect and appreciate them . I 'm happy to say a lot of those things do n't get affected by this game and what happens in this game . " Are the halcyon days of Saban-hating gone ? After his clumsy departure from the Dolphins , Saban appeared as No. 9 on a Forbes top 10 list of most disliked people in sports . He has not made the last two editions of that list . When he completes this season , his fifth , it will match his longest stay at any of his coaching posts . "  I think there 's a feeling that this is the right place for him and his wife at this stage of their lives , " Curtis said . The Saban family was out front in the recovery effort after a devastating tornado swept through Tuscaloosa in April , only reinforcing his Alabama identity . Saban 's Nick 's Kids Foundation provided the $ 50,000 seed money to start Project Team Up , which coordinates aid for those who lost homes and loved ones to the storm . Saban , his wife Terry and his team have been out front throughout the recovery process , said Riz Shakir , Project Team Up 's managing director . "  As you know , Nick is not one to be exuberant , but he shows he really cares through his actions , " Shakir said . "  When he cracks a little smile  doing the relief work  , it 's like you or me jumping for joy . " Maybe some will even begin taking him at his word that , "  When I came here , I came here with the idea I 'd be here for the rest of my career . " Saban may never be the warm and fuzzy good ol' boy kind of southern football coach . Because that is just the kind of clutter that has nothing to do with a final score , he 's unlikely to spend much time courting favor . At least he has settled into one place long enough now that those who wish to appreciate him know where to find him .	No. 1 LSU faces No. 2 Alabama Saturday in college football game of the year Alabama coach Nick Saban has coached both teams to national championsips Saban has angered some with his ugly departures from previous coaching jobs Saban is only coach to take two different schools to college football 's BCS championship
Washington  CNN  -- At a gathering of his safety-minded peers , John Lee had a confession to make . Last month , while driving to Madison , Wisconsin , Lee glanced down to review a playlist on his car 's MP3 player . He scrolled through the titles , looking for Bruce Springsteen songs , "  wanting to avoid the Adele songs that my wife had put there . " Then Lee looked up ... and continued driving . There was no crash . No one died . Unremarkable ? Lee does n't think so . Lee , an expert at human-machine interactions at the University of Wisconsin , had just co-authored a paper titled "  Scrolling While Driving . " And despite his own heightened awareness about the dangers of distracted driving , he had spent three to five seconds with his eyes off the road , a time lapse that placed him well into the danger zone . The incident , he said , demonstrated the insidious creep of distracting technology into the automobile . "  It seems like the old technology , " he said of his car 's audio system . "  It seems like a radio . But it is n't . " And if Lee -- who has forsworn cell phone and text messaging in his car -- can be lulled into a distracting experience , anybody can , he said . "  I 've been very well-trained to the dangers of distraction , and yet I 'm vulnerable , " he said . Lee 's anecdote at a National Transportation Safety Board all-day forum Tuesday hit upon two themes -- the invasion of pernicious technology in automobiles and the precious few seconds it takes to go from an attentive driver to a distracted one . Lee and a panel of experts said that any distraction of two seconds or longer significantly increases the likelihood of a crash . Novice drivers are 16 times more likely to take a dangerous glance inside the vehicle than experienced drivers , the experts said , citing one study . And the risk of a crash increases "  four-fold " if a driver was on the phone , regardless of whether they were using a hand-held or a hands-free device , they said . Some agreement ; some dispute The forum comes at a time when the NTSB and the Department of Transportation are at odds over just how far the government should go to restrict digital devices in cars . The Department of Transportation is recommending that states ban the use of handheld cell phones and text messaging devices . But the NTSB wants to take it a step further , banning the use of hands-free devices , except those that aid driving . "  Things that are hands-free are distracting too , " said NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman . "  We 'd like to see requirements and standards that look at all distractions , not just the manipulative or the visual distractions , but recognizing that there 's a cognitive distraction , " she said . Experts call it "  looking but not seeing . " "  The issue of cognitive distraction seems to have been left off the table -- forgotten a little bit , " she said . Distractions everywhere Driver distractions are hardly new , safety board members and panels acknowledged . Everything from billboards , to beautiful scenery , to pretty girls , have distracted drivers since the advent of automobiles , they said . But new texting technology creates a "  perfect storm " of activities that create danger , prompting users to look and engage . In addition to taking a driver 's eyes off the road and hands off the wheel , texting devices can engage people 's minds so that they 're paying less attention to the task of driving , the experts said . And the technology is evolving faster than its impact can be appreciated , Lee said . "  The pace of change is daunting . The pace of change far outstrips the pace of regulatory response , " he explained . An often-quoted study on distracted driving known as the "  100 car study " was conducted in 2003 and 2004 -- before the introduction of Facebook  2004  , Twitter  2006  , the iPhone  2007  , and iPhone apps  2008  , Lee said . Driver distraction is a growing contributor to U.S. traffic fatalities , said Jeff Caird of the University of Calgary . In 1999 , there were 4,563 distracted driving fatalities , accounting for 10.9 % of all fatalities . In 2008 , there were 5,870 distraction fatalities , 15.8 % of the total . But police reports are not a reliable source of information for the cause of distracted driving accidents , said Anne McCartt of the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety . The cause of accidents is frequently not reported , and there are very large differences across the states , McCartt said . The best studies , she said , used phone records to determine if drivers were possibly distracted at the time of a crash , she said . Cell phones vs. conversations Cell phones are more distracting than conversing with passengers , said Donald Fisher of the University of Massachusetts Amherst . A passenger is "  an extra set of eyes , " and can moderate their conversation during challenging driving periods , unlike a person on a phone , Fisher said . They can serve as a collision avoidance system , "  pointing out hazards and screaming in the extreme case , " said Lee . Passengers can be distracting too , said Caird . Some modulate conversations ; some do n't , he said . But for all the study on distracting driving , a lot is still unknown , the experts said . Experts , for example , do n't know to what extent drivers self-regulate , confining dialing and texting to less dangerous times , such as at stop lights . And they do n't know whether people who choose to buy hands-free devices differ from those who use hand-held devices , and how that may impact test results . But experts at the NTSB forum say distractions of two seconds or more appear to divide safe driving from dangerous driving . The challenge , they said , was getting drivers to understand just how fleeting two seconds is . Fighting fire with fire The experts say the solution to technological distraction may be technology itself . Already , smart phones have applications that can regulate use , restricting the use of cell phones or texting services while the device is moving , for instance . Industry has become a major force , using dashboard cameras to keep tabs on fleet drivers . Increasingly , new cars are equipped with collision warning systems . And those systems are becoming more sophisticated . At the University of Iowa 's National Advanced Driving Simulator , scientists have tested a seat belt that tightens to warn the driver of a possible crash . "  What we 've learned is that auditory displays can be a nuisance , " said Daniel McGehee , of the NADS lab . "  They are annoying . They alert other passengers that something is going on and that 's embarrassing to the driver . " However , a seatbelt that tightens , a vibrating seat or a pulsing brake are "  very driver-centric . " "  The driver can say , ` Oops , something 's going on here ' and sort of reorient their attention . " Back to those play lists In John Lee 's study , 50 people searched for songs on playlists of varying lengths using either an MP3 player or an aftermarket controller while driving on a simulator . The results : searching through long playlists containing 580 songs resulted in poor driving performance and required long glances of two seconds or more . "  Drivers did not adequately adapt their behavior to roadway demand , as evident in their degraded driving performance , " his study concludes . Lee says he now knows that from scientific research and from personal experience . CNN 's Lizzie O'Leary contributed to this report .	Experts say a distraction of more than 2 seconds is dangerous The NTSB wants to ban use of hands-free devices in cars Cell phones are more distracting than talking to passengers , experts say
Editor 's note : Fareed Zakaria is a foreign affairs analyst who hosts "  Fareed Zakaria : GPS " on CNN at 1 p.m. ET Sundays . Fareed Zakaria says the shoe-throwing incident shows Iraq is becoming a more open society . NEW YORK  CNN  -- The Iraqi journalist who hurled his shoes at President George W. Bush has won some hearts in neighboring Iran , where one cleric dubbed the act "  the shoe intifada  rebellion  . Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati -- leading Friday prayers in Tehran -- hailed journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi 's now-famous fling last Sunday , when Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki were holding a news conference in Baghdad . His remarks -- reported by Iran 's state-run Islamic Republic News Agency -- reflect the support many Middle East people have shown for al-Zaidi , an Iraqi correspondent for Egypt-based Al-Baghdadia TV . "  The shoe intifada in Iraq should not be overlooked easily , " Jannati said . "  Well done to the Iraqi journalist for throwing the shoes at the U.S. president . " Speaking to worshipers at Tehran University , Jannati labeled the shoes "  more valuable than crowns , medals and signs " and believes they should be placed in an Iraqi museum . CNN spoke to world affairs expert and author Fareed Zakaria about the shoe-throwing incident CNN : Do you think the shoe-throwing incident shows that Iraq is becoming an open society ? Fareed Zakaria : Yes , and President Bush was right that it represents a huge advance in freedom in the Middle East . There is quite simply no other Arab country in which that scene could have taken place . And Iraq has , in other ways , become a reasonably open and democratic society -- though still a long way from a liberal democracy as we would define it . CNN : So not a big deal -- just fodder for late-night comics ? Zakaria : Not quite -- what the shoe-throwing incident also reminded us of -- and this is something that Americans often forget -- is that whatever the gains in Iraq recently -- and they are undeniable and real -- the costs for Iraqis have been huge . We focus on the costs to America -- hundreds of billions of dollars spent , more than four thousand American lives lost there . But the costs to the Iraqis have been staggering 2.5 million Iraqis -- 10 percent of the population -- have left the country , and only a few are trickling back . Another 2 million have been displaced from their homes . Tens of thousands of Iraqis have been killed and wounded -- and that may be underreported . Maybe in the long run , if Iraq becomes a more decent society , these costs will fade into memory and the benefits will endure . But for now , as Muntadhar al-Zaidi 's actions showed -- it is the costs that remain front and center in the Iraq consciousness . CNN : How are Iraqis responding to the incident ? Zakaria : For many it is embarrassment -- as former U.S. Ambassador to Iraq and the current U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Zalmay Khalilzad says on our show -- "  I know it was painful to Prime Minister Maliki and many Iraqis who have been in touch with me since . " And the Iraqis are going to prosecute al-Zaidi within their court system -- though they are n't completely sure how yet . CNN : But it seems like he 's become a hero for many in the Middle East . Zakaria : Yes -- and that goes back to the enormous costs that the Iraqis have faced . However , his celebrity is not limited to the Middle East . In an act of reverse cultural imperialism , his act of frustration is now taking hold in the United States . Earlier this week at a meeting of New York City 's Metropolitan Transit Authority , an angry protester was dragged out as he attempted to throw his shoe at the authority 's CEO . His last words before security got him : "  this shoe is for you ! "	Fareed Zakaria : Shoe-throwing incident shows Iraq is becoming more open society Incident also focuses attention on what Iraq war has cost Iraqis , he says Zakaria says incident is an embarrassment to many Iraqis
CNN  -- I once took care of an 84-year-old woman with end-stage heart failure who told me she could n't bear feeling short of breath any longer and pleaded with me to help her die . "  Is November 15 a good day for you ? " she asked . Her daughter shot out of a chair at her bedside . "  Ma , do you understand what you are saying ? " The old lady stared at her and nodded slowly . "  I ca n't take it anymore , " she said . "  Back and forth , back and forth to the hospital . I 'd rather be dead . " I explained that in New York state I could not assist in her suicide , though I could give her morphine to relieve her suffering . "  If you were like me , you 'd say the same thing , doctor , " she said ruefully . "  I 'm half gone . Nobody wants to bother with you when you 're like this . " A couple of days later , I went to the ethics committee at my hospital . I explained that surgeons had deemed my patient 's condition inoperable . Over the past couple of months she had been hospitalized several times with extreme shortness of breath due to congestive heart failure and treated with intravenous drugs . When the drugs were stopped , her heart failure symptoms quickly returned . This cycle was repeated several times before the day she asked me to help her die . "  She just does n't want to suffer anymore , " I said . "  She does n't want to go through another episode of heart failure . She is absolutely terrified of it . " "  I do n't see the big ethical dilemma , " a senior internist said . "  Put her on a morphine drip to relieve her suffering . " "  But she is n't currently suffering , " I replied . "  So put her on a low dose and titrate it up when she develops symptoms . " The problem was that she could go into a heart failure exacerbation very quickly . She could suffer for hours before her shortness of breath was brought under control , and that was in the hospital where nurses were with her around the clock . In the end , I put my patient on a morphine drip . With her and her family 's permission , we arranged for home hospice care . But she never made it out of the hospital . I thought of this patient when reading a terribly sad column on CNN.com by Brittany Maynard , a 29-year-old with brain cancer who moved to Oregon so she can legally get a prescription for a drug that will end her life . Unfortunately , there are examples  though rare  where palliative or hospice care can not adequately address the anxiety and suffering of dying patients . For example , in the case of my elderly patient , how can one start morphine in a patient who is n't suffering at that precise moment ? For such patients in those rare cases , I support assisted suicide as practiced in Oregon . Through Oregon 's Death with Dignity Act , passed in 1997 , more than 1,100 people have obtained life-ending prescriptions . About 750 have used them . The law does provide safeguards against clinically depressed or mentally incompetent patients getting lethal drugs to end their lives . Four other states have enacted similar laws . However , I still believe that for most terminally ill patients , hospice care is a better option than assisted suicide . Hospice offers team-based care with family involvement , often in a patient 's home , that focuses on pain management and dying with some comfort and dignity . Hospice staff is available 24 hours a day , seven days a week . The modern hospice movement started in 1967 , when Dame Cicely Saunders , a nurse , opened St. Christopher 's Hospice in London . Saunders formulated three principles for easing the process of dying : relief of physical pain , preservation of dignity , and respect for the psychological and spiritual aspects of death . The number of American hospitals offering palliative care has nearly doubled since 2000 , growing to nearly 1,500 programs -- the majority of hospitals . Perhaps the most surprising finding from these programs is that hospice patients live a month longer on average than similar patients who do not receive such care . Unlike hospice care , assisted suicide is obviously a final and irreversible act . Ruling out the presence of clinical depression that may cloud a patient 's judgment is not always straightforward . When depression lifts , the desire to die often lifts too . Only between 10 % and 15 % of people who attempt suicide eventually die by their own hands , suggesting that the desire to die is often changeable . As a doctor , I would like assisted suicide to be safe and available , but rare . Managing end-of-life care for patients like Brittany Maynard is never simple . I often think of what the elderly woman with terminal heart disease who asked me to help her die told me : "  My husband said the hardest thing to do is to die ; I always thought it would be easy . "	Dr. Sandeep Jauhar says patient asked him for help dying ; daughter was horrified He says he gets terminal patient Brittany Maynard 's desire to die , supports choice in rare cases But he says hospice care better option for terminally ill ; allows dignity , comfort of home , family Jauhar : Depression may cloud patient 's judgment . When it lifts , so may desire for suicide
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Two Israeli soldiers were convicted of ordering a 9-year-old boy to open bags they thought might be booby-trapped during Israel 's incursion into Gaza nearly two years ago . The three-judge military panel said the soldiers knew that endangering civilians is strictly forbidden by military law , according to legal papers obtained by CNN . They have not been named or sentenced yet . Israeli military and criminal investigators have conducted dozens of probes into actions of Israeli troops during the incursion , known as Operation Cast Lead , which was intended to halt the firing of missiles from Gaza into Israel . More than 1,400 Palestinians died in Israel 's incursion , according to officials in Gaza . The Israeli military said 1,166 people were killed , 60 percent of whom were "  terror operatives . " A 575-page report approved by the U.N. Council for Human Rights in 2009 -- accused both Israel and Hamas of "  actions amounting to war crimes , possibly crimes against humanity " during the three-week offensive that ended in January 2009 . Earlier this year , the Israeli military disciplined two officers -- a brigadier general and a colonel -- for allowing artillery shells to be fired into a populated area of Gaza . There was at least one earlier criminal conviction , of a soldier found guilty of stealing a credit card . Another Israeli soldier faces a manslaughter charge in the death of a Palestinian waving a white flag during a three-week incursion , the Israeli military said in July . The manslaughter charge was filed after an investigation into the shooting , the Israel Defense Forces said in a news release . "  This decision is based on evidence that the soldier , who was serving as a designated marksman , deliberately targeted an individual walking with a group of people waving a white flag without being ordered or authorized to do so , " the IDF said . In another incident , a battalion commander authorized sending a Palestinian man into a house sheltering terrorists next to his own house in order to persuade them to leave , the news release said . The commander was indicted "  because he deviated from authorized and appropriate IDF behavior " and ignored rules on the use of civilians in military operations , it said . The IDF statement in July also said a criminal investigation has been ordered into an incident in which a residence holding about 100 members of a family was struck from the air . In a separate case , an investigation into an assertion that the Ibrahim Al-Makadma mosque had been attacked concluded that that did not happen , but that an aerial strike near the mosque had occurred . "  The aerial strike targeted a terror operative involved in the launching of rockets toward Israel who was standing outside of the mosque , " the news release said . "  Injuries caused to civilians inside were unintentional and caused by shrapnel that penetrated the mosque . " But the investigation concluded that the officer who ordered the attack had "  failed to exercise appropriate judgment " and , as a result , will not be allowed to serve in similar positions of command . Legal measures were deemed unnecessary , however . "  The military advocate general decided that the attack did not violate international laws of warfare because the attack did not target the mosque , rather it targeted a terror operative , and when the attack was authorized , no possibility of harming civilians was identified , " it said . Israeli investigators looked into more than 150 reports and conducted nearly 50 probes of incidents during Operation Cast Lead . But Palestinians said Israel 's actions were unsatisfactory . "  I think Israel should take all responsibility for all the war crimes that it is responsible for during its unjustified war in Gaza , and what they just announced is too little too late , " Palestinian spokesman Ghassan Khatib told CNN in July . CNN 's Shira Medding in Jerusalem contributed to this report .	The soldiers ordered a 9-year-old boy to open a bag which might have been booby-trapped The incident took place during Israel 's incursion into Gaza Israel has carried out investigations into troops ' actions during Operation Cast Lead A U.N. report last year accused Israel and Hamas of potential war crimes
CNN  -- They produced the "  Miracle of Medinah " but Europe 's golfers face an almighty challenge to amaze at Augusta . Not since Jose Maria Olazabal triumphed for the second time 14 years ago has anyone from across the Atlantic managed to get their hands on that green jacket . In fact , Europe 's record in the tournament has been abject in recent years with Lee Westwood the only man to have secured a runner-up finish since the turn of the century . When the late , great , Seve Ballesteros became the first European to win the tournament back in 1980 , it paved the way for the likes of Olazabal , three-time champion Nick Faldo , Sandy Lyle , Ian Woosnam and double winner Bernhard Langer to go on and dominate . Europe recorded eight wins between 1988 and 1999 and seven out of nine between Lyle 's success and Faldo 's third title in 1996 . But with no success since 1999 , the pressure is on Europe 's stars to stand up and finally end the drought . "  Does it surprise me ? Nothing surprises me in golf anymore , " former World No. 1 Luke Donald told reporters . "  I think since I 've been a professional , I feel like the fields have gotten a lot stronger , a lot deeper . You 're seeing anyone on a given week has a chance to win . "  This game is a very mental game and it 's almost those who are the least fragile players that have a chance . " England 's Ryder Cup hero Ian Poulter believes Europe 's top players simply have n't been good enough while the likes of Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson have won five titles between them . "  We just have n't performed very well . Simple , " Poulter told reporters . "  We have n't performed well enough and I think the guys are disappointed , to be honest . "  One of the guys would have expected to have come through by now . "  What 's the reason for that ? I do n't know . Tiger  Woods  has taken a few , Phil  Mickelson  has taken a few . They are pretty good those two . " Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy and England 's Justin Rose are ranked two and three in the world , while Donald sits fourth on the ladder . But they will have to be at the peak of their powers to end Europe 's bid for a famous green jacket with the likes of Woods and Mickelson the men to beat once again . One man who believes this is his best chance of winning at Augusta is Ryder Cup hero Ian Poulter . The 37-year-old was a stand out star during Europe 's incredible fightback , but he says recreating that kind of form in an individual event is incredibly difficult . "  You 've got two sets of fans  at the Ryder Cup  and here you 've got fans that are wishing 92 players play well , " he told reporters "  It 's very difficult to get that same atmosphere , recreate it . It just wo n't happen . But what will happen is on Sunday afternoon , when you 're coming down the stretch , you will be feeling the same kind of emotions . "  The crowds might not be quite as loud , but they will be respectful of good golf shots and obviously the birdies that happen here on a Sunday . "  So I think there will be some good vibes hopefully going through me with nine holes to play and hopefully I can pull upon those Ryder Cup moments to bring me through . " While Europe has struggled , its troubles pales into insignificance compared to those of Australia . Greg Norman 's meltdown in 1996 where he contrived to throw away a six-shot lead on the final day still hurts , while the ghosts of near misses in 1986 and 1987 still haunt Australian golf . Adam Scott remains its best hope having finished second two years ago and the 32-year-old is desperate to break the jinx . "  It 's going to happen one day . We say it but it 's up to one of us to make it happen , " Scott told reporters . "  I 've certainly developed a real level of comfort with the golf course in the last three years , so I say that  an Australian will win the Masters  quietly confident that I believe I can make it happen one of these years . " Scott has demons of his own to exorcise after losing out in dramatic fashion at last year 's British Open whee he ended his final round with four consecutive bogeys . But Scott is adamant he has learned from the experience and is ready to go for it at Augusta . He added : "  When I got in position to win again , that 's when it was gut-check time as a player , to not let it become a thing ... that you struggle to close out a golf tournament . "  I do n't dwell on it at all . I just take the positives . It was great for me to play so well for so long . You need a little bit of winner 's luck . "  Everyone who wins a tournament has it , but it 's not something you can make happen . I guess it just happens and when it 's meant to be , it 's meant to be . "  That stuff , you ca n't control , but I think the golfing gods sort all that kind of stuff out . "	Europe aiming to end 14-year drought at The Masters Jose Maria Olazabal of Spain was last European to win title Rory McIlroy and Luke Donald leading the charge Australia hoping for first ever winner at Augusta
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Birthdays are always a good time for reflection . My 20s were mostly fun times , hanging out and risk-taking professionally . My 30s were about really focusing on the career and traveling to places I finally had some money to afford . Now , one year into my 40s , I 'm blessed with home ownership and the realization that I am officially a "  grown-up . " The childish mistakes that you could laugh off in your 20s and consider a growing experience in your 30s should now be gone by 40 . When you 're dating after 40 , the reaction you get from family and friends on your birthday is also totally different . I decided to have my latest birthday party at my new house . It was a nice gathering of family and friends , including the man that I have been dating for a couple of months . For some of my family and friends , it was the first time they were seeing my newly purchased home . I was excited to show folks my proud accomplishment of home ownership . Each group that I showed around the house -- regardless of age or gender -- had the same question when they saw the two spare bedrooms . "  So , what do you plan to do with THESE bedrooms ? " I pondered the question each time , realizing I could n't say I 'd use it as an office since I had one set up downstairs . My answers varied from "  how about a guest room " to "  possibly a home gym " to "  I really do n't know . " Their reaction each and every time was exactly the same : "  How about some kids ? " My first response was "  with whom ? " -- seriously , I am not married -- then I realized they were referring to my new beau . I started stammering and was slightly embarrassed , especially when he was in my presence for some of these questions . It seems folks get really comfortable with certain questions after you pass that important milestone of 40 . I gave all the right answers : that buying a house made more sense than a townhouse in this market , I realized the amount of equity I could get buying in this neighborhood and of course the first-time home buyer credit was too much to pass up . No one seemed interested in those answers , so the conversation quickly changed to something else . After all , if I were in my 20s or 30s and dating , the house likely would have been viewed by most as a great investment . Also , it 's not to say that these questions about marriage did n't occur in those earlier years . But somehow in your 40s , a choice had to be made . Society does seem to put an enormous amount of pressure on women once they hit the later years of childbearing age . Assumptions are made that every personal decision is a reflection of your desire to have , or not have , children . So , needless to say , my friends and family saw my house as a symbol of my last-ditch effort to claim a white picket fenced yard filled with kids . These were all questions that I never expected to confront at a casual birthday barbecue . The questions -- but more importantly my reaction -- made me consider the possibility that I did subconsciously purchase this house hoping that I would fill those bedrooms with kids instead of workout equipment . Was I , in fact , laying the groundwork for the future I hoped to have -- of marriage , children and a dog ? At the closing attorney 's office the day I bought the house , I remember being more interested in the incredible investment I just made . After all the birthday party guests had left , I asked my beau if the questions about children made him feel uncomfortable . He smartly answered "  no " and seemed surprised that I never expected that question to come up . I quickly pointed out to him that if the roles were reversed , I did n't think that people would make that assumption with a man . So , I might have another barbecue for the Fourth of July . Just to make things interesting and confuse folks , I might just rent a dog and watch the assumptions begin . Editor 's note : Audrey Irvine is a senior assignment manager for CNN . Her experiences in the dating world inspire her "  Relationship Rant " column . Check back every week for her take on dating and relationships .	Audrey Irvine opened her new house to family and friends for her birthday party Friends saw two spare bedrooms as a chance to ask her about having children The questions made her wonder if the house would lead to marriage , kids , dog Decides next birthday , she would borrow a dog to really get people talking
CNN  -- In the wake of the attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound flight on Christmas Day , security experts , political commentators and the media have been asking one question : How can the United States prevent terrorists from smuggling homemade bombs through security ? The most frequent answer has been full body scanners , a developing technology used in a handful of airports around the world . Although these scanners may be effective , they are at best the right answer to the wrong question . The question that law enforcement and security professionals must ask is how to prevent the terrorists themselves from getting on the airplane . Once we focus our attention on individual terrorists rather than their potential weapons , one fact is immediately clear : We must completely change the way we go about airport security and counterterrorism in general . The procedures are both inadequate and ineffective . The current random searches do only a minimum to improve security . Nothing is more unproductive than searching an 80-year-old woman in a wheelchair from Sweden or a 3-year-old child simply because she or he was the 10th person in line . Quite simply , the system has failed and must be revamped . Recognizing existing deficiencies , on Monday the Transportation Safety Administration announced it has taken the first step toward implementing a revised screening process for airline passengers . TSA will mandate that "  every individual flying into the U.S. from anywhere in the world traveling from or through nations that are state sponsors of terrorism or other countries of interest will be required to go through enhanced screening . " This is a step in the right direction . But more should be done . Instead of a system akin to searching for a needle in a haystack while blindfolded , the Transportation Security Administration and the intelligence community should institute a system of "  smart screening . " Such a revised screening process would consider a host of factors in determining whether someone is a potential security threat . Among the considerations would be : behavioral signs ; appearance ; itinerary and travel history ; appearance on watch lists ; known connections to radical organizations or individuals ; and yes , ethnicity and religious identity . Recognizing that the inclusion of ethnicity and religious characteristics in this list may be unsettling , it simply can not be ignored that the overwhelmingly large majority of terrorist attacks undertaken over the past decade were committed by Islamic fundamentalists . Consequently , to ignore it as a factor -- as does current policy -- could have devastating effects . The procedures are both inadequate and ineffective . The current random searches do only a minimum to improve security . Any characteristic that can help us identify followers of radical Islam would be critical to determining who should be denied a visa , who should be put on the no-fly list and who should be subjected to a secondary inspection at the airport . One point worth mentioning is that a proposal for "  smart screening " is not a call for a ban on Muslims flying on planes , nor is it an attempt to stop every person with Arab features and put them on a watch list . Rather than an accusation of guilt , it is simply an additional investigative tool that will allow law enforcement officials to effectively and efficiently marshal their resources toward a known threat , that posed by violent adherents of radical Islamic theology . Screeners and officials of intelligence agencies need as much information as possible to make decisions . To ban the use of critically relevant criteria in preventing catastrophic acts of terrorism , a policy in effect today , is to deny intelligence officials all the tools they need to make critical decisions . Law enforcement has done criminal profiling for decades and recognizes it as an invaluable tool . If a child is raped , the first suspects logically are pedophiles . Skeptical that "  smart screening " will be effective ? Mohammad al-Qatani , the intended 20th hijacker from the September 11 attacks , was stopped in Orlando , Florida , in 2001 because of profiling . It must be conceded that this proposal may not be 100 percent effective . No system ever will be . However , as terrorist groups consistently demonstrate their adaptability , one thing that has remained relatively constant is the pool of willing and able recruits . If some of the most well-trained and effective terrorists can not carry out their mission because of profiling , that makes the likelihood of a successful terrorist attack that much slimmer . The new operatives may be less well-trained and hence less deadly . What they will undoubtedly have in common with their more experienced brethren , regardless of their ethnicity or nationality , will be an adherence to radical Islam . Rather than calling for an all-encompassing program where all followers of Islam would be swept up in some sort of dragnet , law enforcement officials should be provided with all of the tools necessary to prevent acts of terrorism , including the ability to consider the potential that an individual getting on an airplane has been radicalized . Race and ethnicity should never be sole criteria in evaluating threats . Rather I am calling for consideration of such criteria only in addition to many other factors . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steven Emerson .	Steven Emerson : New TSA rules for screening passengers good start , but more needs to be done Emerson : Ca n't ignore Islamic radicals carried out most terror attacks over the past decade "  Smart screening " means behavior , travel history , watch lists , ethnicity , religion Screeners , intelligence officials need as much information as possible , he argues
CNN  -- How do you get a teenager to volunteer to quit Facebook ? Apparently , with cold , hard cash . A Boston father is paying his 14-year-old daughter $ 200 to quit using the social site for almost five months , according to a post on his blog . On Tuesday , Paul Baier , a research consultant from Boston , posted an image of a "  Facebook Deactivation Agreement " with his daughter . "  Her idea which I support fully , " he wrote . In the signed agreement , his daughter agrees to deactivate Facebook from this past Monday until June 26  which , perhaps notably , would be well into summer break for most schools  . In return , he 'll give her $ 50 in April and the remaining $ 150 in June . Baier gets access to change her password and deactivate the account . His daughter 's one-word response on the line asking what she 'll use the money for : "  Stuff . " On the post , several people have praised or belittled the plan . One poster , in the shameless manner not unknown on the Web , called Baier an "  idiot . " "  Why not try something called ` parenting ' . It 's more difficult than bribery but will more beneficial to your daughter in the long run , " the person wrote . But Kent Wellington , who describes himself as a friend of Baier 's , responded . "  He 's a good guy and good parent . Regardless , there 's nothing wrong with a parent being proactive with their kids in the area of social media , " Wellington wrote . "  I 'm sure the dialog that lead up to the agreement was as valuable as the contract . " Baier 's daughter may be in good company . A recent report from the Pew Research Center says 61 % of Facebook users have taken a break from the site for a few weeks or more .	Boston dad is paying his daughter $ 200 to quit Facebook for five months "  Facebook Deactivation Agreement " was signed by Paul Baier , 14-year-old Rachel Baier posted the agreement on his blog Tuesday
CNN  -- The escalating drama at the top of Russia 's Bolshoi Ballet is starting to rival its most theatrical stage productions . Six months after someone threw sulfuric acid on the ballet 's artistic director , the Russian government has sacked the dance company 's general director . "  Our actions are not spontaneous . They are part of the general concept of the Culture Ministry and the government aimed at gradual renovation and reforming the cultural institutions , preserving their traditions and experience , " Russian Culture Minister Vladimir Medinsky said Tuesday . Anatoly Iksanov still had more than a year left on his contract when he was fired Tuesday . He led the world-renowned ballet for 13 years , ushering in modern twists to the dance company that 's now 237 years old . He invited controversial choreographers and composers , started online broadcasts of the theater 's performances and introduced workshops for young performers with little or no background in classical ballet , Russia 's RIA Novosti news agency reported . Vladimir Urin will now fill Iksanov 's shoes . He must now restore the Bolshoi 's reputation after January 's attack on artistic director Sergei Filin mired the ballet in scandal . Filin was walking up to his Moscow apartment when a masked assailant tossed sulfuric acid onto his face , leaving him severely burned and nearly blinded . Bolshoi dancer Pavel Dmitrichenko has confessed to organizing the attack , but said Filin was only supposed to be beaten . He said he was shocked when he learned about the acid . Local newspapers quoted ballet members as saying Dmitrichenko was angry because he thought Filin was stifling the career of Anzhelina Vorontsova -- Dmitrichenko 's girlfriend . Police arrested Dmitrichenko , as well as the alleged assailant and suspected getaway driver . Authorities painted Dmitrichenko as a villain -- the type of role Filin often cast him as in productions . CNN 's Phil Black and Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report .	Anatoly Iksanov led the Bolshoi Ballet for 13 years and still had a year left on his contract Culture Minister : The decision is part of Russia 's aim at reforming cultural institutions Vladimir Urin will now fill his shoes The move comes six months after the ballet 's artistic director was burned by acid
Seoul  CNN  -- New images of North Korea 's main satellite launch site show that an upgrade allowing for larger rockets has been completed , raising the possibility of a fresh launch within the year , a new report says . Based on satellite images of the Sohae Satellite Launching Station , located on North Korea 's west coast close to the Chinese border , the report was posted on the 38 North website , run by the U.S.-Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins University . "  North Korea is now ready to move forward with another rocket launch , " concluded the report by retired imagery technology expert Nick Hansen , adding that if the political decision were made to proceed , "  a rocket could be launched by the end of 2014 . " The satellite pictures appeared to show that a yearlong construction project at the Sohae facility had been completed , including the upgrade of the launch pad and gantry tower to enable the launch of rockets larger than the existing Unha-3 space launch vehicle , said the report . A South Korean Defense Ministry official , who would not be named in accordance with protocol , said Seoul was monitoring developments . "  Our military is observing closely all activities regarding the situation of construction and possibility of a missile launch at the North Korean Sohae Launching Site , " the official said . Larger rockets ? The U.S.-Korea Institute said the development would allow the Sohae facility to launch rockets up to 50 meters in length -- considerably larger than the Unha-3 , which is about 30 meters long . North Korea last fired an Unha-3 in December 2012 , in a controversial launch that successfully put a satellite in orbit . While Pyongyang insisted the test was for scientific purposes , many nations , including the United States and South Korea , considered it a cover for testing ballistic missile technology . The launch resulted in increased U.N. sanctions on the diplomatically isolated state . The 38 North report stated that the "  most likely candidate " for any potential launch remained the existing Unha-3 , since the "  much larger rocket , reportedly under development , is at least several years from becoming operational . " The satellite images also indicated Pyongyang had conducted engine-tests for a road-mobile intercontinental ballistic missile  ICBM  , the KN-08 , it said , which had been ongoing at the site for at least two years . "  It remains unclear how successful these tests have been . However , rocket motor tests are typically conducted prior to full-scale test launches of a missile that precede a weapon becoming operational , " said the report . Any decision to launch a rocket would ultimately hinge on political considerations , it said . Is North Korea still digging tunnels to the South ? ` Long-term commitment ' Daniel A. Pinkston , North East Asia deputy project director at the International Crisis Group , said the reported activity at Sohae was consistent with Pyongyang 's statements regarding space launches . "  The Kim family regime has demonstrated the long-term commitment -- over 30 years -- to develop long-range missiles , " he said . "  It is important to recognize the relative scale of the investment for an economy the size of the DPRK 's . State media and other institutions extol the space program and asserts it is absolutely necessary for the country 's economic development . " While any decision by Pyongyang to proceed with a launch would take into account domestic and international factors , he said , "  In my view , the DPRK government is fully committed to conducting additional satellite launches , and can not be dissuaded by the international community . " The Unha-3 did not have military applications , but North Korean scientists and engineers were able to "  apply the know-how they 've acquired from the Unha-3 to other missiles , " he said . "  The DPRK has continued to develop missiles with the intention of acquiring an ICBM , " he said .	A new report says North Korea has completed a major upgrade of its launch center It says the upgrade will allow for larger rockets to be launched It says Pyongyang is continuing testing on a road-mobile intercontinental ballistic missile Analysts expect Pyongyang to continue with its rockets program despite international opposition
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- For many it 's the adrenaline , the thrill of scaling buildings to scrawl their gang 's signature in huge black letters from the highest point possible . For some , it 's also political -- a way to leave their mark on a city they feel has turned its back on them . They are Sao Paulo 's pixadores or taggers , marginalized youth who prowl the streets late at night armed with paint cans and rollers . They have defaced buildings with Celtic-looking lettering across downtown and along many of the city 's main roads . "  Where I come from , the only way to get famous is being a professional football player or drug dealer , " says Cripta Djan , one of the city 's more outspoken pixadores and gang leaders . "  The other way is with pixacao . " Just do n't call it graffiti . Djan says pixadores do n't want to be pigeonholed as graffiti artists and are n't interested in beauty . Instead , he says they are rebels who want to defy authority and break the law . "  It 's class warfare , " he says . "  Our society is very capitalist . You 're only worth what you own . With pixacao you can invert the values . You do n't have to have money to be recognized . You just need paint and you can write your name all over the city . " Pixadores live in poor suburbs but their preferred target is seedy , downtown Sao Paulo , where visibility is guaranteed . They say that in the wealthy neighborhoods their signatures would disappear in a day . They leave their mark on bridges and underpasses , invade abandoned buildings to gain access to the top floors and scale skyscrapers by climbing from one window frame to another . Some have fallen and died . See how Kenyan artists target corrupt politicians Pixacao emerged in the 1980s in Sao Paulo , a sprawling city of 20 million people where the division between rich and poor is vast . Pixacao has since spread to other cities in Brazil . Well-known pixadores like Djan have participated in international art events but they invariably end up sparring with organizers . "  If there 's no transgression , it 's not pixacao , " says Cripta , who recently defaced a church in Berlin when he was invited to give a workshop at the Bienal there . While pixadores have fascinated art afficiandos , they do n't necessarily have many fans among the rest of Sao Paulo 's population . "  Those guys are vandals , " an office worker says . "  We were better off under the dictatorship when at least a minimum of order was maintained . " "  We should have harsher laws and better education , " another woman says . On Thursday nights , hundreds of pixadores converge on a street in the center to brag about their latest feats and plan their next targets as they drink beer and smoke cigarettes and marijuana . They spray the names of their gangs on walls and compose rap songs , about everything from Brazil 's consumer society to Bob Marley . They are mostly young men , but a few women are also active pixadores . A young mother and student , Michelle says she formed a gang with eight other women . "  It 's adrenaline , art , freedom of expression , " she says . "  You have an idea and you want to rebel . "	Art and law breaking is part of the same recipe for Brazilian street artists Pixadores or taggers scale Sao Paulo 's tallest buildings to get their message across Pixadore Cripta Djan says the art must have ` transgression ' -- often a broken law They see art as one of three ways to make their name -- soccer or drugs are the others
CNN  -- He is the Chosen One MK II -- and he is hoping to make history of a more notable kind than his predecessor achieved . After waiting 27 years to appoint a new manager , Manchester United 's attempts to fill the void left by Alex Ferguson now focus on Louis van Gaal -- who on Monday was named to succeed David Moyes , sacked in April after enduring a miserable campaign in charge . While Moyes ' short tenure was marked by morale-sapping defeats against lesser teams United previously brushed aside , Van Gaal brings an authority earned by stamping his mark on some of the world 's biggest clubs . "  It was always a wish for me to work in the Premier League , " the Dutchman said in a United statement after a signing a three-year contract with the 20-time English champions . "  To work as a manager for Manchester United , the biggest club in the world , makes me very proud . "  I have managed in games at Old Trafford before and know what an incredible arena Old Trafford is and how passionate and knowledgeable the fans are . This club has big ambitions ; I too have big ambitions . Together I 'm sure we will make history . " While Moyes arrived at Old Trafford without a major trophy to his name , Van Gaal , who will step down from his role as Netherlands coach after the forthcoming World Cup , comes with real European pedigree . Making his name as a manager at Ajax , he led the Dutch club to three Eredivisie titles , the UEFA Cup and the Champions League . The 62-year-old enjoyed further success at Barcelona -- winning back-to-back La Liga titles -- while another Eredivisie title followed at AZ Alkmaar , before he claimed a German league-and-cup double at Bayern Munich . Van Gaal will be expected to take United back to the summit of English football after the club slipped from winning the 2012-13 Premier League title by a margin of 11 points to missing out on Champions League qualification this term , for the first time since 1995 . "  In Louis van Gaal , we have secured the services of one of the outstanding managers in the game today , " declared United chief executive Ed Woodward . "  He has achieved many things in his career to date and Old Trafford provides him with a fitting stage on which to write new chapters in the Manchester United story . " In his bid to restore the club to its former glories , Van Gaal has retained Ryan Giggs as his assistant manager . The Welshman is a veteran of over two decades at United , winning 13 Premier League titles and two Champions League crowns in 963 appearances , and took over as manager for the final four games of the 2013-14 season after Moyes was dismissed . "  I am thrilled to have the chance to serve as assistant manager , " the 40-year-old said Monday , before announcing his retirement from playing . "  Louis van Gaal is a world-class coach and I know I will learn a lot about coaching from being able to observe and contribute at such close quarters . "  Manchester United has been a huge part of my life and I 'm delighted to be able to continue that relationship in such a key role . "  Today is a new chapter filled with many emotions -- immense pride , sadness , but most of all , excitement towards the future . United fans I hope will share and echo my belief that the club , the management and owners , are doing everything they can to return this great club to where it belongs , and I hope to be there every step of the way . " Despite Van Gaal 's impressive track record , his appointment is potentially risky . Former Germany international Mehmet Scholl , who worked with the Dutchman during their time together at Bayern , warned United players not to expect an easy ride . "  He 's very strict and severe . So the players just have the chance to follow him or they are out , and he takes the next players , " Scholl recently told UK newspaper The Guardian . "  Players  are not computers . Sometimes the brain is full . And he still wants  you  to learn , to learn , to learn , high level , every day . Is it annoying ? No . It 's exhausting . They lose power . That 's what happened at Bayern Munich . " Although Van Gaal impressed during his first stint in charge at Barcelona -- between 1997-2000 -- he lasted less than a year in the job upon his return in 2002 , with a string of bad results proving to be his downfall . "  If you treat your people bad , they remember , " Manchester City chief executive Ferran Soriano , who worked alongside the Dutchman at the Camp Nou , told Britain 's Daily Telegraph . "  One day you make an error and they kill you . I 've seen this in many clubs . Louis van Gaal has been a very good coach in many clubs but his style is very difficult . The same thing happened to him in Barcelona as in Bayern Munich . "  He is very tough , people do n't like him , but he wins . And one day you do n't win -- and when you do n't win , everybody that is angry with you will come back to you and try to kill you . "  In the movies this works , in real life it does n't . " Van Gaal , who had been linked with Tottenham Hotspur until the United job became available , will be given a large transfer budget as he attempts to bring success back to the club . The likes of Bayern midfielder Toni Kroos and Southampton 's England World Cup defender Luke Shaw have been linked with moves to Manchester .	Louis van Gaal appointed as manager of Manchester United The Dutchman succeeds David Moyes after he was sacked last month Van Gaal brought in to bring success back to the club after a difficult season He appoints Ryan Giggs as assistant , and Welshman ends playing career
CNN  -- Amid our vacations , fireworks and barbecues Wednesday , it 's easy to forget that we are actually commemorating the signing of the Declaration of Independence . The most famous phrase from that document is one of our nation 's founding values : "  All men are created equal . " As it happens , this July Fourth week brings two significant victories for that value that are worth celebrating . Most Americans are probably not aware that since 2011 , more than two dozen measures have passed that will make it more difficult for some eligible citizens to vote , denying them the opportunity to participate equally in our democracy . Too often , it appears that politicians are trying to manipulate voting laws to save their jobs and pick their voters , rather than allowing all voters to choose their politicians . The good news is that the public , the courts and some elected officials have fought these new restrictions in several states , including Ohio , Maine , Missouri and , just Tuesday , Michigan . Another view : Voter ID laws are common sense To the surprise of many -- at the urging of good government and voting rights groups , several editorial pages and many of Michigan 's citizens -- Gov. Rick Snyder vetoed a package of restrictive voting laws in that state . One of the bills would have restricted voter registration drives . Under that bill 's proposed rules , the League of Women Voters of Michigan , which has conducted voter registration drives for decades , would need to attend mandatory , state-approved training sessions . But the law did not say how widely those trainings would be available . The law also would have required volunteers to sign an intimidating form threatening them with criminal prosecution for vaguely defined offenses .  In May , U.S. District Judge Robert Hinkle stopped a similar requirement in a Florida law , saying this can have "  no purpose other than to discourage voluntary participation in legitimate , indeed constitutionally protected , activities . " Also this week , the state of Florida confirmed it will likely not resume its purge of the voter rolls , which gained national notoriety and could have kept thousands of eligible citizens from voting in November . Florida Gov. Rick Scott claimed the purge was necessary to get noncitizens off the registration rolls . Of course , if a state confirms that noncitizens are on the rolls , it should take appropriate steps to remove them . But that is not what the Sunshine State was doing . Rather , the state created a list rife with errors that many local election officials warned from the start was inaccurate . This flawed list was used to send purge notices to hundreds of eligible citizens , disproportionately Hispanic and members of other minority groups . Among them was Bill Internicola , a Brooklyn-born 91-year-old WWII veteran , who said he was "  flabbergasted " when he received such a letter . Another view : Economic policies will discourage Hispanics , not voter ID laws Last week , the same judge who stopped part of Florida 's registration law scolded the state for the "  major flaws " in its purge , which was "  likely to have a discriminatory impact " on the tens of thousands of newly naturalized citizens in the state each year . Moving forward , Florida must create strict and uniform criteria for developing purge lists , as suggested in the Brennan Center 's 2008 "  Voter Purges " report , one of the first systematic examinations of the chaotic and largely unseen world of purges . Sadly , the news is n't all good . The Brennan Center estimates that 16 states have passed restrictive voting laws that have the potential to affect the 2012 election . These states account for 214 electoral votes , or 79 % of the total needed to win the presidency . Elections should not be decided by politicians who manipulate voting laws for partisan gain . Improving our elections need not come at the expense of our shared value that all citizens should have the opportunity to participate in our democracy . If we truly want to make our election system better -- and get past the voting wars seen in Florida , Michigan and across the country -- the first step is to modernize voter registration , which could add more than 50 million eligible voters to the rolls , permanently . Even though voter files are kept on computers , citizens must fill out paper forms to register , and can be dropped from the rolls due to errors or address changes . Modernizing registration would use digital technology to enable citizens to register and stay registered to vote , and to update their registration online . In recent years , at least 21 states have moved forward to automate voter registration at Department of Motor Vehicle offices , a step supported by officials from both parties . Experiences in the states demonstrate that this increases accuracy and registration rates , minimizes the potential for fraud and saves money . All eligible citizens should have the opportunity -- and responsibility -- to vote . The right way to honor our Founding Fathers is to ensure their bold ideals of equality of opportunity are upheld . Let 's make our election system better , and reject measures that restrict access to the polls . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lawrence Norden .	Lawrence Norden : Since 2011 , more than two dozen restrictive voting measures have passed Fortunately , some states have rejected them , as Michigan did Tuesday , says Norden Florida will probably not resume its notorious purging of voter rolls , he says Norden : Modernizing voter registration could add 50 million eligible voters to the rolls
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece appeared Tuesday to be heading toward having its first elected government in 222 days as the leaders of three political parties signaled that talks among them were going well . Representatives of the three parties , New Democracy , Pasok and the Democratic Party of the Left , held talks at Parliament in Athens Tuesday evening , state broadcaster ERT reported . They will meet again Wednesday afternoon , it said . Evangelos Venizelos , head of Pasok , which placed third in Sunday 's election , said he believes a government could be formed by Wednesday afternoon , based on the current situation . In a televised address , he said he had proposed the formation of a national task force to renegotiate the terms of Greece 's unpopular international bailout . Greeks went to the polls Sunday as the country struggles to get out of the political and financial mire that threatens to drag down Europe 's common currency and spark a new global financial crisis . The center-right New Democracy party , which broadly favors Greece meeting international debt obligations , narrowly came in first place and has been holding talks on forming a coalition . It has three days from when the results were announced , on Monday afternoon , in which to form a government . The head of New Democracy said Monday he wants a wide coalition . "  There should be government of national salvation with as many parties as possible , " Antonis Samaras told reporters . The leader of the Democratic Party of the Left , Fotis Kouvelis , held talks Tuesday with Venizelos and Monday with Samaras . Samaras called the discussions with the fourth-place party "  constructive . " The leftist party has supported bailouts from international lenders while seeking to renegotiate the terms . With almost all ballots counted , New Democracy had won nearly 30 % of the vote , the Interior Ministry said , giving the party 129 seats in the country 's 300-seat Parliament . Alexis Tsipras , the fiery leader of the leftist Syriza party , which came in second , met with Samaras but said Monday he would not back a coalition . "  History and the people will judge them by their results , " Tsipras said of the parties backing the existing bailout deal with the creditors who are keeping Greece afloat . "  Shortly we will be vindicated . " What will Greek elections mean for the country 's future ? He said his party 's nearly 27 % showing had forced Greek leaders to realize the bailout is "  nonviable , " and said Syriza would press as a member of the opposition for the bailouts to be scrapped . Syriza , which campaigned against the terms of the bailout , got 71 seats . Pasok , which long dominated Greek politics , won 33 . Four smaller parties took fewer than two dozen seats each . The vote was widely seen as a referendum on whether Greece should remain tied to the euro , the currency used by 325 million people across 17 countries in Europe . The possibility of a "  no " vote roiled world markets , with some analysts warning that the collapse of the euro would cost $ 1 trillion . Samaras said he would build a government of "  parties that believe in the nation 's European orientation , that believe in the euro . " But he acknowledged that government budget cuts forced on the country by international lenders have caused suffering among Greeks . A wild election weekend for Greece , France and Egypt The new government will have to make changes "  in order for the Greek people to escape the torturous reality of unemployment and unbelievable difficulties that every Greek family faces today , " Samaras said after meeting with the president . International bailouts have kept Greece from defaulting in the face of an ongoing recession and low tax revenue , but lenders have demanded hugely unpopular government budget cuts in exchange . Some observers had predicted that efforts to renegotiate the bailout could lead to a run on Greek banks and deeper misery . The future of Europe : 3 scenarios The country must identify additional budget cuts by the end of June to be considered compliant with the terms of its bailout . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Europe 's powerful advocate for balancing budgets to build a strong basis for economic growth , had urged Greeks not to walk away from the international loan deals . "  We will stick to the agreements . That is the basis on which Europe will prosper , " Merkel said Saturday . As economic crisis bites , Greece 's children pay the price CNN 's Penny Manis , Christine Theodorou , Lonzo Cook , Richard Quest , Matthew Chance , Irene Chapple , John Defterios and Diana Magnay contributed to this report , along with journalist Pavlos Xirogiannidis .	NEW : Three of the four largest parties will hold more talks Wednesday Pasok 's leader says he thinks a government can be formed by the end of the day The Greek political and economic crisis threatens to drag down the euro The anti-austerity Syriza party came second in elections and will go into opposition
CNN  -- The Jacksonville , Florida , man accused of hacking celebrities ' online accounts for nude photos and other private information said Friday , "  I am very sorry for all of this . " A federal judge ordered Christopher Chaney , 35 , to appear in a California courtroom on November 1 to answer charges , a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office said . "  What I 'm most sorry about is that I had to drag my mom into all of this , and my family and my neighbors and they just want to live their lives , " Chaney told reporters . He did not respond to questions . Chaney is accused of hacking into the accounts of more than 50 celebrities , including movie stars Scarlett Johansson and Mila Kunis and singer Christina Aguilera . A grand jury indicted Chaney on nine counts of computer hacking for gain , eight counts of aggravated identify theft , and nine counts of illegal wiretapping . If convicted of all 26 counts , Chaney would face a maximum of 121 years in federal prison , U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. said . The aggravated identity theft charge alone carries a mandatory two-year prison sentence , he added . The suspect 's attorney , Christopher Chestnut , said his client "  remains very remorseful " and understands the importance of privacy . Still , Chestnut indicated the potential sentence appeared harsh . "  People who murder kids do n't get 120 years in prison , " he said . Earlier this week , Chaney told a reporter that he had became "  addicted " to the intrusion and "  did n't know how to stop . " "  I know what I did was probably one of the worst invasions of privacy someone could experience , " Chaney told CNN affiliate WAWS/WTEV in Jacksonville , Florida , on Wednesday . "  And these people do n't have privacy to begin with . And I was in that little sliver of privacy they do have . " The FBI 's Los Angeles office said he was arrested as part of "  Operation Hackerazzi , " which looked into computer intrusions targeting individuals associated with the entertainment industry . "  Unfortunately , Mr. Chaney was able to access nude photos of some of the celebrities and some of them were uploaded on the Internet , " Birotte said Wednesday . A recently circulated nude photo of Johansson is part of the investigation , he said . Chaney allegedly "  also took financial information , movie scripts and conversations that the celebrities believed to be private , " Birotte told reporters . In the interview with WAWS/WTEV , Chaney said the hacking "  started as curiosity and it turned into just being , you know , addicted to seeing the behind-the-scenes of what 's going on with these people you see on the big screen every day . " "  It just happened and snowballed , " he said , adding that he wishes it had never begun . Chaney said he felt "  almost relieved months ago " when authorities seized his computer because "  I did n't know how to stop doing it myself . I was n't attempting to break into e-mails and get stuff to sell or purposely put it on the Internet . It just -- I do n't know . " Authorities allege that Chaney distributed the photos he obtained illegally and offered them to celebrity blog sites . Some of the files , including private photographs , were posted online "  as a result of Chaney 's alleged activities , " authorities said in a statement . "  I 've had like six months to think about it , " Chaney said , "  it eats at me . ... When you 're doing it you 're not thinking about what 's going on with who you 're doing it to . " According to the FBI 's Los Angeles field office , investigators believe that Chaney used publicly available sources to mine for data about his targets . Once Chaney gained access and control of an e-mail account , "  he would obtain private information , such as e-mails and file attachments , according to the indictment , " the FBI said in a statement . Authorities allege that once Chaney hacked into a celebrity 's e-mail account , he would use the contact lists to find other celebrities ' e-mail accounts . This allowed him to add new victims , authorities charge . He allegedly set his victims ' accounts to automatically forward their e-mails to his account , Birotte said . This allegedly allowed Chaney to continue to receive celebrities ' e-mails even after a password was reset , authorities said . Chaney made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Jacksonville , Florida , on Wednesday afternoon , and was released on a $ 10,000 unsecured bond with the conditions that he ca n't use any computer or other device with Internet access and he ca n't have any controlled substances or excessive use of alcohol , said Laura Eimiller , an FBI spokeswoman in Los Angeles . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Josh Levs , Carey Bodenheimer and John D. Sutter contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect says , "  I am very sorry for all of this " Christopher Chaney says he was not attempting to sell private information he got from celebrity accounts Victims include Scarlett Johansson , Mila Kunis , Christina Aguilera The celebrity hacker suspect is ordered to appear in a Los Angeles court on November 1
CNN  -- The three friends pointed the nose of their 31-foot boat in the direction of the best fishing , near the oil rigs off the Louisiana coast . It was April 20 , a beautiful , calm morning . They caught a netfull . Hours passed into darkness . At around 9:45 p.m. , they looked out and saw what appeared , at first , like a flare . Bradley Shivers grabbed his binoculars . "  Man , this does n't look right , " he said to his buddies Scott Russell and Mark Mead . Shivers then reached for the boat 's radio to phone another rig . But then , over the airwaves : "  Mayday , Mayday , Mayday ! This is the Deepwater Horizon ! We are on fire ! We are abandoning the rig ! " Then a boom , an explosion . The fishermen were 18 miles away . "  It hit your chest , " Mead recalled . "  It was like a plane flying real low , really fast , " said Russell . "  It shook the boat . I mean , we knew it was bad . " Shivers radioed the Coast Guard . " ` Please , how many people can you hold on -LSB- your -RSB- boat ? ' " he was asked . " ` We do n't know , you know , maybe 20-25 , we 've never , basically ... this is a fishing boat . I mean , we 've never put that many people on it ... They 're like ` Please , please help ! ' Shivers threw the throttle down . As the Rambling Wreck sped toward the flames , they stowed their fishing gear and pulled out life jackets , floating pillows and rope . They put on life jackets . "  We knew people were in the water , " Russell recalled . "  We had to be ready to jump . " Mayday calls crackled on the radio . The 20 minutes it took the fishermen get to the rig felt like forever . What are we going to see when we get there ? Shivers thought . The men kept communicating with the Coast Guard , describing their coordinates and what they were hearing over their radio as they closed in on Deepwater Horizon . For a second , just a second , disbelief gripped them . Flames blazed across the water 's surface , jumping 500 feet . And the heat ... . People were flailing in the current , hurt , screaming . Others clung to life boats . "  We 've got friends that are missing , " someone shouted . "  Please go search ! " The Deepwater Horizon was enormous , its destruction so vast that the friends had to keep using their binoculars . "  You 'd see something floating in the water and we 'd go up and try to find out what it was . You know , is it a person ? " Shivers recalled . It would turn out to be debris . The fire was so loud . They worried there was something under the boat . Shivers thought : Is the rig gon na explode some more and send debris our way ? Russell stood on the bow , and shouted to a man in a life boat . "  Who 's in charge ? What do we need to do ? We 're trying to help . We 've got to have some direction . " He got no answer . There was only chaos . The Coast Guard was still not there . Time was compressed . Was it hours later ? It was . Crew and supply boats eventually arrived . When their job was done , the fishermen , wordless , exhausted , returned to shore . Months after the explosion , Mead is haunted by what he saw . A veteran deck hand , he had once experienced a fire on a charter boat . By comparison , Deeper Horizon 's was like an inferno . "  You do n't know the chills that went through me when I heard a Mayday ... a vessel in distress working on the water is bad enough , a Mayday -- that 's life and death , " he said . "  Could we have done more ? " Mead asks himself . "  There 's a sense of guilt even though we did all we could . " When he got home after that night -- some 36 or 40 hours later -- he said he needed his wife . She 's all he wanted . He fell asleep crying in her arms . Mead , who is now working to clean up the oil , constantly thinks about those frantic hours . He wonders , What if they had chosen to fish closer to the Deepwater Horizon ? "  We could have been sitting under that rig , " Mead said . "  We could have been on the victims ' list . " He said he 's taking anti-anxiety medications and though he rarely fought with his wife , he says he 's gotten short with her lately . Only adding to the stress , Mead said , the BP oil spill has destroyed his charter ship business . All the friends are weary , just as anyone in the Gulf , added Shivers . "  We 've gone through Hurricane Ivan , Hurricane Katrina and failing economies , from collapsing real estate markets , and , you know , you 've got to deal with this ? " he said . "  How much more do you have to put up with ? ... It really angers you , it really makes you just sick to your damn stomach . " Even more insulting , the friends say , is that they have not received a reply from BP or Transocean after numerous attempts -- as early as three days after their heroic efforts -- to share what they witnessed with the companies . They have left messages with BP and Transocean 's hot lines and claims departments and sent e-mails to the companies , Shivers said . " ` Hey guys , we were there . Can we tell ya what we saw ? Can we , you know ... I may have information that can help ya 'll out , ' " Shivers said , describing his messages . "  Zero calls . Nothin ' . No one 's ever called us back . " The men say they plan to sue BP for emotional distress . BP did not respond to attempts by "  AC360 ° " to get a comment for this story . "  You know , those guys out there that night on the ... on the rig ... , " said Russell . "  They thanked us , " Mead said . The three men who have made their life in the Gulf , who know rig workers , want this : No one should forget the men who were killed that day . "  There 's 11 families that I assume do n't have a father , do n't have a husband ... " said Mead . " -LSB- That 's -RSB- not supposed to happen when you go to work . " "  AC360 ° " producer Ismael Estrada contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Three friends were fishing 18 miles from the Deepwater Horizon on April 20 They arrived at the inferno before the Coast Guard Someone shouted to them : "  We 've got friends that are missing . Please go search ! " The men say they tried to tell BP , Transocean and received no response
South Africa may be the dominant force in Africa 's wine economy , but as the continent 's middle class emerges and disposable incomes increase , entrepreneurs in some unlikely destinations are making inroads in the fine wine industry . As the world 's eighth largest wine producer , South Africa 's wine trade contributed 26.2 billion rand  $ 2.4 billion  to the country 's economy with exports increasing by more than a quarter in 2013 , according to the South African Wine Industry Information and Systems . Matome Mbatha , market manager at Wines of South Africa , said that wine is becoming increasingly popular on the continent but the industry is still in its infancy outside South Africa . He added : "  The process of production and sustainability of wine in African nations , other than South Africa , still has a long way to go in order to be competitive in the global market . We are still to see another African country produce wine at the level and quality of South Africa . " By opening vineyards and chateaus across the continent , some of Africa 's lesser known winemakers are hoping to challenge that assertion and South Africa 's 350-year dominance of the region 's wine business . From fruity Chenin Blancs to rich-berry Cabernet Sauvignons , CNN takes a look at the next generation of "  New World " wines from some of Africa 's lesser-known producers . Charlevale  Zimbabwe Nestled in a plush Zimbabwean valley on the Nyamasanga River , the Bushman Rock Estate is one of the country 's most prominent vineyards , producing a range of fine wines . The Charlevale is the winery 's flagship tipple . A dry , oaked white wine blend of Semillon , Sauvignon Blanc and Muscat , the Charlevale has hints of fresh gooseberry and an acidic , lemony finish . Bushman Rock manager Jonathan Passaportis said a combination of high-altitude vineyards , hot summers and cool nights make land-locked Zimbabwe an ideal location for wine growing . He added : "  Whilst great wines are being made from Zimbabwean vineyards , some of which have received awards in international competitions , there is still room for growth in both quality and quantity . " Passaportis said that Zimbabwean wines are gaining recognition on the international stage as tourists visit the country 's vineyards . "  Our wines have more in common with traditional European wines and yet , as is the way with our wonderful continent , the old world grape varieties have been altered by our conditions , resulting in a truly Zimbabwean wine . " Visitors to the Bushman Rock chateaux can take away a case of Charlevale and Stellagalen , a classic red Bordeaux , for $ 25 . Leleshwa Sauvignon Blanc  Kenya A light and tropical blend with a summery aroma , the Leleshwa Sauvignon Blanc is the Rift Valley Winery 's flagship vintage . The wine is produced high up in Kenya 's Rift Valley , thousands of meters above sea level , and is owned by the Kenya Nut Company . Emma Nderitu , a spokesman for the winery , said : Leleshwa is "  unique in the sense that it is thought impossible to grow vines in this region . More than that it is thought that it ca n't be a good quality wine . " With a growing consumer base and plans to expand around Africa , the Rift Valley Winery , which sits on the equator , is proving that good quality wine can be produced in extreme climates , according to Nderitu . But she added that the winery does not have enough volume to export to European and U.S. markets yet : "  We are currently intensively expanding our vineyards to cover 250 hectares ... we have received requests to export here but we are still at our expansion phase . " A Leleshwa Sauvignon Blanc retails in local supermarkets for about $ 6 and the brand 's red wine for $ 7 . Dodoma wine  Tanzania Tanazania 's Dodoma region produces three wines -- dry white , red and "  natural sweet . " Khadija Madawili , technical manager at SABMiller Tanzania , said the red wine has a smooth , rounded taste and is best with "  Nyama Choma , " a local delicacy of roasted spiced meat , while the "  natural sweet " wine is the perfect complement for light salads or simply enjoyed as an aperitif . The Dodoma region is home to a number of varieties including Chenin Blanc , Shiraz , Cabernet Sauvignon and Makutupora , a local dry red . Madawili added that the dry earth and sandy soil , combined with low humidity , is perfect for producing dry white and red wines in Dodoma . She said : "  We have two harvests seasons a year , in March and August/September . After harvest the farmers leave the plants to rest for only one month . " Ifrikia Rouge Reserve  Tunisia With a deep maroon color and sweet aroma similar to port , Ifrikia Rouge Reserve is a Cabernet blend with a smooth flavor and a rich tangy aftertaste with hints of raspberry . Ifrikia Rouge Reserve , made by Domaine Atlas in Tunisia , is produced in the foothills of the Atlas Mountains , a series of peaks that run through northwest Africa . Just 10 kilometers from the sea , the vineyards are located in the middle of Cap Bon , a peninsula in the northeast of the country , which boasts a Mediterranean climate with wine-growing conditions similar to parts of Spain and Italy . And at $ 7 dollars a bottle , Ifrikia competes on cost with many of its European counterparts . Tej  Ethiopia For something very different , but very traditional , Tej is an East African honey wine , primarily consumed in Ethiopia . The white wine , which can be either sweet or dry depending on the amount of honey used , also includes Gesho , which is a buckthorn shrub native to the Horn of Africa nation . Harry Kloman , an expert on Tej and Ethiopian cuisine , said that there are very few , if any , wineries that produce Tej as the wine tends to be homemade or served in a "  Tej Bet , " a bar that specializes in the wine . Araya Selassie Yibrehu is one of the producers to have mastered the art of Tej brewing over the years . He said : "  Unlike other wines my Tej and Tej-based wines are all ` happy drinks ' that have a delicate taste and are thirst quenching . It 's a great stimulating aperitif and complement to most dishes or desserts . " Yibrehu added that sales of Tej wine are increasing internationally as social media and international wine competitions raise awareness of alternative African wines . He said : "  It has also taken tremendous effort to bring these ethnic , but ancient wines to the 21st century recognition ... Obviously , my goal is to keep producing these delicious Tej wines . " Tej costs between five to 15 Ethiopian birr  26 cents to 78 cents  locally .	South Africa is continent 's biggest wine producer , but other countries also make wine Tanzania , Ethiopia , Zimbabwe all hoping to compete with South Africa Kenya 's Rift Valley has a unique climate for its vineyards Non-South African wines still have a way to go , says one expert
CNN  -- Bulgarian and Greek police have arrested at least 11 people for allegedly trafficking babies , authorities in both countries said Tuesday . Six people were arrested in Greece , including a doctor and lawyer , while five people were detained in Bulgaria , according to a statement from the Bulgarian interior ministry . The investigation , dubbed "  Operation Babies , " discovered 14 cases of women who had agreed to sell their newborns , it said . A spokesman for the Greek police said 12 people were arrested -- seven in Greece and five in Bulgaria . Pregnant women from poor families in Bulgaria were brought to Greece , where they were given a place to stay before and for a few days after the birth of their children , the Bulgarian statement said . Clients paid up to 20,000 euros for a boy and around 15,000 euros for a girl , it said . The mothers were reportedly given no more than 1,500 euros per child . The police spokesman in Greece said the price of the baby also depended on the color of its skin . Most clients were childless couples , he said . Police were tipped off by a woman who gave birth to a baby girl in Greece , the Bulgarian ministry said . She reportedly refused to leave the child , which was then taken from her by force , said the statement . The baby is expected to be reunited with her mother . Journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	Authorities in Bulgaria , Greece arrest around a dozen people They are accused of having sold babies in Greece Clients are said to have paid between 15,000 and 20,000 euros per child
CNN  -- In what might be one of the oldest corrections in the history of journalism , the editorial board of a Pennsylvania newspaper has retracted its predecessor 's famous panning of President Abraham Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address as "  silly remarks . " "  Seven score and ten years ago , the forefathers of this media institution brought forth to its audience a judgment so flawed , so tainted by hubris , so lacking in the perspective history would bring , that it can not remain unaddressed in our archives , " the editors of The Patriot-News wrote Thursday , evoking the opening words and style of Lincoln 's most famous speech . Back then , the editors of the Patriot & Union newspaper -- an ancestor of today 's Harrisburg paper -- thought so little of Lincoln 's "  silly remarks " that they hoped "  the veil of oblivion shall be dropped over them , and that they shall be no more reposted or thought of . " Oopsie . History did n't cooperate . While mildly received on its delivery , the November 19 , 1863 , speech marking the consecration of the national cemetery at Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , has gone on to become one of the most famous pieces of writing in the American canon -- inscribed on monuments , taught to schoolchildren and frequently surfacing in cultural references . "  Four score and seven years ago , " Lincoln wrote in the speech 's famous opening line , "  our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation , conceived in liberty , and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal . " Filmmaker Ken Burns recently urged all Americans to learn and recite the speech , calling the address "  some of the most important words ever spoken . " Americans reciting the Gettysburg Address And so , on Thursday , the newspaper set the record straight : "  The world will little note nor long remember our emendation of this institution 's record -- but we must do as conscience demands , " the newspaper wrote . "  In the editorial about President Abraham Lincoln 's speech delivered Nov. 19 , 1863 , in Gettysburg , the Patriot & Union failed to recognize its momentous importance , timeless eloquence , and lasting significance . The Patriot-News regrets the error . "	Pennsylvania newspaper called Lincoln 's remarks "  silly words " 150 years ago That newspaper 's successor has retracted its editorial The 150th anniversary of the speech is November 19
Forty years after they were convicted by a jury of firebombing a grocery store in Wilmington , North Carolina , civil rights activists who became known as the "  Wilmington 10 " were pardoned Monday by the state 's outgoing governor . "  These convictions were tainted by naked racism and represent an ugly stain on North Carolina 's criminal justice system that can not be allowed to stand any longer , " said Gov. Beverly Perdue . "  Justice demands that this stain finally be removed . " In 1972 , nine black men and one white woman were convicted in the store firebombing in the coastal city despite their claims of innocence and their supporters ' vehement argument that the defendants were victims of racially biased prosecutors . Their sentences were reduced in 1978 by the state 's governor then , Jim Hunt , and two years later their convictions were overturned in federal court for reasons of misconduct by the prosecutors . But until Monday there were no pardons , and the sting of the guilty verdicts still followed the six surviving members of the group that was known nationwide as the Wilmington 10 . Perdue said that among the key evidence that led her to grant pardons of innocence were recently discovered notes from the prosecutor who picked the jury . The notes showed the prosecutor preferred white jurors who might be members of the Ku Klux Klan and one black juror was described as an "  Uncle Tom type . " Perdue also pointed to the federal court 's ruling that the prosecutor knew his star witness lied on the witness stand . That witness and other witnesses recanted a few years after the trial . Timothy Tyson , a North Carolina historian and a visiting professor at Duke University , said he was given the notes two years ago and started to go through them recently when the NAACP called again for pardons for the Wilmington 10 . "  It was pretty shocking stuff , " he told CNN on Monday . There were at least six potential jurors with "  KKK Good !! " written next to them , he said . Next to a woman 's name it said , "  NO , she associates with Negroes . " On the back of the legal pad , the prosecutor , Jay Stroud , had apparently written the advantages and disadvantages of a mistrial , Tyson said . One of the advantages was a fresh start with a new jury . Stroud told the Wilmington StarNews in October that the handwriting on the legal pad was his , but people were misinterpreting his notes . "  I could have had an all-white jury , but I did n't want to do that . Why would I leave a KKK on the jury ? " Stroud said . He told the newspaper that he wanted "  blacks who could be fair " on the jury . It was actually the second jury that ruled on the case . The first jury was dismissed after a mistrial was declared when Stroud said he was ill . That jury had two whites . Tyson said the early 1970s were "  really hard and really bad " and a "  bubbling cauldron " of racially heated struggles in the state . North Carolina had the largest number of Ku Klux Klan members in the country , he said , but there was also a strong African-American freedom movement . "  The time  was seething with anger and resentment and fear and rage , " he said . And one of the Wilmington 10 was the Rev. Benjamin Chavis , whom Tyson described as a handsome , fearless civil rights leader who came from a brilliant family . He was a threat to the "  old guard " of North Carolina leaders . Chavis was a target for police even before the firebombing occurred , Tyson said . Chavis , who would become the head of the NAACP in 1993 , was paroled in 1979 . Most of the others involved in the case struggled after they were set free . "  Things went badly for them , " Tyson said . "  Many of them had their health broken in prison . "	Outgoing governor says convictions were "  tainted by naked racism " Governor 's decree says finally that "  Wilmington 10 " members were innocent One former member went on to become leader of the NAACP Members of group have been out of prison for years , some have died
CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Monday reiterated his call for a comprehensive package of steps against gun violence as the focus on possible Senate legislation appeared to narrow to expanded background checks and limited ammunition magazines , rather than a ban on semi-automatic rifles that mimic assault weapons . Obama took part in a discussion with Minneapolis officials before telling police officers and others that an increase in gun violence nationwide , including the Connecticut school massacre in December , made it vital to address the issue now . "  No law or set of laws can keep our children completely safe , " Obama said in calling for "  basic , commonsense steps to reduce gun violence . " He added , "  if there 's one life we can save , we 've got an obligation to try . " Obama emphasized his support for banning semi-automatic rifles modeled after military weapons as part of an updated version of an earlier weapons ban that expired in 2004 . Opponents led by the influential National Rifle Association , oppose any ban on weapons , and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has indicated that such a provision faced an uphill struggle . Reid told ABC on Sunday that he backed expanding background checks to private gun sales at shows and other steps , but he refused to endorse a ban on what are called assault-style rifles modeled after military weapons . Obama shooting image gets blasted on the Web A popular version is the AR-15 semi-automatic rifle that can be purchased with magazines holding 30 rounds . A similar weapon was used in the Connecticut school shooting that killed 20 first graders and revived a national focus on tougher gun control measures . While Obama and some top Democrats , including Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , seek a ban on many semi-automatic rifles , the NRA and politicians from both major parties oppose such a move as an infringement on constitutional rights . In his remarks Monday , Obama rejected that argument , urging supporters to tell opponents of renewed weapons ban that "  there 's no legislation to eliminate all guns ; there 's no legislation being proposed to subvert the Second Amendment . " Obama 's trip to Minneapolis was intended to raise attention to steps taken in the city , including a recent regional gun summit hosted by Mayor R.T. Rybak and Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett . Both cities have experienced mass shootings in recent months , and Obama met with two Minneapolis-area law enforcement officials last week when he discussed the issue with local police and sheriffs department members at the White House . The NRA and its leading supporters in Congress argue that steps proposed by Obama wo n't work and would fail to address the problem . For example , they say criminals skirt background checks , so expanding the system would miss the main target of the legislation . They also contend that the semi-automatic rifles targeted by Feinstein in a proposal introduced last week are used in a fraction of the nation 's gun violence . Gun debate : Where is the middle ground ? Obama and other supporters of stronger gun control measures say all possible efforts must be made to address what they call a chronic and growing problem of gun violence , particularly involving vulnerable targets such as students . Reid of Nevada is the top Senate Democrat , who sets the chamber 's legislative schedule . He said Sunday that he wants the Judiciary Committee to produce a bill that could be debated by the full Senate and would be open to proposed amendments by any senator . However , Reid signaled that the committee version would lack the ban on assault-style weapons . "  If Dianne Feinstein , by the time it 's through the Judiciary Committee , if she does n't have her assault weapons , at least let her have an opportunity to offer this amendment " on the Senate floor , Reid told ABC . Reid , who noted he owned guns and was a former law officer , said he opposed the Clinton-era assault weapons ban that expired midway through the Bush administration . He called for expanding background checks and steps to halt federal gun trafficking while saying the Senate should "  take a look at " unspecified limits on ammunition magazines . Asked about backing he has received from the NRA , Reid said that "  just because they resist it does n't mean we ca n't do things . " Other steps under consideration include better monitoring of people with mental illness to prevent them from obtaining guns . Democrats have said the background check measure would stand the best chance of garnering bipartisan support , including from some pro-gun Democrats . Even if passed by the Senate , a gun bill would face tougher scrutiny in the Republican-led House . Obama said Monday that lawmakers in Congress from both parties were working together on plans that would expand background checks to all gun purchases and criminalize "  straw purchases " in which legal gun owners buy weapons for people prohibited from doing so . The faces of America 's gun debate Guns sold through private sales currently avoid background checks -- the so-called gun show loophole . Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York said last week that he was in talks with colleagues -- including several who are ranked highly by the NRA -- on possible legislation to expand background checks on private gun sales . Sources close to both Schumer and Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma told CNN the two were in serious discussions about co-sponsoring a bill to strengthen background checks . Schumer sits on the Judiciary Committee , while Coburn is a former member . However , NRA chief executive Wayne LaPierre told the panel that the current background check system does n't work , so expanding it would only create an unmanageable government bureaucracy instead of reducing gun crime . During the Super Bowl on Sunday night , a group called Mayors Against Illegal Guns broadcast an ad showing the NRA 's LaPierre , in 1999 , endorsing the expanded background checks his group now opposes . Supporters of gun control argue that the constitutional right to bear arms can be limited , for example , by the existing ban on private citizens possessing grenade launchers and other military weaponry . However , Denver University law professor David Kopel said last week that the Supreme Court made clear that gun control could not include weapons used commonly by law-abiding citizens , such as the top-selling AR-15 that Feinstein 's legislation would ban . CNN 's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report	NEW : Obama says no law can stop all gun violence , but the nation must try NEW : Obama continues to call for reviving a ban on some weapons A Senate leader questions if a weapons ban will be part of a legislative package The focus on gun control is revived after the Connecticut school massacre
CNN  The United Nations ' top human rights official has called on Myanmar 's leaders to "  unequivocally condemn " an ultra-nationalist Buddhist monk who labeled a visiting U.N. rapporteur a "  whore " at a protest . Ashin Wirathu , the leader of the far-right , anti-Muslim 969 movement , made the remarks about Yanghee Lee , the U.N. 's Special Rapporteur on Myanmar , at a public rally on Friday . "  Do n't assume you are a respectable person , just because of your position , " he said in the speech , footage of which was widely circulated on social media . "  To us , you are just a whore . " The comments drew a sharp response from the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein , who described Wirathu 's remarks as "  sexist , " "  insulting " and "  utterly unacceptable . " "  I call on religious and political leaders in Myanmar to unequivocally condemn all forms of incitement to hatred , including this abhorrent public personal attack , " he said in a statement released from Geneva Wednesday . "  It 's intolerable for U.N. Special Rapporteurs to be treated in this way . " Lee was on a 10-day visit reporting on the human rights situation in the predominantly Buddhist southeast Asian country , which is emerging from a half-century of military rule . She had spoken out about the crisis facing the country 's 1.3 million-strong Rohingya Muslim minority , most of whom live under apartheid-like conditions in Rakhine state , with limited access to adequate healthcare and education . Since an outbreak of communal violence between Buddhists and Muslims in 2012 , more than 130,000 live in wretched displacement camps they are forbidden to leave . Lee also criticized proposed law changes backed by the monks , including a bill restricting interfaith marriage and religious conversions . She made reference to Wirathu 's comments in a statement this week . "  During my visit , I was personally subjected to the kind of sexist intimidation that female human rights defenders experience when advocating on controversial issues , " she said . Wirathu was jailed in 2003 for inciting anti-Muslim violence , but released in an amnesty nine years later . Myanmar 's Minister of Information and presidential spokesperson Ye Htut posted comments on his Facebook page indicating he would ask the Ministry of Religious Affairs to look into Wirathu 's speech . READ MORE : ` Caught between a hammer and an anvil ' READ MORE : Rohingya "  not welcome " READ MORE : Curfew imposed after deadly violence READ MORE : Aung San Suu Kyi 's ` silence ' on the Rohingya	Wirathu , an ultra-nationalist Buddhist monk in Myanmar , calls U.N. official a "  whore " U.N. human rights chief responds sharply , calling on Myanmar 's leaders to condemn him Wirathu is the leader of the 969 movement , blamed for stoking anti-Muslim sentiment
CNN  -- Chief Clerk Walter Dimmick was convicted of stealing six bags of gold coins -- worth $ 30,000 -- from the U.S. Mint in San Francisco in 1901 . More than 100 years later , a California couple unearthed a secret stash of coins , with a combined face value of about $ 28,000 . Most were minted in San Francisco . Coincidence ? Sure is , said Adam Stump , spokesman for the U.S. Mint . "  We do not have any information linking the Saddle Ridge Hoard coins to any thefts at any United States Mint facility , " he told CNN . The spokesman was responding to the latest wave of speculation that kicked off after The San Francisco Chronicle published a report Monday , suggesting a turn-of-the-century heist could explain the possible provenance of the coins . Separately , Stump told the newspaper : "  We 've done quite a bit of research , and we 've got a crack team of lawyers , and trust me , if this was U.S. government property we 'd be going after it . " The coins from the 1901 heist were never found . The so-called Saddle Ridge Hoard was discovered by a husband and wife in February 2013 on their property in Northern California . Though the coins have a face value of approximately $ 28,000 , experts believe they could fetch in excess of $ 10 million . The treasure is known as the Saddle Ridge Hoard because it was discovered near a hill the couple called Saddle Ridge . A golden mystery The husband and wife were walking their dog when they spotted something metal on the ground . They dug and eventually discovered eight metal cans , containing more than 1,400 gold coins . Restoring and cleaning the coins has taken months . No one knows how they got there , or whom the coins might have belonged to . Don Kagin , of Kagin 's , Inc. , is assisting the owners , who wish to remain anonymous . "  The best theory is that -- and this is collaborated somewhat with doing some research , title searches , etc. from back in 1800s -- that someone in the mining business , as he got his remuneration , his bonuses , whatever , he would take the gold from the banks and put it into the ground in these cans , " he told CNN . "  Back then , they did n't always trust the banks . " Kagin dismissed the idea that the coins could be connected to the turn-of-the-century heist . "  If you had robbed the U.S. Mint in 1901 , you 'd have 1901 , 1900 , 1899 coins . But instead what you have here are coins from 1894 and before , " he said . "  We vetted this long time ago . We know the story of Dimmick . The only thing that is remotely similar is the amount of value . " The coins , in $ 5 , $ 10 and $ 20 denominations , date from 1847 to 1894 . Many are in pristine condition , including at least 14 coins that are considered the finest known for their date and mint mark . A highlight from the hoard is an 1866-S No Motto Double Eagle , valued at close to $ 1 million . "  Nothing resonates like buried treasure , " Kagin said , as a smile broke across his face . "  These are not just coins , but they are artifacts . They tell a story ... They speak to us . It 's like holding history in your hands . " The couple is planning to sell most of the collection . Some will be sold on Kagin 's website , but most on Amazon , probably in May . "  Unlike other hoards and treasures , this one includes a great variety of coins struck over many different years , and many of the coins are still in pristine condition , " Kagin said . "  And add to that a wonderful human interest story : this family literally found the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow . " These coins could change history Rare coin collection set to make a mint Bought for $ 3 at yard sale , bowl sells for $ 2.2 million Fisherman hooks statue of ancient Greek god Apollo CNN 's Dan Simon and Steve Forrest contributed to this report .	"  We vetted this long time ago , " says someone assisting the owners of the coins In 1901 , gold coins worth some $ 30,000 were stolen from the U.S. Mint in San Francisco Last year , a California couple unearthed a stash of coins that had a similar face value "  If this was U.S. government property we 'd be going after it , " a mint spokesman says
CNN  -- If you 're landing in the middle of the Republican National Convention in Tampa , Florida , or the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , you 'll probably spend much of your time inside the convention hall cheering and voting for your candidate and collecting all those colorful hats and buttons delegates like to wear . Yet there is much fun to be had beyond the convention walls in Tampa and Charlotte , even if you only have a little bit of free time in either city . With the Republican National Convention opening Monday , August 27 , Tampa is up first . CNN.com decided to ask Tampa Tribune food writer Jeff Houck , author of the popular food blog , "  The Stew , " for his nonpartisan recommendations for a good time in his city . Whether you just have an hour , an afternoon , a day or the luxury of an overnight trip , here are his recommendations for a great time . If you only have an hour : "  Tour the Tampa Theatre . Built in 1926 , its interior , designed by architect John Eberson , makes it one of the most spectacular movie palaces in the country . Designed in the atmospheric style that mimics an outdoor Mediterranean setting , the ceiling blinks with 99 twinkling stars and puffy clouds that appear to float by . "  Taken over by the city of Tampa in the 1970s and placed on the National Register of Historic Places , Tampa Theatre remains home to independent films , first-run movies , classic flicks and local events . It is magical and wonderful and makes even the worst film at least 33 % better just by showing it there . Plus , the theater is next door to the Hub , one of Tampa 's best dive bars . You could spend an hour there hugging a PBR and picking songs on a nicotine-stained jukebox . " If you have an afternoon : "  Tour the Dali Museum in St. Petersburg . The home to works which span the surrealist master 's entire career , the collection features 96 oil paintings , sculpture , photos , drawings and an archive of documents . Plus , the museum just moved into a spectacular new building worthy of his absurd body of work . "  It is n't every day you get to see "  The Discovery of America by Christopher Columbus " and "  The Hallucinogenic Toreador " and the lobster phone . The gift shop is a must-visit . A set of Dali-designed tarot cards makes a lovely souvenir . " Take the whole day : "  You ca n't visit Florida and not go to a theme park . Spend the day in Tampa at the African-themed Busch Gardens Tampa Bay screaming your lungs bloody aboard the roller coaster SheiKra . With its delayed 90-degree drop after hanging 200 feet above Mother Earth , SheiKra is less of a thrill ride than a gravity propelled , 3,188-foot-long physics-induced exorcism . If that 's not enough for you , there are other spine-rattling rides on which you can test your stomach 's capacity for high-velocity jostling . And exotic animals . And beer . " The luxury of an overnight : "  In 1924 , Thomas Rowe had a dream to build a pink castle on the sugar-fine sand of St. Petersburg Beach . His resort for the ultra-rich became what is now known as the Loews DonCeSar Resort . Posh does n't begin to describe this 277-room playground . Anything that was good enough for F. Scott Fitzgerald should be good enough for you . "  Just know that the ` Pink Lady ' is just feet from the shoreline of the Gulf of Mexico , the sunsets are spectacular , the food at the Maritana Grille is extraordinary and the rooms and day spa are beyond luxurious . During certain times of year , sea turtles lay eggs on the beaches . Even they know posh when they swim up to it . " For more travel advice on Tampa and Charlotte , check out our convention smackdown .	The Tampa Theatre is one of the most spectacular movie palaces in the country The Dali Museum just moved into a new building worthy of the artist 's body of work Posh does n't begin to describe the Loews DonCeSar Resort , a 277-room playground
Financial Times  -- Michael Woodford , the whistleblowing ex-chief executive of Olympus , will seek up to $ 60m of compensation from his former company at an employment tribunal hearing scheduled to start on Monday in east London . The hearing has been postponed until midday , however , which could allow time for the two parties to settle . The British executive is claiming unfair dismissal and discrimination after he was sacked just two weeks after becoming chief executive in October . Mr Woodford 's removal from his job came after he raised concerns that eventually led to the exposure of a Â ¥ 130bn  $ 1.6 bn  accounting scandal at the Japanese maker of optical equipment . Mr Woodford is expected to sue for up to 10 years of lost earnings . At the time of his dismissal , he had almost four years to run on his contract . The hearing is scheduled to last five days and will hinge in part on whether Mr Woodford 's dismissal falls within the London tribunal 's jurisdiction . If unsuccessful , Mr Woodford could sue for defamation in the High Court of England and Wales , or launch proceedings against Olympus for breach of contract in Japan . Mr Woodford initially campaigned to be reinstated as chief executive , before announcing plans to take legal action against Olympus in January . The Japanese camera maker has struggled to draw a line under the scandal . Shares in Olympus fell by more than 80 per cent in the weeks following its disclosure and are still less than half their pre-scandal levels . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Michael Woodford , the whistleblowing ex-chief executive of Olympus , will seek up to $ 60M The British executive is claiming unfair dismissal and discrimination after he was sacked His allegations led to resignations and arrests of top Olympus officials
Health.com  -- Are you pessimistic , chronically worried and stressed-out , and ill at ease socially ? You may be at higher risk of heart attack and other heart problems , a new study suggests . People with a history of heart disease who are prone to negative thinking , gloom , and inhibition -- a personality profile known as Type D  for "  distressed "  -- are nearly four times more likely to experience heart attack , heart failure , heart rhythm disorders , death , and other negative outcomes compared to heart patients with a different personality profile , the study found . Health.com : Surprising heart attack risks "  There is a clear connection between heart risk and psychological risk factors , and those people who have this personality and lack social support have higher risk of health problems , " says Nieca Goldberg , M.D. , director of the Women 's Heart Program at New York University 's Langone Medical Center .  Goldberg was not involved in the new study . The lead author of the study , Johan Denollet , Ph.D. , a professor of medical psychology at Tilburg University , in the Netherlands , first proposed a Type D personality in the mid-1990s , after he and his colleagues observed that distressed heart-attack survivors had higher short-term mortality rates than people with more upbeat personalities . Type D personalities are "  characterized by negative emotions like anxiety , frustration , and anger , and at the same time score high on social inhibition , meaning that they are less likely to disclose emotions , " Denollet says . Health.com : 10 things to say  and not say  to someone with depression The Type D personality was modeled after the better-known Type A and B personalities , which grew out of heart research conducted in the U.S. in the 1950s . The aggressiveness , impatience , and hostility that characterizes the Type A personality has long been linked to an increased risk of heart disease . Experts do n't fully understand why the Type D personality appears to affect heart risk . Genes may be partly responsible , but the chronic stress associated with Type D traits is also a likely culprit . Consistently high levels of one stress hormone , cortisol , are a known risk factor for heart attack . "  Stress hormones and stress reactions are great in fight-or-flight -- like when a prehistoric man was being chased by a saber-toothed tiger -- but they are not so good when they flood your body 24/7 , " says Karol Watson , M.D. , the co-director of preventive cardiology at UCLA 's David Geffen School of Medicine . Health.com : Job killing you ? 8 types of work-related stress Type D personalities may also turn to smoking , alcohol , overeating , and other unhealthy behaviors as a way of coping with their emotions , Watson adds . And , as Denollet points out , "  Type D 's are less likely to exercise , and -LSB- are -RSB- also rather poor at adhering to medical treatment or advice by their doctors . " In the study , which appears in the journal Circulation : Cardiovascular Quality and Outcomes , Denollet and his colleagues re-analyzed data from 19 studies comprising more than 6,000 people .  Denollet led many of the studies himself . They found that heart patients with type D personalities were 3.7 times more likely than those with other personality types to experience future heart problems . In addition , the Type D patients were three times more likely to experience depression , anxiety , and other forms of emotional distress . The link between heart risk and Type D personality persisted even after the researchers took into account whether the study participants were depressed . This suggests that Type D personality presents a health risk independent of depression , a condition that itself increases the risk of heart disease . Health.com : Loneliness hurts the heart Type D personality and depression are not the same thing , although there is some overlap between them . While depression tends to occur in episodes , the emotional distress associated with Type D personality is chronic and may never reach the level of clinical depression , according to the study . The findings shine a light on a high-risk population , Goldberg says , adding that doctors should ask patients about their social support systems in an effort to identify those who may have Type D traits .  For just that purpose , Denollet and his colleagues have developed a questionnaire that asks patients to rank how well 14 statements -- such as "  I take a gloomy view of things " and "  I find it hard to start a conversation " -- apply to them . Health.com : 7 types of therapy that can help depression Type D personalities are n't doomed to heart problems , but they should be aware of their risk and take precautions , such as enrolling in cardiac rehabilitation if they 've had a heart attack , the researchers say . "  Type Ds need to take a more active approach toward their own health , " Denollet says . "  They may benefit from counseling , so that they can learn how to deal with everyday stressful situations in a more adaptive way . There are some proactive tools and actions that these people can take to get rid of the negative emotions they keep inside . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2010	If you 're pessimistic and chronically worried you may be at higher risk of heart attack A person with a Type D personality is four times more likely to have heart problems As a way of coping , Type D personalities may turn to smoking , alcohol , and overeating Type D personalities are n't doomed to heart problems , but should take precautions
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Track star Oscar Pistorius broke down in court Thursday , the fourth day of his murder trial , as a neighbor described the grisly scenes when he tried to save the athlete 's girlfriend after a fatal shooting on Valentine 's Day 2013 . The amputee sprinter , 27 , nicknamed "  Blade Runner , " has pleaded not guilty to all four counts against him , saying the killing of model Reeva Steenkamp , 29 , was a tragic error and he mistook her for an intruder . In graphic testimony , witness Johan Stipp , a doctor who lived close by , said he went to Pistorius ' residence after hearing shots fired . He said he saw Steenkamp mortally wounded , her brain tissue mixed with blood and Pistorius praying for her to live . "  I remember the first thing he said when I got there was , ' I shot her , I thought she was a burglar and I shot her , ' " Stipp told the court in Pretoria . He said he had arrived and found Steenkamp 's body lying at the bottom of the stairs . Pistorius was bent over her body with his left hand over her right groin and two fingers of his right hand in her mouth as he tried to clear her airway . Stipp tried to assist and said he found no signs of pulse in her neck , no peripheral pulse nor breathing movements . As the doctor described the details of her injuries to the court , Pistorius broke down with his head in his hands . He was also seen convulsing but then recovered and wiped his face and nose with a handkerchief . Stipp , who said he had trained in the army with assault rifles and 9 mm pistols -- the gun that killed Steenkamp -- said he had been surprised to hear no ambulance had been called when he arrived . He left after it did . Lawyers are battling over whether the world-famous athlete killed his girlfriend on purpose or by mistake when he fired four bullets through a closed bathroom door at her . ` He wanted her to live ' Stipp told the court he did not realize Pistorius lived in the house until the day after the shooting when his wife told him . The doctor was later cross-examined by defense attorney Barry Roux , who has been working toward establishing that Pistorius was the one heard screaming after the shots were fired . Roux said he had consulted three specialists and the autopsy and asked Stipp : "  That person after the shots would not have been able to scream . That person would be nonresponsive , does that make sense to you as a medical doctor ? " "  It does , " Stipp replied . The prosecution interjected , saying Steenkamp could have screamed after the first shot . Earlier in the week , prosecutor Gerrie Nel , reading a report from an expert , told the court that of the four bullets fired toward Steenkamp "  the fourth bullet hit her in the head . She then died . " Pistorius sat impassively during the exchange between Roux and Stipp . He leaned forward , his head down in his hand , as his attorney asked Stipp if the athlete had wanted Steenkamp to live . "  He definitely wanted her to live , yes , " Stipp replied . "  He looked sincere to me . He was crying ; there were tears on his face . " After the court adjourned for the day Thursday , Pistorius was in tears as his sister consoled him . Witness grilled over notes Earlier Roux had cross-examined another neighbor who testified that he heard shouting from Pistorius ' house before the shooting . Charl Johnson , husband of the trial 's first witness , was back on the stand after the defense team wanted to retrieve notes he had taken in the weeks after the shooting . Roux grilled Johnson about the notes such as "  the screams did not sound like fighting but more like the panic and distress calls of being attacked . " Roux established that Johnson and his wife , Michelle Burger , thought they were hearing noise from a house break-in and not from an act of domestic violence . Nel said Roux was taking individual sentences out of context . Johnson also testified he owns the same caliber gun as the one that killed Steenkamp and he has fired a firearm before and knows what it sounds like . When Roux asked if he has heard it from the distance of one house to another , he said did not have a similar experience to relate it to but was convinced he knew what the noise sounds like regardless of distance . Defense pokes holes The prosecution has put up several witnesses who live near Pistorius and say they heard shouting before the four gunshots that night , while his defense attorney has grilled them relentlessly to raise doubts about their version of events . Roux on Wednesday said he had no doubt that Johnson believed what he was saying -- but that whether what he was saying was true was a different question . The defense only has to show that there is reasonable doubt Pistorius intentionally killed Steenkamp . Judge Thokozile Matilda Masipa will decide whether Pistorius is innocent or guilty . South Africa does not have jury trials . Johnson and his wife have testified to hearing shouts from Pistorius ' house before a series of gunshots around 3 a.m. Johnson told investigators he and his wife did n't discuss their versions of events with each other . But on the stand , Johnson said he did discuss how many shots he and his wife heard and the timing of those shots . "  You and your wife could just as well have stood together in the witness box , " Roux remarked . For witnesses to be considered reliable , they have to maintain independent versions of events , Roux said . "  You failed , Mr. Johnson , " he said . The lawyer then questioned Johnson on whether what he heard that night was indeed gunshots . Roux said the sounds could have been Pistorius trying to break down the bathroom door with a cricket bat . Pleading not guilty Lawyers had briefly detoured Wednesday into another of the four charges Pistorius faces , related to the discharge of a gun he was holding in a crowded restaurant in Johannesburg about a month before the killing . Pistorius pleaded not guilty Monday to one charge of murder and a firearms charge associated with Steenkamp 's killing as well as the two gun indictments unrelated to her death . The trial is expected to take at least three weeks . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence , with a minimum of 25 years . Pistorius also could get five years for each gun indictment and 15 years for the firearms charge . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence , and could be looking at up to 15 years on that charge , experts said . Picture of a dream couple Pistorius and Steenkamp were a young , attractive , high-profile couple popular in South Africa 's social circles . Pistorius , whose "  Blade Runner " nickname reflects the special prostheses he uses while running , won six Paralympic gold medals and became the first double-amputee runner to compete in the Olympics , in London in 2012 . Cover girl Steenkamp , who was soon to star in a TV reality show , was on the cusp of becoming a celebrity in her own right . But on February 14 , 2013 , Steenkamp lay lifeless in a pool of blood on the floor of her boyfriend 's house in an upscale gated community in Pretoria . Moments before , Pistorius said , he had pointed his 9 mm pistol toward an upstairs toilet room and fired four bullets through the locked door . In court documents , Pistorius has said he heard a noise from the bathroom in the middle of the night and -- feeling vulnerable without his prosthetic legs on -- charged toward the bathroom on his stumps . He has said he shot through the toilet door to protect himself and Steenkamp . "  I felt a sense of terror rushing over me , " he said in his court affidavit . "  There are no burglar bars across the bathroom window , and I knew that contractors who worked at my house had left the ladders outside . "  It filled me with horror and fear of an intruder or intruders being inside the toilet . I thought he or they must have entered through the unprotected window . As I did not have my prosthetic legs on and felt extremely vulnerable , I knew I had to protect Reeva and myself . " Prosecutors are painting a different picture . They say the pair had an argument and that Steenkamp locked herself in the toilet . At last year 's bail hearing , the state said Pistorius put on his prosthetic legs , collected his gun from under the bed and walked down the hall leading from the bedroom to the bathroom before unloading a flurry of shots through the door . Pistorius is not claiming self-defense ; he is claiming to have been mistaken about his need for self-defense . He is denying he intentionally , unlawfully killed Steenkamp . He has never denied killing her . The case has put the spotlight on South Africa 's rampant gun violence and high crime rates . Roughly 45 people are murdered every day , according to police statistics , and the number of home burglaries is up 70 % in the last decade . In 2012 , more than half of South Africans told the country 's police force they were afraid of having their homes broken into . In his affidavit , Pistorius said he had been the victim of violence and burglaries before , including death threats . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Emily Smith , Robyn Curnow , Nick Thompson , Ashley Fantz and Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	NEW : "  He definitely wanted her to live , " witness says about Oscar Pistorius Witness says he saw Reeva Steenkamp had been mortally wounded "  I thought she was a burglar and I shot her , " witness quotes Pistorius as saying Defense attorney grills another witness on notes taken of fatal shooting
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One of the most unexpected controversies of the Obama administration came to a head Tuesday as the president delivered a hotly debated back-to-school speech to students across the country . President Obama speaks to students Tuesday at Wakefield High School in Arlington , Virginia . Many conservatives expressed fear over the past week that the president 's address would be used to push a partisan political agenda . Obama , however , avoided any mention of political initiatives . He repeatedly urged students to work hard and stay in school . "  There is no excuse for not trying , " he told students at Wakefield High School in Arlington , Virginia . Watch Obama speak to the students " "  This is n't just important for your own life and your own future . What you make of your education will decide nothing less than the future of this country . What you 're learning in school today will determine whether we as a nation can meet our greatest challenges in the future . " Read text of Obama 's speech to students  pdf Several Cabinet officials are slated to deliver similar messages at various schools across the country throughout the day . In the past week , news of Obama 's speech had upset some parents . "  Thinking about my kids in school having to listen to that just really upsets me , " suburban Colorado mother Shanneen Barron told CNN Denver affiliate KMGH last week , before the text of the speech was released . "  I 'm an American . They are Americans , and I do n't feel that 's OK . I feel very scared to be in this country with our leadership right now . " But Amy Veasley , a parent from the Dallas , Texas , area , said Monday that she was surprised by the controversy . "  The president of our country wants to call our students to action . I 'm not sure why parents would n't want their students to hear out the leader of our country , " she said . A Baltimore , Maryland , teacher who asked not to be identified bemoaned the fact that the country has "  become so polarized that we believe that our president is an enemy and not our leader . " During George W. Bush 's presidency , she said , "  whether I disagreed or not , I still saw him as a leader . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama 's speech White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Monday that "  it 's a sad state of affairs that many in this country politically would rather start an ` Animal House ' food fight rather than inspire kids to stay in school . " Some school administrators had decided to show the president 's speech , but others decided against it . And others were leaving the decision in the hands of individual teachers . One school district in Toronto , Ohio , decided to air the speech live for students in the third grade and up but not show it to younger children , according to CNN affiliate WTOV . Nine out of 550 students attending the Toronto schools showing the speech chose not to watch it , WTOV noted . Toronto Superintendent Fred Burns said the parents of the nine children were concerned that the speech was too political . Watch students respond to Obama 's speech " "  It 's a very charismatic speech , " Burns told WTOV . "  It 's very much a speech to help kids get involved in education and finish school . " Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , a possible contender for the GOP 's 2012 presidential nomination , said Sunday that Obama 's speech could disrupt an already-hectic first day of school for many students . "  I think there 's concerns about the disruption , " he said on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " calling the scheduling of the speech a "  little ham-fisted " by the White House . Watch CNN 's Ed Henry talk about school speech uproar " Education Secretary Arne Duncan , however , noted that Obama 's speech was not unprecedented . President George H.W. Bush delivered a nationally televised speech to students from a Washington school in fall 1991 , encouraging them to say no to drugs and work hard . In November 1988 , President Reagan delivered more politically charged remarks that were made available to students nationwide . Among other things , Reagan called taxes "  such a penalty on people that there 's no incentive for them to prosper ... because they have to give so much to the government . " Some of the controversy over Obama 's speech involved a proposed lesson plan created by the Education Department to accompany the address . An initial version of the plan recommended that students draft letters to themselves discussing "  what they can do to help the president . " The letters "  would be collected and redistributed at an appropriate later date by the teacher to make students accountable to their goals , " the plan stated . After pressure from conservatives , the White House distributed a revised version encouraging students to write letters about how they can "  achieve their short-term and long-term education goals . " Duncan said Sunday that the passage was poorly worded . Some politically conservative figures said they had no problem with Obama speaking to students about education . "  I think there is a place for the president ... to talk to schoolchildren and encourage " them , former first lady Laura Bush told CNN Monday . Parents should follow Obama 's example and "  encourage their own children to stay in school and to study hard and to try to achieve the dream that they have , " she added . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich said on "  Fox News Sunday " that Obama 's speech was a good idea if the message is a positive one about completing school . "  It is good to have the president of the United States say to young people across America , ` Stay in school , study , and do your homework , ' " Gingrich said . Florida Republican Party Chairman Jim Greer accused Obama last week of trying to "  indoctrinate America 's children to his socialist agenda . " "  Now that the White House got their hand in the cookie jar caught , they changed everything , " he said Monday . After reading the text , he said , "  My kids will be watching the president 's speech , as I hope all kids will . "	President Obama speaks to students about education 's importance "  There is no excuse for not trying , " Obama says Secretary of Education Arne Duncan says speech not unprecedented Some school administrators did not show speech ; others let teachers decide
CNN  -- Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos rescued sunken treasure in the Atlantic this year : components of two F-1 rocket engines . Now he says he has verified that they are engines from Apollo 11 , the first mission that took U.S. astronauts to the moon . The timing , as Bezos is aware , is appropriate . Saturday is the anniversary of the 1969 moon landing . "  44 years ago tomorrow Neil Armstrong stepped onto the moon , and now we have recovered a critical technological marvel that made it all possible , " Bezos wrote on his blog . Bezos congratulated the conservation team at the Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center in Hutchinson , Kansas , for its efforts . One of the conservators discovered that the number "  2044 " had been stenciled in black paint on the side of one of the massive thrust chambers . He found it while using a black light and a special lens filter . This 2044 was not a mystery . According to Bezos , it corresponds to NASA number 6044 , the serial number for F-1 Engine No. 5 from the Apollo 11 mission . The conservator continued his work on this thrust chamber and , after removing more corrosion , found a stamp on the metal surface that said "  Unit No 2044 . " "  Conservation is painstaking work that requires remarkable levels of patience and attention to detail , and these guys have both , " Bezos said of the Kansas conservators . An Internet retail mogul might seem an unusual patron of Apollo 11 artifacts and history . But Bezos said he was inspired to dream big by watching the original moon mission as a 5-year-old in 1969 . More in space news : OK , everybody , wave at Saturn ! The Amazon chief announced in March that his team of researchers had discovered a set of giant rocket engines that he described as "  an underwater wonderland -- an incredible sculpture garden of twisted F-1 engines . " They were found in 14,000 feet of water off the Florida coast . F-1 engines powered the Saturn V rocket carrying Neil Armstrong , Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins on the Apollo 11 mission to the moon . At an altitude of about 38 miles , the first stage of the spacecraft , including the engines , separated . These parts were considered destroyed or lost forever . Bezos had said in 2012 that he wanted to find the Apollo 11 rocket engines but noted that many serial numbers are completely or partly missing . "  The components ' fiery end and heavy corrosion from 43 years underwater removed or covered up most of the original serial numbers , " he wrote on his blog Friday . More in space news : Gold comes from collisions of dead stars , scientists say Each of the engines weighs nearly 9 tons , and they came in a cluster of five . They provided 32 million horsepower by burning 6,000 pounds of fuel every second , and together , they lifted the largest rocket in history 38 miles above the Earth in less than three minutes . After separation , the rocket engines made their re-entry at 5,000 miles per hour , Bezos said , and then plummeted into the ocean . That 's where they remained , undiscovered for decades , until Bezos ' team found them using sophisticated sonar . "  The technology used for the recovery is in its own way as otherworldly as the Apollo technology itself , " Bezos wrote in March . "  The Remotely Operated Vehicles worked at a depth of more than 14,000 feet , tethered to our ship with fiber optics for data and electric cables transmitting power at more than 4,000 volts . " His team felt the echoes of the moon mission as they probed the icy depths of the ocean : "  The blackness of the horizon . The gray and colorless ocean floor . " Having taken space venturers to the moon , the engines are now the treasure of a different breed of explorers . Bezos said he intends to put the hardware on display "  where just maybe it will inspire something amazing . " Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Conservator found serial number of Apollo 11 rocket engine Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos had sought to confirm engines were from that famous mission A Bezos-led team recovered the engines in March from the depths of the Atlantic Saturday marks the 44th anniversary of the 1969 moon landing
United Nations  CNN  -- The opposition Syrian National Council called Monday for urgent military intervention on the part of the international community to help halt the grinding violence and protect civilians . The SNC , an umbrella group that represents the opposition abroad , also demanded a no-fly zone across Syria and a "  speedy operation " to arm the Free Syrian Army , a group of fighters made up primarily of defectors from forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad . "  Sympathy messages are no longer enough . ... What is needed is actions on  the  ground and decisions and measures against Assad 's gangs , " the group said in a statement after a meeting in Turkey . Its demands came as diplomatic efforts to resolve the yearlong Syrian conflict faltered . The U.N. Security Council took up the issue of Syria again on Monday , with the United States and Britain pushing for quick action on a resolution and Russia warning against a "  take-it-or-leave-it " approach . All sides called for an immediate end to the violence even as an opposition group said that dozens of women and children in the city of Homs had been stabbed and burned to death over the weekend . "  There is a growing understanding of the need not to talk to each other on the basis of take-it-or-leave-it , but bring the positions together and be guided not by the desire of revenge , of punishment , who is to blame and so on and so forth , but by the basic interests of the Syrian people , " Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told reporters after the Security Council met . "  And this requires an immediate end of violence as the number one priority . " Lavrov invoked the specter of Libya , whose government was overthrown last year after U.N. Security Council resolutions authorizing NATO enforcement of a no-fly zone to protect innocent civilians led to widespread bombing of Libyan military forces . He cited reports that members of al Qaeda are responsible for fomenting violence in Syria and pointed to the Free Syrian Army as also being to blame . Still , the Russian foreign minister described a cease-fire in Syria as "  an absolute must . " He said he hoped weekend meetings between al-Assad and Special Joint Envoy Kofi Annan "  would succeed in developing some ideas which would make it possible for us to agree on how to stop the bloodshed immediately , how to stop the fighting , irrespective of the source of the violence . " For others at the meeting , the fount of the violence was not in doubt . "  The United States believes in the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all member states , but we do not believe that sovereignty offers a grant of immunity when governments massacre their own people , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters . She described as "  cynical " the Syrian army 's "  fresh assault on Idlib and continuing its aggression in Hama , Homs and Rastan , " even as al-Assad was meeting with Annan in Damascus . In an acknowledgment that Russia and China last month vetoed a Security Council resolution that would have condemned al-Assad and called on him to step aside , Clinton called on "  all nations , even those who have previously blocked our efforts , " to speak with one voice in calling for the killings of civilians to end and a transition to democracy to begin . Valerie Amos , U.N. humanitarian chief , described as "  clear deadlock " the situation on Syria at the world body . "  It 's not an ideal situation , " she told CNN . "  But we have to keep working on this , we have to keep trying , because there are people who need help . " Amos said she recently returned from a refugee camp across Syria 's border with Turkey , where she spoke with displaced Syrians "  who were very angry about what 's happening in Syria and being abandoned by the international community . " Asked whether Annan had left Damascus empty-handed , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said it was "  far too early " to draw that conclusion . "  He has said that he has made proposals . Clearly , all concerned will be taking some time , but I hope not much time , to react to those proposals , " he said . The U.N. 's Human Rights Council met Monday in Geneva , Switzerland , to discuss an International Commission of Inquiry report issued last month . The report said Syrian government officials were responsible for "  crimes against humanity " committed by security forces against opposition members . Monday 's diplomatic efforts came in the wake of continuing bloodshed . In the Syrian city of Homs , at least 45 women and children were stabbed and burned to death , opposition activists said Monday . The massacre took place late Sunday , activists said . The killings occurred in the Karm al Zaytoun neighborhood , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition network . The Adawiya neighborhood of Homs was also involved , according to the London-based Syrian Network for Human Rights . Children were stabbed to death in front of their mothers , and women and girls were sexually assaulted and then shot , the network said . Hadi Abdallah , a spokesman for the opposition Syrian Revolution General Council , said the attacks occurred after "  Syrian forces and thugs " stormed homes . Life and death under Syria 's military onslaught The LCC called the killings a "  massacre orchestrated by the regime " of President al-Assad . Another 108 people were killed Sunday nationwide , activists said . The LCC reported Monday 's death toll was 44 . Tuesday will be a day of mourning across Syria , the LCC said . "  Stores should remain closed ; work , universities , and schools should not be attended ; and streets should be blocked , " the group said in a statement . "  We urge everyone to participate , even if only symbolically , by wearing black ribbons , raising black flags , or wearing black . " CNN 's Arwa Damon : Activists say no optimism for peace After sunset Sunday , a live video feed online from opposition activists showed bodies from the Homs massacre . The Syrian Network for Human Rights described a scene of brutality , saying the men were separated from the women and children and "  systematically tortured " for hours . Some were sprayed with gasoline and set afire , while others were shot , the network said . Activists recovered 31 bodies , the human rights network said . Others were burned , and still others were taken to unknown locations by security forces . Syrian state-run media said the bodies shown were killed by "  armed terrorist groups , " which the government blames for the violence in the nearly year-long uprising . "  The terrorist armed groups have kidnapped scores of civilians in the city of Homs , central Syria , killed and mutilated their corpses and filmed them to be shown by media outlets , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . On Monday morning , state-run TV aired a montage of telephone calls reportedly from Homs . The anchor listened to callers denouncing the killings and blaming the Karm al Zaytoun massacre on what they called anti-government armed gangs . The state-run news agency reported that 15 army and law enforcement "  martyrs " targeted by armed terrorist groups were buried Monday . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or attacks in Syria because the government has severely restricted the access of international journalists . But the majority of reports from inside Syria indicate the regime is slaughtering civilians to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . The al-Assad family has ruled Syria for more than four decades . CNN 's Hala Gorani : Witness to killing fields The United Nations says more than 7,500 have died in the past year , and at least one activist group says more than 9,000 people have been killed . A funeral was held Monday for American Marie Colvin , one of several journalists killed in Homs , on Long Island , New York . She and French photographer Remi Ochlik were killed February 22 in a shelling attack on a makeshift media center in the neighborhood of Baba Amr . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Bharati Naik , Kareem Khadder , Salma Abdelaziz , Hamdi Alkhshali , Kamal Ghattas , Holly Yan and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : The Syrian National Council also urges a no-fly zone At least 45 women and children are said to have been stabbed and burned to death Tuesday will be a day of mourning , an opposition group says Nations agree on little beyond the need to end the violence
CNN  -- During a recent meeting , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin provided encouragement and sang patriotic songs with 10 agents who were expelled from the United States this month after they were accused of spying , state media reported . "  I am sure they will work in decent places . I am sure they will have an interesting and bright life , " Putin told reporters Saturday as he described his meeting with the group , state media RIA-Novosti said . Putin , a former KGB officer , said that betrayal allowed the spy network to be uncovered , adding that he knew the names of those responsible , RIA-Novosti reported . Betrayers "  always end up badly taking to drink or drugs , in a gutter , " he said , according to the news agency . The 10 Russian agents pleaded guilty in the United States earlier this month for failing to register as foreign agents and were ordered out of the country . In Washington , Attorney General Eric Holder said none of the 10 had passed classified information and therefore none had been charged with espionage . But U.S. officials said the group had been under observation by federal authorities for more than a decade . White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel told PBS ' "  NewsHour " that although the 10 agents did n't plead guilty to being spies , they "  were clearly caught in the business of spying . " After the pleas , the agents were ordered out of the country and the United States and Russia completed an elaborately choreographed spy swap , using chartered planes to exchange the 10 agents convicted in the U.S. with four Russians who had been imprisoned for alleged contact with Western intelligence agencies . Putin told reporters Saturday that the life of a spy is difficult . "  Imagine - they have to master a foreign language as your own , think and speak it , fulfill tasks in the interests of their motherland for many years without counting on diplomatic immunity , " he said .	Putin says he sang patriotic songs with expelled agents in a recent meeting The prime minister tells reporters that betrayal exposed the spy network State media reports that Putin knows the names of those responsible The agents were deported earlier this month after pleading guilty to failing to register
When the global financial crisis struck in 2008 , markets across the world reeled , the housing market turned on its side , redundancies were rampant and the investment landscape transformed overnight . As banks turned off the taps on loans , budding entrepreneurs without a track record had to find new ways to raise capital to fund growth . Along came crowdfunding , which allowed the power of people to finance projects . As a return on their investments , these so-called crowdfunders gained an equity stake , and often a sense of pride from having financed something they believe in . Anyone who has an idea for a creative concept can post it on a website and ask backers to fund it , whether it be a new product , gadget or artistic project . Highly-connected , mobile and flexible , the crowdfunding model can react to change faster than traditional companies . CNN recently visited Hamburg-based start-up Protonet , which turned to the crowds for financing its secure personal servers which are produced onsite . "  We said ok , this is what we 're going to do . We 're going to take our story and our vision of what we believe the future should look like , and tell it to the crowd and see what happens , " explained Ali Jelveh , founder of Protonet , to CNN 's Diana Magnay at the company 's office . What happened next ? In less than an hour and a half , Protonet had raised $ 1 million . "  It 's a profit-sharing agreement , so if we get big and have huge success , which we 'll hopefully have , you 'll be a part of that . Plus , you also get one of our latest products , "  said Jelveh . Protonet 's crowdfunding accounts for about 65 % of its total investment . "  I believe that in the future we will see companies that are 100 % crowdfunded , " added Jelveh . Crowdfunding taps into an online community with the goal of generating small contributions from large numbers of people . The dilemma for the crowdfunding industry ahead is to sort out the level of risk involved , who companies are actually marketing to and who they want to invest in their platforms , said Ben Yearsley , head of investment research for Charles Stanley Direct "  So the future is interesting . There 's a need for funding but you 've got this issue of risk and the levels of investment that have to be solved , " Yearsley told Magnay . It 's an industry that is finding its feet , but some believe that the crowdfunding approach will have a place in how businesses are funded in the future . "  If you look at how start-ups were financed before , many of them raised 100,000 Euros through friends and family which is like crowdfunding , " said Oliver Gajda , chairman of the European Crowdfunding Network . "  So this is bringing this to the digitalized world , the tools that we have into the public , and I think this is what is driving the change , " said Gajda , who forecasts that many entrepreneurs ahead may first have a round of business angel funding and then move on to crowdfunding to help reap the benefits of marketing while also raising capital . While Protonet celebrates another sale of one of its servers , the small German start-up thinks the crowd could become a powerful force in finance . "  I think it 's going to be an earthquake , and I believe it 's going to fundamentally change the way things are funded , " said Jelveh .	Crowdfunding 's goal is to generate small contributions from large numbers of people New products and gadgets are posted online , seeking backers for funding Crowdfunding is similar to a start-up model , with friends and family raising funds
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Haitians took recovery efforts into their own hands Thursday as aid workers trickled into the quake-battered capital where impassable roads , damaged docks and clogged airstrips slowed the arrival of critically needed assistance . Using chisels , blowtorches and bare hands , one group of Haitians worked for 24 hours to free a man pinned under a collapsed school ; still others -- possibly including students -- were trapped inside . Across town , an 11-year-old girl pleaded for water and screamed in pain as a group of people painstakingly tried to lift a piece of metal off her right leg . After sunset , they managed to set her free . Those scenes of Haitians banding together to free their neighbors played out across the capital while the few rescue crews who managed to make it into the hillside city came face-to-face with the death and destruction caused by the massive quake . The stench of corpses wafted in the air after two days under the hot sun , and throughout the city people covered their faces to block the odor . At one of the city 's cemeteries , people were opening old crypts and shoving the corpses of quake victims into them before resealing them , CNN 's Anderson Cooper reported . As night fell on the streets of Port-au-Prince , there were signs of progress . CNN correspondent Chris Lawrence watched as workers loaded bodies of quake victims , which had been piled on the sides of roads , into the basket of a front-loader tractor . It deposited them into blood-stained dump trucks lining the street . Watch as dogs help in rescue efforts Roads leading from the port city 's dock into town were buckled about 5 feet high , and large cargo ships could n't tie up at the damaged port . Rubble-strewn roads , downed trees and a battered communications network hampered humanitarian groups trying to get supplies to victims , and thousands of people left homeless by Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake roamed the streets . Raymond Joseph , the Haitian ambassador to the United States , said Thursday that the priority of arriving military personnel will be to clear the roads . Watch a student tell how she tried to flee "  The Port-au-Prince airport is going to be overloaded -LSB- with -RSB- supplies and there 's going to be no way to distribute it because the roads are blocked , " he told "  The Situation Room , " calling for heavy machinery to move the debris . U.S. flights into the Port-au-Prince airport were grounded several times Thursday because ramp space was too crowded , a spokeswoman for the Federal Aviation Administration said . As of Thursday afternoon , 34 planes were on the ground in Haiti and up to 12 planes were in a holding pattern waiting to land , an FAA official said . One problem , the official said , is the lack of resources to unload planes on the ground . "  We do n't have enough water , we do n't have enough medical supplies , we do n't have enough blankets , " Dave Toycen , president of World Vision and a 35-year veteran of disaster response , told "  Larry King Live . " "  People are n't getting the help they need and it 's just unacceptable . " CNN 's Cooper came across the family of a 28-year-old woman named Brigitte Jean Baptiste , on their way to the cemetery . They were pushing a wheelbarrow with a coffin carrying her body precariously balanced on top of it . The woman was pulled from the rubble alive Thursday morning , but her family could n't find a doctor to treat her . "  She could have been saved , but we did n't find any help , " a family member said . See CNN 's complete coverage of the quake The rescue and recovery efforts have become priorities for nations across the globe , including the United States . "  Even as we move as quickly as possible , it will take hours and in many cases days , to get all of our people and resources on the ground , " President Obama said Thursday morning . "  Right now in Haiti , roads are impassable , the main port is badly damaged , communications are just beginning to come online and aftershocks continue . " Obama announced $ 100 million in aid and said , "  This is one of those moments that calls for American leadership . " He tapped former Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton to help lead humanitarian and fundraising efforts . Watch as social-media sites help in search During an appearance before the House Democratic Caucus Retreat later Thursday , Obama again addressed recovery efforts in Haiti , saying , "  My national security team understands that I will not put up with any excuses for us not doing the very best in this time of tragedy . " Other countries and agencies also allocated millions in aid . Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley said he estimates at least 30 countries have pledged meaningful assistance that has already reached Haiti or is on its way . Speaking at the United Nations , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said "  one of the most heartening facts in this otherwise heartbreaking story is the dimension of the international response . " Watch the chaotic situation outside a hospital Precise casualty estimates were impossible to determine , and Ban said it will be days before an "  educated guess " can be made about what he thinks will be a high death toll , with authorities saying it could be in the thousands or even the hundreds of thousands . At least 22 U.N. peacekeepers were killed in the quake , Ban said Thursday . Also among the dead is Joseph Serge Miot , the Roman Catholic archbishop of Port-au-Prince . The U.S. government announced on Thursday the death of a U.S. citizen , identified as cultural affairs officer Victoria DeLong . A seminary in Iowa said one of its students apparently had also died . Impact Your World : How you can help But thousands of injured people have survived , and the calamity has overwhelmed doctors . Medical teams with the aid group Doctors Without Borders have treated more than 1,000 people . The group said it has seven charter flights stocked with staff and supplies ready to travel to Port-au-Prince , but thus far , only one has been able to fly into Haiti . Watch as U.N. chief gives grim update The United States and other countries were dispatching medical supplies , facilities and personnel . As of Thursday , more than 300 military personnel were on the ground in Haiti . That number is expected to top at least 5,000 by early next week with the arrival of 3,000 troops from the 82nd Airborne Division and 2,200 Marines from the USS Bataan amphibious group of ships , according to military officials . The U.S. Navy 's USS Carl Vinson is expected to arrive Friday , and the hospital ship Comfort is preparing to deploy Saturday morning to Port-au-Prince . It will carry 560 medical personnel and supplies . The U.S. Coast Guard has also dispatched ships to the area . Are you there ? Submit an iReport Eight search-and-rescue teams from the United States and other countries began their work in Port-au-Prince to search for residents trapped in their homes and for others who are unaccounted for , including 150 members of the United Nations staff . A U.N. security officer from Estonia was pulled alive from the rubble of the U.N. headquarters Thursday , in what Ban called "  a small miracle during a night which brought few other miracles . " Crowley said another person was rescued Thursday from the heavily damaged Hotel Montana in Petionville . "  I think the Haitian people are very sturdy and they are fighters , " Haitian ambassador Joseph said . "  I think we 'll live through this . " CNN 's Eric Marrapodi , Chris Lawrence , Rick Hall , Rich Phillips , Ivan Watson and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Blocked roads , crowded airport and damaged docks slow progress of aid People cover faces to block stench from piles of bodies President Obama promises $ 100 million in immediate relief aid to Haiti Government officials fear death toll might eventually run into six figures
CNN  -- The two people who died and the 19 others who fell ill at a central Arizona resort after spending time in a sauna-like "  sweatbox " were attending a program by self-help expert James Arthur Ray , authorities said Saturday . Two people died and were 19 injured after spending up to two hours inside this "  sweatbox " at an Arizona resort . The dead were identified as James Shore of Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and Kirby Brown of Westtown , New York , Sheriff Lloyd Waugh told reporters . They were among the 50 or so visitors at the Angel Valley Resort near Sedona attending Ray 's "  Spiritual Warrior " program . Nineteen others were treated for injuries sustained in the sweatbox , a dome-like structure covered with tarps and blankets . Hot rocks and water are used to create steam in the enclosed environment . Waugh said investigators are looking into evidence that "  may turn this into a criminal prosecution . " Investigators are looking into similar events held previously in other locations by Ray , who refused to speak with officers at the scene , Waugh said . A follow-up interview is expected to happen . Ray 's publicist , Howard Bragman , did not immediately return calls from CNN on Saturday . Ray posted a noted late Friday on his Twitter page , saying : "  I 'm shocked & saddened by the tragedy occurring in Sedona . My deep heartfelt condolences to family & friends of those who lost their lives . " On Saturday he posted another message , saying he 's "  spending the weekend in prayer and meditation for all involved in this difficult time ; and I ask you to join me in doing the same . " The self-help guru is widely known for his programs that claim to teach individuals to create wealth through all aspects of their lives -- financially , mentally , physically and spiritually . Ray , whose company is based in Carlsbad , California , has appeared on a variety of national programs , including CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " In that appearance , Ray was about to address 3,000 people in Phoenix , Arizona . Asked what he thinks about critics of his teachings , Ray told King : "  Well , you know , it 's interesting , Larry , because any time a new idea comes to the fore , it goes through three phases . It 's first ridiculed . Then it 's violently opposed . And then it 's finally accepted as self-evident , normally after the opposition dies . " Angel Valley Resort advertises itself as "  a place to relax and heal ... where powerful earth energies are present and active . " It was founded in April 2002 by Michael and Amayra Hamilton , both of whom are teachers and counselors there . The resort is on 70 secluded valley acres 20 minutes from Sedona , surrounded by thousands of acres of national forest , according to the Web site . It has Internal Revenue Service nonprofit status as a religious organization , its Web site says . "  There are twenty marked vortexes and angel sites to experience connection with Earth and spirit , deep relaxation , and balancing , " an online brochure says . "  Angel Valley offers two labyrinths and an Angel Wheel for going inward , finding answers and getting insights . " No information about the sweat lodge could be found on the Web site Saturday morning , and numerous internal links were not functioning . The use of sweat lodges for spiritual and physical cleansing is a part of several Native American tribes ' cultures . A traditional Native American sweat lodge is a small dome-like structure made up of willow branches carefully tied together and covered in canvas . Rocks are heated in a nearby fire pit and placed inside the lodge , and water is poured over them to create steam . "  We are curious to find out what happened there , " Richard Moreno , a member of Pira Manso Pueblo tribe , told KPHO-TV . "  I 've been participating in the sweat lodge since the age of 3 and I 've never recalled being sick from being in the sweat lodge . " Moreno told the station he has never been to a lodge that held more than 20 people .	NEW : Illnesses occur during event led by author James Arthur Ray , reports say NEW : Evidence "  may turn this into a criminal prosecution , " sheriff says About 50 people had spent up to two hours inside the "  sweatbox , " officials said Resort is nonprofit religious organization , Web site says
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Having completed his Olympics gold rush , U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps is now poised to make another haul -- this time of the endorsement variety . Phelps already is collecting about $ 5 million a year in endorsement checks from companies like Visa -- payments that came after he won six gold medals during the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens , Greece . His performance in Beijing , where he won a record eight gold medals , puts him in line to earn much more . "  He may be at $ 30 , $ 40 , $ 50 million a year in endorsements after all this is said and done , " said David Harrow of the National Sports Lawyers Association . Even before the Beijing Olympics , Phelps collected a million-dollar bonus from one his sponsors , Speedo . iReport.com : Ask Michael Phelps a question "  Michael came out of the Athens Games an American sports hero , " said Michael Lynch , head of global sponsorship management at Visa . "  He 's coming out of these games a global sports icon . " Visa declined to say how much it pays Phelps , but whatever the amount , sports agents say they expect it to go up -- a lot . That could put him in the same stratosphere as soccer star David Beckham and golfer Tiger Woods , though Harrow doubted that Phelps is "  at the $ 87-million endorsement number of Tiger . " Phelps said he will look back fondly on his time in Beijing . Watch how Michael Phelps can cash in " "  Outside the pool , inside the pool -- there are tons of memories , " he said . "  Every single one I will remember for the rest of my life . " Much of the United States was caught in the wake of Phelps ' gold medal surge . And after the past week , it seems he may have made many new fans in China . "  He has done so much in these Olympics , " one woman said . "  He 's a hero . He 's great ! " "  I really , really worship him , " said one man . "  He 's really great . " For global companies looking for brand recognition in the world 's fastest growing economy -- one made of 1.3 billion people -- Phelps may be pure gold .	Phelps already is collecting about $ 5 million a year in endorsement checks Before the Beijing Olympics , Phelps collected a million-dollar bonus from Speedo Phelps could join soccer star David Beckham and golfer Tiger Woods in big money
CNN  -- Steve Carlotta 's family-owned camera store is struggling along with other mom and pop stores . But he 's found a way to compete with Internet stores and big-box chains . A sampling of one and five BerkShare notes , courtesy of Jason Houston Photography . Carlotta 's store accepts BerkShares -- a local currency in Great Barrington , Massachusetts . He credits it with helping keep local customers coming back to his store . And as U.S. dollars and credit vanish in this economic crisis , more communities are looking into printing their own currencies . This concept is n't new . During the Great Depression dozens of complementary currencies flourished as thousands of banks failed . Today , it 's estimated there are at least 2,500 complementary currency systems around the world , says Bernard Lietaer , a co-founder of the Euro and a local currency proponent . Watch how one town uses their own currency " In the United States , there are alternative currency systems in California , Wisconsin , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Michigan and Massachusetts . BerkShares are a form of local currency developed in the Berkshire region of Massachusetts two years ago . About 350 merchants accept BerkShares in addition to U.S. currency . People pay 95 federal cents to get one BerkShare or $ 95 for 100 BerkShares . Complementary currencies are colorful slips of paper designed with images of local scenes or landmarks . People can use this currency to purchase local goods and services . It 's designed to encourage locals to spend money within their own area . Paul Glover , the founder of the Ithaca Hours complementary currency for use in Ithaca , New York , has been bombarded with requests to help set up local currencies around the country . "  As the economy has fallen apart , my phone has been ringing off the hook , " Glover says from his home in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Printing and distributing local currency is n't illegal . But there are rules , says Lewis Solomon , a law professor at George Washington University . First , the currency can only be paper ; no coins are allowed . And the currency ca n't resemble a dollar . Finally , any income received in local currency must be taxed as if it were federal dollars . While local currency may not be helpful outside a town 's limits , residents say they use the money as a way of supporting their local community . Stephen Burke , the current director of Ithaca Hours , accepts the currency at his music store . He spends his Hours locally , too . Some like to know they 're helping a small business stay in business and compete with big chains that may not care about the community . "  Recently people have begun to understand the value of spending money locally , " Burke says . And businesses , in turn , use local currency as a way to promote their connection to the community and build loyalty . The 5 percent discount with BerkShares probably does n't hurt either . Susan Witt , the co-founder of BerkShares , has been consulting with officials from Newark , New Jersey , and nonprofit groups in New Orleans , Louisiana , and Alaska on how to start local currencies . "  The trouble in our global financial system has people very concerned , " says Witt . "  They do n't know how to fix it . It seems out of their control . The concept of a citizen group taking responsibility for its own regional economy and finding a way to issue a medium for exchange in its own area is such a powerful image . " Gwen Colgrove , a retired teacher in Lehigh Valley , Pennsylvania , is trying to garner support for a local currency in her area . "  I think the time is critical with the financial collapse , " she says . However , there are challenges . Some community members dismiss the idea of a local currency , arguing that it wo n't have much of an impact in a global economy . The local currency Colgrove is trying to launch is still only in the beginning stages . But thanks to the economy , residents are more enthusiastic about creating their own medium of exchange . "  If the economy were booming , people would n't be so interested , " she says . But creating a local currency is n't easy . First , there are the start-up costs . Witt 's group spent $ 250,000 in grant money to create the BerkShares . There are costs associated with designing a currency , printing costs , the costs of educating residents and businesses . And maintaining the whole program is expensive . Witt estimates Newark could spend about $ 1 million in implementing a local currency . And then there 's the labor . "  You have to have someone at the helm . Someone who is paid . " says Glover . "  A lot of communities start out with dedicated people . They get it going , but because they are all volunteers , the reality of having created a financial institution sinks in . And eventually , they just get exhausted . " Just printing the right amount of local currency is difficult . If you print too much currency , there 's the possibility of inflation . If you print too little , there are no economic advantages . Glover admits he started out idealistically . "  When I started Ithaca Hours , I thought I was releasing money like doves of peace that would fly around and land on people 's shoulders , " he says . Some economists are skeptical that complementary currencies will ever have much impact . "  They usually do n't hold up too well , or too long , " says Bert Ely , a banking analyst . "  It 's something that applies only in simple and closed situations . It lacks the flexibility and geographic breadth that currency has . " While there is a lot of idealism out there , local currencies usually break down , Ely says . And since the early 1990s , there have been about a dozen local currencies that have failed in the United States . To be sure , local currencies are a small part of the economic activity in a region . Witt estimates about $ 2 million in BerkShares that have circulated since the bills were first printed . She says currently there is about a 30 percent usage rate among residents . Jon Zaglin , the director of the Humboldt complementary currency project in California , says there 's about $ 130,000 in Humboldt currency that has been in circulation since 2005 . But advocates say that it 's not the scale of the program that makes it important . It 's about the connections that form around it . "  The bigger effect of BerkShares is the conversations it 's elicited , " Witt says . "  It 's a way to network and have healthy conversations about money , " Burke says . "  Ithaca Hours acts as money , but there is something beyond that . " "  It creates camaraderie , " he says . "  When someone comes into my store ... if they pay with a check or a credit card , we do n't talk . But when someone uses Ithaca Hours , you start a conversation . " And that keeps customers coming back .	Some communities are printing their own currency for local use It 's legal as long as currency does n't resemble U.S. dollars and is paper only Any income from business conducted in local currency is subject to taxes Some businesses say local currencies keep people spending locally
The end of the 50-year freeze in diplomatic relations with Cuba will mean many more U.S. travelers could be on their way to the neighbor island , only 90 miles from Key West , Florida . But the days of Havana as a glamorous destination for U.S. tourists -- as it was before the Cuban revolution ended legal U.S. travel there -- are n't returning quite yet . And while American visitors who do make it to Cuba will be able to return with rum and cigars , exporting them for sale in the United States still is n't in the works . Historic thaw in U.S.-Cuba standoff Americans already travel to Cuba in large numbers -- nearly 100,000 per year , according to Cuban government statistics . The numbers rose after Obama 's 2009 easing on some of the restrictions on travel to Cuba , including making it easier for Americans to visit family members there , and a subsequent 2011 announcement allowing for certain types of other trips . Now Obama is easing up restrictions for other kinds of visitors . Administration officials listed a host traveler types the federal government will now allow to visit : government officials , journalists , professional researchers , educators , religious officials , performers planning public presentations , humanitarians , emissaries of private foundations , and importers or exporters . Officials say all legitimate applications received by the Treasury Department 's Office of Foreign Asset Control -- the body that dispenses licenses to for Cuban travel -- will be approved . When they visit , Americans will be able to use their credit or debit cards on the island , a convenience previously banned . Agencies inside the United States will be permitted to organize trips . And American telecom equipment will now be allowed into Cuba , making communication with Americans easier . But the day when Americans can log online to book a vacation in Cuba has n't yet arrived . U.S. officials say the ban on tourism in Cuba is still in place ; the overall ban on travel to Cuba ca n't disappear without congressional changes to the law . "  The ban has to be lifted by Congress , " a senior administration official said . "  But the President is doing everything that he can with his authority to facilitate travel within the limitations of the law , and we believe that that will lead to a significant increase in travel . " Americans have long found ways around the travel ban to Cuba . U.S. citizens have been known to get around travel restrictions by stopping first in a country with flights to the island . Cuban customs officials are familiar enough with the practice to not stamp American passports when they cross their desks . 9 questions you were embarrassed to ask about Cuban embargo U.S. visitors will now be able to return to the U.S. with Cuban cigars , coveted for their quality . Cuban rum is also allowed -- Americans will be allowed to return with up to $ 100 worth of alcohol or tobacco . Those imports are only allowed for personal use , though , not resale . But with the latest crack in the long-standing travel ban , American travel companies were optimistic a new vacation market could soon be open to tourists . "  We look forward to the day -- hopefully soon -- when all Americans have the opportunity to travel to Cuba , " said Barney Harford , the CEO of travel booking website Orbitz . "  There are numerous economic , social and cultural benefits that will flow from free and open access and our customers are eager to visit Cuba . " MLB eyes U.S.-Cuba opening	The Obama administration eased travel restrictions to Cuba on Wednesday But that does n't mean U.S. tourists will overrun the island just yet U.S. resale of Cuban cigars and rum will still be banned
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Iranian-Americans demonstrated on the streets of Washington on Wednesday evening , marching from Iranian diplomatic offices to the Russian embassy , in protest of both governments ' actions . A Tuesday meeting of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , left , and Dmitry Medvedev has angered Iranian-Americans . The demonstration came in the wake of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev hosting Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Moscow on Tuesday , despite allegations of ballot fraud in Ahmadinejad 's re-election last week . "  We 're hoping that the world attention does not end from what the Iranians are doing right now , because this is not going to end in the next few days , because this is a long haul , a long battle , " said Washington protest and group organizer Morteza Ahmady . "  Iranians are very capable of deciding their own destiny . " The group Whereismyvote.org organized the demonstration of about 100 people and aims to build support for its "  global protest " this Saturday . "  I think it 's a very new thing from a historical point of view ; it 's a civic movement . People try to keep it as nonviolent and civil as possible , " said group organizer Negar Mortarzavi . In Russia , Ahmadinejad was welcomed as the "  newly re-elected president of Iran , " with Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov telling reporters , "  the issue of elections in Iran is an internal affair of the Iranian people . " Eighty-five percent of the country 's 46 million eligible voters went to the polls on Friday , an unprecedented turnout , Iran 's interior ministry said . When the ballots were counted , the government declared Ahmadinejad the winner , with 62.63 percent of the vote . The man many analysts had widely expected to win , Mir Hossein Moussavi , received 33.75 percent . The speed with which the election results were released -- two hours after polls closed -- insulted the Iranian people , said Ahmady , who cited that as a sign of fraud . Moussavi 's camp has demanded new elections . Sarah , a Washington protester who would give only her first name , agreed . "  We 're not saying that pro-Ahmadinejad supporters do n't exist ; they do exist , " she said . "  And we 're saying that , yes , if they indeed did win the vote , then the election should be theirs , because we are a democratic people . But we do n't feel comfortable with the numbers that came out of Iran . And we 're not saying that we do n't accept it altogether . We 're just asking for a revote . "	They march from Iranian to Russian embassies , protesting both governments Russian President Dmitry Medvedev hosted Mahmoud Ahmadinejad after election D.C. protest organizer : "  This is a long haul , a long battle " Iran has been gripped by protests since Ahmadinejad was declared victor in election
CNN  -- President Barack Obama took his act to New York on Thursday as the featured attraction at three back-to-back fundraisers , where he touted his progressive credentials , including support for equal rights for gay couples . Obama kicked off his evening with a dinner that cost $ 35,800 a plate at Daniel , Chef Daniel Boulud 's Upper East Side restaurant . Then he headed several blocks south to the LGBT Leadership Council gala at the Sheraton Hotel in midtown Manhattan . After condemning discrimination based on a person 's sexual orientation or gender identity , the president drew rigorous applause when he addressed same-sex couples . "  I believe that gay couples deserve the same rights as every couple in this country , " Obama said . The president , who during the 2008 campaign said he would n't promote same-sex marriage but did support civil unions , did not use the word "  marriage " in his speech . His speech came amid some frustration that Obama , even given his efforts to rescind the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy prohibiting gays from serving openly , has not gone far or fast enough in backing gay rights . In his speech , Obama acknowledged that the "  change " he 'd promised would n't be easy , nor would it always be quick . "  I did not run for president to do easy things , " he said . "  It was time for us to do hard things , the big things , even if it was going to take time . " About 600 people paid $ 1,250 apiece to attend the event . They included Jane Lynch of "  Glee " and the night 's master of ceremonies , Neil Patrick Harris of "  How I Met Your Mother . " Before the event , the Republican National Committee jabbed at Harris ' show , putting out an e-mail titled "  Legen - Wait for it , " which is a blog for updates on "  How I Met Your Mother . " The e-mail went on to say "  Obama heads to the Big Apple for a round of celebrity-studded fundraisers while Americans are desperate for economic leadership from the president . " The third fundraiser for Obama was a performance of "  Sister Act " at the Broadway Theater , for hundreds of guests , including actor Whoopi Goldberg . Tickets for the performance started at $ 100 per person . Earlier Thursday , in a release ahead of the president 's fundraisers , RNC spokesman Ryan Tronovitch said that "  while President Obama tries to escape the pressures of his failed economic policies with a fundraiser in New York , millions remain out of work and are beginning to realize that the only job our president is concerned about is his own . " The Democratic National Committee was quick to respond . "  Republicans are getting hammered in their districts from coast-to-coast for embracing a plan that kicks seniors to the curb by ending Medicare and because they have not presented a single idea in the past six months to create jobs . Republicans would fare better if they spent more time working to find solutions to the nation 's problems rather than engaging in typical , cheap Washington political tricks , " DNC Communications Director Brad Woodhouse said in a statement to CNN . The money raised from the fundraisers will go to the Obama Victory Fund , with the proceeds shared by the president 's re-election campaign and the Democratic National Committee . This is the second night this week Obama has headlined fundraisers . He was the main attraction at two fundraisers at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in the nation 's capital Monday . Vice President Joe Biden headlined a fundraiser in Chicago on Tuesday . Democratic sources said the Obama Victory Fund hopes to bring in $ 60 million by the end of the second quarter , which comes to a close at the end of the month . Most people remember that Obama shattered all records by raising nearly $ 750 million in his bid for the White House in 2008 , but what is n't as well known is that he brought in $ 59 million for his presidential campaign during the first half of 2007 . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Barack Obama attends 3 fundraisers in New York on Thursday He tells a gay advocacy group that "  gay couples deserve the same rights " Having previously backed civil unions , Obama does n't mention "  marriage " A Republican group criticizes the "  celebrity-studded " fundraisers in advance
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The coalition air effort to halt the Libyan government 's attacks on civilians continued into Thursday for a sixth day , with an airstrike in the Tripoli suburb of Tajura , a government official said . On Wednesday night , the government reported that military and civilian locations in the neighborhood of Al-Jfara and in the Tagora district of the capital had been struck by "  crusading colonial " bombardment . In response , Joint Task Force Operation Odyssey Dawn Lt. Cmdr. Jim Hoeft said in an e-mail to CNN , "  It is not likely that civilians were a part of any airstrike today . " He said coalition forces "  have been using all necessary measures to protect the citizens of Libya from the violence and killing inflicted upon them by Colonel Gadhafi . " An opposition activist in Tripoli accused state media of lying about civilian victims of the coalition airstrikes . For example , she said , she was accompanying a cousin to a hospital for medical care when she saw a TV producer asking some people to close their eyes and play dead and others to pretend they were wounded . Some of the "  wounded , " she said , were soldiers in civilian garb . On Wednesday , government officials invited CNN and other journalists to visit a house in Tripoli that had been damaged in an air raid , but -- after driving around for more than half an hour -- were apparently unable to find it and so returned the journalists to their hotel . The drive revealed a city quieter than normal -- about half the stores were closed . People appeared apprehensive , anxious . Opponents of Gadhafi were afraid to speak publicly . In Ajdabiya , parts of the city fell to opposition forces even though Gadhafi 's men , who had been pounding the area with artillery and heavy tank bombardments , retained control of the northern and western gates , opposition fighters and witnesses told CNN . A hospital staffer and opposition fighters said nine people were killed Wednesday in fighting near the northern gate . So far , the coalition has crippled the Libyan air force , and established a no-fly zone that spans Libya from east to west along its coastline , said U.S. Navy Rear Adm. Gerard Hueber . Hueber , the chief of staff for U.S. operations said Wednesday that coalition planes had flown 175 sorties over Libya -- 113 of them by U.S. planes . But the coalition had no indication that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was complying with a United Nations mandate to stop attacks against civilians . On Wednesday , troops loyal to Gadhafi terrorized residents of the besieged rebel-held city of Misrata . One witness said Gadhafi 's forces had attacked the city 's main hospital , where 400 people -- about half of them patients -- were located . The push began at 8 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  , when "  heavy tanks for Gadhafi troops start attacking the hospital -- the bombs falling here 20 meters  66 feet  around us , " said one person inside the hospital . He said two deaths had occurred "  around the hospital . " At one point , shelling occurred without respite for 40 minutes , he said . "  Now , fortunately , no more shelling , but the situation is so serious that all the teams here -- the doctors , the patients -- are paralyzed , scared . " He called for international intervention to protect the civilians inside the institution . "  Nobody can work here , " he said . Ambulances were not able to leave the hospital , which had lost its electricity and was using generator power , he said . Coalition jets are using smart bombs to target mechanized forces and mobile surface-to-air missile sites and impede supply lines for their "  beans and bullets , " Hueber said . The targets include Libya 's premier 32nd Brigade , commanded by one of Gadhafi 's sons and fully engaged in the fighting . "  It 's an extremely complex and difficult environment , " Hueber said about going after forces in populated areas . "  And our primary focus is to interdict those forces before they enter the city ... cut off their lines of communication and cut off their command and control , " he said . "  There have been no reports of civilian casualties . Our mission here is to protect the civilian populace and we choose our targets and plan our actions with that as our top priority . " Wednesday night 's outbreak of violence broke a respite that began earlier in the day with the coalition attacks -- the first calm in a week , Misrata residents reported . "  We would like to express our gratitude to the international community since there were airstrikes this morning , " said Mohammed , an opposition spokesman in the city who would identify himself only by his first name . Gadhafi 's forces had been stationed on the outskirts of the city , where they were providing support and supplies to loyalists fighting rebels in Misrata proper . Earlier in the day , grocery stores and other shops opened in the city , which is located two hours east of Tripoli and has been inaccessible to journalists . One person inside the hospital told CNN that five more people were killed in the last 24 hours , raising the death toll to at least 95 in the last seven days . A man who died Wednesday morning was shot by a sniper , the person said . Gen. Abdul Fatah Younis , a former interior minister who quit to lead opposition forces , said rebels have requested weapons from several nations to help the embattled city . "  Misrata is destroyed and they need weapons , " Younis told CNN . "  We try to send them weapons , but of course they were all light weapons . There were no heavy weapons . " Asked about the situation in Misrata , Deputy National Security Adviser for Strategic Communications Ben Rhodes said , "  We 're concerned about it , but I think you 're actually seeing some indications that the effort of the coalition is ... focused on Misrata and is having an effect there . " The rapid advance of Libyan forces had been halted , particularly their move toward the nation 's second-largest city , Benghazi , Rhodes told reporters aboard Air Force One . Libya 's elite forces are drawn from tribes loyal to Gadhafi . Though they comprise no more than 10,000 men , those forces are on the offense , Hueber said . "  Those forces are fully-engaged in this conflict , that are attacking those civilian populations , " he added . Though the rebels are in a better position than they were a few days ago , the Gadhafi forces have the upper edge , a U.S. official said . They remain capable of carrying out attacks on the opposition , are relatively well-organized and continue to fight effectively , the official said . Rhodes predicted the transition of command and control to another entity would be effected in "  a matter of days . " NATO will likely play a key role in the command and control , he said , adding that he would not describe the conflict as "  an open-ended war , a land invasion in Libya . " The international airstrikes against Libyan military positions began over the weekend after Gadhafi defied a United Nations-mandated cease-fire in attacks against civilians . The strikes are intended to help establish a no-fly zone . Sweden announced Wednesday it has frozen more than $ 1.53 billion in Libyan assets in response to EU sanctions imposed on the northern African country . France launched the air campaign in Libya and Britain and the United States followed . Germany is not participating in the military action , though it agrees with the United Nations resolution in principle , and moved Wednesday to ensure that its ships were far removed from the Libyan campaign . A German navy spokesman said Wednesday that all German ships previously under NATO command in the Mediterranean Sea were reassigned to operate under national command and are returning to previously scheduled port stops in Europe to await further instructions . German crew members of NATO fighter jets were also under German command . Britain has announced an international meeting for next Tuesday to assess the situation in Libya . The war was sparked in February by protests demanding an end to Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year rule . The Libyan strongman responded with force against civilians , prompting the international community to take action . However , a Johns Hopkins University professor said the coalition can achieve only so much through aerial strikes . "  We have to understand the limits of what air power can do , " Fouad Ajami told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  This is a recipe for a stalemate , " he said . Criticism and questions persist about the international campaign , with no clear answer on who will take over command of the mission and what the exit strategy will be . U.S. President Barack Obama said the timetable for a transition of military leadership will be coming in days , not weeks . NATO said Wednesday it will decide shortly what its role in the operation will be . A spokesman added the alliance is well prepared . "  This is the bread and butter of NATO , " an official said . French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe has voiced his opposition to NATO taking political leadership over the Libya campaign . He suggested that a commission composed of foreign ministers from the participating states play that role . Ajami , however , said the Arab world would welcome NATO involvement . "  They know that the calamity is unfolding in Libya , and they know that no help is going to come other than from the West and from the United States . " British Prime Minister David Cameron said Wednesday that Kuwait and Jordan have agreed to provide logistical support to the Libyan effort . Jordanian government spokesman Taher Edwan told CNN that Jordan 's role will be limited to a humanitarian one . "  Jordan did not and will not have any military participation in Libya , neither in planes or on the ground at all in Libya , " he said . Qatar has already contributed planes to mission . The United Arab Emirates said Tuesday it will participate -- but only in providing humanitarian assistance . Toward that end , the country has sent a ship and two planes with basic relief supplies , the country 's news agency said . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Ben Brumfield , Jennifer Rizzo , Arwa Damon , Amir Ahmed , Barbara Starr and Diana Magnay contributed to this report	NEW : Officials invite journalists to tour damaged house , but ca n't find it Tripoli suburb of Tajura is struck , a government official says Coalition effort is not "  a land invasion , " according to U.S. official Hospital patients and doctors paralyzed by fear
CNN  -- South African Thomas Aiken dedicated his maiden European Tour win to golf legend Seve Ballesteros after claiming the Spanish Open by two shots Sunday . Aiken carded a closing 70 at El Prat for a 10-under total of 278 . Denmark 's Anders Hansen finished second on eight-under with Scotland 's Scott Jamieson and Spaniard Pablo Larrazabal sharing third a further shot back . The death of Spain 's Ballesteros Saturday cast a shadow over the tournament with the players observing a minute 's silence during the third round action . "  It 's been a sad week with Seve passing away , " said the 27-year-old Aiken . "  I definitely want to dedicate this win to him with it being his home Open and what he gave to his home fans and to golf , " he told the official European Tour website . Golf legend Ballesteros dies aged 54 All the players wore black armbands on the final day as Aiken kept his nerve to earn South Africa their fifth win on the European Tour this season . "  I 've been waiting for this for a long , long time and I 've been knocking on the door . I 'm ecstatic , " he added . Hansen broke out of a tie for second with a birdie on the final hole while Welshman Phillip Price and France 's Gregory Havret both bogeyed the 18th to drop into a tie for fifth with Scot Paul Lawrie , England 's Simon Dyson and David Horsey and Havret 's compatriot Romain Wattel . Jose Maria Olazábal , mourning the loss of his great friend and ex-Ryder Cup partner Ballesteros , bravely played the final round but shot a five-over 77 to finish on eight-over .	Thomas Aiken of South Africa wins Spanish Open title at El Prat Tournament overshadowed by death of golf legend Seve Ballesteros Aiken dedicates his maiden European tour victory to Ballesteros
The name Ed Hardy conjures visions of rhinestone-studded trucker hats , colorful cartoon skulls , dragons and koi fish , and reality stars like Jon Gosselin and the cast of Jersey Shore . A profitable licensing deal with French businessman Christian Audigier put Hardy 's work on clothing , energy drinks , fragrances and even tanning lotions . It seemed like the deal of a lifetime , but in hindsight , Hardy said , the agreement made his name synonymous with the "  douches " of pop culture and ultimately cheapened his personal brand . Now , he is stepping out from behind the large shadow of the Ed Hardy brand to set the record straight in "  Wear Your Dreams : My Life in Tattoos , " a memoir released in June . Co-written with biographer Joel Selvin , the book shares how Hardy went from college-educated fine artist to tattoo pioneer to one of the most polarizing brands in recent memory . "  People began globally to know my images , my name and my signature , but they did n't know there was a real person behind it , " Hardy told CNN . From skin to canvas Donald Edward Hardy was born in Newport Beach , California , and his mother began to encourage him to draw when he was 3 . As a preteen , he took pens and colored pencils to the skin of neighborhood friends and became an amateur tattoo artist in his neighborhood . He had his first exhibition at the Laguna Beach Art Festival after graduating high school and attended the San Francisco Art Institute . After turning down a graduate position at the Yale School of Art , according to his memoir , he met and began a correspondence with famed tattoo artist "  Sailor Jerry " Collins in 1969 . He went on to study in Japan with legendary tattoo artist Horihide , working with clients from the infamous yakuza , or Japanese mafia . Both men influenced the heraldic aesthetic that defines Hardy 's signature ornate images today . He opened his San Francisco tattoo shop , Tattoo City , in 1977 and is credited with helping transform tattooing from a mark of sailors and prisoners to a mainstream option for self-expression . His 1995 gallery show , "  Pierced Hearts and True Love : A Century of Drawings in Tattoos , " prompted a New York Times article that asked whether tattooing could be fine art . CNN Health : Understand the risks and precautions of tattoos Hardy 's forays into clothing started with silkscreen shirts bearing his artwork for sale in his shop . In 2003 , the artist was approached by two men who saw his work in Juxtapoz art magazine . The two ran Ku USA , an Asian-influenced casual wear brand , and they became the first to put Hardy 's images on clothing . French fashion businessman Christian Audigier came across the shirts and approached Hardy to do a licensing deal that would make him "  a global phenomenon , " Hardy wrote in the book . Hardy said he and an associate met Audigier and signed over the master license to much of his artwork , allowing Audigier to produce items featuring the images . This deal turned out to be enormously profitable . By 2009 , sales exceeded $ 700 million for the brand , according to the book , and Hardy 's work could soon be seen everywhere . The brand 's omnipresence was enhanced by famous fans . At its height , Ed Hardy clothing could be seen on celebrities from Madonna and Catherine Zeta Jones to cast members of "  Jersey Shore " and Jon Gosselin of the "  Jon and Kate Plus 8 " reality show . Gosselin infamously donned Ed Hardy-printed shirts in public appearances with alleged mistress Hailey Glassman , and visited France to meet with Audigier . Hardy said the character associations ruined the brand 's reputation , and even wrote in the book that a Macy 's buyer mentioned Gosselin when the line was dropped from Macy 's stores . Hardy had no problem saying , "  Morons dehumanized it , " when asked about his views on public distaste of the Ed Hardy brand . He maintained that the clothes and imagery were not to blame for the brand 's downfall , but pointed to Audigier 's aggressive love of celebrities , which Hardy said tainted his image and his name . According to the book , Audigier pocketed a lot of the profits that came from sub-licensing Hardy 's images to several companies that produced lifestyle-related products , and even began altering the images . The two soon landed in court , and the tattoo artist found himself spending time perusing legal documents instead of creating art until an undisclosed settlement was reached in 2009 . Attempts to reach Christian Audigier were unsuccessful . From must-have to must-hate Simon Doonan , creative ambassador-at-large for Barney 's New York , surprised many by praising the Ed Hardy line in the New York Observer in 2009 . "  Criticizing Ed Hardy for being cheesy is like saying that Elvis was ` flashy ' or that Liberace was ` tacky , ' " Doonan wrote . "  It 's a giant case of DUH ! Of course it 's cheesy ! That 's the whole point , you doo-doo heads . Ed Hardy is fromage-y and hedonistic and naughty and badass and -- the ultimate crime in the world of haute fashion -- Ed Hardy is FUN ! " Doonan compared the rise of Hardy clothing to "  the gaudy heyday of Gianni Versace . " So why would people buy something "  fromage-y " like Ed Hardy apparel ? "  It gave regular people Hollywood edge , and gave Hollywood people street edge , " celebrity stylist Phillip Bloch said . Today , however , the brand "  represents bad taste , " he said . "  It went too far and all over the place at once . " This could explain why there 's a "  Hating people who wear Ed Hardy " Facebook group with more than 1,800 members , and a Funnyordie.com sketch titled "  The Ed Hardy Boyz " with less-than-likeable characters who go on misadventures to protect the Ed Hardy brand name from rival clothing lines . The blog Stuff White People Like lists "  Hating people who wear Ed Hardy " as item 124 . A New Orleans nightclub even banned the line , with a sign on its door that read "  If it 's on Jersey Shore it 's not coming through the door : No Affliction , No Ed Hardy , No Christian Audigier , No Exceptions . " Hardy said he thought partnering with Audigier would give him time to work on his art . He did n't expect success and the infamy it eventually created . Celebrity fashion labels : the good , the bad and the ugly "  Oversaturation and overexposure " can kill a brand , said Tom Julian , director at The Doneger Group , a fashion retail and consulting company . Popular brands can quickly fall from grace if their public exposure is n't strategically managed . Answering the "  many entities that knock on the door " can be bad for business , Julian said , noting that designers may choose to wait five or more years before signing licensing deals , because it allows them to be strategic with market penetration . Hardy said Audigier 's widespread licensing aspired to make the brand more accessible to people at every price point . That strategy backfired , as the brand became what Bloch described as "  very trailer park . " "  They made it too unexclusive , " he said . "  No one wants to be in something that everyone has . " Both Bloch and Julian said the brand would have to wait several years before a successful comeback is tangible . Hardy noted that the master license was taken on by Iconix Brand Group in 2011 , which also represents the London Fog brand and Madonna 's Material Girl line . The group has plans to develop the label , which Hardy said is still popular in Asia and other countries . The stories behind your favorite fashions Back to the drawing board Though he completed his last tattoo in 2008 , Hardy is still an active artist who splits his time between San Francisco and Honolulu and mentors artists of Tattoo City , now run by his son , Doug . This month , he 'll travel to Beijing to show a 30-painting exhibition of his original artwork . Although Hardy said he might have done things differently if given the chance , he also admitted that it was surreal to see his name and art become so well-known . With this memoir , Hardy aims to convince the public that despite the infamy of his eponymous brand , he is and has always been an artist .	Ed Hardy , the tattoo artist behind popular clothing line of the same name , released memoir in June Hardy signed a deal giving Christian Audigier rights to produce products with his art Once the height of popularity , the Hardy empire fell from favor due to overexposure Hardy is still making art and wants the public to know he is more than the clothing brand
CNN  -- A New Jersey grand jury handed down a 17-count indictment Thursday accusing a man and his female friend with shooting and killing the man 's wife -- and also shooting the man himself , in what prosecutors say was an attempt to blame a murder on "  terrorists . " Kashif Parvaiz , 26 , and Antoinette Stephen , 27 , were indicted in Morris County Superior Court in the 2011 death of 27-year-old Nazish Norrani , Parvaiz 's wife . The victim was shot to death , and Parvaiz was shot four times , as the couple pushed a stroller carrying their 3-year-old son during a nighttime walk . The child was unharmed . The killing occurred while the couple was visiting Norrani 's family to celebrate the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Morris County Prosecutor Robert A. Bianchi said at a news conference shortly after the killing that the fact that Noorani , a Muslim , was killed during the holy month of Ramadan "  made this case especially compelling to us . " A release from the prosecutor 's office said that while being treated for his wounds , which were not life-threatening , Parvaiz had described the shooters as three men who shouted "  slurs about terrorists " at the couple before fleeing on foot . But within hours of the crime , investigators believed "  it was obvious " the victim 's husband was behind the attack , Bianchi said . Noorani had sent text messages to her brother describing escalating hostility and abuse in her marriage , the affidavit says , warning that "  someday u will find me dead but its cuz  sic  of kashi ... He wants to kill me . " And according to an affidavit filed in the case , Parvaiz subsequently told police he arranged for Stephen to kill his wife and wound him while the couple was out for a walk on August 16 , 2011 . The indictment also charges the pair with conspiracy and unlawful possession of a weapon in addition to child endangerment and child abuse because the 3-year-old had been in jeopardy . "  This case was extensively investigated with witnesses interviewed and significant evidence gathered in numerous states . We now look forward to presenting our proofs in court and again extend our sympathies to Nazish Noorani 's family for such a tragic and senseless loss , " Bianchi said Thursday . Attempts to reach the attorneys for Parvaiz and Stephen were unsuccessful Thursday . According to the prosecutor 's office , if convicted , they could be sentenced to life without parole .	A Muslim woman was shot and killed in 2011 while she was walking with her spouse Her husband , who was wounded , first said assailants shouted "  slurs about terrorists " Authorities say the husband later told police he had arranged the shooting A grand jury Thursday indicted the husband and a female friend
CNN  -- The pilot of an air tanker battling a wildfire at Yosemite National Park died after the tanker crashed , Cal Fire said . The tanker was being used to help battle Dog Rock Fire when authorities lost contact with its pilot Tuesday afternoon , Cal Fire spokesman Daniel Berlant said in a statement . Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the plane -- which had only one pilot on board -- went down near an entrance to the park . On Wednesday , officials identified the pilot as Geoffrey "  Craig " Hunt , 62 . "  We continue to mourn the tragic loss of Craig , " said Chief Ken Pimlott , Cal Fire director . "  We know wildland firefighting is an inherently dangerous job , but Craig made the ultimate sacrifice . " Video from CNN affiliate KCRA showed smoke and flames rising from what appeared to be a tree-lined ridge in a remote valley . A helicopter could be seen dropping what appeared to be water on the blaze before flying from the scene . The tanker that crashed was an S-2T , one of several aircraft that Cal Fire deploys to battle wildfires . According to Cal Fire , it bought 26 such planes from the U.S. Department of Defense in 1996 and fitted them "  with modern , powerful turboprop engines " that made them "  faster , safer , and more maneuverable . " All but a few of those planes , equipped with a payload of retardant to drop on flames , are now being used statewide . The aircraft went down "  under unknown circumstances , " said Gregor , the FAA spokesman . The Dog Rock Fire was reported around 2:45 p.m.  5:45 p.m. ET  Tuesday between the park boundary and the Arch Rock entrance station . The blaze has already prompted the evacuation of 60 homes , most of them vacation rentals , in the park 's Foresta area , according to Cobb .	NEW : The pilot is identified as Geoffrey "  Craig " Hunt , 62 Authorities lost contact with an air tanker while it is fighting a blaze in Yosemite Investigators from the FAA , NTSB should arrive on site Wednesday 60 homes have been evacuated due to the blaze , according to Yosemite spokesman
CNN  -- Actress Amanda Bynes grabbed media attention Friday with a series of tweets about her father , her looks and her mental state . It 's the latest bizarre event in what has been a rough couple years for the performer , who was charged with a hit-and-run in 2012 , hospitalized for treatment last year after a psychological evaluation and put on probation after a DUI earlier this year . Bynes , 28 , has been in the public eye much of her life . Up : She was a child star She was born in 1986 , was raised in Southern California and first rose to fame as one of the stars of Nickelodeon 's "  All That , " a sketch comedy show that also produced Kenan Thompson and Nick Cannon . Bynes , who joined "  All That " when she was 10 , was so popular that she got her own show , "  The Amanda Show , " by the time she was 13 . Before she 'd turned 20 , she 'd co-starred with Frankie Muniz in the 2002 movie "  Big Fat Liar , " had a leading role in the TV series "  What I Like About You " and was on the cover of Vanity Fair . She starred in the 2003 film "  What a Girl Wants , " a modest success . She also was a straight-A high school student , according to an interview in Cosmopolitan . Cannon has remained a friend and has stood up for Bynes throughout her difficulties . "  You 're not alone , " he wrote last year . "  I 'm here for you . I understand . I care and I appreciate you , because that 's what family does and that 's what family is for . " Up : She was on the verge of major movie success In 2006 , Bynes was named one of Teen People 's hottest stars under 25 , and the next year had her biggest success as Penny Pingleton in the 2007 movie version of the musical "  Hairspray . " She was also one of the stars of the well-reviewed 2010 comedy "  Easy A. " But there was also trouble on the horizon . She signed a deal with a fashion designer to market clothes under the name Dear , but the designer went out of business . She was replaced on one movie . Another , "  Hairspray 2 , " never materialized . In June 2010 , she tweeted she was done with acting at 24 . "  I 've never written the movies & tv shows I 've been apart of I 've only acted like the characters the producers or directors wanted me to play , " she wrote . "  Being an actress is n't as fun as it may seem ... I do n't love acting anymore so I 've stopped doing it . " Down : Her behavior became erratic Within a month , she 'd taken back her announcement . "  I 've unretired , " she tweeted in July , not long before "  Easy A 's " release . However , she has n't made a movie since . Relationships reportedly came and went with Nick Zano , reality star Doug Reinhardt and  briefly  Seth MacFarlane . Then came the gossip about her own behavior . She was arrested on suspicion of DUI after getting into a fender-bender with police not long after her 26th birthday in April 2012 . In August , she was accused of hitting another driver and then driving off . She was charged with two counts of hit-and-run . In February 2014 the DUI charge was dismissed in a plea deal that gave the actress three years on probation , a requirement to attend an alcohol education course and pay a fine after she entered a no-contest plea to reckless driving . Things became stranger . She asked President Obama on Twitter to fire the officer who had arrested her on the DUI charges . Clients at an L.A. gym reported she was acting bizarrely and talking to herself . But , she told People magazine that she was "  doing amazing , " and planned to move to New York to pursue a career in fashion design . Up : After treatment , new goals Bynes ' social media posts started attracting more attention , whether they were selfies of constantly changing looks or unsettling comments about others . One of her tweets read , "  If I 'm not following you on twitter , I hate you . " In May 2013 , she was arrested in New York after allegedly tossing drug paraphernalia out of the window of her apartment . In July she was placed under an involuntary psychiatric hold after she was "  involved in a disturbance in a residential neighborhood " in Thousand Oaks , California . She eventually entered an inpatient psychiatric facility . Yet things seemed to improve after she was released . She moved back in with her parents , who had taken custody of her and had said she was "  making great strides towards recovery " from mental illness . She had n't always had a solid relationship with them . In 2012 , People reported that she had tried to emancipate herself while working for Nickelodeon , though she never moved out entirely . She continued outpatient treatment this year while going to school . Down : More troubles In late September , Bynes was arrested on a DUI charge in Sherman Oaks , California . Her arrest report noted a "  disheveled appearance . " On Wednesday in New York she was nabbed by security at a clothing store for suspected shoplifting , though she was let go after signing a "  no-trespass agreement , " TMZ reported . She also threatened to sue InTouch magazine for writing "  lies about me . " Then came Friday 's tweets . First , a series of comments were posted to Bynes ' official account that day alleging the star 's father was verbally , physically and sexually abusive . But within a few hours , another tweet was posted claiming that the allegations were false . Due to the sensitive nature of the tweets , which have n't been confirmed to have been posted by Bynes herself , we 're refraining from sharing them here . CNN has reached out to Bynes ' parents and Bynes ' lawyer , and has n't yet received a response . CNN 's Alan Duke , Jane Caffrey and Breeanna Hare contributed to this story .	Amanda Bynes posted a series of strange tweets Friday Bynes once had promising career , has struggled in last few years Actress seemed to be doing well after mental health treatment In last month , she 's had DUI arrest and made troubling statements
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan 's prime minister vowed to wind down the month-long crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant "  at all costs " Tuesday after his government officially designated the situation there a Chernobyl-level nuclear accident . Prime Minister Naoto Kan said he wants the plant 's owner , the Tokyo Electric Power Company , to produce a timetable for bringing the disaster to an end , "  and they will be doing that soon . " And a day after his government warned that thousands more people would need to be evacuated from the surrounding region , he pledged to provide jobs , housing and education for those uprooted by the accident . Japanese leader invokes WWII to urge quake recovery "  The government will not forsake the people who are suffering because of the nuclear accident , " Kan told reporters in a Tuesday evening news conference . Japan declared the Fukushima Daiichi crisis a Level 7 event on the international system for rating nuclear accidents Tuesday , putting it on par with the 1986 Chernobyl disaster in the former Soviet Union . The top-scale designation was based on the massive release of radioactivity since the accident began , particularly in its early days , and classifies Fukushima Daiichi a "  major accident " requiring long-term countermeasures . "  At all costs , all the reactors and the spent nuclear fuel pools must be brought under control so that we can prevent a further expansion of the damage , " Kan said . Tetsunari Iida , a former nuclear engineer-turned-industry critic , told CNN the declaration has no immediate practical impact on the crisis . But it 's a sign that Japanese regulators have rethought their earlier assessments of the disaster , said Iida , who now runs an alternative energy think-tank in Tokyo . Analysis : Fukushima and the ` nuclear renaissance ' that was n't Tokyo Electric 's president , Masataka Shimizu , issued a new apology for the disaster and the "  enormous anxiety " it has caused after the Level 7 designation Tuesday . "  We would like to stabilize the situation as soon as possible , and we are working on the measures and steps to cool the reactors and prevent the spread of nuclear substances , " he said . "  While continuing to ask for the support and cooperation of the government , the ministries , and the municipalities , we would like to maintain close communication with them , and we will make the utmost effort to bring the situation to an end . " Scientists believe the amount of radiation released is only a tenth of what was released at Chernobyl , said Hidehiko Nishiyama , the chief spokesman for Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency . But the levels for radioactive iodine and cesium that have been spewed into the air , water and soil around the plant are in the thousands of trillions of bequerels -- 15 times higher than the threshold for a top-scale event , according to figures released by the safety agency Tuesday morning . The crisis began with the March 11 earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern Japan . The tsunami knocked out the plant 's cooling systems , leaving operators with no way to keep the three operational reactors from overheating after they shut down . Interactive explainer : Japan 's nuclear concerns Engineers are now pumping hundreds of tons of water a day into the damaged reactors to keep them cool , but Tokyo Electric said long-term solutions must wait until it can get the highly contaminated water out of the basements of the units ' turbine plants . In addition , more water is being poured into pools housing spent but still-potent fuel rods in units 1-3 as well as unit 4 , which had no fuel in the reactor at the time of the quake . The work has been complicated over the past five days by a series of powerful aftershocks that have forced workers to clear out of the units and seek shelter . Monday , Japan ordered new evacuations for towns around the plant , including some outside the 20 - and 30-km danger zones drawn in the early days of the accident , and warned others to stand by . But after Tuesday 's declaration , both Nishiyama and Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano tried to draw distinctions between their crisis and Chernobyl . "  What 's different here from the Chernobyl accident is that we have not yet seen a direct impact on the health of the people as a result of the nuclear accident , " said Edano , the Japanese government 's leading spokesman on the crisis . "  The accident itself is big , but we will make , as our first priority , our utmost effort to avoid any health impact on the people . " And Nishiyama said that unlike the Chernobyl disaster , the reactors inside the badly damaged buildings at Fukushima Daiichi remain largely intact , "  although there are some leaks being seen . " "  In the case of Chernobyl , the radioactive material release made it very difficult to enter the facility itself , " he said . "  It had to be left alone for a very long time by itself . But it in the Fukushima Daiichi case , day and night , workers are there trying to salvage the situation . " Thomas Breuer , a researcher for the anti-nuclear group Greenpeace , told CNN that Japanese authorities were "  too slow " to respond to the crisis at first -- but they have stepped up their efforts in recent days due to pressure from local officials , outside critics and their own people . Now , he said , they have to step up their plans to evacuate towns that have been dusted with large quantities of longer-lived radioactive particles . Japan marks 1 month since deadly quake , tsunami "  There are still a lot of measures to be done , but they have to do it now , " said Breuer , who has studied the aftereffects of Chernobyl . Breuer said Greenpeace , which called for evacuations in towns outside the 30-km radius in late March , believes the accident will end up being "  worse than Chernobyl " because it has occurred in a more densely populated area . Evacuation orders have so far covered about 85,000 people inside the 20-kilometer  12.4-mile  zone , while another 62,000 within 30 kilometers have been told to stay inside , Fukushima prefecture officials told CNN . Japan 's government said it had no estimate of the number of people who would be covered by the new directives . Nishiyama said Tuesday 's designation was made "  provisionally , " and that a final level wo n't be set until the disaster is over and a more detailed investigation has been conducted . The previous event level of 5 , equal to the 1979 accident at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania , was also a provisional designation . Three Mile Island involved a partial meltdown of the radioactive core of one reactor , with only a limited release of radioactivity , according to the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission . At Chernobyl , an explosion and fire at a nuclear power plant resulted in the permanent evacuation of a 30-km radius around the plant . There were 32 deaths among plant workers and firefighters , mostly due to radiation exposure , and the International Atomic Energy Agency estimates another 4,000 will or have died of related cancers . CNN 's Kyung Lah , Whitney Hurst and Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	NEW : Japan 's prime minister vows to end the crisis "  at all costs " NEW : Tokyo Electric 's president issues a new apology for the disaster The government needs to start evacuations now , a Greenpeace researcher says The Level 7 designation puts Fukushima Daiichi on par with Chernobyl
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. John Cornyn , welcome to the club . The two-term Texas lawmaker is now the seventh Republican Senator up for re-election next year to face a primary challenge from his right . That club also includes the top Republican in the chamber , Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , Thad Cochran of Mississippi , Mike Enzi of Wyoming , Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , and Pat Roberts of Kansas . If this seems like deja vu all over again , it is . Since the birth of the tea party movement in 2009 , primary challenges from the right have made major headlines , and have hurt the GOP 's efforts in the last two elections in their attempts win back control of the Senate from the Democrats . "  Republicans effectively gave away five Senate seats the last two cycles because of candidates who were n't capable of winning in November , " said Brian Walsh , who served as communications director for the National Republican Senatorial Committee , which provides support , advice and funding to Republican candidates , during the 2010 and 2012 cycles . Dems defending 21 seats With Democrats holding a 55-45 majority in the Senate but defending 21 of the 35 Senate seats up for grabs in the 2014 midterms , the GOP has another opportunity to try and retake the chamber . But Walsh said that he does n't see a repeat of what occurred in recent years even though a majority of Republican Senators running for re-election are facing primary challenges . "  With the exception of perhaps Georgia , it 's difficult to see that repeat itself even with the large number of primaries because many are not serious at this point . But Republicans have a tremendous opportunity to win back control of the Senate next year and it 's a critical reminder to Republican primary voters that candidate quality matters , " he told CNN . A top Senate Democratic official disagrees . "  Republicans said they needed to rebrand and start reaching out to voters in the middle in order to win . They were right , but the primaries have prevented them from doing that . Instead , primaries are forcing all Republican candidates to embrace the tea party and a slate of policy positions that will hurt them in a general election , " said Matt Canter , deputy executive director of the rival Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee . Six-term Sen. Cochran will run again in 2014 While the jury 's out on what will happen next November , the new round of primary challenges from candidates enjoying support from tea party activists appears to be proof that the movement continues to strongly influence the Republican Party , even after some political pundits prematurely wrote the tea party 's obituary after 2012 . Major player in primaries Just as tea party backed lawmakers helped drive the unsuccessful push to defund the federal health care law , which helped to ignite the government shutdown in October , the group appears to once again be a major player when it comes to next year 's primaries . "  The tea party gave voice to millions of Americans who understandably viewed Washington as an insular town determined to serve its own . As that old model breaks down , conservative influence in Washington will continue to grow , " said Dan Holler , communications director for Heritage Action for America , which supports conservative causes and legislation but does not back individual candidates in primary challenges . Cornyn faces challenge he tried hard to avoid He becomes first GOP Senator to be challenged in a primary by a sitting member of Congress . GOP tries to deal with damage done with women In this case , it 's Rep. Steve Stockman , a conservative firebrand who served one term in the 1990s before winning a ticket back to the House in last year 's election . Since returning to Capitol Hill , Stockman 's grabbed headlines for his calls to impeach President Barack Obama . Tea Party activists have been angry with Cornyn since earlier this fall , when he did n't support fellow Texas Sen. Ted Cruz when he led the push to defund Obamacare with a marathon filibuster on the Senate floor . Cornyn told reporters on Tuesday that he 's not surprised about the challenge , but that Stockman "  was n't on my radar screen . " Kentucky governor : McConnell 's Obamacare criticism will hurt him While Stockman could find support among the ever increasingly conservative GOP electorate in Texas with its March primary just a few months off , he faces long odds against Cornyn , who has some $ 7 million cash on hand , compared to just $ 32,000 in the bank for Stockman . Large incumbent war chests Cornyn , like McConnell , has built large war chests in order to beat back primary challenges . And both men have hired veterans of the tea party movement to run their re-election campaigns . "  If you look at the two Republican incumbents who lost the last two cycles , arguably they did n't take their primaries seriously enough and were n't prepared . That 's not the case this cycle where no one is taking anything for granted , " Walsh added . Last year , Cruz upset Texas Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst , who had establishment backing , to capture the GOP Senate nomination , before going on to win the Senate seat in the general election . Cornyn says he 's learned some lessons from that and other recent contests . "  I think Senator Cruz was unique in many ways because of his talents and the quality of the race he ran and the timing . So , I think one race does not a trend set but obviously there are lessons to be learned from that and believe me I 've learned them , " Cornyn said . CNN Congressional Producer Ted Barrett contributed to this report	Cornyn is the seventh Republican Senator facing a primary challenge from the right Democrats must defend 21 of the 35 Senate seats up for re-election in 2014 Strategists say earlier tea party backed challengers have hurt GOP
CNN  -- Mexico 's Popocatepetl volcano rumbled Saturday with explosions and expulsions of ash and gas , prompting authorities to bar people from getting close to a crater that is within sight of Mexico City and many of its 19 million residents . The country 's National Center for Disaster Prevention reported that -- following 12 "  low-intensity " emissions of a small amount of water vapor and gas -- there was "  an exhalation with some explosive component " around 9 a.m.  10 a.m. ET  . This was "  followed by a spasmodic tremor ... with moderate to large amplitudes , which has been accompanied by a continuous emission of ... ash and water vapor , " according to the government agency . At that time , the emissions had gone at most 400 meters  1,300 feet  above Popocatepetl 's crater . Ash had fallen on the towns of San Nicolas de los Ranchos and Huejotzingo , as well as the northern part of the city of Puebla . As the day wore on , the volcanic material soared even higher . An updated government report at 2 p.m. -- three hours after the first one went out -- indicated that ash , steam and gas were spewing an average of 500 meters up into the sky . Mexican authorities restricted access within 12 kilometers  7.5 miles  of the volcano . Located in a national park southeast of Mexico City , Popocatepetl can be seen from there on a clear day . It is one of Mexico 's highest peaks and last had a major eruption in 2000 . But there have been rumblings since then . Last April , for instance , scientists observed a continuous column of water vapor and moderate amounts of ash rising from the crater .	Ash and water vapor soar above Mexico 's Popocatepetl crater Ash falls on several towns and parts of the city of Puebla Authorities prevent people from going within a 7-mile radius of the volcano On a clear day , Popocatepetl can be seen in Mexico City
Washington  CNN  -- Survivors of the oil rig explosion April 20 that triggered an underwater oil gusher in the Gulf of Mexico , along with the father of a man who died in the blast , urged members of a House committee Thursday to hold Transocean and BP accountable for the incident . "  Please believe me , no amount of money will ever compensate us for Gordon 's loss , " said Keith Jones , a Baton Rouge , Louisiana , attorney whose son , 28-year-old engineer Gordon Jones , died in the explosion on the Deepwater Horizon off the coast of Louisiana . "  We know that . But payment of damages by wrongdoers is the only means we have in this country to make things right . " Two employees of rig owner Transocean , meanwhile , accused the company of putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion . When workers complained of needing more help , "  They just kept telling us they 'd see what they could do , " said engineer Doug Brown , 50 , of Vancouver , Washington . Brown suffered head and leg injuries in the explosion and said he now struggles with short-term memory loss and post-traumatic stress disorder . Employee Stephen Stone told committee members that the explosion "  was hardly the first thing to go wrong " on the rig . Both men described a horrific scene on board the Deepwater Horizon the night of April 20 , with people crying and screaming for help as others scrambled for safety . "  I was pretty certain I was going to die , " Stone said . After making it onto a lifeboat , being rescued by the Coast Guard and reaching land , some 28 hours after the explosion , survivors "  were lined up and made to take a drug test " before being allowed to leave or call their families , Stone said . Transocean asked him to a sign a document -- without his attorney present -- saying he was not injured in the blast in exchange for $ 5,000 for the loss of his personal possessions , he said . He refused to sign the portion saying he was uninjured , he said , because even though he did not require medical treatment at the time , he must see a doctor for effects of smoke inhalation and is also dealing with mental and emotional aftereffects . Legal representatives for both BP and Transocean said the companies are making payment of claims a priority . "  We are going to pay all legitimate claims , " said Darryl Willis , vice president for resources for BP America , who is handling claims against the company . "  We realize that we 're going to be judged by our response to this spill , and we 're going to pay for all damage to people , to governments , to the community . " BP has already paid out some $ 37 million in claims , he said , and has opened claim centers in Gulf Coast states . But Jones argued that the federal Death on the High Seas Act unreasonably limits the damages surviving family members can receive . He said the situation makes even less sense considering it was modified after the crash of TWA Flight 800 in 1996 to help the families of air crash victims recover damages . In one of the last pictures taken of Gordon Jones , he was giving his 2-year-old son , Stafford , his first golf lesson . His second son , Maxwell , was born two weeks ago , with his father represented in the delivery room by a family photo . "  There 's nothing in the High Seas Act that can compensate the loss of a golf teacher , " his father told CNN after the hearing . "  His sons are not going to have someone to teach them to give a man a firm handshake and look them in the eye . " He said his son 's wife , Michelle , "  can not recover for the loss of the love of her life . " "  The loss of Gordon 's income is the last thing Michelle grieves for , " he told Congress . "  When Michelle tells her boys about their dad , she is not going to show them a pay stub . " But under the current law , he said , that is all she and the older son are entitled to , and the baby may be entitled to nothing , because he was born after his father died . Jones said allowing punitive damages against companies like BP and Transocean is "  the only way they may learn . " Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood told committee members that Transocean has already filed a limitation action in preparation for lawsuits , and BP has filed to consolidate such suits . States are concerned they will be pulled into a class-action suit where they will be treated like any other plaintiff . Mississippi wants its legal issue debated in state court , not in courts somewhere else , he said . Transocean attorney Rachel Clingman said the majority of about 120 suits filed against the company thus far are class-action suits . Multiple lawsuits are confusing and can lead to disparate treatment for plaintiffs , she said . The company filed its limitation action for several reasons , she said . "  We believe that it is important to have a central venue for these actions and to maintain a degree of continuity and consistency in awards to plaintiffs that would not be possible if lawsuits go forward in courts throughout five states in various state and federal courts . " Asked by Rep. Sheila Jackson-Lee , D-Texas , about Stone 's claims he was asked to sign a document , Clingman said a man "  who is not a lawyer " met with Transocean employees in the days after the explosion and gave them a $ 5,000 check for their possessions . "  No release was signed , " she said . "  No one has been asked to , or has , signed a release of liability , " she said . CNN 's Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report .	Transocean attorney denies company had employees sign releases Survivors of the Deepwater Horizon explosion testify to a House committee on Thursday Also testifying was a father of one of the 11 workers killed in the April 20 blast Survivors say the company compromised safety with employment cutbacks
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court has cleared the way for American Airlines and US Airways to merge into world 's largest airline company . Late Saturday night , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg declined to hear a stay request filed by a consumer group opposing the merger . Earlier in the day , a federal appeals court in New York also denied an emergency stay -- which prompted the consumer group to turn to the Supreme Court to block the deal . The passenger group believes that a merger will result in higher fares and reduced choices for fliers . With the Supreme Court removing the last roadblock , the two airlines can sign papers before the financial markets open Monday . For the foreseeable future , though , passengers will still be booking flights under both the American Airlines and US Airways names . Details about when the airlines will combine reservations and ticketing , frequent flier clubs and other operations are still being worked out , and those combinations are not likely until the beginning of 2014 , at the earliest . But the combined company will be the largest airline in the world in terms of revenue , passengers carried and the number of miles flown by paying passengers , surpassing United Continental Holdings , which was also formed by a merger . CNN 's Supreme Court producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg declined to hear a stay request Passenger group believes merger will result in higher fares and reduced choices The two airlines can sign papers before the financial markets open Monday
CNN  -- Most flowers start as seeds planted in soil , but Wim Noorduin , currently a post-doc researcher at Harvard , prefers to craft bouquets using Barium carbonate and sodium metasilicate . The two chemicals are disolved in a glass beaker filled with water and as carbon dioxide seeps into the vessel it kickstarts a chemical reaction that creates a wonderland of micro-sculptures that are about the diameter of the human hair . After giving the chemical reaction a few hours to bloom , Noorduin slides the sample into an electron microscope where hundreds of thousands of flower-shaped sculptures have blossomed . "  When zooming in using an electron microscope , you see that inside the beaker a vast landscape of complex sculpted microstructures has evolved in which you can get completely lost , " says Noordin . "  It really feels like you are diving in a sort of alien coral reef . " Fascinating ways people try to leave their mark on the world Sculpting might be too strong a word , but Noorduin has become increasingly adept at controlling the outcome of his experiments by carefully manipulating variables . Altering the temperature of the beaker by submerging it in an ice bath , adding drops of acid to control the pH , or even adding a pinch of table salt can lead to vastly different results . Increasing carbon dioxide levels leads to expansive , leafy crystals while changing the pH level results in rosette structures . Beyond being the kind of gift that would set Amy Farrah Fowler 's heart afire , Noorduin 's nano-sized nosegays have serious applications in materials science research . Microfabrication techniques that build objects at impossible small scale have seen tremendous gains over the last decade , but researchers are bumping up against limits at molecular and nanoscales . Noorduin believes this low-tech , biology-based growth approach could ultimately lead to breakthroughs in optical materials and other applications . For those interested in the science behind Noorduin 's BoutonniÃ ¨ res , his research has been published in prestigious journals , though his most important peer-review comes from his lady friend . "  Over the years my girlfriend has indeed received many pictures of the flowers , " he says . "  I took thousands of pictures and would send the best ones to her . " Read more : What exactly is in McDonald 's famous French fries ? Read more : People around the world pose with everything they eat in a day Read more : Why you always seem to choose the slowest line Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Wim Noorduin creates tiny sculptures through a chemical reaction He carefully manipulates variables to control the shapes which look like flowers Noorduin 's nano-size bouquets also have serious applications in materials science research
Washington  CNN  -- Remember Rep. Paul Ryan ? The 2012 Republican vice presidential candidate ? He 's still a member of Congress . He still represents Wisconsin 's 1st Congressional district . And he still sits atop of the House Budget Committee . Ryan has fallen out of the national spotlight since the GOP election loss , and he has remained largely silent while Republicans and Democrats battle amid a federal shutdown over how to move forward on a government funding bill and raise the debt ceiling . Ryan 's recent reticence is more noticeable because the prominent fiscal matters front and center now highlight his area of expertise . He is known in Congress as the budget wonk , the expert on federal government and spending . His colleagues look to him for guidance . In recent years , he unveiled controversial budget blueprints that dramatically cut spending and altered entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare . His budgets , titled "  Path to Prosperity , " became the defining documents for Republican fiscal policy . After stepping into the limelight of the presidential campaign last year , he became just as well known for his biceps as his budget , thanks to a Time magazine photo shoot . Silence shattered While President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner remain at odds over the shutdown and the debt ceiling , and while House Republicans are involved in infighting , Ryan dipped his toe into the shark tank . He broke his months-long silence with an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal , putting forward a new path -- how to break the crippling stalemate in Washington with ideas that even some Democrats support . He did not emerge unscathed . Op-ed does n't mention Obamacare Ryan took a measured tone in the op-ed . He placed blame on Obama for not being willing to negotiate but he implored both sides both sides to sit down at the negotiating table . Ryan responds to criticism over op-ed His idea : his old idea . He proposed "  commonsense reforms of the country 's entitlement programs . " 2016 ambitions ? Ultimately , his timely emergence could be part of a larger plot . As a young politician with a bright future , speculation is rampant that he might be running for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . That speculation grows louder especially as he plans trips to Iowa and New Hampshire , the first presidential nominating states . He will keynote a birthday fundraiser for Iowa 's Republican governor next month and he is to attend a fundraising breakfast for a congressional candidate in New Hampshire . While Ryan released the op-ed , he continues to play the cautious card , however . CNN has asked every congressional member if they would support a "  clean " government funding or debt ceiling bill with no strings attached -- something many Republicans are demanding . Ryan 's office has not commented . In new book , Paul Ryan asks ` where do we go from here ? ' Ears opened If his strategy is to speak little but make a big impact , Ryan definitely made an impact . It might not have been the one he had hoped . Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona , who has broken with his party on various issues , championed Ryan 's op-ed . Via Twitter , McCain said Ryan 's proposal is a "  must read . " But not everyone was so enthusiastic . Conservatives jumped on Ryan 's for omitting their central demand -- dismantling Obamacare - in the government shutdown and debt limit fight . A spokeswoman for the leader of that crusade , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , aptly noticed the omission . "  There is one big work missing from this op-ed . It 's start with an O and ends with BAMACARE , " she tweeted . Ryan was forced to go on defense instead of push his agenda . Appearing on conservative talk show "  Bill Bennett 's Morning in America , " Bennett asked Ryan if dismantling Obamacare was no longer a priority . Ryan insisted that it still was . "  Obamacare 's an entitlement just like any other entitlement , " Ryan said , according to Politico . "  If you look at the op-ed , I say we have to - ultimately we have to rethink all of our nation 's health care laws . " Head of the Republican National Committee , Reince Priebus , came to Ryan 's defense . He echoed Ryan 's defense and said his op-ed included "  OBAMACARE , " even though it did n't specifically mention it . At a weekly meeting of House conservative lawmakers that Ryan regularly attends , he attempted to explain the position he laid out in the Wall Street Journal . But some conservatives still insist that Obamacare be tied to any deal . Ryan dodged reporters after the meeting . Opinion : Goodbye to the strategy Republicans knew was a fantasy The dilemma Twenty years ago , Ryan worked for the conservative organization Empower America , which later became FreedomWorks . While that organization successfully morphed from a group that promoted traditional fiscal conservatism and neoconservative foreign policies into a limited government tea party aligned group . Is Paul Ryan an Empower America Republican ? Or a FreedomWorks Republican ? There lies Ryan 's dilemma . It 's the same scenario that is plaguing the Republican Party and also dictating the current debate in Washington . Republican strategist and former Romney spokesman Ryan Williams his op-ed shows that he 's "  the adult in the room . " "  He felt that it was important for him to speak up to address the seemingly never-ending stalemate that we 're witnessing in Washington , " Williams added . But the conservatives intent on stopping the health care law at all political costs are n't interested in ending the stalemate if it does n't end Obamacare . Lisa Miller , Founder of the Washington-based Tea Party WDC , said she hopes the government shutdown leads to the chipping away of the health care law . "  Paul Ryan is a numbers guy ; I just do n't like his numbers , " Miller said . Williams insisted that Ryan has already proven his conservative credentials but his op-ed shows he 's a "  realist " given the miniscule probability that Republicans have in undoing the health care law . Given the push back Ryan has received , three years before the presidential election , Ryan might have to decide if he 's going to be a "  realist " or a modern day , tea party conservative if he aspires to higher political office . Supporters stand by representatives , and government shutdown	Paul Ryan has fallen out of the national spotlight since last year 's GOP loss in presidential election And the Wisconsin Republican House member has remained largely silent during budget crisis But he now has dipped is toe into the controversy , writing an opinion piece that grabbed attention Ryan offered ideas , called for negotiation but omitting GOP Obamacare demands was noticed
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russia on Friday rejected sharp criticism by U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney that its intervention in Georgia raises doubts about Moscow 's reliability as an international partner . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has rejected U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney 's criticism . In an exclusive CNN interview , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov acknowledged the conflict may have isolated Moscow from the international community . But he said Russia would be ready to work with any U.S. administration on strategic issues like non-proliferation , counter-terrorism , and peaceful uses of nuclear energy . "  We are not interested in bad relations with the United States , " Lavrov said . "  It would n't be our choice , but if the United States does not want to cooperate with us on one or another issue , we can not impose . " Cheney met Thursday with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili in Tbilisi and afterward criticized Russian military actions as an invasion of sovereign territory and "  an illegitimate unilateral attempt " to change Georgia 's borders by force . "  Russia 's actions have cast grave doubt on Russia 's intentions and on its reliability as an international partner , " Cheney said . Diplomatic tensions between Moscow and Washington have climbed in recent weeks , with Russia accusing the U.S. of orchestrating the conflict in Georgia for political purposes . Watch Cheney in Georgia " Lavrov downplayed those accusations , laying responsibility for the violence at Saakashvili 's feet . Lavrov said he did not believe anyone was able to control the Georgian leader . Watch CNN 's interview with Lavrov " He also backed away from allegations made to CNN by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin that U.S. personnel were involved in combat operations against Russian troops in Georgia . Lavrov said Russia entered Georgia simply to save the lives of Russian citizens . "  We acted because we had no other choice , " Lavrov said . "  We had no other choice -LSB- than -RSB- to ensure not just the security of Abkhazians and South Ossetians , but their very survival . Georgia , too , many times in its history , including very recent history , tried to basically eliminate these people . " Abkhazia and South Ossetia lie within Georgia along its northern border with Russia , and have strong Russian-backed separatist movements . A 1992 agreement placed a mixed peacekeeping force of Russians , Georgians , and South Ossetians inside the territory . They maintained a fragile peace between separatists and Georgian forces until Georgia 's military launched attacks inside the territory August 7 . The Russian military responded by entering South Ossetia and Georgia . Lavrov did issue a warning that the turmoil in Georgia may not be at an end , saying Georgian forces had not confined themselves to areas agreed under the terms of the EU-brokered cease-fire . He added U.S. and NATO plans to rebuild the Georgian army were troubling , especially given "  daily rhetoric " from Georgia that the conflict was n't over . Russia has since become the only country to recognize the independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia , a move that signals Moscow 's firm support . Critics have accused Russia of using the international community 's recognition of an independent Kosovo -- a move opposed by Russia -- as an excuse . Lavrov said the two could n't be compared because Kosovo was not under attack , and those who recognized its independence "  were making a geo-political point . " Lavrov said Russia had no plans to enter Ukraine , which like Georgia , is a former Soviet republic eager to join NATO . Ukraine 's National Security Chief Anatoly Grytsenko said he had strong evidence Russia was distributing thousands of passports to Ukrainian citizens in the Crimean peninsula , a part of Ukraine . The purpose , Grytsenko said , would be to create a Russian population on whose behalf Russia could intervene in the future . "  People saying things does not require me to comment on any stupidity , " Lavrov said . "  I can only tell you that we do n't need to artificially create some support for Russia in the Crimean peninsula . " Russia seeks no problems with Ukraine , Lavrov said . Cheney said this week that Washington welcomes NATO membership for Georgia and Ukraine , but Lavrov said that would be "  a mistake . " Asked what action Russia might take if the two become members , Lavrov said : "  I hope this does n't happen and I do n't even want to discuss some hypothetical eventualities . NATO members have seen what Georgia did . NATO members , in spite of their public statements and solidarity position , know better ... so it would be their decision , but I hope it would be an educated decision . " CNN 's Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	Russia rejects sharp criticism by U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says conflict may have isolated Moscow Lavrov backs away from allegations U.S. personnel were involved in combat
CNN  -- The maker of peanut butter linked to a nationwide outbreak of salmonella shipped tainted product it knew had tested positive for the bacteria , the Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday . The Peanut Corporation of America found salmonella in its plant in Blakely , Georgia , the FDA said . The FDA report said the Peanut Corporation of America 's own testing program found strains of salmonella 12 times in 2007 and 2008 at its Blakely , Georgia , plant . The problem does not appear to have been resolved . When FDA inspectors visited the plant this month , they reported finding still more salmonella contamination . According to the inspection report , posted on the FDA 's Web site , the "  firm 's own internal microbiological testing " found salmonella in peanut paste , peanut butter , peanut meal , peanut granules and oil-roasted , salted peanuts . Watch what violations occurred at the plant " However , it added , "  After the firm retested the product and received a negative status , the product was shipped . " That 's not the way it ought to have been handled , according to one expert . "  They were lab shopping , " said Tommy Irvin , Georgia 's agriculture commissioner . "  They were trying to find a way to clear their product , so they can ship their product out , " he told CNN . Learn more about food poisoning " He said proper practices demand that if any food product tests positive for salmonella and another test comes back negative , "  you believe the one that is positive . " In a written statement , the company denied accusations it had been "  lab shopping " to get a negative test result in order to ship the product . "  PCA uses only two highly reputable labs for product testing and they are widely used by the industry and employ good laboratory practices , " the company said . "  PCA categorically denies any allegations that the company sought favorable results from any lab in order to ship its products . " But according to Irvin , once salmonella is found in a product , "  that lot should be destroyed , but -LSB- in this case it -RSB- was n't . " The Georgia Department of Agriculture is working with the FDA on the investigation of the outbreak , which has been linked to the plant . "  The inspection also revealed no steps were taken in terms of cleaning or cross-contamination " after the salmonella was found in the plant , said FDA 's director of the Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition , Dr. Stephen Sundlof . The company did not clean the production line after Salmonella Typhimurium , the bacterium implicated in the outbreak , was found there last September , according to the FDA report . This is the same type of bacteria found in 502 people who have become ill in 43 states and Canada since September . At least eight deaths have been linked to the outbreak . Violations also include contamination of plant surfaces and equipment by other microorganisms , the discovery of roaches near production and packaging areas and the inability of the company 's ventilation system to prevent the salmonella from contaminating other parts of the plant . Sundlof said the reported problems indicate the plant deviated from the good manufacturing practices companies are supposed to follow . The FDA investigation began January 9 , shortly after the manufacturer was implicated as a source of the outbreak . The plant produces peanut butter sold to institutions , such as nursing homes and cafeterias , as well as peanut paste , which is used in cookies , crackers , ice cream and pet treats . Watch the salmonella outbreak that has sickened hundreds " This month , Peanut Corporation of America began recalling peanut butter and paste produced since July 1 . The recall was expanded Wednesday to include products produced since January 1 , 2007 . More than 300 products using PCA 's peanut paste and peanut butter have already been recalled and the FDA has urged consumers to check the agency 's Web site frequently for updates . See a list of recalled products Federal health officials recommend that consumers throw away any recalled products and not consume any products whose safety can not be verified . The American Peanut Council has compiled a list of companies not implicated in the recall on www.peanutsusa.com . CNN 's Saundra Young contributed to this report	NEW : Recall expanded to include products from January 2007 FDA : Salmonella strains were found 12 times from 2007 to 2008 at plant in Georgia Inspectors from the FDA found more contamination this month More than 300 products using PCA peanut butter , paste have been recalled
CNN  -- Sean Edwards , one of Britain 's most promising racing drivers , has been killed in a crash at the Queensland Raceway in Australia . Edwards , 26 , was the son of former Formula One driver Guy Edwards and played the role of his father in the recently-released movie Rush . Edwards was leading the drivers ' championship in the 2013 Porsche Mobil 1 Supercup season and was taking part in a private training session for young drivers . The accident occurred when the Porsche 966 car in which he was traveling in as a passenger smashed into a tire barrier . Guy Edwards was one of three drivers who famously pulled Niki Lauda out of his car before it burst into flames following a crash at the Nurburgring during the 1976 German Grand Prix . His son had followed him into racing and was highly rated . Condolences "  Our thoughts are with his family and we want to express our deepest condolences to his relatives , " said Hartmut Kristen , Head of Motorsport at Porsche . Inspector Dave Preston , from Queensland Police , said emergency services had struggled to get Edwards out of the damaged vehicles . "  The fire and rescue had to do extensive work in relation to extracting and opening the vehicle up sufficiently to remove him , he was trapped for some time , " he told reporters . "  When I last went down there and he was being removed he -LSB- the driver -RSB- was awake and aware of what was going on around him . " Edwards began his career in Formula Ford 10 years ago before going on to compete in the Formula Renault UK and British GT . He won the FIA GT3 Championship in 2006 before making the move to the Porsche Supercup competition in 2008 . Shocking David Coulthard , the former Formula One driver , took to Twitter to extend his condolences . He wrote : "  Shocking news about Sean Edwards passing , top man and super talented racer , condolences to his nearest and dearest . " The Motor Sports Association  MSA  also offered its best wishes to the family , saying it was "  shocked and saddened " by the news . ` Sean was a hugely promising young racer who came through the junior formulas in Britain , before making a career in international sports car racing , " read the statement . "  He is leading the 2013 Porsche Supercup championship and had won both the Nurburgring and Dubai 24 Hours this year . "  The MSA extends its deepest sympathies to Sean 's family , friends and fans at this difficult time . "	Sean Edwards was one of Britain 's most promising racing drivers The 26-year-old was killed following a crash at Queensland Raceway Driver was the son of ex-Formula One racer Guy Edwards Tributes pour in from across the racing world
On guns , President Obama needs a "  Plan B. " The president himself recognizes that the votes probably are n't there to pass any significant gun legislation through Congress . In his State of the Union address , he was reduced to pleading with Congress to allow a vote at all , never mind actually enact anything . Even if Congress were seized by a sudden change of heart , the measures the president has proposed seem unlikely to achieve much . Universal background checks would be a baby step forward . But until state governments join background checks to some effective system of gun licensing , the checks are very easily evaded . A felon or domestic batterer or disturbed person need only find a person with a clean background to buy a weapon for him . But here are two things that can make a real difference -- without a vote in Congress . First : The president can direct the surgeon general to compile a scientific study of the health effect of individual gun ownership . Photos : Coming to grips with guns The basis of the whole gun debate in the United States is the belief by millions of Americans that they need a firearm in the home to protect themselves from criminals . Testifying to Congress last month , a gun advocate named Gayle Trotter presented a vivid image of how guns might be used . "  An assault weapon in the hands of a young woman defending her babies in her home becomes a defense weapon , and the peace of mind that a woman has as she 's facing three , four , five violent attackers , intruders in her home , with her children screaming in the background , the peace of mind that she has knowing that she has a scary-looking gun gives her more courage when she 's fighting hardened , violent criminals . " Thrilling . Also wholly imaginary . Such Rambo-like defenses of home and hearth do not happen in real life , unless the home also happens to contain a meth lab .  The oft-cited statistic that gun owners draw in self-defense 2.5 million times a year is a classic of bad social science . Incidents like these , however , do happen -- and tragically often : "  A fourteen year-old girl jumped out of the closet and shouted ` Boo ' when her parents came home in the middle of the night . Taking her for an intruder , her father shot and killed her . Her last words were ' I love you , Daddy . ' " That true story , reported in the Boston Globe in 1994 , appears on page 70 of the classic study "  Private Guns , Public Health " by David Hemenway , director of Harvard 's Injury Control Research Center . It 's just one of thousands of similar incidents in the United States every year . Hemenway again : "  Between 1990 and 2000 , an annual average of 320 children zero to fourteen either committed suicide with guns or were accidentally killed by guns . " American children are much more likely to suffer these tragedies than children in other countries . States with more guns suffer more than states in which guns are less common . Complete coverage : Gun Debate Claims that homeowners often use guns for legitimate self-defense dwindle away on close examination . What the gun owner claims as self-defense often looks , on closer examination , more like trigger-happy recklessness . Here 's another case , as reported by Hemenway . "  Two women , aged thirty-four and forty , were driving home from work when one cut the other off on a congested highway . Their rage escalated as traffic crawled for miles and the women flashed their headlights and hit their brakes . Both vehicles left the interstate , heading for home . At the first traffic light , one woman left her car and approached the other , perhaps to end the confrontation . The woman in the car shot the approaching woman in the face , killing her . " Self-defense ? Maybe . But the shooter herself was n't so sure . She was recorded weeping , "  Oh , my God , I shot her . Oh , my God , I ca n't believe I shot her . Oh , my God , I ca n't believe she 's dying . " As for guns in the home , Hemenway reports studies find that "  G  uns are used far more often in the home to intimidate and frighten intimates than to protect against intruders . " These are facts about guns that are well-known to the social scientists who study gun injury but poorly understood by the general public . Read more : Obama in Chicago to talk guns Fifty years ago , Americans contended with similar public ignorance -- and similar industry misinformation -- about the hazards of cigarette smoking . The argument was settled by the famous surgeon general 's report of 1964 . Congress in the mid-1990s forbade the federal government to fund its own research into the health risks presented by guns . By now , however , enough research has been done by privately funded scholars that the surgeon general could write a report based on existing material . Such a report would surely reach the conclusion that a gun in the home greatly elevates risks of suicide , lethal accident and fatal domestic violence . The first step to changing gun policy is to change public attitudes about guns , as Americans previously changed their attitudes about tobacco and drunken driving . The surgeon general can lead that attitude change with more authority than any other public official . The second step that might be taken -- again without the need for any congressional vote -- is for the Senate to convene hearings into the practices of the gun industry analogous to those it convened into the tobacco industry in the 1990s . Read more : Gun focus shifts from ban to checks and trafficking So many gun accidents occur because guns almost never indicate whether a bullet is present in the chamber . A gun owner might remove the gun 's magazine and believe the gun unloaded , when in fact it still contains one potentially deadly shot . Why not require guns to be equipped with indicator lights ? Why not require that guns be designed so that they will not fire if dropped ? We have safety standards for every consumer product , from children 's cribs to lawnmowers , except for the most dangerous consumer product of them all . Not only that , Congress has actually immunized makers of that product against harms inflicted by unsafe design . Gun makers often design their weapons in ways that present no benefit for lawful users but that greatly assist criminals . They do n't coordinate the issuance of serial numbers so that each gun can be identified with certainty . They stamp serial numbers in places where they can be effaced . They reject police requests to etch barrels to uniquely mark each cartridge fired by a particular gun . They sell bullets that can pierce police armor . They will not include trigger locks and other child-proofing devices as standard equipment . They ignore new technology that would render guns inoperable by anyone except their approved purchaser . Why ? Why ? And why ? U.S. gunmakers have never been required to answer these questions . But one Senate subcommittee chairman with subpoena powers could cast much needed light on an industry whose record makes the tobacco industry look a paragon of transparency and accountability in comparison . There 's a gun agenda that need not depend on politics and that will not snatch a single weapon from any owner , whether law-abiding or not . If Congress stalls on the president 's ambitious legislative schemes , the president should fall back on this Plan B to publicize what guns really do to those who carry them -- and what gunmakers do to their customers .	David Frum : Obama may not have votes for gun legislation to pass He says president 's "  Plan B " could be a surgeon general 's report on hazards of guns Senate could hold hearings to ask gun manufacturers about actions they could take Frum : Why is n't the most dangerous consumer product in America being regulated ?
CNN  -- Peter Bogdanovich would like to thank a man he never met . The man 's name was James Blakely , and he was a member of the editorial department at 20th Century Fox . He loved musicals and Cole Porter , and was primed to like "  At Long Last Love , " Bogdanovich 's Porter-infused musical . After the 1975 film flopped , Blakely quietly decided to recut it . "  Obviously he took one look at what we 'd done and said , ` These guys are screwing up the movie . I 'm going to fix it . ' And he was right , " says Bogdanovich in an interview . "  And he took his time and did it right and saved the movie from the garbage can . " The film is now out on Blu-ray . Bogdanovich , who 's preparing a new film produced by Noah Baumbach and Wes Anderson , took a few minutes to talk to CNN about "  At Long Last Love , " the value of previews and his thoughts on today 's Hollywood . The following is an edited version of the conversation . CNN : Tell me how "  At Long Last Love " came to be . Peter Bogdanovich : I was reading through  a Cole Porter book  Cybill  Shepherd , his then partner  gave me , and enjoying the lyrics , and thought maybe I should write a musical based on these lyrics . And then I read one of the songs , a very unfamiliar song and not a very famous one , called "  I Loved Him  but He Did n't Love Me  . " It sort of gave me the idea for the whole picture . CNN : Burt Reynolds was unusual casting . Bogdanovich : I did n't have Burt Reynolds in mind . I was thinking of Elliott Gould , who was a song and dance man , and then Sue Mengers became Burt Reynolds ' agent , and she was my agent , and she said , "  Why do n't you use Burt ? " So I met with him and I liked him , and I figured we 'll try him , he 's a big star , and I thought he would be charming . And he was . Burt could do anything -- he was very talented . He was limited by his action-hero persona . I remember when we made "  Nickelodeon , " he had a scene with a rifle and the first take was a little macho . I said , "  Can we do it a little less Burt Reynolds ? " He laughed . CNN : When you were making "  At Long Last Love , " were you worried about the timing was off ? The mid - '70s was an era full of dark pictures . Bogdanovich : I guess I did n't give a s *** . I had purposely made "  What 's Up , Doc ? " as a G-rated comedy , and that was in ' 72 , and they asked me when we were making it are you sure you do n't want to make it a PG ? I said no , I want to make it for the whole family -- a G-rated comedy with no socially redeeming value . And they all laughed and left me alone , and that was the biggest success of my career . So I thought a musical with a similar light touch would be welcome , but I did n't realize how difficult it is to find the right balance between singing and talking , which is the key to it . And Jim Blakely found it . Putting Hollywood 's biggest bombs back together CNN : Did the reviews sting ? Bogdanovich : I did n't read all the nasty reviews . The thing is , before the picture opened , the critic Judith Crist -- she was a friend -- called me up and said , "  How is the picture ? " I said , "  Pretty good , I think . " She said , "  It better be good . They 're waiting for you with the knives out . " And she was in the critical establishment -- she knew from which she spoke . We showed them the worst version that existed .  The film  began with Cybill , which was the worst thing to begin with , because they hated her and me particularly . That was the period when you could n't open a newspaper or magazine without seeing some nasty crack about us . Cary Grant , who was a friend , called me and said , "  Peter , for Chrissakes , stop telling people you 're happy , and stop telling them you 're in looooove . " "  Why , Cary ? " " 'Cause they 're not happy , and they 're not in love . " "  I thought all the world loves a lover ? " "  Naaaa , do n't you believe it . " So that was the climate at that point . The picture was killed , except for people such as Roger Ebert , who liked it to a degree , and the Newsweek critic , who liked it to a degree . Woody Allen told me years later that , "  I saw that picture at the  Radio City  Music Hall three or four times . I really liked it . " I said , "  S *** , Woody , I wish you 'd told me that then . " Nobody was more surprised than I was when I saw it streaming on Netflix and I thought , "  This is good . " You can get too close to a picture . We needed to put it in front of audiences -- it would have taken five or six previews and we would have gotten it right . We only had two previews , which is ridiculous for a musical . CNN : Did you find previews helpful ? Bogdanovich : I had very interesting experiences . "  The Last Picture Show " was at one of those places where the audience was told to turn a knob one way if they like it and another if they do n't . And the picture was not liked at all . Columbia turned to me and said , "  What do we do ? " I said , "  I think they need to be told it 's a good picture . " And they snapped their fingers and said , "  Tastemaker screenings . " So we had 30 screenings for small groups of people and the buzz was extraordinary . We previewed "  What 's Up , Doc ? " in Denver and it was a spectacular success . We previewed "  Paper Moon " in Denver and it played perfectly . We did n't preview "  Daisy Miller . " And we did preview "  At Long Last Love , " and you know the results of that . I was told by people I trusted to take things out that really damaged the picture . CNN : What do you think of Hollywood these days ? Does the tentpole mentality concern you ? Bogdanovich : It 's crazy . When Jim Cameron was making "  Titanic , " everybody was  saying  it 's going to be a big flop , Cameron 's folly . I said , if that picture 's a hit , we 're in real trouble . And sure enough , it was a hit . And sure enough  budgets skyrocketed  . Spend $ 150 million ! Spend $ 200 million ! And that 's where we are today .	Peter Bogdanovich credits Fox employee with saving film "  At Long Last Love " was mess until James Blakely fixed it , Bogdanovich says Bogdanovich : Some criticism aimed at him , not movie Director 's career includes "  Last Picture Show , " "  Paper Moon "
Anne Smedinghoff lived inside a heavily secured compound . But the public diplomacy officer for the U.S. Embassy in Kabul was always pushing to get out . "  We thought she was relatively safe in the embassy compound , but as it turned out , Anne really wanted to do a lot more , " her father , Tom Smedinghoff , told CNN . "  She was always finding projects and assignments that took her outside to the various provinces within and around Afghanistan , and that was what she wanted to do , " he said . "  That was what really drove her . " This past weekend , the 25-year-old was trying to do just that -- delivering books to a school in southern Afghanistan -- when a suicide bomber smashed into her convoy Saturday , killing Smedinghoff and four others . She is believed to be the first U.S. diplomat killed since the September attack in Benghazi , Libya . Her death was a grim reminder of the risks and importance of pushing for change in "  one of the toughest places on earth , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday . It was an "  extraordinary , harsh contradiction , " Kerry said , to see an attacker kill "  a young , 25-year-old woman with all of the future ahead of her , believing in the possibilities of diplomacy , of changing people 's lives , of making a difference , having an impact , who was taking knowledge in books to deliver them to a school . " Officials did not say who they believe was behind the blast . But Kerry offered a sharp condemnation of the violence as he spoke to U.S. diplomats stationed in Istanbul . "  The folks who want to kill people , and that 's all they want to do , are scared of knowledge . And they want to shut the doors and they do n't want people to make their choices about the future . For them , it 's ` You do things my way and if you do n't , we 'll throw acid in your face . We 'll put a bullet in your face , ' to a young girl trying to learn , " Kerry said . "  So this is a huge challenge for us . It is a confrontation with modernity , with possibilities , and everything that our country stands for , everything we stand for , is embodied in what Anne Smedinghoff stood for . " Friend : ` She pushed you to be better ' Smedinghoff graduated from Johns Hopkins University in 2009 with a degree in international relations and joined the Foreign Service soon afterward . "  I remember how excited she was when she got in and started her training . She would always talk about it , because she was one of those natural leaders , " said Christopher Louie , 26 , a close friend who first met Smedinghoff in college . "  When she was passionate about something , she would let everyone know . ... You could just tell when she got in the Foreign Service , she saw that this was her opportunity to make a big impact on the world . " And her enthusiasm was infectious , said Louie , a medical filmmaker in Washington who recently vacationed with Smedinghoff in Jordan . "  She always got people interested in what she was involved in . ... Whenever I knew I was going to see her , I 'd always make sure I was brushed up on foreign affairs . She was one of those people , you did n't want to let her down , " he said . "  She pushed you to be better . " Kerry laments death of U.S. civilian in Afghanistan It was clear that "  there was no better place for her " than the Foreign Service , her parents said in a written statement . After a tour of duty in Caracas , Venezuela , Smedinghoff volunteered for an assignment at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul and had been working there since July , her parents said . "  We are consoled knowing that she was doing what she loved , and that she was serving her country by helping to make a positive difference in the world , " they said . Before she joined the State Department , Smedinghoff served on the board of directors for the Ulman Cancer Fund for Young Adults ' 4K for Cancer program , spending a summer cycling across the United States to raise money and awareness . "  Anne was an incredibly optimistic , fearless , and giving person , " said Ryan Hanley , the program 's founder . "  We mourn a life cut short , " he said Sunday , "  but are blessed to have shared in it . " Mother : ` She was just so exuberant about everything ' Smedinghoff 's Facebook profile gives a glimpse of her life in Afghanistan . One photo shows a group skiing in the Afghan mountains . Another shows her standing behind a lectern at the embassy , surrounded by American flags . Another , titled "  Helicoptering around Helmand , " shows a smiling Smedinghoff sitting beside men in camouflage , wearing a helmet and a flak jacket . The prospect of her working in Afghanistan worried her parents at first , but her passion for the job and the good work she hoped to do won them over . "  She really thought there was a lot to be done there , and she could be part of it . ... As parents you always want to make sure no harm comes to your children , but I knew that she wanted to embrace this opportunity , " her mother , Mary Beth Smedinghoff , said Monday , "  so she had our full-hearted support and blessing to apply for that position . " Public outreach projects like delivering textbooks to schools , organizing educational efforts and working with women 's groups to promote equality were parts of her job she particularly loved , her parents said . They spoke to CNN Monday morning from Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , where they were awaiting the arrival of their daughter 's remains just over a week after their last conversation with her . In that Easter chat , she excitedly told her parents about Kerry 's recent visit to Afghanistan . She sent them photos and a congratulatory e-mail she received from the ambassador for her work during the trip . "  She was just so exuberant about everything that had transpired during that trip and what she had done , " Mary Beth Smedinghoff said . "  Obviously , we were very proud of her . " Kerry was emotional Sunday as he spoke of Smedinghoff 's death and described his experience meeting her during the recent Afghanistan trip . "  I remember her -- vivacious , smart , capable , chosen often by the ambassador there to be the lead person because of her capabilities , " he said . This weekend , Smedinghoff "  was just trying to deliver books , bring knowledge to people -- books in their own language -- in order to help them know about the possibilities of life , " Kerry said on Monday . "  And some wanton terrorist , out of the blue , nameless and faceless and now lifeless , attacked this group of people and took five lives . " Neighbor : ` She had candle power ' Residents in the River Forest , Illinois , neighborhood where the Smedinghoff family lives said they were devastated by the news . "  Anne Smedinghoff was one of those rare people who , you were lucky if you were near her . She had candle power , " one neighbor told CNN affiliate WGN . "  She brightened everyone 's life . " Katie Whiting , whose sister was Smedinghoff 's best friend , told the CNN affiliate that the "  beautiful and brave " diplomat was doing her dream job . "  The world has really lost somebody who was going to do a lot of good things . ... Every dangerous place she wanted to go there , because that 's where the hard work was , " Whiting said . In Smedinghoff 's memory , CNN affiliate WBBM reported , American flags lined the road near her family 's home on Sunday . A large photograph she posted on her Facebook profile less than three weeks ago shows another road on the other side of the world , lined with Afghan flags .	Kerry : Anne Smedinghoff was killed by a "  wanton terrorist " She is believed to be the first U.S. diplomat killed since last year 's attack in Libya Mother : In a recent conversation , Anne Smedinghoff was "  exuberant " about her work "  She really thought there was a lot to be done " in Afghanistan , her mother recalls
EL PASO , Texas  CNN  -- Sitting in high school , math and history lessons never captured Danny Santos ' imagination . The drug-fueled streets of the Texas-Mexico border provided his education , and he was an excellent student . Danny Santos , 21 , works two part-time jobs and still does n't make as much as he did as a drug mule . Santos says he became one of the thousands of American and Mexican teenagers recruited into the dangerous world of drug smuggling . "  I did n't care . I had no conscience , " Santos said at a boxing gym in El Paso , Texas . "  You 're young , and you 're naïve , and you think it 's easy . " Santos ' journey into the underworld of teenage drug smuggling offers a glimpse into how drug cartels lure teenagers into doing their dirty work . US . Customs and Border Protection officials in El Paso and San Diego report that in recent months , they 've seen a rise in the number of juvenile drug smugglers getting busted at border checkpoints . They 're often called mules . These teenagers are usually hired only to smuggle drug loads across the border . It 's a short drive or walk that offers quick cash but can carry serious consequences . Watch how teens get drugs across the border " Drug cartels "  just need someone who can legitimately cross the border , " said Bill Molaski , the El Paso Port Director for U.S. Customs and Border Protection . As an American , Santos could freely cross the El Paso-Juarez border and not raise suspicion . At age 15 , Santos says , he met "  a guy " at a party who introduced him to drug kingpins in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . "  You start off as a driver , " Santos said . "  People feel like they can trust you , then you move up to something bigger . " Two weeks later , he got a $ 4,000 job offer to drive his first load of marijuana across a bridge into El Paso . It was the beginning of a four-year smuggling career . "  I ca n't say I was n't nervous , " Santos said . "  You kind of project yourself into another time of happiness or joy . ... You just have to forget you have something illegal in the car . " In all , Santos says , he earned $ 50,000 making about 20 mule runs , driving right through heavily guarded border checkpoints . Santos , who is now 21 , says he was arrested once but spent only a few days in jail . He said charges were dropped . Because he was younger than 18 when he was arrested , and juvenile cases are sealed , CNN could not confirm his story through court records . Young smugglers do n't fit a stereotype . Several sources said that both American and Mexican teens are lured into the work . Teenage boys and girls alike are involved . Many smugglers come from middle-class families . "  There 's a lot of money in the trade , a lot of inducement for a lot of young people to get involved , " El Paso County Attorney Jose Rodriguez said . His office is responsible for prosecuting juvenile smugglers . Federal and state authorities say drug cartels recruit young smugglers from schools . Depending on the size of the drug load that 's being smuggled , a kid can be paid a couple hundred dollars up to $ 5,000 . Mexican officials say cartels have placed classified advertisements in Mexican newspapers with cryptic messages offering young people a job with good salary and benefits . A phone number is included in the ad . The officials say a cartel member sets up a meeting to determine whether the kid is up to the job . But Rodriguez offers a chilling reason why teenagers should avoid the lure of easy money . "  We had a kid here who lost a load and had some of his toes chopped off , " Rodriguez said . Santos says he got out of the smuggling business two years ago . Now he spends every day training at a boxing gym in El Paso . Boxing and smuggling can both be vicious worlds , but at least boxing is legal . However , it 's a slow climb to the top of the boxing world . He 's chasing the golden dreams of boxing championships and hoping to make more money boxing than he did smuggling . Santos is working two part-time jobs , and he says it takes him two months to earn the money that he used to make in one day of drug smuggling . He spent almost all the money he made smuggling . But he has no regrets . "  The peace of mind is good , " Santos said after a bruising workout . "  I sleep good , eat good . I feel better now . "	Danny Santos , 21 , says he made $ 50,000 in four years as a drug mule Santos smuggled drugs across U.S. border from Juarez , Mexico He was arrested once , as a juvenile , but said charges were dropped Santos now works two part-time jobs as trains as a boxer
CNN  -- With Wi-Fi access at airports , hotels , and aboard airplanes , business travelers do n't have to look very hard for a wireless Internet connection . Wi-Fi hotspots at airports may put users ' computers at risk , but no more so than at coffee shops , experts say . But with these public wireless hotspots becoming more prevalent , in addition to more travelers using smart phones for Web access , are business travelers putting themselves at a security risk ? The short answer , some technology security experts say , is yes . But they add that the use of Wi-Fi at these spots is no riskier than at a coffee shop . "  It 's a shared medium , and if you can connect to it , someone else can connect to it and monitor your traffic , " said Marty Linder , a senior member of the technical staff at the Carnegie Mellon Software Engineering Institute CERT/Coordination Center . "  That has nothing to do with the security of the network . It 's just the nature of the beast . " For Fran Hanna , the convenience is n't worth the risk . The sales representative from Chapin , South Carolina , would frequently bring her computer on business trips and access Wi-Fi through her hotels . Hackers tapped into her computer , resulting in inappropriate material being sent through her account . She had to get her computer restored twice , which cost her $ 900 . And while she still is n't sure where she was when she picked up the malware , she said the only wireless device she will bring with her as she travels is a cell phone for voice calls . On the other hand , picking up public wireless is n't a major concern to Brian Fitzpatrick , the CTO of a technology firm in Alpharetta , Georgia , and a frequent business traveler . He generally avoids transmitting sensitive personal or company data using these hotspots . But as he sees it , having his information stolen "  is more likely to happen in some face-to-face transaction than it is even online . " In addition to open networks , experts say the physical loss of devices poses a threat for business travelers . The combination of replacement cost , detection , forensics , data breach , lost intellectual property costs , lost productivity , and legal , consulting and regulatory expenses sets a company back an average of $ 49,246 per lost laptop , according to a study released in April by the Ponemon Institute and sponsored by the Intel Corporation . However , lost laptops with encryption saved companies nearly $ 20,000 , compared with those that did not have encryption , according to the Ponemon study . Encrypted disks safeguard data by scrambling information on them . They unlock that information only when the user enters the proper passcode . "  I do n't know how many times we 've heard about laptops being stolen and they have no encryption on them . And it pretty much means that the bad guys can get to your data . Immediately . They do n't have to know your password or anything , they can just get to it , " said Patrik Runald , chief security adviser for F-Secure , an Internet security company . And many businesses do not yet require their employees to use passwords on their smart phones , leaving lost devices "  woefully unprotected , " said Pat Clawson , CEO and chairman of Lumension Security . Tips for staying secure Despite the potential for security breaches , there are simple steps you can take to keep yourself armed as you connect wirelessly on your travels : • Use an encrypted disk to safeguard the information on your laptop or smart phone , Linder said , and make sure you log off of your computer when you 're not using it . In most cases , when you hibernate your computer , its memory is recorded unencrypted . "  You can not for convenience close your lid , let your computer go to sleep and believe that if someone steals your computer , your data is protected , because it 's not , " Linder said . Runald recommended free software called TrueCrypt  truecrypt.org  that you can use to encrypt the content on your local drive and on USB flash drives . • Turn off your wireless and Bluetooth connections if you 're not using them , said Clawson . "  Those are electronic doorways into your devices . On my BlackBerry , I can sit there and scan for open Wi-Fi peer-to-peer connections . I -LSB- can -RSB- then gain access to what 's in your files you may have stored in there , your contacts . " • Use an anti-glare shield on your computer to prevent others from spying , Linder suggested . With such shields , you must be face-to-face with the screen to be able to read it . • Regularly back up the data on your laptop or smart phone , Runald said . Several companies offer backup services , but you can also save information on other computers and disks . Even if your data is encrypted -- eliminating your fear of sensitive information getting stolen -- backing up the data will make it easy to transfer to a new phone or laptop , Runald said . • If you lose your smart phone and do n't want others to access your information , call your provider and request that the device be wiped of information , Runald said . He also suggested considering software that allows you to send a text message to your phone that will remotely wipe it and block others from accessing its content . • To ensure that you 're visiting an authentic Web site and not getting duped by a phishing scheme , some experts suggest logging onto those sites through your company 's VPN connection . But technology company CTO Fitzpatrick says he hesitates to use VPN from a public Wi-Fi hotspot : "  Even though all the traffic is encrypted , " he said , "  if your machine got compromised in some way , it is sort of a gateway into your network . "	Wi-Fi at airports , planes , hotels may be risky , but no more than at coffee shops Study : Loss of a single laptop costs a company $ 49,246 Use encrypted disks to keep your information safe , experts say
CNN  -- World champion Valentino Rossi capped his remarkable return to the MotoGP circuit by taking fourth place behind Dani Pedrosa in his first race since breaking his leg six weeks ago . Spaniard Pedrosa on a Honda came in clear of Rossi 's Yamaha teammate Jorge Lorenzo in the German round of the championship at Sachsenring . Former world champion Casey Stoner pipped Rossi for the final place on the podium in a thrilling finish . Australian Stoner on a Ducati only came past the nine-time world champion on the last corner to deny the 98,000 spectators the sight of Rossi collecting the third place trophy on crutches . The Italian ace shrugged off his physical impediment and said he was racing for his own satisfaction . "  It was easier with a broken leg , and very comfortable from a psychological perspective , because I was there to enjoy myself as I 'm no longer in contention for the championship , " he told the official MotoGP website . Earlier , the race was stopped by a three-bike crash which left French rider Randy de Puniet with a double leg fracture . The restart saw a shortened 21-lap race which gave Pedrosa the chance to register his second win of the season and cut Lorenzo 's lead in the title race . "  When they stopped I was n't sure about the restart . When you stop and restart it 's never the same thing , but for me it was good , " he said . Lorenzo had to settle for the runner-up spot , conceding that his compatriot was faster on the day . "  Pedrosa got more pace than me , it was impossible to follow him . He 's done a splendid race , so I 'm happy with second place , it 's very positive for the championship . " But much of the focus was on Rossi , who suffered a broken tibia in a crash at Mugello 42 days ago , and was expected to be ruled out for the rest of the season . He has missed four rounds to effectively derail his hopes of defending his crown , but his battle with old rival Stoner kept the massive crowd enthralled . "  I did the best I could this afternoon . I thought Valentino was going to get me but I dragged everything I could out of my bike to get past him , " admitted Stoner . Lorenzo leads the standings with 185 points , 47 points ahead Pedrosa with Rossi in sixth place on 74 .	Valentino Rossi takes fourth in German MotoGP after breaking his leg six weeks ago Spaniard Dani Pedrosa wins the race from title leader and compatriot Jorge Lorenzo Casey Stoner of Australia pips nine-time world champion Rossi for third spot
Quantico , Virginia  CNN  -- If you like spy thrillers , Sudoku and the daily crossword puzzle , you might want to try this : help the FBI crack a secret code . It could solve a suspected murder . Ricky McCormick 's decomposing body was found in a field near St. Louis , Missouri , in 1999 . It was n't clear how the 41-year old unemployed McCormick had died , but law enforcement believed he was murdered . Their best clue : two pages of encrypted notes written by McCormick and found in his pocket . They might tell investigators where McCormick had been , what he had been doing and who might have wanted him dead . But they could n't break the code . In 2001 , local law enforcement turned to the FBI Cryptanalysis and Racketeering Records Unit for help . Its analysts , statisticians and mathematicians have puzzled over the two pages of numbers and letters intermittently for 10 years trying to figure out what they mean , but they have n't found the key . "  We 're beat , " says the head of the unit , Dan Olson . On March 29 , the FBI asked the public for ideas . In just a week and half more than 2,300 tips have flooded in . They are still being processed , but so far none of the theories or leads has solved the mystery . Go to FBI site , see if you can help crack code Could the notes be gibberish ? Olson says they definitely are not . "  We have patterns . We have very consistent character repeating sequences . There are almost rules to whatever language this is . This is not random . This is not just letters put down . " McCormick had dabbled with ciphers since he was a child and although he was n't well educated , Olson says , his code is unlike anything he has ever seen -- unique and idiosyncratic . He hopes a member of the public might connect it with a hobby , a game or a line of work . The FBI unit often cracks codes in just a couple of hours . It has deciphered secret communications about murder , drug transactions , illegal gambling and human trafficking . One of the toughest cases involved a note composed by Brian Patrick Regan , a former Air Force master sergeant convicted of attempted espionage in 2003 . The note identified seven locations in a Maryland 's Patapsco Valley State Park where Regan allegedly dropped documents stolen from the National Reconnaissance Office . The office builds and operates satellites for government agencies like the Central Intelligence Agency . While in prison , Regan worked with the FBI to decipher the complex code , which he had created but , ironically , had forgotten . Eventually , they were able to associate a sequence of code with the letter "  F. " The key that unlocked it was the name Frank , handwritten under a gag photograph of a masked classmate in Regan 's middle school yearbook . Olson says computers are n't much use in his line of work . "  These are codes that are made by humans and they 're best broken by humans , " he says . A simple whiteboard , however , is an important tool . Olson and his team use one to dissect a segment of code , looking for patterns and logic in what appears to be a jumble of symbols . It is collaborative work where creative ideas and unusual insights are encouraged and exchanged . Olson says a good crpytanalyst needs tenacity and high self-esteem . He or she can not be easily discouraged , Olson says , but sometimes needs to recognize that there is a time to step away . Do they ever quit working on a code altogether ? It does n't look that way . In the FBI office is a board holding copies of the FBI 's "  Top 10 " uncracked coded communications . Over the years , some have been solved and removed . Right now , in the top slot , is a note from the "  Zodiac Killer , " who murdered five people in California 's Bay Area in 1968 and 1969 . The notes found in Ricky McCormick 's pocket are posted in position No. 3 . Olson is hopeful that sometime soon , with the public 's help , they too will come down from the board and questions about McCormick 's death will finally be answered . Meserve is CNN homeland security correspondent and Cratty is a senior producer .	Authorities trying to solve case of man found dead in Missouri Two pages of encrypted notes were found in his pocket FBI unit specializes in cracking codes
CNN  -- Russia 's former tennis world No. 1 Yevgeny Kafelnikov is backing his country to come out on top in the race to host football 's 2018 World Cup . Kafelnikov told CNN that he was confident they would get the nod when the decision is made by FIFA 's executive committee in Zurich on Thursday , but said the competition was tough . "  It 's hard to compete against major footballing countries like England or Spain  joint bidders with Portugal  but we still think we are going to do it . " Kafelnikov , a two-time grand slam champion , was born in Sochi , which was chosen to host the Winter Olympics in 2014 . He admitted to be "  laughing " when that decision was made , but has been pleasantly surprised by the pace and scale of the preparations in his home town . "  I stopped laughing and now when I go home I am amazed by the construction and right now I believe Sochi will be a very successful host of the Olympics . " He went on : "  I 'm sure Sochi will succeed and I 'm sure if Russia gets the World Cup we would succeed as well . " "  All the people are behind it and the government has invested so much money , " he added . Kafelnikov , 36 , also helped his country to win the Davis Cup and took gold in the men 's singles at the Sydney Olympics . In the countdown to Thursday 's vote , a number of sports stars from Russia have thrown their weight behind a bid which is gathering momentum . Arsenal 's Andrey Arshavin is a bid ambassador as well as captain of their Russian team . He is convinced the footballing legacy will help swing the vote Russia 's way . "  We have never had a World Cup . Hosting it here would open up new minds and new hearts for the game . It would be a completely new chapter for the FIFA World Cup itself , " he told their official bid website . Russia is up against England , plus joint bids from Spain and Portugal and the Netherlands and Belgium to win the right to stage the 2018 World Cup .	Yevgeny Kafelnikov gives his backing to Russia 's 2018 World Cup bid Former tennis No. 1 points to progress made by 2014 Olympic hosts Sochi 36-year-old Kafelnikov was born in Sochi and won two grand slams in his career
CNN  -- Airlines around the world canceled flights to and from the northeast United States as a massive storm slammed into the coast of New Jersey and New York . Hurricane Sandy , now rated as a "  post-tropical " superstorm , forced the closure of New York 's JFK and LaGuardia airports and Newark in New Jersey "  until further notice " as rising flood waters washed across parts of the city , while domestic and international flights were canceled at other major airports in the region . Middle Eastern , European , Asian and U.S. airlines prepared to take a financial hit , with the weather stranding their passengers in cities across the globe . "  Every day this goes on you 're seeing combined losses to the airlines of roughly $ 10 million , " said Simon Calder , travel editor of the UK 's The Independent newspaper . Sandy 's impact : State by state "  The cost is actually much worse for European airlines like British Airways and Virgin Atlantic , because they have to pay for accommodation and meals for their customers who are stuck in the U.S. -- particularly in New York . " European Union law says airlines have a "  duty of care " to take care of stranded passengers . There is no such law governing U.S. airlines . "  Delta and United can just say , ` Sorry , this is a weather event and you 're not covered , ' " Calder told CNN . At least 50,000 travelers between the UK and U.S. have been affected by the storm , Calder estimates . In Asia , airlines grounded more flights as the extent of the storm became clear . Australia 's Qantas , Korean Airlines and Japan 's JAL canceled all New York-bound flights on Tuesday and Cathay Pacific said Wednesday 's departures to JFK would also be scrubbed . With 11 flights canceled to and from New York , Washington D.C. , Philadelphia and Baltimore , British Airways has offered to rebook flights for its passengers . A statement on BA 's website said : "  We understand that customers may be disappointed , however their safety is our highest priority . " The airline 's flights to and from Boston were expected to operate normally . Britain 's Virgin Atlantic also canceled all flights to New York , but announced that flights to Washington and Boston were scheduled to begin again on Tuesday . More than 80 flights from London 's Heathrow Airport to the U.S. East Coast were canceled , including 47 arrivals and 37 departures . Sandy halts travel along East Coast Karen Mackenzie from Essex , in southeastern England , was planning to fly Monday to New York on a Virgin holiday package , but the airline canceled her entire holiday due to the storm . While Virgin Atlantic gave Mackenzie a full refund , the elementary school principal says her schedule means she wo n't be able to rebook the holiday until next year . "  I feel really horrible for those poor people in New York at the moment . It 's disappointing to lose our holiday , but for them it 's a much more hideous situation , " she told CNN . Qatar Airways and the United Arab Emirates-based airlines Etihad and Emirates also canceled flights to the U.S. northeast . In a statement Emirates said the safety of their passengers "  will not be compromised . " Air France , Germany 's Lufthansa , Ireland 's Aer Lingus and Turkish Airlines have also scrubbed flights in and out of New York . Sandy claims ` Bounty ' off North Carolina Some 50 million people from Virginia to Massachusetts are expected to feel the effect of Sandy , which made landfall in New Jersey late Monday . The cost of potential wind damage alone could be up to $ 3 billion , according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency . The storm has also prompted thousands of domestic flight cancellations across America . While all American Airlines flights to the east coast are canceled , the airline is operating a normal service to other parts of the country . United Airlines grounded roughly 3,700 flights between Sunday and Wednesday , and Delta said all flights from Washington to Boston , and out of New York and Philadelphia , were canceled . Both companies are allowing some customers to change their flight plans without paying any fees due to the storm . So how long will it take for airlines to get stranded passengers to their destinations once the hurricane subsides ? Not long , according to CNN 's Richard Quest , who said the problem should start being resolved from Wednesday . "  All the airlines have exceptionally sophisticated recovery programs , " he explained . "  What they do is they do n't make the flight to the first place . They do n't send the aircraft into the bad areas , so they do n't get stranded . They 're now already starting to work out flights for Wednesday , Thursday and Friday . You write off Monday and Tuesday , then you start to rebuild the schedule . " "  After the -LSB- Icelandic volcanic -RSB- ash cloud two years ago , airlines were able to restore the schedule quite quickly , simply because people canceled their flights -LSB- and did n't rebook -RSB- . And that 's what the airlines are banking on . "  I 'm guessing that by the weekend everyone -LSB- will have -RSB- got where they need to be . " How to help Information from CNN Wires was used in this report .	NEW : Airlines ground more flights as Sandy strikes Northeastern U.S. New York 's JFK , LaGuardia airports and Newark in New Jersey all closed Combined losses to airlines of roughly $ 10 million per day , estimates travel expert Quest : Airlines ' schedule systems could get stranded passengers home by weekend
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The distant rumble of big guns on Fort Hood 's artillery range rattles the ceiling tiles in the small military courtroom . But the sounds of war training do n't interrupt the intensity inside the military hearing as dozens of witnesses here recal that day last November when 13 people were shot to death and 32 wounded on the base in central Texas . Training with Paladin howitzers is part of everyday life at Fort Hood , the country 's largest Army base . Most of the shooting victims were preparing to ship out to the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan . But nothing prepared them for what happened to them at home -- dodging bullets as a gunman cut down their buddies . The prosecution put up more than two dozen witnesses in the first three full days of the Article 32 hearing . Prosecutors have set aside two more weeks , and scores more witnesses are expected . The Article 32 hearing will reconvene in November for defense attorneys to make their case . Then an Army colonel , -- the Investigating officer presiding over this hearing -- will decide if there is enough evidence to push the case along toward a court martial with a possible penalty of death upon conviction . During live video testimony from Afghanistan , fighter jets roared overhead as soldiers described how their safe and secure base suddenly became a bloody battleground . Capt. Melissa Kale was speaking from Kandahar , Afghanistan , on Friday . But her thoughts were back at Fort Hood trying to get a wounded buddy out of the line of fire . "  I was unable to pull her . She did n't move . I had to leave her there , " Kale said , crying . Many of the victims are haunted by their memories , with multiple accounts of hearing a scream of "  Allahu Akbar " -- Arabic for "  God is great " -- before the fast firing of a handgun , a laser-sight flickering across faces , signaling who might be next to fall . "  It was a nightmare that reoccurs every day , " said Spc. Megan Martin , who also spoke via video-link from Afghanistan . She rejected any thought of trying to postpone her deployment just a few weeks after the shooting . "  I wanted to carry out the mission as my fellow soldiers would have wanted me to . " Martin said . During the shooting , some tried to fight back , others pretended to be dead or tried to hide . There were multiple accounts of one man trying to rush the gunman , holding a chair above his head , only to be cut down at close range . "  You ca n't stay here and die , " Spc. Logan Burnett said he told people trying to hide from the bullets . He told how he tried to knock down the gunman with a folding table . "  I turned to throw it at the shooter . At that point I was hit in the hip , " Burnett said Friday . He was shot two more times . The man accused of the attacks , Army psychiatrist Maj. Nidal Hasan , is wheeled into the courtroom each morning by Army police wearing blue uniforms , their holsters empty . Hasan is in a wheelchair , partially paralyzed from being shot four times by police who rushed to the shooting scene . Hasan sits impassively , wearing the same Army fatigues and high-lace-up combat boots as the judge and most of the lawyers . But Hasan is easy to spot on the far left of the defense table , wearing a fleece watch-cap pulled low in the back , over his ears , and almost down to his thick eyebrows in front . Some days he complains of the cold and the guards carry an Army blanket to drape over his shoulders . At the start of proceedings Friday he gave a quick grin to one of his defense lawyers but then sat expressionless . He writes on a legal pad , and occasionally braces his arms on the arms of the wheelchair and pushes his body up to readjust his position . The courtroom is paneled with dark wood . There are only 45 spectator seats and many were empty on Friday . There is tight security with journalists selected by lottery to be able to attend in person . Other journalists can see the proceedings in a viewing room with a problem-plagued video feed provided by the Army in in a temporary press center set up 200 yards away . The defense tried unsuccessfully to have the hearing closed to the public or postponed . Still untouched is any discussion of motive . Hasan 's lawyers have been asking many of the witnesses whether they thought the firing was random or targeted . The presiding officer , Col. James Pohl , said even he found that confusing . "  I just do n't know what you mean by ` random , ' " Pohl said . One Friday witness , because of his injuries , was unable to raise his right arm when he took the oath . He said the shot felt like he 'd been hit by a baseball bat in the neck . Witness after witness told how they still carry bullets in their bodies , how they must face additional operations or how their physical therapy continues , how they may go to psychological counseling . The prosecution has two more weeks to present evidence . Then the court will recess as Fort Hood marks one year since the shootings . The base is planning a variety of activities that week , including a private event for families of the victims , and an awards ceremony to honor members of the military and civilians who performed with exceptional courage that day . The following week , if more testimony is waiting , the hearing will resume .	A military hearing is underway at Fort Hood for the suspect in last year 's shootings on the base A prosecution parade of witnesses began last week Most of the shooting victims were preparing for Iraq or Afghanistan when they were hit
CNN  -- Three white Mississippi men pleaded guilty to federal hate crimes Thursday in connection with the 2011 beating death of an African-American man in Jackson , the Justice Department announced . Deryl Dedmon , John Aaron Rice and Dylan Butler each admitted to conspiracy and violating the 2009 federal hate-crimes law in last June 's killing of James Craig Anderson . They face sentences of up to life in prison and $ 250,000 in fines , federal prosecutors said . The 19-year-old Dedmon had already pleaded guilty to state murder and hate-crime charges Wednesday in a state court and was sentenced to life in prison . Rice , 19 , and Butler , 20 , made their initial appearances with Dedmon in federal court Thursday morning . The men are among the first defendants to be prosecuted under the federal hate-crime statute that President Barack Obama signed in 2009 and the first to be prosecuted in a fatal attack , Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez , the head of the Justice Department 's civil rights division , said in a statement on Thursday 's pleas . "  The Department of Justice will vigorously pursue those who commit racially motivated assaults and will use every tool at our disposal to ensure that those who commit such acts are brought to justice , " Perez said . "  And I note that our investigation in this matter is ongoing . " Life sentence in Mississippi hate-crime case In court Thursday , all three admitted to harassing and assaulting African-Americans on several occasions in the weeks before Anderson 's death , hurling beer bottles , firing slingshots and driving at them with cars , prosecutors said . They targeted people they believed to be drunk or homeless , believing them less likely to report the attacks . They are also expected to testify against other teens implicated in Anderson 's killing , two sources close to the proceedings told CNN . They admitted to violating the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. . Hate Crimes Prevention Act of 2009 , named for the victims of two 1998 killings that shocked the country . Matthew Shepard , a gay Wyoming teenager , died after being kidnapped , beaten and left tied to a fence , while Byrd was a black man dragged to death in Texas by white supremacists . Anderson 's death prompted several large marches and prayer vigils in Jackson , a city of about 537,000 people . At his state plea hearing , Dedmon told the court that his crimes were the result of being "  young and dumb , ignorant and full of hatred . " But Hinds County Circuit Judge Jeff Weill told him , "  Whatever excuse you offer , forget that . There is no excuse . " Anderson , 47 , died after he was beaten and run over by a truck driven by Dedmon , who was part of a group of seven white youths from largely white Rankin County who decided to "  go f**k with some niggers " after a night of partying and drinking , law enforcement officials have said , quoting some of the suspects in the case . Authorities have said they believe Dedmon led and instigated the attack . They said the youths climbed into Dedmon 's green truck and a white SUV and drove to the western edge of Jackson , where Anderson was standing in a hotel parking lot just beyond a highway exit ramp . On a videotape obtained exclusively by CNN , the group pulls into the parking lot and stops where Anderson is standing , although he is just off camera and not visible . The young men can then be seen going back and forth between their cars and Anderson . Witnesses told authorities this is when Anderson 's beating took place , as the white youths yelled racial epithets , including "  white power . " After the beating , Dedmon drove his Ford F-250 truck over him , leaving him to die , according to what some of the teens cooperating with police have told authorities . Rice initially faced state murder charges as well , but a judge reduced the charges to simple assault because he was not believed to be driving the vehicle used to kill Anderson . At Dedmon 's sentencing Wednesday , Anderson 's sister , Barbara Anderson Young , said her family was praying for "  racial conciliation . " "  These last months have been very difficult , " Young said . "  We cried . We wept . We reminisced about our beloved brother , Craig , a loss I can not even explain . Craig was a big-hearted person who loved his fellow man . "	NEW : The defendants admitted to previous assaults in the Jackson area , prosecutors say Three men plead guilty to federal hate crimes in Mississippi killing One of the defendants pleaded guilty to a state murder charge Wednesday They are the first charged with a killing under a 2009 federal hate-crime law
CNN  -- After battling government forces , a Maoist guerrilla group in Peru has released 36 hostages it captured earlier this week , state media reported Saturday . Peru 's Defense Ministry said that 1,500 government troops had encircled members of the Shining Path in southern Peru , the state-run news agency Andina reported . This action prompted the release of the hostages , who were identified as oil and gas workers . Masked attackers had kidnapped dozens of workers in the town of Kepashiato early Monday morning , Andina reported earlier . It is not clear if all of the hostages have been released and are now safe . A police captain was killed and two people were injured during a search operation Thursday , when suspected rebels opened fire on a military helicopter , Peru 's government ombudsman said in a statement . The Maoist guerrillas had demanded $ 10 million in ransom for the hostages , in addition to explosives and weapons . But government officials said they would not not negotiate with terrorists , calling the effort to locate and secure the release of the kidnapped workers a top priority . Some of the hostages were employees of the international construction company Skanska , according to Andina . A company spokesman could not be immediately reached for comment . The kidnapping comes after authorities ' recent announcements that they had significantly dismantled and defeated the rebel group . At its peak , the Shining Path spread terror in the country through a bombing campaign that targeted buildings and key infrastructure , such as electricity towers . Throughout the 1980s and 1990s , the Peruvian government fought a campaign that greatly reduced the capacity of the group . After Peruvian authorities captured a longtime leader of the group in February , President Ollanta Humala said the group was "  no longer a threat to the country . "	A Maoist guerrilla group in Peru releases 36 hostages it captured this week , state media reports 1,500 government troops had encircled members of the Shining Path in southern Peru Masked attackers kidnapped dozens of workers in a town early Monday Rebels demanded $ 10 million in ransom for the hostages , plus explosives and weapons
CNN  -- Prosecutors in Cambodia on Monday appealed the 30-year sentence handed down to a man who ran a notorious torture prison in the Southeast Asian nation where more than 14,000 people died under the 1970s Khmer Rouge regime . Some survivors had been angered by the sentence for Kaing Guek Eav , alias Duch , who was convicted of war crimes on July 26 . His prison term would have been about 19 years after the court took off 11 years for the time he has already served behind bars . "  The co-prosecutors are of the view that the judgment gives insufficient weight to the gravity of Duch 's crimes and his role and his willing participation in those crimes , " they said in a statement . "  At the same time , the co-prosecutors believe that undue weight is placed on any mitigating circumstances applicable to Duch . " The verdict -- which also convicted Duch of crimes against humanity , murder and torture -- sparked strong reactions as word spread outside the courtroom . Some said it made them lose faith in the U.N.-backed war crimes tribunal . "  It 's becoming a sham , " Cambodian-American Theary Seng , chairwoman of the Center for Justice and Reconciliation , said after the verdict . At least 1.7 million people -- nearly a quarter of Cambodia 's population -- died under the 1975-1979 Khmer Rouge regime from execution , disease , starvation and overwork , according to the Documentation Center of Cambodia . Duch , 67 , was the head of the S-21 prison . Few people brought to the prison made it out alive ; only about a dozen were found by the Vietnamese , who invaded Cambodia in 1979 . Prosecutors had initially sought a 40-year sentence . The judges ' first gave Duch 35 years , but took five years off that for the time he was illegally detained before the tribunal was established . Prosecutors said on Monday that the judgment failed "  to reflect the full extent of Duch 's criminal conduct " and he should be "  separately convicted of the crimes against humanity of enslavement , imprisonment , torture , rape , extermination , and other inhumane acts . These crimes should not have been subsumed into the crimes of persecution and torture . " Duch 's attorney , Kar Savuth , has not filed an appeal , according to the court 's press office . When contacted by CNN , he said he could not comment over the telephone . The judge , in announcing Duch 's sentence , said he took into consideration that the defendant had expressed remorse , admitted responsibility and cooperated with the court . The judge also took into account the "  coercive environment " of the Khmer Rouge , he said Duch pleaded guilty , but he said he was only following orders and asked for forgiveness . Last November , he asked to be freed after spending some 11 years in detention . In the last week of the trial , he argued that international law did not apply to him because he was following orders . The tribunal began its work in 2007 after a decade of on-and-off negotiations between the United Nations and Cambodia over the structure and functioning of the court . Duch 's verdict was the court 's first : Another four of the ultra-Maoist regime 's former leaders are waiting to see if they will stand trial before the U.N.-backed tribunal for war crimes and crimes against humanity . On Monday , the co-prosecutors filed a final submission in these cases and asked that the four be indicted and sent for trial , according to a statement from the prosecutors ' office . It 's not known when the court will make a decision .	The court has shaved off about 11 years from Duch 's sentence Survivors are angry at the UN tribunal 's decision Prosecutors : Judgment does not reflect full extent of Duch 's crimes He has not filed an appeal
CNN  -- You 're an Olympic champion and you 've gone out at the top of your game -- so what next ? Gold medal winner Victoria Pendleton is contemplating a future path which is being followed by many young people in her native Great Britain , and indeed around the world ... work experience . While the cyclist -- one of the official faces of London 2012 alongside fellow golden girl Jessica Ennis -- is not exactly short of lucrative endorsement deals to tide her over in these times of economic uncertainty , she told CNN she has no idea what she is going to do next . "  I 'm going to take some time out just to work out what , because obviously I 've spent my whole life turning left at speed . I think I need time to try lots of different things to find out what I enjoy , what I might be good at -- I do n't really know , " said Pendleton , who won silver in her final race in a GB kit . Interactive : See inside the Olympic velodrome venue "  I 'm going to use the contacts that I 've made through my success in cycling and just do loads of work experience to start with and then just see where it goes . "  My only concern is not being able to find something that I can be equally as successful at . Obviously you ca n't win Olympic gold medals for every aspect of life , but I just want to be good at something -- I just want to be really good at something , that 's all I want . " Wiggins makes history as Britain wins first golds at London 2012 Cycling has been Pendleton 's life , and her success and good looks have made her a regular in glossy men 's magazines and a big draw for advertisers , but she says she 's glad her competitive days are now behind her . "  It was just an absolute relief ; I will never have to do that ever again . Going into the home Olympics as the Olympic champion and being named as one of the poster girls of the Games , people were much more aware of me as an athlete and my profile because I was marked as one of the potential gold medalists , " the 31-year-old said . "  So it was difficult , it was really difficult to handle the pressure at times , and the expectation . So I would n't do it ever again ! "  I think if the Olympics were in any other country in the world I would have retired after Beijing . I was looking at continuing for another four years past where I 'd kind of decided I 'd perhaps had enough already . "  Four years is a long time to be living in this process , going towards a home Games -- it 's a long time to be stuck in that kind of bubble . " Hoy wins fifth gold after disqualifications mar women 's team sprint Pendleton was unable to retain her sprint title from Beijing 2008 , but bounced back from a disqualification in her opening event -- the team sprint -- to claim gold in the keirin . "  Of course I 'm sad that I could n't take away two gold medals . Retrospectively standing here , I won a gold and silver medal at the Olympic Games ; I 'm really pleased with that ! It 's history already . Just move on and enjoy it really , " she said . Pendleton was beaten in the two-woman sprint final by Anna Meares after having her win in the first ride ruled out , as the Australian reversed their podium placings from four years ago . "  Anna and I have had a really fantastic rivalry over the past six years and I think I 'm a better sprinter because of her influence -- and I 'm sure she feels likewise , " she said . "  We 've pushed each other on . If she had n't had been there I might not have achieved the level that I had . It 'd be hard to push to find another rivalry like it , especially in women 's sprinting . I think we did really push the boundaries there . " Hoy becomes Britain 's greatest Olympian after taking sixth gold Pendleton , who has also won nine world titles , hopes that British cycling can continue its recent dominance . "  We were lucky enough to have significant funding from UK Sport and The Lottery in the beginning because we had been successful and won the occasional medal through the likes of Chris Boardman , Jason Queally , Chris Hoy , and it set the program up to develop and improve , " she said . "  Success brings success and I think that 's slightly coincidental almost , but then it 's created a kind of momentum that we 've just been rolling with ever since . " The hard work has paid off , and Pendleton can now reap the rewards -- whatever she decides to do next . "  All the best things in life come through hard work and sacrifice . Easy wins do n't mean as much , " she said . "  It 's the ones that take the hard work and the effort , tolerance , the sacrifice , and the commitment , all the tough things , they 're the ones that you really remember and that really count . "	Victoria Pendleton is stepping into the unknown following end of her cycling career British rider was one of the official faces of the London 2012 Olympics She won a gold and silver medal after a controversial disqualification The nine-time world champion says she considered retiring after Beijing 2008
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Comedienne Joan Rivers says she will "  stand behind " what she told a paparazzo about not feeling sadness for civilians killed in Gaza . Rivers made her controversial comments at the Los Angeles airport Wednesday when a photographer for Splash News Online asked her about the nearly 2,000 Palestinian killed over the last month since Israel launched military operations in Gaza in response to Hamas rocket attacks . "  When you declare war , you declare war , " Rivers said . "  They started it . We now do n't count who 's dead . You 're dead . You deserve to be dead . You started it . You started it . Do n't you dare make me feel sad about that . " Rivers compared Israel 's operations against Gaza to the United States ' dropping atomic bombs on Japan 69 years ago . "  You were told to get out , you do n't get out , then you know you 're an idiot , and at least the ones that were killed were the ones with very low IQs , " Rivers said . Celebs step into Israel-Gaza PR minefield Rivers posted what she called an "  accurate clarification " of her comments on her Facebook page Thursday afternoon , but it was not an apology . Instead , she said she was "  saddened and disappointed " that her words were "  totally taken out of context " by the media . "  The media , as usual , has decided to only quote the most out of context and inflammatory non sequitur rather than giving an accurate account of what my intentions were behind the statement , " Rivers said . She 's "  tired of bearing the brunt of attacks by people who want to sell newspapers or gain ratings by creating a scandal about me that is non-existent , " Rivers said . "  What I said and stand behind is , war is hell and unfortunately civilians are victims of political conflicts , " Rivers said . Rivers said she was "  praying for peace " in the Middle East . Jon Voight : Javier Bardem , Penelope Cruz ` ignorant ' about Israel and Gaza The Palestinian Ministry of Health said as of Thursday that 1,888 people , including 446 children , have died and 9,804 injured in Gaza in the past month . The United Nations has estimated that at least 70 % of the dead were civilians . The Israel Defense Forces believes it killed about 900 militants -- roughly half of the dead . Israeli officials have said 64 Israeli soldiers and three civilians in Israel died . Clock ticking on Gaza truce talks in Cairo	Joan Rivers about Gaza dead : "  You deserve to be dead . You started it " She 's "  saddened and disappointed " her words were "  totally taken out of context " Her clarification : "  War is hell and unfortunately civilians are victims of political conflicts " Rivers compares Israel 's actions against Gaza to the U.S. dropping atomic bombs on Japan
Editor 's note : Penn Jillette -- the larger , louder half of Penn & Teller -- is a magician , comedian , actor , author and producer . Penn Jillette says counterintuitive actions sometimes work -- and other times fail spectacularly . CNN  -- Counterintuitive action makes a fellow feel smart . When I first got my driver 's license , I took my old Ford Falcon into the Greenfield Public High School parking lot when it was freshly covered with fresh powder on top of wet slippery Western Massachusetts snow and ice . I turned fast , gunned it and lost control of the car in a skid . I turned into the skid and instantly gained control of my car . Telling someone to turn into a skid , that 's crazy talk . It seems so wrong , but my Dad knew it worked . Dad suggested I do it over and over in the parking lot , so I would conquer my intuition to be ready when a real emergency arose on a real road . Counterintuitive actions prove we can trust real knowledge and do the opposite of what we feel makes sense . I 'm a fire-eater . There is some technique to fire-eating , but most of the practice goes into learning that one 's mouth is wet enough , most of the heat goes up enough , and cutting the oxygen leg off the fire triangle  it 's now a fire tetrahedron , but I learned fire-eating a long time ago  with one 's mouth really does put the fire out . It took watching a professional whom I trusted do it -- a lot of trust and a lot of practice -- before my first reaction , when my mouth started to burn from the lit torch in my mouth , was to put the torch deeper in my mouth , close my mouth around the torch and put it out . Handling fire seems like a superpower . There are whole seminars and self-help jive centered on fire-walking , which is hustled as "  mind over matter , " or "  empowerment " but is really just counterintuitive physics . As long as the fire walk is set up right and you keep moving , you can even hope and pray to be burned , while yelling counter-self-help slogans such as "  I do not have any power to do this " and "  universe , please burn my little piggies , " and you 'll be fine . Whether it 's fire walking or knowing that the Earth is round , everyone seems to dig counterintuitive thinking . Many dig it when our president explains we 're going to spend our way out of debt . That 's way against all the intuition we 've developed in our adult lives . Spending our way out of debt does n't work often , does it ? It 's crazy talk . Did n't a lot of people try that spending out of debt thing ? I live in Vegas , and I see people by the side of the road with cardboard signs who seem like they might have tried that spending their way out of debt thing . Or maybe they tried the all too intuitive "  crack will make me feel healthy again " thing . I do n't know . Did n't lots of people try piling up debt on credit cards and buying houses they could n't afford in hopes of solving all their financial problems ? I 've tried spending more than I was going to earn  remember , I was carny trash , that 's why I know how to eat fire  , and it way did n't work . Spending more money than I had to spend put me more in debt , just like my silly intuition warned me . President Obama is so damn smart . He just drips smart . He clearly understands stuff that we could never understand . He 's trustworthy . If Obama were teaching fire-eating , we would all learn fast . If he told you that the burns would be minor and the fire would go out when you closed your mouth , you 'd believe him . If I were n't twice his weight , I 'd fall back with my eyes closed into his caring arms in one of those cheesy '70s church trust exercises . He could talk me into anything . Obama tells us that we can spend our way out of debt . He tells us that even though the government had control over the banks and did nothing to stop the bad that 's going on , if we give them more control over more other bank-like things , then they can make sure bad stuff does n't happen ever again . He says we can get out of all those big wars President Bush caused by sending more troops into Afghanistan . And I do n't know . I really do n't know . I trusted my Dad that turning into a skid would work . I trusted my carny mentor , Doc Swan , that closing my mouth around a burning torch would put it out . They were right . Maybe the United States borrowing more money than I could imagine in a billion years with a billion computers and a billion monkeys typing on them , will get us out of financial trouble . I really do n't know . It 's certainly true that many counterintuitive things are true , and when you have the guts to do something counterintuitive that works , it 's really cool . It 's a superpower under our yellow sun . But there are some things that are just intuitive . Did you know , that if you 're going 100 mph , directly at a very , very thick , reinforced concrete wall , and you speed up , so you 're accelerating right when you hit the wall that the accident you have is going to be much worse than if you 'd jammed on the brakes as soon as you saw the wall at the end of the street ? Did you know that ? It 's exactly what everything you know and feel would tell you , and it 's exactly true . Most times when you 're driving , or playing with fire , or handling money , the thing that makes sense to you is also true . I way hope we 're turning into a skid and not accelerating into a concrete wall . Note : Reading this article does not give you the information you need to really eat fire , fire walk or even turn into a skid . Do not try any of it . You really need a trained professional to teach you , and most important you need to sign something that says Penn Jillette and CNN are not in any way responsible for your inevitable injuries . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Penn Jillette .	Penn Jillette : If you 're on ice , turning into a skid can help avoid a crash Jillette says such counterintuitive actions sometimes work Jillette : Other times , we 're better off following our intuition He asks whether we can get out of a debt-driven crisis by taking on lots more debt
CNN  -- Bake sales and recycling are common fundraising tactics in middle school . But Tara Suri was n't baking cupcakes for just any common cause . Her cause was hope , literally . Tara Suri 's organization helps orphans in Sudan and India attend school . When Tara was 13 , she was more than saddened by a trip to India with her family . From her sadness sprung the idea of trying to help the orphans in India and Sudan whom she saw abandoned by their parents , sometimes found in garbage dumps . "  It was somewhat of a revelation for me , " said Tara . "  It was the first time I recognized the economic disparities and the gender inequalities that were there . And that really touched me and I knew I had to do something about it . " So she started H.O.P.E. , or Helping Orphans Pursue Education . The organization aims to give kids the opportunity to achieve their full potential with the basics , like a sturdy roof over their heads , that Tara and her friends sometimes took for granted back in Scarsdale , New York . The organization "  sees education as a fundamental building block towards eradicating poverty and as a global solution to all the problems we currently face in the world , " said Tara . Watch Tara 's CNN.com Live interview " Now , at 16 , she has expanded her cause with an umbrella organization called Aandolan , which means "  a movement for change " in Hindi . Through that fundraising group , Tara runs Turn Your World Around and Connect a Kid along with H.O.P.E. , and gives a lot of it to kids growing up continents away who are in sad situations . E-mail to a friend	At 13 , Tara Suri founded an organization to help orphans attend school Check out the YPWR blog to meet the latest featured young person iReport.com : Do you know someone who rocks ? Let us know
