AOL Autos  -- With fuel prices still high enough to put a hole in your pocket , where does one turn ? BMW 's MINI division is the best average fuel-economy automaker . For some , it 's a vehicle that 's been engineered to sip , not guzzle . The question then : Which brand is more likely to ease you out of the gas station without feeling you 've been turned upside down and shaken ? Perhaps surprisingly , it 's not always the Asian-based carmakers that come up on top where fuel economy ratings are concerned . A look at the U.S. government 's official fuel economy ratings  published by the Department of Energy , the Office of Energy Efficiency and the Environmental Protection Agency  might not be light reading , but it does give a new sense of perspective on what is a very complex issue . One observation : Carmakers are , on the whole , doing a pretty good job of bringing choice to the market when it comes to fuel economy . AOL Autos : Best-selling fuel-efficient cars There may , however , be two races to win : the most fuel-efficient car on the road and the automaker that "  on average " is most likely to save you money at the pump . AOL Autos : Fuel-efficient used cars for sale On a single car basis , the Toyota Prius comes out on top , its hybrid technology delivering 48 city miles on a gallon  like other hybrids , its fuel efficiency drops slightly on the highway , to 45  . With fuel prices hitting hard , where are motorists more likely to find relief ? On a fleet basis , the best performing manufacturer is BMW 's MINI division , with three models averaging out at just over 27 mpg city/highway . But fitting a family any bigger than two or three in the MINI is n't possible ; Honda might be a more realistic choice , its 27 models average out at almost 24 mpg combined . Domestically , the winner in average fuel economy is Chevrolet , its 88 models average a combined 23.26 mpg combined city/highway , only slightly lower than Honda 's 23.81 mpg average . AOL Autos : Three cheap , fuel-efficient new cars What 's more impressive is that Chevrolet 's numbers factor in a full line of trucks , not the case with Honda  its only offering in that category being the Ridgeline  . But as shoppers would be quick to point out , it 's not the fleet that we 're buying . It 's the individual car or truck . AOL Autos : Cars with 30 + MPG for $ 300 or less per month By category , the 2008 Fuel Economy Guide singles out the leaders , and there it 's more than a little apparent that the traditional Asian and European brands are n't about to give up their leadership position . For two-seaters , it 's Mercedes ' Smart brand that delivers 33/41 mpg city/highway , followed by Mazda 's MX-5 and its 22/27 mpg rating . AOL Autos : 10 cars with the best gas mileage MINI stands alone in the next size category  mini-subcompact  , with its two variations  manual and automatic  delivering 28/37 combined and 26/34 respectively . An interesting side note : the traditional argument that manual transmissions deliver higher fuel economy no longer holds true . Several carmakers boast higher fuel economy with the automatic transmission than with a manual  if available  . Toyota 's Yaris takes top honors in the subcompact category , posting 29/35 with an automatic transmission  29/36 for the manual  . The compact category has the Honda Civic Hybrid at the top of the ratings , with its 40/45 mpg , followed by Toyota 's Corolla and its 28/37 mpg rating . A little bigger vehicle will still take you further , notably if it 's the industry leading Toyota Prius . In second place is the Nissan Versa and its 26/31 mpg rating . The federal government 's "  large car " category has the Honda Accord at the top with 21/31 mpg  manual  and 22/31 mpg  automatic  . Honda once again takes top honors in the small station wagon category , the Fit coming in at 27/34  automatic  and 28/34  manual  . Volkswagen 's Passat came out on top in the midsize station wagon category with 20/28 mpg for the automatic and 20/29 with manual transmission . Where pickups are concerned , the differences between manufacturers are only slight , with Ford 's Ranger two-wheel-drive Ranger pickup tying with its Mazda cousin , the B2300 at 21/26 mpg city/highway , followed by Toyota 's Tacoma two-wheel-drive version delivering slightly less -- 19/25 mpg . In the standard pickup truck category , 15/20 mpg city/highway seems to be the standard , only the Dodge Dakota and Mitsubishi 's Raider  both two-wheel-drive  eking out a slightly higher 16 mpg city . GM apparently owns the cargo van category when it comes to fuel economy , its Chevy 1500/2500 and GMC version delivering 15/20 mpg . And the Mazda5 has similar bragging rights in the minivan category , with 21/27 mpg  automatic  and 22/28 mpg  manual  . The sport utility vehicle category has Ford Motor Co. taking top honors , not only with the Ford Escape Hybrid at 34/30 but its virtually identical hybrid cousins the Mazda Tribute and Mercury Mariner . The Jeep Compass and Patriot , both with manual transmission and two-wheel-drive , are rated at 23/28 mpg city/highway . So who 's the worst when it comes to earning the gas guzzler label ? Look to the so-called "  exotics . " The average Lamborghini , for example , will average just over 11 mpg  combined city and highway  , only slightly outdoing the two-seater Bugatti Veyron 's 10 mpg . But people who buy those cars are n't nearly as likely to wince as the gas pump numbers go flying by . The lesson : Just about any way the numbers are sliced and diced , there are options for car buyers looking for fuel relief . And the differences may be surprising . Comparisons based on data available in the Model Year 2008 Fuel Economy Guide , published by the U.S. Department of Energy , the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Number of vehicles for each manufacturer includes variations in transmission , engine and trim , and fuel octane requirements .	Two fuel-efficient races to win : best car and best all-around automaker Toyota Prius is No. 1 car -- hybrid technology gives 48 city miles on a gallon "  Exotic " cars like Lamborghini and Bugatti are worst fuel-economy automakers Compact category has Honda Civic Hybrid , Toyota Corolla at top of ratings
BANGALORE , India  CNN  -- Two-year-old Lakshmi Tatma , an Indian toddler born with four arms and four legs , made her first public appearance Tuesday , a week after surgeons in India successfully removed her additional limbs . Doctors said Lakshmi was recovering well as she appeared Tuesday at a news conference . Lakshmi , wearing a plaster cast on her legs to keep her feet up and her legs together to help her wounds heal , was carried into a news conference Tuesday as her doctors announced she was being released from intensive care . "  She is coping very well , " lead surgeon Dr. Sharan Patil said . "  She is being carried around by her mother and her father . " Several of her doctors , all of them smiling , described her recovery over the past week "  very steady and good progress , " one saying she is "  out of the woods " as far as serious medical issues are concerned . Watch the recovering little girl meet the media " The operation a week ago lasted 27 hours and involved a team of some 30 surgeons , all specialists in pediatrics , neurosurgery , orthopedics , and plastic surgery , working in eight-hour shifts . Lakshmi 's extra limbs were part of a conjoined twin which stopped developing in the womb . It had a torso and limbs but no head , and was joined to Lakshmi at the pelvis . Doctors said that without the surgery , Lakshmi would have been unlikely to survive beyond early adolescence . The surgery involved the removal of the extra limbs and the repositioning of Lakshmi 's organs . When Lakshmi was born into her poor , rural Indian family , villagers in the remote settlement of Rampur Kodar Katti in the northern state of Bihar believed she was sacred . As news of her birth spread , locals queued for a blessing from the baby . Her parents , Shambhu and Poonam Tatma , named the girl after the Hindu goddess of wealth who has four arms . However , they were forced to keep her in hiding after they were approached by men offering money in exchange for putting their daughter in a circus . The couple , who earn just $ 1 a day as casual laborers , wanted her to have the operation but were unable to pay for the rare procedure , which had never before been performed in India . After Patil visited the girl in her village from Narayana Health City hospital in Bangalore , the hospital 's foundation agreed to fund the $ 200,000 operation . Planning for the surgery took a month , Patil said , and Lakshmi spent that month in the hospital . Many villagers , however , remained opposed to surgery and were planning to erect a temple to Lakshmi , whom they still revere as sacred . E-mail to a friend	Girl born with eight limbs makes first public appearance since surgery Surgeons say Lakshmi Tatma , two , "  coping very well , " making good progress Lakshmi released from intensive care Tuesday ; appears at press conference Operation lasted 27 hours and involved 30 surgeons working eight-hour shifts
CNN  -- Phillip Prince has been sitting in his tractor-trailer , stuck on Interstate 40 near Groom , Texas , for hours . Nine hours and four minutes , to be precise . Prince and his co-driver were due in California at 1 p.m. Tuesday , where they were going to drop off 25,000 pounds of frozen pizza . But then they came upon what the National Weather Service is calling "  a crippling , historic blizzard . " "  It was pretty nasty when we first got into it , " he said . "  But then it turned into a whiteout . " Prince , who has been a long-haul driver for nine years , says he 's never seen it this bad , as he explained his situation on CNN.com 's iReport . The line of trucks is five to six miles long . It 's frustrating , the west-bound driver said , because he can see snowplows in the east-bound lanes . He hopes to get moving soon ; he 's down to eating his last box of Lucky Charms . The good news is that it has stopped snowing . The winds are still 55 mph , but the skies are clear though the roads are not . The storm has been moving east during the day , dumping records amount of snow along the way . In Woodward , a town in northwest Oklahoma , firefighters were unable to reach a burning house because they ran into 4-foot snow drifts . The snowplow sent to dig them out also became stuck , Matt Lehenbauer , the director of Woodward , said Monday afternoon . "  At this point , we ca n't keep ahead of snowfall rates , " he said . "  Right now , the situation is pretty critical . " At least six calls came in from other stranded motorists , he said . As of 3:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  , 15 inches of snow had fallen in Woodward , the most snow accumulation since 1971 , the National Weather Service said . Blizzard warnings were set to expire at midnight across the Texas Panhandle , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . The powerful storm will move northeast through Oklahoma on Monday night , prompting blizzard warnings there . Blizzard conditions are expected to move into south central Kansas early Tuesday , bringing another round of heavy snow to Wichita , which just experienced record snowfall last week . As the storm moves into eastern Kansas , winds will die down and whiteout conditions are less likely . However , heavy snow is still forecast with snowfall totals over a foot in some areas of southeast Kansas . The storm is leaving behind a huge mess in its wake . Almost all roads in the Texas Panhandle were impassable Monday , and the state Department of Transportation pulled virtually all of its snowplows off roads because of whiteout conditions , Texas DOT spokesman Paul Braun said Monday morning . On its Facebook page , the weather service posted a video of the wind and snow whipping a U.S. flag outside its Amarillo office . "  If after watching the last video you thought you could still get out and travel , well you have n't seen anything yet ! " the Facebook post said . And later , it followed that up with another indication of how bad things were getting . "  Amarillo Airport just recorded a gust of 65knots/75mph ! This is truly a historic blizzard ! " the second Facebook post said . "  Conditions have NOT improved . Please stay inside and do NOT venture out . " As of 4 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  , 19 inches of snow had fallen in Amarillo -- an all-time single day record for February , the weather service said . Monday 's accumulation also ranked as the second highest single-day snowfall accumulation ever recorded there , the agency said . For some , the service 's warnings did n't come soon enough . Emergency crews were having trouble reaching drivers who were caught on the roads , Texas Department of Public Safety Trooper Gabriel Medrano said . Cars were in ditches , he said , because drivers could n't tell where road ended and ditch began . National Guard units were being sent to help stranded motorists , the Texas DOT said . CNN iReporter Jason Boyett in Amarillo posted a video showing near-whiteout conditions at 7:40 a.m. , and followed that with another showing a drift nearly 3 feet high outside his front door . "  We get high winds and we get big snowstorms , but they 're not often combined , " Boyett said . Track the massive winter storm Whiteouts were also reported in Oklahoma , where as of 10 a.m. Central time , the state had closed all highways in six counties -- Ellis , Harper , Woodward , Beaver , Texas and Cimarron -- until further notice . "  Roadways and ditches are snow packed with no visibility and are very slick and hazardous . All travel is discouraged , " the Oklahoma Department of Transportation said . As much as 16 inches of snow could fall in western areas of the state , the weather service said . Oklahoma Lt. Gov. Todd Lamb declared a state of emergency for 56 of Oklahoma 's 77 counties . Visibility was low in Fairview , Oklahoma , midway between the Panhandle and Oklahoma City , said CNN iReporter Brandi Whitacre . "  Right now it is snowing so heavily I can barely see down our driveway , which is 100 yards or so . It is coming down , " said Whitacre , who added that 'd she 'd lost satellite TV service and was experiencing intermittent power outages . Are you there ? Send stories and photos The blizzard is the second major winter storm to hammer the region in a week . The number of people under blizzard and winter storm warnings , watches and advisories totaled 35 million , according to CNN 's weather unit . Wichita schools were closed for the third straight school day as the new storm roared in on the heels of one that dumped up to 22 inches of snow on some areas late last week . Kansas ' governor on Sunday extended a state of emergency declaration to include the new storm . Gov. Sam Brownback said Monday that one person had been killed in a single car accident in Sherman County . Officials blamed the fatal wreck on icy roads . The Kansas Department of Transportation reported that many highways in the central part of the state , including Interstate 70 , were completely covered by snow and ice on Monday morning . All flights in and out of Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport in Texas were canceled until noon on Monday . Preston Smith International Airport in Lubbock was also closed , CNN affiliate KCBD reported , and Texas Tech University in Lubbock shut down on Monday because of the storm . While millions will see snow -- including Chicago , where 3 to 7 inches of snow and sleet are expected by Wednesday morning -- rain may rule for the next few days in parts of the Southeast . In Mobile , Alabama , on the Gulf Coast , residents prepared for the possibility of heavy rain and wind gusts as strong as 30 mph by Monday night . The rain is part of a band affecting several Southern states where tornado watches were in also effect Monday night . CNN 's Greg Botelho , AnneClaire Stapleton and Judson Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : Drivers trapped on highway in Texas for more than nine hours Emergency crews in Oklahoma get stuck on their way to fire call Whiteout conditions force plows from Texas highways Amarillo , Texas gets 19 inches of snow in one day
WILMINGTON , Delaware  CNN  -- Sen. Joe Biden was always in charge when he was a boy , his younger sister said . Not because he bullied the other kids , but because he appealed to their "  better angels . " Joe Biden greets supporters at a rally in Battle Creek , Michigan , on August 31 . "  He was always the guy who led the pack , and it was n't because he stood up and pounded his chest and said , ` C'mon and follow me , ' " his sister , Valerie Biden Owens , said . "  The kids just naturally followed him . " Owens , who is three years younger than the 65-year-old vice presidential candidate , said she was her brother 's sidekick when the two grew up in their Scranton , Pennsylvania , neighborhood with their brother and sister . "  I opened my eyes , and he was there , " she said . "  He always taught that I could stretch . He encouraged me to achieve and try things that I would never have tried before , " she said . Biden "  was the kid who brought all the kids into the pack " and was a boy "  who did the right thing , and did the right thing by other kids , " Owens said . Watch Biden revealed in documentary " "  He was always the fearless leader ... and he 's always , you know , -LSB- saying -RSB- , ` It 's your turn . Now , you . Try it again . You can do it . Go ahead , ' " she said . Owens said her older brother always tried to make kids feel part of the group because he knew what it felt like to feel excluded . One kid in high school called him "  Dash Biden " because he stuttered and it took him a long time to pronounce his name , Owens said . "  A fierce determination that he was not going to allow an imperfection to hold him back , " drove him to overcome the stuttering , she said . "  There are not excuses so he had to figure out a way to overcome it , " Owens said . "  He practiced , and he used to take verses from Emerson and Yeats and he would memorize them . " Watch how Biden overcame his stutter " Stuttering would not be the last -- or even the greatest -- challenge Biden would face in his life . Shortly after he was elected to the Senate in 1972 at age 29 , Biden 's first wife , Nealia , and a daughter , Naomi , were killed in a car accident . His sons , Beau and Hunter , survived the crash , and Biden took the Amtrak train from Washington to Wilmington , Delaware , daily to take care of them . After the accident , Biden was "  devastated -- his world was gone , " Owens said . But Biden "  put one foot in front of the other " and made sure he took care of his children , she said . "  I think that 's why he connects with people , " she said . "  As my dad said , ` It 's not how you get knocked down , it 's how quickly you get back up . ' " Follow a timeline of Biden 's career " In 1977 , Biden married his second wife , Jill , who Owens said "  put my brother 's life back together . " "  She not only married my brother , she married the state of Delaware . She married the Biden family , " Owens said . "  And the whole time -LSB- she -RSB- has kept her perspective and her feet grounded . She 's a remarkable woman . " Now , Owens said , Biden 's ability to unite people and appeal "  to the better instinct in human nature " -- the same traits he showed when he was a boy in Scranton -- are why he is a good running mate for Sen. Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential nominee . "  He never would have signed on and agreed to run with Sen. Obama unless he thought he could make a difference , unless he believed in Sen. Obama and where he wanted to lead the country , " she said . "  They share the same values . They share the same vision . "	In childhood , other kids followed Biden , VP nominee 's sister recalls Big brother encouraged her to achieve and try new things , she says Stutter gave Joe Biden empathy for the excluded , sister says Biden and Obama ` share the same vision , ' Valerie Biden Owens says
CNN  -- With the search for the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 now concentrated in the southern Indian Ocean , any debris found could give investigators some clues as to what happened to the jetliner . Scorch marks or soot would indicate there was a fire on board . How pieces of metal were bent or torn could tell investigators how the plane hit the water or whether it broke up in mid-air , several experts told CNN . But the real prize is the doomed jet 's flight data recorder , which may be far more difficult to recover . "  The debris that 's floating is valuable . It can give us some information for the investigation , " retired U.S. Navy Capt. Bobbie Scholley told CNN . "  But we really still want to get the priority , which are the ` black boxes ' of course , which will be on the bottom . " Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak announced Monday that a new analysis of satellite data puts Flight 370 's last position "  far from any possible landing sites . " The airline notified the families of the 239 passengers and crew that "  all lives are lost , " as one of those relatives told CNN . Aircraft and ships have been watching the seas far off Australia in search of possible wreckage from the Boeing 777 for days now after satellite photos turned up what could be debris from the doomed plane . How ` groundbreaking ' number crunching found path of Flight 370 That the search is concentrated so far off its planned Kuala Lumpur-to-Beijing course strongly suggests the crew was incapacitated , former pilot Alastair Rosenschein told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  Let 's be very clear about this : The aircraft would not have been in that location had the pilots had control of the aircraft , had they been conscious and had they had the desire to save their lives and land somewhere , " Rosenschein said as the search commenced last week . "  So I would go on the premise that if the aircraft went down there , it was uncontrolled and ran out of fuel , " he said . "  And in fact , that location is consistent with the full length of time the aircraft could fly with the fuel load it had . " Former Air Force accident investigator Alan Diehl said the wreckage may show signs of a fire or explosion . The cockpit itself , if recovered , might reveal signs of fire or whether the jet 's emergency oxygen system had been activated . "  Impact damage , certainly at the visible and especially at the microscopic level , looks a lot different than an explosion , " he said . And former commercial pilot Shawn Pruchnicki said pieces should reveal whether the plane plunged nose-first into the ocean , whether it gradually descended or whether it disintegrated overhead . "  We 're going to be able to tell that by looking at the wreckage and looking at the deformity , now not only  how  it 's compressed but how it 's torn , " said Pruchnicki , who teaches aviation safety at Ohio State University . ` They have told us all lives are lost ' Another marker of the tragedy -- bodies -- may yield more clues if found , Diehl said . Autopsies would reveal signs of smoke inhalation , while the extent of trauma might indicate how hard the aircraft hit the water , he said . But why the aircraft ended up in the middle of nowhere is something the wreckage is unlikely to answer . That 's what makes finding the flight recorders , especially the flight data recorder , so important , said Mary Schiavo , a former Transportation Department inspector-general and CNN aviation analyst . "  If the pilots were not speaking and there is no clicks or sounds of equipment , the cockpit voice recorder is not going to be a lot of help , " Schiavo said . "  But the data recorder will be a gold mine of information and it will literally tell everything that the plane did . " Another problem is the battery life on the locator beacons attached to the flight recorders . They are designed to transmit for at least 30 days , but could last up to five days longer , the manufacturer 's president told CNN . Finding those recorders will get more difficult with time , as debris starts to sink or get spread around by wind and ocean currents , former Navy captain Scholley said . The flight recorders are likely on the bottom already , she said : Searchers need to get ships into the suspected crash area "  and try to get those eyes on any debris that we can find before that debris sinks and we lose that part of this search forever . " "  Some of this debris may go on forever and end up washing ashore eventually , but by that time it is just too late for the investigation , " she said .	Bent , deformed or scorched metal could reveal clues to investigators The search area suggests Flight 370 's crew was n't in control of the jet , analyst says The flight data recorder is likely on the bottom , but would be a "  gold mine "
Washington  CNN  -- Musician James Taylor , historian Bernard Bailyn , novelist Joyce Carol Oates , actress Meryl Streep and pianist Van Cliburn were among a small group of honorees recognized at the White House Wednesday for their contributions to America 's arts and humanities . The men and women were selected as the 2010 recipients of the National Medal of Arts and National Humanities Medal . The arts medal , established in 1984 , is meant to honor "  outstanding contributions to the excellence , growth , support and availability of the arts , " according to the National Endowment for the Arts . The humanities medal , created in 1997 , "  honors individuals or groups whose work has deepened the nation 's understanding of the humanities , broadened our citizens ' engagement with the humanities , or helped preserve and expand Americans ' access to important resources in the humanities , " according to the National Endowment for the Humanities . The arts and humanities are what "  make the good times worthwhile , " Obama said . "  Our strength as a people runs deeper than our military might " or economic prowess . "  It 's also about our values and ideas . " Aside from Cliburn , Streep and Taylor , the group receiving the arts medal included : playwright and critic Robert Brustein ; abstract artist Mark di Suvero ; poet Donald Hall ; the organizers of Jacob 's Pillow Dance Festival , America 's longest-running international dance festival ; Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist Harper Lee ; jazz musician Sonny Rollins , and musician Quincy Jones . In addition to Bailyn and Oates , the group receiving the humanities medal included Library of America founder Daniel Aaron ; cultural historian Jacques Barzun ; poet and novelist Wendell Berry ; Spanish and Latin American literary critic Roberto Gonzalez Echevarria ; Stanley Nider Katz , the head of the American Council of Learned Societies ; biographer and literary critic Arnold Rampersad ; novelist Philip Roth , and historian Gordon Wood .	Obama honors the 2010 recipients of the National Medal of Arts and National Humanities Medal Van Cliburn , Meryl Streep , and James Taylor are among the recipients of the arts medal Bernard Bailyn and Joyce Carol Oates are among the recipients of the humanities medal
CNN  -- After a series of raids , police made new arrests in the public stoning death of a pregnant Pakistani woman , bringing the total of people in custody to 12 . Farzana Parveen , 25 , was killed in Lahore last month because she married a man against her family 's wishes . The latest arrests include her two brothers and her ex-husband . The mob of 28 people that attacked her included members of her immediate family , authorities said . Shortly after her death , police arrested five people , including her father , her uncle , two cousins and the driver who brought the relatives to Lahore . The court is treating the death as an act of terror that has "  wider consequences on the safety and well being of all of society , " according to lawyer Maliha Zia of Aurat Foundation , a Pakistani women 's rights organization . She said she was worried that international pressure may have forced the government to convene an anti-terrorist court in an act of "  show and tell . " Pakistani police officers will be investigated because they did n't intervene when Parveen was publicly beaten to death with bricks , a court official said . Such killings not uncommon Such killings often originate from tribal traditions in Pakistan but are not a part of Islam . They usually happen in rural areas , not large cities such as Lahore . Human rights activists said bystanders , including police , often do n't intervene because the killings are considered family matters . The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan said 869 women were victims last year in the nation of about 180 million people . Women 's rights advocates say the actual number may be much higher . The United Nations estimates that at least 5,000 women worldwide die yearly in such killings . The prevalence of violence against women in Pakistan became apparent when Parveen 's husband , Mohammad Iqbal , revealed to CNN that he killed his first wife six years ago so he could marry her . His son said Iqbal served a year in prison .	Farzana Parveen , 25 , was fatally beaten with bricks She was killed after she married a man against her family 's wishes Her father , ex-husband and brothers are among the latest arrests
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- A hoax video purporting to show Michael Jackson hopping out of a coroner 's van alive was produced by a German television station as an experiment , the broadcaster told CNN Monday . Michael Jackson was found dead on June 25 . He had been preparing for a comeback . It was made to show how easy it is to spread rumors online , said Heike Schultz , a spokeswoman for RTL , the leading private broadcaster in Germany . "  We sent out a press release before we did the video to alert everyone that it was fake , but once posted it spread really fast , " she said . More than 880,000 people have clicked on the most popular version of the video on YouTube , posted by a user using the name "  michaeljacksonhoax " under the title "  Michael Jackson alive ?! Seen coming out of coroner 's van ! " Nearly 3,600 people have commented on the video . "  All the moves , his posture , the stepping out of the van , looks like MJ . He steps out very cautious , like a moonwalk . Also the slowly walking is just like Michael did , " one user wrote . "  I really hope he 's still alive ... I could never forgive him for scaring me like that , but I could never hate him ... : , " another said . Watch video of the hoax " Not everyone was fooled . "  I would forgive Michael for anything because he is so super sexy but seriously guys he has passed , " one user wrote . "  MJ has passed so leave him alone this movie is fake . R.I.P. Michael I love and miss u. " A second version of the video , posted and annotated by "  MUZIKfactory2 " to show inconsistencies , has been seen more than 329,000 times . Both versions were posted on August 25 . RTL produced the video for its daily magazine "  Explosive " to tell people not to take information at face value , the station 's representative said . "  This was so obviously fake , in the case of Michael Jackson , it just was not possible , " Schultz said . According to Schultz , some viewers have been happy that the magazine showed them how easy it was to fake information online . Others who were Michael Jackson fans have told RTL that this was the wrong topic to do this kind of experiment on . "  It was not a bad thing , since it was so obviously a fake . But it is now in our poison wardrobe and it wo n't be revived again , " Schultz said . RTL said it removed the video from the Internet , but it can still be seen on YouTube . News of Jackson 's death on June 25 sparked something of a feeding frenzy on the Web , as many news Web sites struggled to cope with the sheer volume of traffic . With that came rumors that dragged in other celebrities completely unconnected to the "  King of Pop 's " death . One Wikipedia prankster wrote that Jackson had been "  savagely murdered " by his brother Tito , who had strangled him "  with a microphone cord . " Soon rumors spread online that movie star Jeff Goldblum had fallen from the Kauri Cliffs in New Zealand while filming his latest movie . On several search engines , "  Jeff Goldblum " soon became the only non-Jackson-related term to crop up in the top 10 . The rumors forced Goldblum 's publicist to issue a statement to media outlets , saying : "  Reports that Jeff Goldblum has passed away are completely untrue . He is fine and in Los Angeles . " At the same time , Harrison Ford was also rumored to have fallen from a yacht off the south of France . CNN 's Per Nyberg in London , England and Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin , Germany , contributed to this report .	Video purportedly showed Michael Jackson hopping out of a coroner 's van RTL spokesperson : Video made to show how easy it is to spread rumors online 880,000 people clicked on the most popular version of the video on YouTube RTL : Video intended to tell people not to take information at face value
CNN  -- A series of car bombs ripped through parts of Baghdad Monday evening , killing at least 28 people and wounding dozens in the latest deadly incident in violence-torn Iraq , police said . Nine car bombs detonated in the Iraqi capital , at least some of them in several Shiite Muslim neighborhoods . In addition to those killed , at least 106 were injured , police said . "  Yes , another day of coordinated attacks in the capital , " police Capt. Ali al-Lami told CNN . It was n't clear who was responsible , he added . Monday 's violence came after at least 88 people were killed and more than 300 were injured in bombings and other attacks throughout the country on Saturday and Sunday , according to police officials . The weekend attacks prompted a U.N. envoy to call on the nation 's leaders to take action to stop the "  accelerated surge in violence and bloodshed . " More than 5,000 civilians have died and 12,000 have been wounded in terrorist attacks and other violence in Iraq in 2013 , the U.N. Mission in Iraq reported last month . The region around Baghdad has been the hardest-hit , the agency said . The United Nations has said 979 Iraqis were killed and 2,133 were wounded in acts of terrorism and violence last month alone . "  In the aftermath of yet another series of bloody attacks that indiscriminately hit pilgrims , schoolchildren , journalists , as well as ordinary citizens trying to go about their daily lives , the special representative of the United Nations secretary-general for Iraq , Mr. Nickolay Mladenov , called on political , religious and civil leaders to work together with the security forces and take joint action to halt the accelerated surge in violence and bloodshed , " the U.N. Assistance Mission for Iraq said in a statement issued Sunday . Iraq has been struggling with deep sectarian divisions between its Shiite and Sunni populations , as well as the ethnic divisions between Arabs and minorities such as Kurds . Iraq has seen a sharp increase in tension between its Shiite and Sunni populations since April , when security forces raided a site used by Sunni protesters to demonstrate against the Shiite-led government . Sunnis , who represent a minority of Iraqis , have felt politically marginalized since the overthrow of Saddam Hussein in 2003 . Shiites , who make up a majority of Iraqis , now dominate the government . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Police : At least nine car combs detonate in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad The bombings come after two days in which dozens were killed in various attacks in Iraq U.N. : More than 5,000 civilians have been killed in Iraq so far this year
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. Coast Guard chopper responding to a possibly distressed boater off the South Carolina coast was forced to make an emergency landing when the pilot was temporarily blinded by a laser , the service said . The scare on Wednesday near Garden City Beach was the third time in as many weeks that Coast Guard pilots in that area , called the Grand Strand , have reported being disabled by sharp laser light . "  We 've been very fortunate that the green laser incidents have n't yet resulted in tragedy , " Coast Guard Cmdr. Gregory Fuller of Air Station Savannah said in a statement . In the latest incident , the chopper responded to reports of orange flares offshore . Following the emergency landing , another crew took over and continued the search . No distressed boater or any evidence of flares were found , the Coast Guard said . The Coast Guard is working with police to try to find out who is responsible . The pilot in this case was grounded for 24 hours before being cleared to fly again . It is unclear what type of laser might have been used in this case . But reports by commercial and private pilots of laser incidents nationally have jumped in recent years as hand-held technology has become readily available and easily used . Aviation safety officials and law enforcement are trying to curb the activity and are stepping up prosecutions . Phony Mayday calls vexing Coast Guard Coast Guard officials have deemed the Grand Strand area of the South Carolina coast where pilots have reported lasers as very high risk , and now require crews to consider the possibility of a laser scenario before responding to a distress call . "  Every time we send our aircrews to the Grand Strand , we 're telling them to fly into the equivalent of a storm , where it 's almost guaranteed they 'll be hit , " Fuller said . "  We 're simply asking the public to stop putting Coast Guard men and women in senseless and unnecessary danger . " It is a problem becoming all too frequent for pilots . The number of reported laser incidents involving aircraft in the United States has risen 26 % from 2,836 in 2010 to 3,592 in 2011 . It has more than doubled since 2009 . "  Shining a laser at an airplane is not a laughing matter . It 's dangerous for both pilots and passengers , and we will not tolerate it , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in May . FAA Acting Administrator Michael Huerta has said federal authorities will "  aggressively " prosecute violators under a new law that makes laser targeting a federal crime , and will not treat incidents with warning notices or counseling . The FAA and the Justice Department are pushing for stiffer penalties against those responsible for targeting aircraft . Since June last year , the FAA has started enforcement action against 28 people charged with aiming a laser device at an aircraft and has opened "  dozens of additional cases " for investigation , the agency said . Dealing with these incidents on top of an increase in false mayday calls have frustrated Coast Guard officials . "  The biggest downfall is that their night vision is ruined , and they 're flying blind . It 's dangerous for the pilots and the crew . Their lives and the lives of the crew are at risk , " Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr. Jamie Fredrick told CNN . CNN 's Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	The Coast Guard chopper was responding to reports of flares off South Carolina coast Temporarily blinded pilot makes a safe emergency landing , no distressed boater found There have been multiple laser incidents targeting Coast Guard pilots in recent weeks
CNN  -- Poor Hillary Clinton . Later this week and next , she 'll have the unenviable task of visiting Egypt and Israel at a time when America 's capacity to influence the policies of both countries has fallen to new lows . And not even the secretary of state -- a veritable superstar of persuasion -- can charm America back into a position of influence . The public aspect of the visits should go smoothly enough . Nobody has a stake in upsetting an American Secretary of State . . Election year politics will diminish any unpleasantness in Israel , and even in Egypt , where the secretary should deliver some tough messages on the need to create and respect democratic principles , nobody really wants a fight . But not so far beneath the surface , agendas diverge and challenges abound for an America that 's no longer as admired , feared or respected as much as it needs to be in a region critical to its national interests . Here 's a guide to some of them : Democratization : In Egypt , Clinton confronts so many challenges and minefields that regardless of what happens on this visit , the United States will be wrestling with that country 's politics for years to come . The good news , of course , is that for the first time in 40 years , Egypt has competitive politics ; the bad news is that the most anti-democratic and exclusive forces in the country are the ones who are competing . Clinton will find herself sandwiched between Islamists she does n't trust and whose values are n't her own , and generals she believes have subverted Egypt 's nascent democracy but are necessary to maintaining the peace treaty with Israel . Navigating this course wo n't be easy . The meeting with Egypt 's President Mohamed Morsy will carry great symbolism : the United States sanctioning the rise of political Islam in the Arab world 's most important country . Although Clinton can rationalize she is meeting the democratically elected president of Egypt , Morsy is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood , whose views on issues such as female genital mutilation , women 's rights , peace with Israel and U.S. policies throughout the region diverge from hers , and America 's . The meeting with the generals wo n't be much easier . The Obama administration believes that the military -- not the Brotherhood -- has been mainly responsible for subverting the democratic process , and yet it 's really hard-pressed to do much about it . The $ 1.5 billion in military aid from the United States will most likely continue , lest America be without any leverage to affect matters in Egypt . The Israelis will press hard to ensure that assistance continues . After all , the U.S. gave it to the authoritarian Mubarak regime ; can it really withhold it in a period when Egypt is supposedly democratizing ? The generals have concluded that we need Egypt now more than Egypt needs us . Peace process : Clinton 's lack of leverage in Egypt will be mirrored in Israel . Israel 's focus on domestic issues such as the military conscription law and election politics in the U.S. will ensure that the Obama administration will not seriously push the revival of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations . Even if talks were to resume , they would n't produce much . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , worried about Egypt and Iran , is n't prepared to make big decisions . And neither , for that matter , is a weak and constrained PLO Chairman Mahmoud Abbas . Iran : Israel 's worst fears about a nuclear Iran appear to be coming to pass . Sanctions are tougher than ever but apparently wo n't deter Iran should it persist in its campaign to acquire the capacity to produce a nuclear weapon . The P5-plus-1  U.S. , Britain , France , China , Russia and Germany  negotiations with Iran are n't producing a solution that stops weapons grade enrichment . The Iranian centrifuges continue to spin . And the Americans are in no mood to strike Iran or to give the Israelis a green or yellow light to strike . No Israeli military strike is likely before year 's end , certainly not before the U.S. elections . But after that , all bets are off . Neither Clinton nor the president would be able to restrain the Israelis should they decide they need to act . Once upon a time , visits by secretaries of state to these countries really mattered . Not so much anymore . The Middle East has gotten a lot more complicated , and the locals act increasingly without reference to what America thinks or does . It may not be pretty to watch , but we better get used to it . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller .	Aaron Miller : Secretary of state to visit Egypt and Israel as U.S. clout in those nations wanes In Egypt , Clinton will be stuck between Islamists and anti-democracy generals , he writes Miller : In Israel , domestic issues and Iran are bigger issues than America 's concerns Miller : The U.S. ca n't stop Israel if it plans to attack Iran nor influence Egypt 's politics
San Diego  CNN  -- As you have probably noticed , human beings will sometimes do dumb things . Like step onto someone else 's property late at night or in the early morning hours , whether innocently or not so innocently . But that does n't give other people license to overreact and use deadly force to kill an unarmed trespasser . The law of man says so but so does the code of common decency . Still , when a tragedy occurs , those who grieve over the loss of loved ones are sure to find little comfort in the fact that the person who caused their pain is condemned , tried and punished . That 's why the goal should be to avoid such unfortunate occurrences in the first place . Which brings us to Montana , and a story with blame to go around and no happy ending . My son is only 7 , but someday I 'd like him to have the experience of studying abroad . Of course , I want him to be safe . So when the time comes , I 'll be sure to give him some basic tips on how to stay out of harm 's way . Such as : Always be aware of your surroundings and be cautious around strangers . Do n't stay out after midnight or venture into parts of a city with which you 're not familiar . Do n't flash money or otherwise draw attention to yourself . Now it seems I must add one more item to the list : Do n't break into someone 's home , especially late at night or in the early morning hours . It 's rude , because you 're a guest in someone else 's country . It 's wrong , because you have to respect another person 's property . It 's probably against the law , no matter what country you 're in . It could also be dangerous . If the homeowner catches you and feels the least bit threatened , he might do whatever he feels is necessary to protect himself , his home and his family . You could get hurt or even worse . Consider what happened to Diren Dede , a 17-year-old German exchange student who was fatally shot at a private residence in Missoula , Montana . Dede was shot by 29-year-old homeowner Markus Kaarma after the teenager did something he should not have done : wandered uninvited into Kaarma 's garage in the early morning hours . The garage door was open , and -- according to the criminal complaint that has since been filed against Kaarma for deliberate homicide -- his companion , Janelle Pflager , intentionally left her purse out in plain view "  so that they would take it . " She also installed sensors and a video monitor so the couple could keep tabs on what was going on in the garage . By "  they , " Pflager appeared to mean whomever happened to come along and fall into the trap . She told police that the couple had been burglarized twice in the past several weeks , and they were fed up . They wanted to catch someone in the act . They did . According to the complaint , Kaarma -- a U.S. Forest Service firefighter -- told police that he saw images on the video monitor , grabbed his shotgun and fired four times into the garage . Dede was shot , taken to the hospital and later died from what police describe as serious injuries to his head and arm . Dede had no business in that garage . If he had never entered it , he 'd be alive today . And yet Kaarma is no hero . This was no spontaneous act of self-defense . The homeowner was on the equivalent of a hunting trip . He laid a trap , and then waited for someone to walk into it . In fact , according to the complaint , Kaarma told the woman who cuts his hair that he had been burglarized before and that he was staying up late at night "  just waiting to shoot some  expletive  kid . " The more you read about this story , the less sympathetic Kaarma becomes . He sounds like a crime victim who turned into a vigilante who was just waiting to mete out his own punishment on the next person he perceived as wronging him . But he 's the one who is in the wrong . So far , we have at least two people behaving badly . Care to make it three ? Celal Dede is the dead teenager 's grieving father . He told a German news agency that the culprit in this tragedy was the gun culture in the United States . "  America can not continue to play cowboy , " Celal Dede said . Ouch . The way the father sees it , his son was killed for simply trespassing on someone 's property . The punishment did n't fit the crime , he insists . He 's right about that . Even if Diren entered the garage with the intent of stealing something as opposed to simply snooping around , he still did n't deserve to die for the transgression . The homeowner obviously got carried away . And , if convicted , he should spend the rest of his life in prison because of it . But the father is wrong to blame the American gun culture . That 's a sweeping generalization . And , as an outsider , he should tread more lightly . Not every American owns a gun . The issue is n't guns or cowboys . Nor is the issue those notorious "  stand your ground " laws . Kaarma 's defense lawyers say they will invoke Montana 's so-called castle doctrine , which allows use of force to ward off unlawful entry of a home if the person reasonably believes it necessary to stop an assault or prevent a felony . The issue is responsibility . Those responsible might also include Celal Dede , the boy 's father . After all , someone apparently raised this young man to believe it was fine to trespass on a stranger 's home . Was it society , his peer group or his parents ? What happened in Montana was a terrible occurrence but one that could have been avoided if three people had behaved differently and made better choices .	Homeowner sets trap , and a 17-year-old from Germany is killed Ruben Navarrette says the homeowner deserves prosecution for his actions He says it was wrong for the youth to be in the house , but that does n't excuse shooter Navarrette : Slain youth 's father is wrong to blame America for "  cowboy " culture
CNN  -- Radio personality Rush Limbaugh declared himself bewildered by recent papal statements "  about the utter evils of capitalism . " In his broadcast , titled "  It 's Sad How Wrong Pope Francis Is  Unless It 's a Deliberate Mistranslation by Leftists  , " Limbaugh said the remarks add up to "  just pure Marxism coming out of the mouth of the Pope . " This would indeed be remarkable , if true . Is it ? Limbaugh is referring to the new apostolic exhortation , "  Evangelii Gaudium , " or "  The Joy of the Gospel , " in which Pope Francis lays out his vision for the church 's proclamation of the gospel . For Catholics , enthusiastic about the Pope 's unguarded style , the document offers a refreshing departure from the traditional voice : "  There are Christians whose lives seem like Lent without Easter , " the Pope laments . "  I want to remind priests that the confessional must not be a torture chamber . " He decries a kind of "  spiritual worldliness " that "  hides behind the appearance of piety , " warns against "  sourpusses " who would substitute love of Jesus Christ with a love of the church , and rejects a defeatist "  tomb psychology " that would transform Christians into "  mummies in a museum . " And yet certainly the press has focused on those several pages -- in a document of 50,000 words -- that offer a vivid critique of the global economic system , what Pope Francis terms "  an economy of exclusion and inequality . " Here , Limbaugh charges , "  The Pope has now gone beyond Catholicism , and this is pure political . " More "  saddened " than outraged , Limbaugh states that "  it is very clear  the Pope  does n't know what he 's talking about when it comes to capitalism and socialism , and so forth . " Actually , the words "  capitalism " and "  socialism " do not appear in the document . But it is not difficult to discern the Pope 's meaning : "  Just as the commandment ` Thou shalt not kill ' sets a clear limit in order to safeguard the value of human life , today we also have to say ` thou shalt not ' to an economy of exclusion and inequality . Such an economy kills . " As the first pope from the Southern Hemisphere , as one who experienced the financial meltdown of the Argentine economy , as a bishop who encouraged his priests to work in the slums , Pope Francis knows the global economy from the perspective of those at the bottom . Decrying the idolatry of money , he sets himself firmly against a "  deified marketplace " in which the masses of human beings become powerless spectators , if not disposable "  leftovers . " Limbaugh , who concedes that he is not Catholic , though he says he 's "  been tempted a number of times to delve into it , " nevertheless "  knows enough to know that this would have been unthinkable for a pope to believe or say just a few years ago . " But little distinguishes Pope Francis from the prophetic utterances of his predecessors . What he is offering is not "  Marxism , " as Limbaugh says , but bedrock Catholic social teaching that goes back more than a century . Both Pope John Paul II and Benedict XVI were explicit in their warnings against liberal capitalism and the dictatorship of the marketplace , producing encyclicals which , for their emphasis on social justice and the "  option for the poor , " would surely qualify for Rush Limbaugh as the very elixir of "  Marxism . " Yet Pope Francis may have touched a particular nerve . In the most often cited paragraph of his document , he notes , "  Some people continue to defend trickle-down theories which assume that economic growth , encouraged by a free market , will inevitably succeed in bringing about greater justice and inclusiveness in the world . "  This opinion , which has never been confirmed by the facts , expresses a crude and na  ve trust in the goodness of those wielding economic power and in the sacralized workings of the prevailing economic system . Meanwhile , the excluded are still waiting . " Here , you might say he is getting personal , stepping beyond familiar pleas for the poor to confront a central article of faith among the elite beneficiaries of our economy : The notion that whatever benefits the wealthiest -- tax cuts or financial deregulation -- will inevitably benefit those at the bottom . Apart from whether this is confirmed by the facts , Pope Francis attacks the corrosive effects of such an ideology on our capacity for compassion and concern for others . "  The culture of prosperity deadens us ; we are thrilled if the market offers us something new to purchase . In the meantime , all those lives stunted for lack of opportunity seem a mere spectacle ; they fail to move us . " Limbaugh finds this particular statement so bewildering that he repeats it three times . Business commentators may rise to the defense of the marketplace . But Pope Francis is not primarily interested in a debate about "  wealth creation . " He stands in a tradition that goes back to the prophets of Israel , whose moral litmus test was the welfare of society 's least and most vulnerable members . Pope Francis has taken it upon himself to speak for those who have no voice , to arouse the conscience of Christians , and to contribute to a culture of solidarity . He longs , he says , for a "  Church which is poor and for the poor . " Perhaps what distinguishes him from his predecessors is simply that he has identified this as a central focus , and that he evidently intends to hold the church accountable to this mission . Of course no one is troubled by a pope who embraces the sick and loves the poor . But when he dares to reflect on the moral and structural causes of poverty , that is a different matter . As Dom Helder Camara , another prophetic archbishop from Latin America , famously observed , "  When I give food to the poor they call me a saint . When I ask why they are poor , they call me a communist . " Some things never change . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Ellsberg .	Rush Limbaugh says Pope Francis sounds Marxist for his statements on poverty Pope decries the idolatry of money , extreme materialism and disregard for poor Limbaugh says remarks "  would have been unthinkable for a pope " to say few years ago Robert Ellsberg : But concern for the poor above all is not Marxist , it 's the core of Catholicism
CNN  -- Syrian authorities announced changes in the country 's media law as opposition groups provided accounts of regime brutality and claimed new deaths . The new laws would prohibit publication of a range of content and would hold editors , journalists and even media spokespeople accountable for violations . They prohibit media outlets from publishing content that affects "  national unity and national security , " incites sectarian strife , incites crimes or "  hatred , " or harms state symbols . The laws also forbid publishing news related to the armed forces . The legislation states that editors-in-chief , journalists and even "  the spokesman at a media outlet " can be held accountable for actions that constitute a violation of the law . It also establishes an independent panel to regulate the "  information sector . " A statement on the changes cites the need to balance "  freedom of expression " with "  responsibility and awareness . " In the meantime , one opposition group accuses government security forces of rights violations , including holding civilians hostage . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights cites eyewitnesses in several cities , who claim that authorities are threatening the family members of wanted activists , holding them hostage and destroying homes . The regime is forcing activists to turn themselves in by arresting members of the activists ' families , including children and elderly people , the group says . Authorities are also burning the homes of activists or their families if information is not forthcoming . Additionally , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says authorities are warehousing arrestees in former Baath party youth camps . These camps do not have the health care or hygiene facilities to accommodate the large number of people detained . Witnesses say detainees are being given only one inadequate meal a day . The group also accuses Syrian authorities of violating both Christian and Muslim places of worship , as well as arresting doctors and burning pharmacies . Another opposition group said Sunday that continuing protests have led to more fatalities . Four people were killed in demonstrations across the country Sunday , according to the Local Coordination Committee . Two died in Idlib , according to the group , after heavy gunfire from Syrian security forces . On Saturday , the Arab League Council called for restraint and an end to bloodshed in Syria in the midst of ongoing violence and unrest . "  The council expresses its concern about the deteriorating in Syria , " the group said in a statement on its website . Syria 's regime has come under criticism and pressure for its harsh crackdown on demonstrators . World powers have called for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down . Last week , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said that more than 2,200 people have been killed in Syria since mid-March , with more than 350 people reportedly killed since the start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on August 1 .	NEW : Syrian authorities announce new rules for journalists NEW : Opposition group says four people were killed Sunday NEW : Rights group says security forces are holding civilians hostage The Arab League Council says restraint must be shown
CNN  -- Activists are organizing the first national gay blood drive Friday in an effort to combat the Food and Drug Administration 's ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men . The FDA bans donations from men who have had sex with other men since 1977 , saying there is an increased risk of exposure to and transmission of infectious diseases -- including HIV -- in male-to-male sexual encounters . "  FDA uses multiple layers of safeguards in its approach to ensuring blood safety , " the government agency 's website says . The FDA screens all potential blood donors based on risk factors and signs of infections . Blood banks have been instructed to ask male donors if they have ever had sex with a man . If the potential donor responds "  yes , " he is instantly removed from the donor pool for life . The policy started in the 1980s when people did n't know how the deadly virus that causes AIDS spread . At the time , there was n't a good test to detect whether HIV was present in donated blood , and HIV was getting into the nation 's blood supply . Scientists also knew that a disproportionate number of gay men were affected by the virus . Ryan James Yezak , lead organizer of the blood drive , is making a documentary about discrimination based on sexual orientation . He said he wants to convey on a national level how much blood the gay community could potentially contribute to the blood supply if given a chance to donate . "  This ban is medically unwarranted , and this drive is the only way we can motion for change , " he said . "  The gay community should n't be written off as diseased . " Blood donations were down by 10 % across the country in June , according to the American Red Cross , which received about 50,000 fewer donations than expected . 2012 : Blood donations decline , U.S. ban on gay donors is examined The ban is not discriminatory or based on any judgment concerning a donor 's sexual orientation , according to the FDA . The policy statement is based on the documented increased risk of transmissible infections . The American Medical Association voted in June to oppose the FDA ban . "  The lifetime ban on blood donation for men who have sex with men is discriminatory and not based on sound science , " said AMA board member Dr. William Kobler . The AMA is advocating for a new policy to ensure blood donation bans or deferrals are based on an individual 's level of health risks instead of sexual orientation alone . Yezak is urging gay and bisexual men on Friday to visit designated blood donation centers , where a mobile HIV testing center will be located . He 's asking the men to get tested , and if their HIV results are negative , to try and donate blood . The HIV test results will be collected and sent to the FDA to provide evidence of rejected willing and healthy donors in hopes of lifting the ban . The blood drive will run from noon ET  9 a.m. PT  through 8 p.m. ET  5 p.m. PT  in 52 cities nationwide . Parts of UK to lift lifetime ban on gay men donating blood The FDA has said it is willing to change its policy if new approaches can guarantee that blood recipients are n't subject to an increased risk of transmittable diseases . Yezak will use the results from the drive in his feature documentary , "  Second Class Citizens . " Follow @CNNHealth on Twitter and Facebook .	The FDA does not accept blood donations from men who have sex with men Blood donations down 10 % across U.S. in June , American Red Cross says Blood drive organizer wants to show how much blood gay community can contribute AMA voted to oppose the donation ban the FDA implemented in the 1980s
London  CNN  -- Four men were arrested Tuesday in London on suspicion of planning an act of terrorism , one that the city 's police commissioner described as "  quite a serious case . " Armed police officers assisted in the arrests of the men -- two of whom are 20 years old , while the others are 21 -- according to London 's Metropolitan Police . It is rare for police in Britain to execute warrants accompanied by armed officers , unless the threat is deemed serious . A UK security source said Tuesday that authorities may have foiled a terror plot aimed at Britain in its early stages . Islamic terrorism was "  the clear reason " for the plot , according to the source . Scotland Yard has announced that the four are being held on suspicion related to the "  commission , preparation or instigation of act of terrorism . " Authorities have not detailed exactly where or when such terrorist attacks might have occurred or what or who they might have involved . The arrests come nearly two weeks after police arrested at least 10 other men in the United Kingdom on suspicion of terror offenses , including supporting a banned organization and encouraging terrorism . Metropolitan Police Commissioner Bernard Hogan-Howe , in an interview with BBC local radio , said a lot of recent arrests are "  linked back to Syria and Iraq . " That is where the Islamist extremist group ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , has waged a bloody and largely successful campaign to take over vast swaths of land -- while terrorizing and , in many cases , killing those civilians who do n't subscribe to its extreme brand of Islam in the process . Two British aid workers are believed to have been beheaded by ISIS , in addition to a pair of Americans . Britain is among the nations that have gone after the Islamist extremist group militarily in Iraq , while the United States and some of its allies are targeting the group inside Syria . "  These are arrests that , some way or other , have that link , " Hogan-Howe said of the Syrian and Iraq tie . 10 arrests in late September As of Tuesday night , authorities had n't released the names of the four men arrested . Nor is it known what their future will hold . "  They have all been taken to police stations in central London and remain in custody , " Metropolitan Police said . Even after the arrests , officers searched other homes and vehicles in west and central London as part of the investigation , authorities said . Police did n't say whether Tuesday 's moves were connected to the September 25 and September 26 arrests of 10 other men . Those men , ages 22 to 51 , were detained in London and elsewhere in the country on suspicion of being members of a banned organization , supporting a banned organization and encouraging terrorism . An 11th man was arrested September 26 on suspicion of assisting an offender . Police did not give the identities of those arrested in September nor name the banned organization concerned . But the UK 's Press Association news agency cited sources as saying radical British cleric Anjem Choudary was among those arrested . Choudary , who was a co-founder of the banned UK Islamist group Al Muhajiroun , told CNN in August that the world had been split into two camps . There 's a "  camp which believes that sovereignty and supremacy belongs to God . They are the Islamic State , at the head of which is Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , " Choudary said . "  In the other camp you have those people who believe sovereignty and supremacy belongs to man . At the head of that camp is Barack Obama . " "  I believe this Islamic State will spread , rapidly , and I believe it will be in Europe and even America within decades , " Choudary said . The self-proclaimed Islamic State , commonly referred to as ISIS or ISIL , is a Sunni Muslim extremist group that has captured parts of Syria and Iraq for what it says is its new Islamic caliphate . The British military recently joined a U.S.-led bombing campaign against ISIS in Iraq . The United States and some Middle Eastern nations also are conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Syria . UK authorities believe at least 500 British citizens have gone to Iraq and Syria , many of them to fight with ISIS and other Islamist groups -- and that most will try to return , bringing their extremist views with them . The UK Home Office raised its terror threat level in August from "  substantial " to "  severe . " Days later , the government announced new measures to combat the threat from Islamist extremism , including the banning of Britons ' coming home once they have joined with jihadists abroad . CNN 's Victoria Eastwood reported from London and Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Laura Smith-Spark , Max Foster , Andrew Carey and Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report from London .	NEW : Police head : The action against the four arrested men is "  quite a serious case " NEW : A lot of recent arrests are "  linked back to Syria and Iraq , " where ISIS NEW : Police : Armed police officers helped in their arrests , which is rare in Britain The arrests of 4 men in London come nearly two weeks after 10 others were arrested
March 20 , 2015 Today 's coverage begins with a pair of presidential proposals , including an executive order and a suggestion to mandate voting . Then , science takes over in reports on celestial events , extraordinary auroras , and miniature satellites that are mapping our world . We 'll feature a random segment involving rats and Mozart , and we 'll show you a car that literally can fly . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . Rescue workers in what Pacific island nation described a scene of absolute devastation after a massive cyclone made landfall last weekend ? 2 . What was the name of the cyclone that made landfall in the answer to question 1 ? 3 . Name the legislative branch of Israel 's government , which is also known as the Israeli parliament . 4 . What Italian city , which features 409 bridges , is slowly sinking and tilting to the east ? 5 . What U.S. city just logged its most seasonal snowfall since the winter of 1872 ? 6 . What kind of weapons were outlawed in warfare in 1925 , though they have been used in some conflicts since then ? 7 . Name the ancient region of the Fertile Crescent that many historians consider the "  cradle of civilization " and that stretched over what is now the nation of Iraq . 8 . Habib Essid is the prime minister of what North African country , whose capital witnessed a terrorist attack at a museum on Wednesday ? 9 . What celestial phenomenon occurs when the moon passes between the Sun and Earth , casting its shadow over our planet ? 10 . A 1990s study found that rats more quickly and effectively find their way through mazes after repeatedly hearing music from what composer ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
A man convicted of killing his grandmother decades ago ambushed firefighters on Monday , fatally shooting two of them as they arrived to battle a blaze in upstate New York , police said . Two other volunteer firefighters were wounded in the attack in the Rochester-area town of Webster . A police officer from the nearby town of Greece suffered minor shrapnel wounds when his vehicle was hit by gunfire . Investigators believe the suspect , William Spengler , 62 , set the original fire , then likely set himself up on a berm with a clear view of the scene and started shooting . "  It appears that it was a trap , " Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said . "  There was a car and a house that were involved in flames , probably set by Mr. Spengler , who laid in wait in armament and then shot the first responders . " Authorities do not know how Spengler -- who was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound hours after the four firefighters were shot -- obtained the weapon or weapons he used or why he opened fire , Pickering told reporters . As a convicted felon , Spengler was not allowed to legally possess weapons , but he had "  several different types of weapons " Monday , the police chief said . Spengler was convicted in 1981 of first-degree manslaughter in the death of his grandmother and had been released on supervised parole , Pickering said . N.Y. man who shot dead 2 firefighters killed grandmother in 1980 He is believed to have lived in the home where the original fire erupted with his sister , who has not yet been accounted for , Pickering said . Their mother died sometime in the past year , the chief added . In chilling audio heard over the scanner , a West Webster Fire Department firefighter reported "  multiple firemen shot " -- including himself , with wounds to his lower back and lower leg -- and "  shots still being fired . " "  I 'm pretty sure that we have two DOAs " -- the term for dead on arrival -- "  on the street , " the wounded firefighter said . " ... They 're down and not good . " For several hours after that Monday , the threat of gunfire stopped firefighters from battling the blaze and forced police SWAT teams to evacuate 33 people in the neighborhood of small , waterfront homes . Eventually , seven houses were "  totally destroyed " by the fire . Although the fires were under control as of 2:30 p.m. ET , by then authorities still had n't been able to get in any of the homes . Pickering said it 's possible more victims could be inside . "  I 'm hoping that everyone was able to escape from the inferno , " he said . "  Those houses were close together . " With ` raging inferno ' and gunfire , scene described as ` chaos ' Firefighters first arrived at the Webster fire before 6 a.m. , said Rob Boutillier , the town 's fire marshal . By then , Spengler had set up himself somewhere above the scene in a "  natural hollow , a position of cover to actually be a sniper , " Pickering explained . The calls from firefighter came in soon after , reporting that four of them had been shot . Police officers rushed to the scene , and one of the first ones there exchanged fire , "  in all likelihood ,  saving  many lives , " according to the police chief . "  When we get there , we have people down , we have raging fires , and we have gunshots going off , " Pickering said . "  It 's chaos . It 's chaos . " Authorities worked quickly to set up a perimeter , trying to contain the situation and the shooter . Neighborhood residents were first told to "  shelter in place " because the gunman was at large , but some left their homes because of the fire . Several people could be seen running . Police tracked some of them down , found they were neighbors seeking safety and escorted them out . Eventually , residents were whisked from the area in armored personnel carriers . All the while , there was "  this raging inferno , with black smoke everywhere , " Pickering said . No more gunfire was exchanged after that initial burst , though police did see a man they believed to be Spengler moving at times . The police chief said he did n't know if the police officer hit Spengler early on , but he said the medical examiner indicated that Spengler died after shooting himself in the head . Two firefighters also died at the scene . One of them , Lt. Michael Chiapperini , was a veteran of the West Webster Fire Department and a police lieutenant . He 'd been named Firefighter of the Year just two weeks ago , and not long before that , he had volunteered to go to Long Island to help those suffering after Superstorm Sandy , according to Lt. Gov. Bob Duffy . The other slain firefighter was Tomasz Kaczowka , who was also a 911 dispatcher . He 'd been with the West Webster Fire Department for just more than a year , fire department spokesman Al Sienkiewicz said . One firefighter escaped from the scene in his own vehicle about an hour after he was shot and was taken to a hospital by an ambulance from another location , Boutillier said . Another wounded firefighter was conscious and speaking when he was removed from the scene , he said . The wounded firefighters were in intensive care Monday at Strong Memorial Hospital in Rochester , New York , officials said . The other person wounded was a Greece , New York , police officer who was on his way to work when his car was fired upon . He suffered shrapnel wounds that Pickering described as minor . "  We work with these people everyday ; they 're like our brothers , " said Pickering of the slain firefighters , as he fought back tears . "  It 's terrible . " New shooting spurs more talk on gun control Authorities have not said what weapons were found with Spengler , though Pickering said "  probably at least a rifle was used " to shoot the first responders . "  I know that many people are going to be asking , ` Were they assault rifles ? ' I do n't know that . I ca n't answer that at this time , " he told reporters . The shooting occurred amid a renewed gun control debate after the December 14 elementary school massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , that killed 26 people , most of them children . The gunman in that case , Adam Lanza , also killed his mother and himself . The head of a lobbying group that represents first responders said the Monday shooting was "  senseless and cruel . " "  The firefighters who responded today were performing a selfless , meaningful service to their community , unaware that a cold-hearted maniac was planning to ambush them and take their lives , " said Harold Schaitberger , general president of the Washington-based International Association of Fire Fighters . "  Coming on the heels of the horrific tragedy in Newtown , Connecticut , and on Christmas Eve , this shooting is even harder to comprehend . " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo described the Webster shooting as "  horrific . " And the state 's attorney general called it a "  senseless tragedy " President Barack Obama has set a January deadline for "  concrete proposals " to deal with gun violence in the wake of the Newtown school shooting . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , has said she will introduce legislation to reinstate the assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 , while National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre has said his group will fight any new gun restrictions , saying most gun laws now on the books are rarely enforced . Pickering , the Webster police chief , said it was important -- in the wake of the shooting in his town and others -- to "  get a handle on gun control . " He also said more needs to be done to make sure that dangerous people are n't in society , where they can kill . "  For the last 20 years we have been turning people loose and deinstitutionalizing people , and I think we 've swung too far , " he said . "  I think there are still people that need to be in institutions that are a danger to themselves or others . And this is a classic example . " Are you there ? Share your stories , pictures and videos , but stay safe .	As shots rang out , a wounded firefighter reported "  2 DOAs " on the street Investigators believe the gunman set a trap for the firefighters who responded William Spengler , who killed his grandmother decades ago , was found dead Seven houses were destroyed in what police described as an "  inferno "
Mexico City  CNN  -- Traversing Mexico 's highways as a bus driver has always been a dangerous job , says Enrique , whose route takes him from central Mexico to Tamaulipas , on the border with the United States . "  But never like now , that I can assure you , " said Enrique , who has been a driver for three years . His view coincided with other bus drivers who spoke with CNNMexico , who drive through drug cartel territory , and asked for anonymity because of fear of retribution for speaking on the record . Assaults , armed men , crossfire , bodies or human heads on the side of the road , form part of the daily stories that drivers have told each other in the past two years . It is a reality that came to light with the discovery last month of mass graves in the town of San Fernando , Tamaulipas , that possibly contained the bodies of kidnapped bus passengers . In addition to the development of kidnappings and assaults of passengers , bus drivers are extorted so that they may transit freely on the highways . "  In some places these people  drug cartels  ask for money in exchange for our security . ... They ask us for money to supposedly travel safely on the roads , " said another bus driver . How much money do they demand ? "  From 200 to 1,000 pesos  $ 17 - $ 87  . " What guarantees are there that with that they will leave you alone ? "  There is no guarantee , but there is nothing we can do when they arrive with a gun , intimidate you , and tell you they belong to this or that criminal group . " "  Suddenly , on the street , they watch us , they arrive in trucks , it 's easy to recognize us because of the uniform , " the driver continued . "  They approach and say , ' I come from this place and belong to this group . We are asking for your cooperation , or else there will be problems -- consequences . " Carlos , a bus driver with 10 years of experience , said that in his travels through Tamaulipas , he has been witness to armed confrontations between police and traffickers , and in more than one occasion has seen bodies strewn or mutilated on the highways . One time , he had to maneuver his bus to avoid running over two groups who were firing on each other right on the highway . "  I accelerated and dodged the bullets , " Carlos said . "  The passengers were scared . Some cried , others prayed . " "  I almost ran over all of them because they passed by running . They did n't care about the size of the bus , or about who was on the highway , they crossed it in plain morning . We accelerated to avoid that a bullet would hit the bus , " he added . In more than a decade of driving through the Tamaulipas cities of Reynosa , Matamoros , Ciudad Victoria and even San Fernando , Carlos said that he has never seen anything like what he has witnessed in the past months . "  Not even when we had to cross the mountains . Now , not even the highways are safe , " he said . Another driver , referring to the kidnapping and apparent killing of bus passengers in San Fernando , said , "  We had been witnesses to the violence in the country . Today we are protagonists . It touched us , they reached us . " Government analysts and the country 's National Human Rights Commission , posit that Tamaulipas , like other northern states , two phenomena have converged and resulted in the recent violence : drug trafficking and migration . The drivers interviewed agreed that the routes in the north part of the country have become desirable for criminals because a majority of the bus passengers are migrants destined for the United States . "  These are  people who are carrying money or who comes from  the United States  with dollars and gifts for their families , " the driver says . According to the human rights commission , last year more than 11,000 migrants were kidnapped in Mexico during their journeys to the United States . And , according to the National Security System , in 2010 there were 2,142 robberies on highways in all of Mexico . States like Michoacan and Tamaulipas went from having zero highway assaults last year to 11 and 28 , respectively , so far this year . "  There were always assaults on the highways , but they were sporadic and another type of crime . They were people dedicated to robbery , but not drug trafficking , " said another bus driver , who identified himself as Rafael . "  We ca n't explain what is happening . We suppose that it is the reaction of organized crime to the job the government is doing to eliminate them , but at the same time we see a lot of corruption among the police , " he said . " The cities of Matamoros , Reynosa and Laredo , in the northeast of the country , are the considered the most dangerous routes . Asked if they want to continue traveling north , a bus driver answers that , "  for necessity , for work , by orders , but it is unsafe . In a tone of jest they ask us if we are carrying our bulletproof vest and helmet . Once someone tells you that , you start thinking , ' I hope nothing goes wrong . ' "	Buses traveling through northeast Mexico face dangerous situations Bus drivers report assaults , crossfire and finding bodies Criminals extort them in exchange for safe passage
Washington  CNN  -- Hindsight is 20/20 , they say , but some people may need backwards-looking glasses in debating whether the State Department under Hillary Clinton erred two years ago by not designating Boko Haram a terrorist group . The question arose Thursday as part of the international focus on last month 's abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls by the jihadist group in northeast Nigeria that threatens to sell them into slavery . A Daily Beast article raised the issue . It quoted an anonymous U.S. official who criticized the Clinton State Department for rejecting calls in 2012 by some in Congress , the Department of Justice and others to add Boko Haram to the terror list as a threat to U.S. interests and homeland security . At the time , State Department officials argued such a move could cause more harm than good by enhancing the group 's standing and making U.S. and Western interests a target of Boko Haram attacks . After Clinton stepped down and was succeeded by John Kerry , the State Department designated the group as a terrorist organization in November 2013 . With global outrage and frustration over Boko Haram mounting , here are some questions and answers on what happened and why : How did this all begin ? In 2009 , the small and scattered Boko Haram -- an Islamic extremist group advocating Sharia law -- killed two police officers and a soldier in an attack on a police station in Borno state . The Nigerian military responded with a brutal and indiscriminate crackdown that killed 700 people , including Boko Haram leader Mohammed Yusuf in what a congressional committee report described as an extrajudicial execution . Such violence hardened already bitter divisions between the remote and mostly Muslim northern regions of Nigeria and the southern and more Christian southern areas . A year later , Boko Haram re-emerged with a more violent profile , according to the report by the House Homeland Security Committee . The group 's attacks escalated and spread beyond its northeast stronghold , including the August 2011 suicide bombing at the United Nations headquarters in Abuja , the capital , that killed 23 people . "  A number of factors have been attributed to fueling Boko Haram 's violence and fanaticism , including a feeling of alienation from the wealthier , Christian , oil-producing southern Nigeria ; pervasive poverty ; rampant government corruption ; heavy-handed security measures , and the belief that relations with the West are a corrupting influence , " said the House panel 's report compiled in November 2011 . "  These grievances have led to sympathy among the local Muslim population despite Boko Haram 's violent tactics . " What was the response ? The Nigerian government continued to respond with brutal military repression , while voices in Congress warned that Boko Haram was getting support from al Qaeda affiliates elsewhere in Africa that could make it a threat beyond Nigeria . In its report , the Homeland Security Committee called for Clinton to "  conduct an investigation into whether Boko Haram should be designated a Foreign Terrorist Organization " under federal law . Such a move "  may be required to provide our intelligence and law enforcement communities the tools necessary to ensure Boko Haram does not attack U.S. interests and the U.S. homeland , " the report said . A few months later , amid increasing violence by Boko Haram , the top Republicans on the panel wrote Clinton to urge its immediate terrorist designation . In a letter to the secretary , Reps. Peter King of New York and Patrick Meehan of Pennsylvania cited support by the Department of Justice and military intelligence for such a step . State Department officials opposed the move , as did 24 academics with expertise in African affairs . What were the arguments ? In their letter , King and Meehan said Boko Haram could be growing into an al Qaeda affiliate capable of attacking the United States . Other al Qaeda affiliates , such as al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and al Qaeda in the Islamic Magreb , had started as local or regional groups that became international threats , the legislators noted . Adding Boko Haram to the terror list would give U.S. intelligence , law enforcement and economic officials a wide range of tools against the group , according to King and Meehan . Opponents of the terrorist designation argued that Boko Haram posed no threat to the United States , while adding it to the terrorism list could make Washington and Western interests more of a target . A letter to Clinton by the 24 academics , including former U.S. Ambassador to Nigeria John Campbell of the Council on Foreign Relations , said a terrorist designation would raise Boko Haram 's international profile and possibly link the United States to abuses by Nigerian forces cracking down on the group . "  Secretary Clinton 's response was entirely consistent with the position of the government of Nigeria , " which hired a Washington lobbying firm to oppose the foreign terrorist organization designation for Boko Haran in 2012 , said Carl LeVan , an American University professor and among the academics who signed the letter . What did Clinton 's State Department do ? In June 2012 , the State Department added three Boko Haram members to a terrorist blacklist , including Abubakar Shekau , who took over the group 's leadership after Yusuf 's death . Meanwhile , the Obama administration offered various types of assistance to Nigeria , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters Thursday . "  Designations are just one tool we use to fight terrorism , " Psaki said . "  There are a range of steps including under Secretary Clinton that Secretary Kerry has continued , stepping up counter-terrorism cooperation with not just the Nigerian government but other governments in Northern Africa . " In a conference call with journalists Wednesday , former Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Johnnie Carson explained the thinking on whether to designate Boko Haram two years ago . "  There was a concern that putting Boko Haram on the foreign terrorist list would in fact raise its profile , give it a greater publicity , give it greater credibility , help in its recruitment and also probably drive more assistance in its direction , " Carson said . Such a designation provides greater access to a group 's finances and more ability to limit its movements , "  but none of their finances are here in the United States and none of them are coming here , " he noted . Whether coincidence or not , Boko Haram has again increased its attacks since the State Department under Kerry added it to the list of terrorist organizations last November . Despite a multimillion-dollar bounty on his head , Shekau has avoided capture and Boko Haram operates with virtual impunity in northeast Nigeria and some parts of the northwest , as well as its incursions as far south as Abuja , Campbell told the Wednesday conference call . A videotape made public recently showed a man believed to be Shekau threatening to sell the recently abducted schoolgirls into slavery . What 's the fallout ? The political right immediately embraced the Daily Beast story to enhance its attack line against Clinton , the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 if she decides to run . With Clinton polling well so far against possible GOP challengers , Republicans seek to exploit any political vulnerability they can find . They seek to use the Boko Haram case as well as the September 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi , Libya , that killed four Americans , including Ambassador Chris Stevens , to depict Clinton as complicit in what they argue is a weakened U.S. foreign policy under President Barack Obama . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said Thursday that it was "  sad " that Clinton "  refused calls to designate al Qaeda-linked Boko Haram as a terrorist organization . " The conservative America Rising political action committee alerted journalists to the Daily Beast story when it was published , then featured it atop its website . Such attacks mimicked GOP tactics during Obama 's 2012 re-election campaign , when Republican nominee Mitt Romney criticized the administration 's response to the Benghazi attack shortly after it occurred . On Boko Haram , the letter from King and Meehan to Clinton urging the group 's terrorist designation came amid the campaign primaries in March 2012 as Republicans sought to weaken the President 's perceived advantage over Romney on foreign policy -- mostly due to the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden on Obama 's order . Democrats focused their comments Thursday on calls for the government to help Nigeria rescue the kidnapped schoolgirls . Clinton supporters referred journalists to the 2012 letter from the 24 academics but otherwise avoided commenting on State Department steps then . To Carson , who served under Clinton at that time , the convoluted socio-economic dynamics of Nigeria require a more holistic and nuanced approach than the security focus of anti-terrorism efforts . "  This is a very complex situation , " he said . "  We all know what has happened with the girls , what happened with the number of terrorist attacks that occurred , but this is being played out against a backdrop of domestic politics and lots of social and economic immiseration in the north . " CNN 's Jamie Crawford , Dan Merica , Elise Labott and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Republicans criticize Hillary Clinton 's handling of Nigerian jihadist group Under Clinton , the State Department did n't add Boko Haram to the terror list It 's not a cut-and-dried issue , argues a former State Department official The GOP attacks seek to weaken Clinton for her possible 2016 presidential run
CNN  -- Iran hanged two men at the end of January -- the first political prisoners known to be executed in Iran since the demonstrations protesting the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , according to Amnesty International . It 's still not entirely clear what Arash Rahmanipour and Mohammad Reza Ali-Zamani 's crime was . Rahmanipour 's lawyer said he was already in jail on election day in June 2009 , so he could n't have been involved in the post-election uprising , she said . But whatever their earthly crimes were , the two men executed last month were also accused of another offense far more serious than simply protesting against a government . They were convicted of being "  mohareb , " enemies of God . That is the worst possible crime in Shiite Muslim law , according to Abbas Milani , the director of Iranian studies at Stanford University . The legal implications are clear , he said . "  A mohareb , according to Shiite law , is executed , " he said . That the regime is labeling its opponents enemies of God is a sign of how rattled it is by the protests , he said . "  They were completely caught off guard by the ferocity and extent of the opposition and they pulled out all the stops , " he said . Traditional accusations did not succeed in intimidating the protesters , he said . "  They accused them of working in cahoots with the United States and Israel . When it did n't work , they said you are mohareb , " he said . Legally , there 's nowhere for the government to escalate from here , he added . "  I ca n't imagine them upping the legal ante , " he said . "  What you can do is increase the number of people they are executing in an in-your-face manner to bring terror to the people . " In fact , at least one other person is on death row for being a mohareb , according to the Tehran Judiciary as quoted by the semi-official Iran Students News Agency . Labeling opponents of the government "  enemies of God " is a relatively new tactic , said Iranian journalist Amir Taheri , who argued that religious tolerance was more traditionally Iranian . "  It was not like that the beginning of the revolution . The revolution was an Islamic revolution but they did not try to give a religious aspect , " he told CNN 's Hala Gorani . "  Now unfortunately they are giving a very dangerous and arguably un-Iranian religious aspect to it by hating the Jews , hating the Baha'is , -LSB- using -RSB- anti-Christian propaganda , executing or even murdering some Sunni Muslim preachers , " said Taheri , who fled Iran after the revolution . The religious intolerance "  is really completely new and this is one of the ugliest aspects " of the current regime , he said . Milani said that even Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the founder of the Islamic regime , did not accuse his opponents of being enemies of God . "  In the early days of the revolution , Khomeini threatened to declare these people as mohareb , but I do n't remember them ever passing a law that says if you go out and demonstrate , you are a mohareb , " Milani said . Khomeini leveled a different charge at his opponents , calling them "  mofsed fel-Arz , " or he who brings corruption , Milani said . The charge was "  introduced by Khomeini , and they killed thousands of people , but at that time even Khomeini was averse " to describing his opponents as mohareb , he said . Using it now implicitly "  beatifies Khomeini , " Milani said . "  They are making him a god . " It also could be a sign of panic on the part of the authorities , he said . "  It takes a lot of ... political insecurity to say if you do n't do something I tell you to do , you are an enemy of God , " he said .	Those convicted of being "  mohareb , " enemies of God , are executed Two men convicted of the charge were hanged in January , another faces death Lesser charges failed to intimidate protesters , Iranian analyst says
CNN  -- Italian football is facing new scandal after police raided the headquarters of a host of leading clubs in a tax evasion and money laundering probe , according to Italian prosecutors Tuesday . Champions Juventus , AC Milan and Lazio were among approximately 40 clubs that had documents seized relating to transfers and contracts between teams , players and agents in an investigation reportedly dubbed "  Sick Soccer , " the public prosecutors ' office based in Naples said in a statement . The probe , involving over 200 police officers , is looking at more than 50 player transfers , in particular those arranged by two football agents -- Argentine Alejandro Mazzoni and Italian Alessandro Moggi , the statement said . Eight agents are under investigation , while another four could potentially be drawn into the probe . Neither the Italian Football Federation , nor Juventus , Milan and Lazio or Moggi or Mazzoni were immediately available for comment . "  At the moment the LNPA  Italian Football League  is not planning to release any official statement , " said the Lega Calcio , the regulator of Italy 's top two division Serie A and B . The Naples police authorities began the investigation last October , initially looking into Argentina international Ezequiel Lavezzi 's Napoli contract . The 28-year-old moved to Paris Saint-Germain in a multi-million dollar deal last summer , though Italian authorities have stressed that the players themselves are not under investigation . The warrant for the search and seizure of documents was issued by a court in Naples as seizures took place in the headquarters of dozens of Italian football clubs and some foreign clubs as well . The charges range from criminal association , international fiscal evasion , illicit brokering , the production and use of fake invoices and money laundering . "  From what we know about the investigation , it 's all about agents , " Riccardo Andriani , a lawyer from the Center for Law Economics and Ethic Studies in Sport , told CNN . "  They often act in an unclear way as middlemen -LSB- between the clubs and the players -RSB- rather than representing just one side . "  This can create a lack of transparency about where the money comes from and where it goes . But I believe that Italian football , as it has in the past , will survive also this scandal . " Italian soccer has been dogged by a number of scandals in recent years . Juventus were stripped of the titles won in 2005 and 2006 and relegated to Serie B because of their involvement , along with several other top clubs , in match fixing . The "  Calciopoli " affair saw former Juventus managing director Luciano Moggi -- the father of Alessandro -- banned for life by the Italian football authorities . Juventus , AC Milan , Fiorentina and Lazio were all implicated in a wide-ranging police investigation which discovered a network of phone calls between club officials and refereeing organizations . Ahead of Euro 2012 , Italy was the focus of an international match-fixing ring , while last season , Juventus coach Antonio Conte temporarily suspended for failing to report infractions . In 2012 , Napoli were docked two points after an investigation by the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  into match-fixing claims . Club captain Paolo Cannavaro and Gianluca Grava were both handed six-month bans for failing to flag up former Napoli goalkeeper Matteo Gianello 's intention to fix a match between the Naples club and Sampdoria in 2010 . Napoli had issued a statement at the time denying any wrongdoing by the club . In 1980 , Italy striker Paolo Rossi was out of the sport for two years following his involvement in a match-fixing scandal . He has always maintained his innocence . Turkish Despair In a separate development in Turkey , leading sides Fenerbahce and Besiktas have both been banned from European competition on match-fixing charges by UEFA . Both clubs have said they will appeal the decision -- with Besiktas unable to contest next season 's Europa League after being banned for a year while Fenerbahce have received a two-year suspension . "  Our club will be filing an appeal to UEFA 's Appeals Committee , " Fenerbahce , who reached last season 's Europa League semifinals , said on its website . ` Fener ' , who must now sit out the 2013/2014 Champions League , will serve an additional one-year ban if they commit a similar offense in the next five years . If the appeals are rejected , Bursaspor , who finished fourth last season , will replace Fenerbahce in the Champions League while fifth-placed Kayserispor will take part in the Europa League . Both Fenerbahce and Besiktas were caught up in a match-fixing scandal that surrounded the 2010-2011 season , when ` Fener ' were crowned champions . They were barred from competing in the 2011-2012 Champions League by the Turkish Football Federation as a result .	Italian football faces new scandal -- this time tax evasion probe AC Milan , Juventus and Lazio are among clubs being investigated Over 200 police officers looking at more than 50 player transfers Top Turkish sides barred from Europe on match-fixing charges
CNN  -- It was an ugly scuffle that cast a cloud over the sport of boxing as Dereck Chisora threatened to shoot fellow Brit David Haye , after they 'd brawled at a press conference . Now the pair have announced a rematch for July 14 in London -- this time in the more familiar surroundings of a boxing ring . The duo traded blows in Munich after Chisora had been beaten by WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko back in February . The incident provoked widespread condemnation and saw Chisora stripped of his boxing license by the British authorities . Chisora banned by World Boxing Council for Haye brawl But after the fight was sanctioned by the Luxembourg Boxing Federation , the British rivals continued their war of words at a more sedate press conference , where they were separated by a steel fence . "  He is the ideal opponent for me , " Haye , the former WBA heavyweight champion said . "  I am so glad he has got a good chin because if he did n't have a good chin he would be blasted out in first round . "  This means I will give him a nice , slow , concussive beating . I tried to knock him out in Munich and this is the opportunity to shut him up . " Chisora replied : "  I do n't like him . Talk is cheap now . That was a lucky shot he hit me with in Munich . Your talk is cheap . You always talk but you do n't deliver in the ring . " The fight 's promoter , Frank Warren , denied he was undermining British boxing by having the bout licensed by another federation , or that he was cashing in on the ugly incident in Munich . "  This is not the end of British boxing , " Warren said . "  I believe it will be a sell out , a huge event . There are far far worse things happening in sport than what 's happening here . "  No charges have been made against Haye or Dereck for what happened in Munich . The fight has been licensed by the governing body in Luxembourg , which has the same standards as the British Boxing Board of Control . Chisora threatens to shoot Haye in brawl following Klitschko defeat "  It is the biggest fight of the year and the fact of the matter is that the fight is legal , lawful and will go ahead . " Even before his altercation with Haye in Munich , Chisora had caused controversy in the build up to his fight with Vitali . He slapped his opponent at the weigh in and spat water in the face of Vitali 's brother Wladimir Klitschko , the current WBA , IBF , WBO and IBO heavyweight champion , before his unanimous points defeat . Haye heckled Chisora at the post-fight press conference , before punching him in the face as they squared up . After the scuffle had broken up Chisora accused Haye of hitting him with a bottle and said : "  I am going to shoot David Haye . " Haye retired after he lost his WBA crown to Wladimir Klitschko last year but had been lobbying for a fight with Vitali . Meanwhile , Amir Khan 's bid to regain his WBA light welterweight title from Lamont Peterson is in doubt after the American tested positive for a banned substance . The pair are scheduled to meet in Las Vegas on 19 May in a rematch after Peterson won a controversial points victory at their original fight in December . Peterson 's camp said in a statement they were mystified by the test results , which showed synthetic testosterone , and that they remained hopeful the fight could go ahead . "  Lamont has never had a positive test either before or after this isolated occurrence , and we plan to submit medical findings by close of business Tuesday reflecting the actual facts in support of Lamont 's good faith intentions and the requirements of the commission . " Peterson 's split decision victory in Washington last year was controversial , Khan claiming he should have won the fight after being docked points by the referee .	British heavyweight boxers David Haye and Dereck Chisora to fight on July 14 in London The pair brawled at a press conference after Chisora 's loss to Vitali Klitschko in February Incident provoked widespread condemnation with Chisora stripped of boxing lilcense Amir Khan 's fight with Lamont Petersen in doubt after American fails drug test
CNN  -- The wearing o ' the green has Australian eyes smiling . Adam Scott won the 77th Masters golf tournament in Augusta , Georgia -- and the green jacket that goes to the champion -- on Sunday , beating Argentine Angel Cabrera on the second hole of a thrilling , sudden-death playoff to become the first Australian ever to win the Masters . "  Australia 's a proud sporting nation , and this was one notch in the belt that we 'd never got , and amazing that it 's come down to me today , " Scott , 32 , told CBS ' Jim Nantz on the post-tourney telecast . For years , Scott , who has been ranked in the top 20 of the official world golf rankings for the better part of a decade , was considered one of the best golfers to have never won one of golf 's four major championships : the Masters , the U.S. Open , the British Open , and the PGA championship . Australians had come in second in the Masters seven times before , most recently when Scott and Jason Day , who finished third this year , tied as runner-ups in 2011 . The most famous Australian golfer of all time , Greg Norman , finished second at Augusta National Golf Club three times , in 1986 , 1987 , and 1996 . Scott praised Norman after Sunday 's victory . "  There was one guy who inspired a nation of golfers , and that 's Greg Norman , " Scott said . "  You know , he 's been incredible to me , and all the young golfers in Australia , and part of this definitely belongs to him . " In 1996 , Norman turned a six-stroke Masters lead into a five-stroke loss with a final round 78 . SI.com called the collapse one of the most painful moments in sports history . Scott survived his own painful ordeal in last year 's British Open , when he bogeyed the last four holes at Royal Lytham and St. Annes Golf Club to lose by a stroke to Ernie Els . On Sunday , Scott put his past shortcomings behind him . "  It seems a long way away from a couple of years ago here , and even last July , when I was trying to win another major . I found my way today . There was some luck there somewhere . I do n't know how to digest it all at the moment , but it was incredible , " he said . "  I 'm just so proud of myself and everyone around me who 's helped me . The list is so long . " One name on that list is easy to determine . For the past two years , Scott 's team has included caddie Steve Williams , who carried the bag for 13 of Tiger Woods ' 14 major tournament victories . This weekend , Williams helped guide his new boss to the Masters title , while his old boss , Woods , finished tied for fourth , four strokes off Scott 's pace . Scott also had special support behind the scenes at Augusta National : his father . "  A hug with him behind the 10th green there when it was all over is something I 'll never forget , " Scott said , while also acknowledging his mother and sister back home . "  Just incredible to have him here . "	Adam Scott is the first Australian ever to win the Masters golf tournament Australians had placed second in the major golf championship seven times Scott has been in the top 20 of the world golf rankings for most of the last decade He almost won the 2012 British Open but collapsed on the final four holes
CNN  -- A small town in Maryland is setting a precedent in eco-friendly road construction , breaking ground this week on one of the greenest streets in the nation . The tiny port town of Edmonston in Prince George 's County is billing the thoroughfare as the greenest on the East Coast . The road will help clean and filter toxic storm water pollution that drains into rivers , and eventually into Chesapeake Bay . "  What we 're hoping to do , from top to bottom , is build a street that is completely environmentally sustainable , " said Edmonston Mayor Adam Ortiz . Ortiz says the blueprint incorporates native tree cover to cool off the streets , wind-powered street lights that use high-efficiency LED bulbs , and pedestrian and bicycle access But most important , says Ortiz , is the plan for all that water that rolls down the streets when it rains . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- not going to be flushed into our local rivers . Instead it 's going to be naturally filtered . And that 's very important for us to save our rivers and to help save the Chesapeake Bay here in Maryland . " Storm water runoff often carries toxins and pollution from parking lots and city streets , and from farms and agricultural lands in rural areas . Most cities and towns have underground concrete drain systems that collect the runoff and dump it into rivers and streams , pollutants and all . "  What we 're going to do , instead , is divert that water into natural gardens . To the naked eye it just looks like a regular garden , but actually it 's very specially engineered to absorb a lot of water and naturally filter it before it gets into the water table , and to keep it from washing all those pollutants into the river , " according to Ortiz . The storm water runoff in Edmonston drains into the nearby Anacostia River , which feeds into the Washington Channel , then empties into the Potomac River and eventually Chesapeake Bay . The eco-street project includes using porous bricks in building the road and creating bioretention cells or rain gardens . The idea is to trap the polluted runoff water , sending it through natural filter systems so that when it makes it into the Anacostia , it 's a lot cleaner . Maryland Department of the Environment Deputy Secretary Robert Summers hopes this new main street in Edmonston is just the first of many . "  This kind of green infrastructure project to reduce storm water and energy consumption is exactly the kind of thing we need to do around the bay watershed to reduce pollution . " Summers says the benefits of this project are twofold : a reduction in storm water pollution and , through the energy efficiency in powering lighting , a reduction in air pollution and fallout . But how much can converting one street really help in cleaning up an area the size of the Chesapeake Bay ? Summers acknowledges this is just the beginning . "  We need to grow it by leaps and bounds . " The Edmonston green street project is funded by the Environmental Protection Agency through a $ 1.1 million Recovery Act grant . Summers says the state of Maryland has already allocated $ 20 million for other green projects and that this is the first of many projects . The District of Columbia , Virginia , and Pennsylvania are also reviewing this green technology to eventually help do their part to clean up Chesapeake Bay . And in the Northwest , Seattle , Washington , and Portland , Oregon , have already taken steps to clean and control polluted storm water runoff . "  Our goal is that other towns and cities and communities will steal our ideas , " Edmonston Mayor Ortiz said . "  We 'll know we 're successful when we see these technologies used in other places . "	New road will help clean storm water pollution that drains into rivers , Chesapeake Bay Road will divert runoff into natural gardens designed to filter water Plan also uses native tree cover to cool streets , wind-powered street lights Project aims to reduce storm water pollution , air pollution , fallout to the bay , official says
CNN  -- Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe plans to pardon his son for a felony drug charge from more than a decade ago . "  It will probably be in the next few weeks , " said Matt DeCample , a spokesman for the Democratic governor . "  For any pardons the governor does , the person has to have finished all terms of their sentence ... and then had a period of time where they 've shown they have straightened their lives out . " Kyle Beebe , who is now 34 , was convicted in 2003 of possession of a controlled substance -- marijuana . He was fined and sentenced to three years supervised probation , according to CNN affiliate KATV . The Arkansas Parole Board recommended the pardon last month . It came after Kyle Beebe wrote a lengthy letter in his pardon application . "  Mr. Governor , I am asking for a second chance at life . I am asking for a second chance to be the man that I know that I can be , " Kyle Beebe said . "  At the time of my arrest I was living in a fantasy world , not reality . I was young and dumb . At that time in my life I felt like I was missing something and I tried to fill that emptiness by selling drugs . " The governor said his son has grown up a lot since those days . "  I would have done it a long time ago if he 'd have asked , but he took his sweet time about asking , " Mike Beebe said . "  He was embarrassed . He 's still embarrassed , and frankly , I was embarrassed and his mother was embarrassed . "  All of the families that go through that , it 's tough on the families , but hopefully the kids learn , " the governor said . Mike Beebe told KATV that he 's done more than 700 pardons , mostly for nonviolent offenders . CNN 's Teri Genova contributed to this report	Kyle Beebe was convicted of possession of a controlled substance in 2003 He was fined and sentenced to three years supervised probation Gov. Mike Beebe said his son has grown up a lot in the past decade The governor has pardoned more than 700 offenders
Washington  CNN  -- Portions of a taxpayer-funded $ 2.1 billion Pentagon contract to truck supplies to U.S. troops in Afghanistan are being indirectly paid to Afghan insurgents and corrupt public officials as protection money , a congressional investigation revealed . The U.S military outsources much of the security for truck convoys carrying food , water , equipment , fuel and ammunition to remote and dangerous areas in Afghanistan , and those contractors hire local Afghans who pay bribes for safe passage , according to investigators . "  United States tax dollars are feeding a protection racket in Afghanistan that would make Tony Soprano proud , " Rep. John Tierney , D-Massachusetts , said Tuesday , referring to an organized crime boss in the popular TV show "  The Sopranos . " Tierney make the remark at a hearing on the issue the National Security Subcommittee of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . "  This contract appears to have fueled warlordism , extortion , corruption , and maybe even funded the enemy , " said Tierney , who is chairman of the subcommittee . The hearing comes shortly after the release of a 79-page congressional report that details findings ranging "  from sobering to shocking , " Tierney said in the report 's introduction . CNN reported on Monday that the military is also investigating the issue . The results of the six-month investigation indicate that outsourcing the Afghanistan supply chain to contractors has resulted in "  significant unintended consequences , fueling warlordism , extortion , and corruption , and it may be a significant source of funding for insurgents , " the report 's executive summary said . "  In other words , the logistics contract has an outsized strategic impact on U.S. objectives in Afghanistan , " the report said . Investigators found that Department of Defense "  has been largely blind to the potential strategic consequences of its supply-chain contingency contracting , " and that the U.S. military has little understanding of how the security is provided . When contractors reported to the Defense Department that they were being extorted by warlords for protection payments for safe passage and that these payments were "  funding the insurgency , they were largely met with indifference and inaction , " the report said . The Army Criminal Investigation Division  CID  spokesman , Christopher Grey , said the CID does have an investigation on "  host-nation trucking " underway but he would not discuss details . The "  Afghan Host Nation Trucking " contract in question stipulates that the prime contractors are responsible for the safe passage of the cargo that they carry . Most contractors subcontract , hiring local Afghans for armed protection of the convoys transporting supplies . The manager of the largest private security provider , Watan Risk Management , said he complained to U.S. military officials that his company had to pay bribes ranging from $ 1,000 to $ 10,000 monthly to Afghan governors , police chiefs , and local military officials whose territory the convoys traversed . Defense Department officials confirmed they were aware of the bribes , according to the report . The private security companies that protect the convoys regularly encounter armed conflict with alleged insurgents and other criminal elements , the report says , and hundreds of security providers are killed annually . One key convoy security commander in Afghanistan told investigators he spent $ 1.5 million on ammunition per month to protect his convoy trucks . Investigators found no direct evidence of payoffs to the Taliban , but many military officials overseeing the contract believed that the Taliban did receive protection payments , based on information provided to them by contractor representatives , the report said . Since mid-2009 , contractors have completed over 40,000 missions , subcommittee statistics show . Congressional members at Tuesday 's hearing pressed witnesses for answers as to how the practice is allowed to continue . Gary Motsek , assistant deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Program Support , and who is involved with Defense Department acquisition and logistics , acknowledged the members ' frustrations that changes in the current conditions are n't happening quickly enough . But he said improvements wo n't happen overnight . "  I assure you we 're taking it all seriously , " Motsek said . "  But if I was a cop on the other side , I would say , ` Damn it , I 'm doing what I can with what I got . " Moshe Schwartz , a specialist in defense acquisition , said that for those who believe the U.S. military should n't be using outside contractors , "  the solutions include increasing the size of the military , rethinking current force structure , or choosing not to engage in certain contingency operations . " Addressing those who believe that the problem is due to insufficient planning and poor management on the part of the military , Schwartz said , "  the solution may be to develop an effective strategy for using PSCs  private security companies  , improving operational planning , and enhancing oversight . " Schwartz acknowledged that the Defense Department has taken steps to improve its management and coordination of private contractors , and but warned more needs to be done .	A $ 2.1 billion Pentagon contract goes for trucking supplies to U.S. troops in Afghanistan Congressional investigation reveals contractors are paying insurgents protection money Congressman : tax dollars "  feeding a protection racket ... that would make Tony Soprano proud " Military also investigating the issue
Melissa Harris-Lacewell is associate professor of politics and African-American studies at Princeton University . She is the author of the award-winning book "  Barbershops , Bibles , and BET : Everyday Talk and Black Political Thought " and writes a daily blog titled The Kitchen Table . Melissa Harris-Lacewell says African-Americans remain skeptical about racial progress in the U.S. PRINCETON , New Jersey  CNN  -- America was proud of itself for electing Barack Obama . The pride was not just partisan and ideological ; it was also specifically and clearly racial . The morning after Obama 's win , The New York Times declared "  Racial Barrier Falls in Decisive Victory . " The Los Angeles Times asserted that "  for the first time in human history , a largely white nation has elected a black man to be its paramount leader . " Some black commentators openly wept on election night , thrilled with witnessing the election of our first black president . Even Sen. John McCain , conceding defeat , pointed to the greatness of the American promise fulfilled in the election of his opponent . Obama 's victory offered the possibility that the scars of America 's racial legacy were healed or , at least , that they were less raw . For many African-American citizens , the election of the first black U.S. president was cause for celebration and open-mouthed wonder about an outcome that seemed so unlikely just two years earlier , when Obama announced his bid . Despite this joy , many black citizens were dubious that his victory represented the destruction of any particular racial barrier . African-Americans were both proud of and excited about Obama , but in the 45 years since the passage of the Civil Rights Act , black Americans had seen doors to power , influence and wealth open just enough to admit just a few without fundamentally altering opportunities for the majority . Indeed , responses to a recent CNN/Essence Magazine/Opinion Research Corp. survey indicate that black enthusiasm about Obama exists side-by-by side with deep skepticism about America 's racial progress . This atmosphere of both enthusiasm and doubt has sparked discussion about whether we have entered a post-racial era in American politics . It is a difficult debate , because the term "  post-racial " is not clearly defined . Race itself is a slippery idea . Typically , we treat race like a fixed , unchanging , biological category . But race is none of these things . Race is a social construct . Though it is based in physical traits , race is a category developed through social practice , law and history . As a nation , we made blackness through our politics , developing a category of people who could be enslaved and later segregated . So when we talk of a post-racial America , we are not pointing to the massive demographic shifts that are unalterably changing the racial , ethnic and linguistic landscape of America . Instead , "  post-racial " is an expression of social and political longing . For most , this means an America free of racism and discrimination , but others seem to hint at a society entirely free of racial identity or recognition . The idea of a post-racial America has been upheld as an achievable ideal where people would receive equal treatment and fair outcomes regardless of their race . It has been critiqued as an impossible dream unlikely to exist in a nation with a history of slavery and legal discrimination . It has been denounced as an unworthy goal that would require black Americans to reject their cultural specificity and unique social and political concerns . Undoubtedly , the 2008 election broke formerly entrenched racial trends . Obama was elected just as the depth and breadth of the American economic crisis was becoming clear . Some suggested that his victory could be explained by the nation 's fiscal difficulties because he was the candidate of the out-party , which often wins when times are hard . But this analysis forgets the cross-cutting history of race . When the economic pie shrinks , Americans rarely form multiracial political coalitions led by minority candidates . Obama 's victory countered the trend toward racial balkanization more typical in tough economic times . The changing dynamics of racial politics were further evidenced when Obama won both Virginia and North Carolina . In these Southern states and in many blue states throughout the country , Obama shattered the "  Bradley Effect , " often getting a higher percentage of the white vote than polls predicted . There was little evidence that white voters rejected Obama based on his race , and few white Democrats crossed party lines to vote for McCain . For these reasons , Obama 's win offers evidence of a post-racial American electoral politics . And if not post-racial , these data at least point to a much less racist American voting public than what existed 40 years ago . Still , the election of a black president has not changed the material realities of racial inequality . African-Americans are significantly more distressed than their white counterparts on every meaningful economic indicator : income , unemployment , wealth , education , home ownership and home foreclosures . African-American social realities are equally grim . Blacks are far more likely to be arrested and more harshly sentenced than whites . African-Americans are less likely to marry , more likely to divorce and more likely to live in single - parent households . Compared with whites , blacks are more likely to suffer infant mortality , cancer , diabetes and premature death . Substantial evidence shows that the economic , social and even political gains made by African-Americans in the 1960s and 1970s have leveled off or reversed in the past decade in areas such as urban education , the number of black elected officials and the racial wealth gap . The murder of a security guard at the national Holocaust museum by a racist anti-Semite reminded the nation that old-fashioned , violent bigotry still has life in America . These sobering realities indicate that race still vastly over-determines the life chances of Americans . These differences can not be explained away by class alone , because most of these inequalities persist even when controlling for income . To be born black in America is still a tremendous disadvantage compared with being born white in this country . Herein lies the challenge facing Americans in this new racial era . For much of the 20th century , the battle for civil rights rested on a belief that political equality would translate into social and economic justice . There can be little doubt that many of the substantive battles for political power and representation have been won . In that sense , Obama 's election is the fulfillment of a post-racial political promise . It is equally clear that this political arrival has not ushered in the other substantive racial changes that the civil rights movement hoped to achieve . In many ways , political equality is just the beginning of the process . The work of politics is to collectively craft the nation we want to have . The election of Obama does not indicate the realization of post-racial America , but it does allow us the opportunity to engage in renewed , collective questioning of what a racially just nation is like . Having achieved so much politically , there is still real debate about how to end overt racism , structural discrimination and persistent inequality . Some want a country where the black kids do n't sit together in the cafeteria , while others hope black kids being together will provoke neither comment nor anxiety . Some want a nation where no one notices race , while others hope that their racial identity can be both recognized and appreciated . Some worry that eliminating racial barriers will only solidify economic differences , while others suspect that economic justice can not be achieved without grappling with race . Some want the end of all inequality , while others simply hope disparities will be based on "  merit " rather than race . As citizens in a democracy , we can choose the future of our racial politics . Not all at once and not without struggle , but we can make new choices And this time , African-Americans participate in the process of remaking America 's racial story from a very different position than we have occupied in the past . Rather than being solely on the margins of national power , black Americans , through the person of Obama , have achieved a new kind of citizenship more empowered to recreate American race . This does not mean black people have equal political or economic power , but it does mean that the election of Obama encourages black Americans to even more loudly and clearly articulate our varied aspirations for our country . In November , we did a marvelous thing . Now , the work begins . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Harris-Lacewell .	Melissa Harris-Lacewell : Barack Obama 's election celebrated as racial triumph She says it represented real progress in the arena of politics Harris-Lacewell : In many other areas , issues of race remain significant
Key Largo , Florida  CNN  -- It was more than 40 years ago , but Ken Nedimyer still remembers the first time he went diving in the Florida Keys . "  It was just the most magical place I 'd ever been to , " said Nedimyer , 56 . "  The coral reefs were so pretty . So many fish and so many neat things to see . " Nedimyer became a commercial fisherman and tropical fish collector , working in the ocean nearly every day of the year . But by the mid-1980s , he noticed a troubling trend . Two of the region 's most important corals , staghorn and elkhorn , were in drastic decline . The corals -- tiny , stationary marine animals that make up the reefs -- were dying because of many reasons , including climate change , pollution and overfishing , experts said . Today , they 're on the endangered species list . "  The coral reefs of the Florida Keys are the most threatened and the heaviest-used coral reefs in the world , " said Billy Causey , southeast regional director of the National Marine Sanctuaries , an entity of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Reefs are often referred to as the rainforests of the sea . They attract more marine life than anywhere else in the ocean because of the natural shelter they provide . But they 're declining worldwide , not just in Florida , and some scientists fear that they could all be gone by 2050 . "  Coral reefs provide protection for our coastal areas , habitat for fish and recreational opportunities for millions and millions of people , " Nedimyer said . "  It 's very important to protect that whole ecosystem . " Reefs also have great economic value . Many people around the world depend on fisheries and the ocean for their livelihood . In the Florida Keys alone , more than 50 percent of the local economy is connected to a healthy marine environment . "  If coral reefs died completely , entire economies would be disrupted , " Nedimyer said . As Nedimyer saw reefs die over the years , he became very concerned . "  It became a consuming passion  for me  to try to find ways to protect and restore coral reefs , " he said . That passion led to Nedimyer starting the Coral Restoration Foundation , which has grown more than 25,000 staghorn and elkhorn corals in underwater nurseries . He and his staff of volunteers work three days a week maintaining the nurseries just off Key Largo . The nurseries cover more than an acre of the ocean floor . "  Ken 's coral nursery is the largest in the wider Caribbean , " Causey said . "  It 's probably 10 times larger than any others that I know of . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes Nedimyer 's methods for growing corals have evolved over the years , but they 're all simple , easily duplicated and can be taught to anyone who can dive , he said . After the corals spend about a year growing in the nursery , they are transplanted to a reef in the wild . The goal is to get them to reproduce on their own and repopulate an area where they no longer exist . "  We 've been able to recreate one of the biggest thickets in the Florida Keys of staghorn coral , and that 's something we can duplicate throughout the Keys and throughout the Caribbean , " Nedimyer said . Through education and awareness , Nedimyer has built a community committed to bringing coral reefs back to the Keys . His organization often collaborates with other groups , including the NOAA and the Nature Conservancy , a nonprofit conservation group . Nedimyer also spends a lot of time showing high school students his methods and working with them at his nurseries . "  This is n't just about me , " Nedimyer emphasized . "  It 's about engaging a lot of people and training people , and I think it has a lot of hope . " The impact is already noticeable in areas where corals have been transplanted . Fish and other marine life are starting to come back , and Nedimyer is hopeful that in time , the Keys ' ecosystem will recover . "  Most people think coral takes forever to grow , but some of these corals grow really fast , " he said . "  They grow fast enough that we could make a big difference in a lifetime or less . " Nedimyer 's most ambitious project is just ahead . Within the next five years , the Coral Restoration Foundation plans to grow and transplant 50,000 corals in the Keys , which he says is the largest effort of its kind in Florida and the Caribbean . "  Before , I felt helpless watching corals die , " Nedimyer said . "  Now I think there 's a way for everybody to get involved . There 's hope . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Coral Restoration Foundation website at www.coralrestoration.org and see how to help .	Ken Nedimyer is helping to restore dying coral reefs in the Florida Keys He and his group are growing coral in nurseries before transplanting them to the wild Nedimyer : Coral reefs are critical to marine life , many economies Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
Washington  CNN  -- The FBI announced that it has concluded its investigation into the 2001 anthrax mailings , saying Friday that a biodefense researcher carried out the attacks alone . The anthrax letters killed five people and sickened 17 shortly after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . The letters , filled with bacterial spores , were sent to Senate Democratic leaders and news organizations . "  By 2007 , investigators conclusively determined that a single spore-batch created and maintained by Dr. Bruce E. Ivins at the United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases  USAMRIID  was the parent material for the letter spores , " said a report released Friday by the FBI . "  Evidence developed from that investigation established that Dr. Ivins , alone , mailed the anthrax letters . " There was no immediate response from Ivins ' lawyer . Ivins , 62 , committed suicide in July 2008 as federal agents were closing in on him , police said . In September and October 2001 , at least five envelopes were mailed to Sen. Patrick Leahy and then-Sen . Tom Daschle , as well as to news organizations in New York and in Boca Raton , Florida . Each envelope contained a photocopy of a handwritten note . The five who died included two Washington postal workers , a New York hospital worker , a supermarket tabloid photo editor in Florida and a 94-year-old woman in Connecticut . The investigation into the anthrax mailings , code-named "  Amerithrax , " was one of the largest and most complex in the history of law enforcement , according to the FBI . He had spent more than 30 years as a civilian microbiologist at the Army 's biological research laboratory at Fort Detrick , Maryland , where he was trying to develop a better vaccine against anthrax . At the time of his death , Ivins was under a temporary restraining order sought by a social worker who had counseled him in private and group sessions . He also had been hospitalized in the weeks leading up to his death for psychiatric examination after he threatened to kill co-workers , investigators "  and other individuals who had wronged him , " according to documents released in the case . Federal prosecutors named Ivins the culprit in the anthrax attacks after his death . Court records released by authorities showed that Ivins was "  the custodian of a large flask of highly purified anthrax spores that possess certain genetic mutations identical to the anthrax used in the attacks . " The government had taken steps in the weeks leading up to Ivins ' death to restrict his access to his lab . But critics point out that then-Attorney General John Ashcroft publicly declared another Fort Detrick scientist , Steven Hatfill , a "  person of interest " in the anthrax attacks . Hatfill was never charged but sued over the matter , settling with the government for $ 5.8 million . His case has fueled skepticism about the allegations against Ivins . In November 2008 the U.S. Supreme Court threw out Hatfill 's libel lawsuit against The New York Times over reports linking him to the anthrax probe . A federal appeals court had concluded Hatfill was a "  public figure " and failed to prove the reports were "  malicious . " In the report released on Friday , the FBI said Hatfill had been eliminated as a suspect . The report outlines the government 's evidence against Ivins , saying that the researcher was alone late at night in the lab where the anthrax strain RMR-1029 was stored in the days leading up to the mailings . The lab also contained the equipment capable of drying the anthrax , a function that was forbidden , the report said . "  Dr. Ivins was never in the habit of working excessive late night hours in the lab , either prior to or after the mailings , " it said . Ivins was under "  intense personal and professional pressure " in the months leading up to the anthrax attacks , the report said , citing the researchers ' e-mails and statements to friends . "  The anthrax vaccine program to which he had devoted his entire career of more than 20 years was failing . The anthrax vaccines were receiving criticism in several scientific circles , because of both potency problems and allegations that the anthrax vaccine contributed to Gulf War Syndrome , " it said . "  Short of some major breakthrough or intervention , he feared that the vaccine research program was going to be discontinued . Following the anthrax attacks , however , his program was suddenly rejuvenated . " The report also said that Ivins ' e-mails and statements show a "  man driven by obsessions . " "  In the month before his suicide , " it said , "  his homicidal tendencies became more pronounced , as he posted violent messages on the Internet regarding a reality TV star and made death threats during a group therapy session . " It also says that Ivins made several statements and actions that showed "  evidence of a guilty conscience . " They included sending an e-mail to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that suggested "  nonsensical explanations for why the first victim might have contracted inhalation anthrax , " and repeatedly made efforts to shift the blame for the mailings to friends and colleagues . "  At one point , he sent an e-mail to himself documenting 12 reasons why two of his former colleagues , who were also his two best friends , likely committed the anthrax attacks , " the report said .	Biodefense researcher Bruce Ivins acted alone , FBI says Letters filled with anthrax sent to Senate , media after September 11 attacks Letters killed five , sickened 17
CNN  -- More than 130 unmarked graves at a former convent discovered in Dublin in 1993 first brought to public consciousness the plight of thousands of women forced to work at Catholic-run workhouses in Ireland -- an ugly legacy that 's the focus of a new report from the Irish government . The report , released Tuesday , acknowledges that Ireland 's government sent thousands of women and girls to "  harsh and physically demanding " workhouses known as Magdalen Laundries , where they worked and lived without pay , sometimes for years . The laundries operated from 1922 to 1996 . "  The psychological impact on these girls was undoubtedly traumatic and lasting , " the Irish government-backed investigatory committee found . The report also said , "  Many of the women who met with the committee -- and particularly those who entered the Magdalen Laundries as young girls -- experienced the Laundries as lonely and frightening places . " "  For too long , they have been and have felt forgotten . Indeed for many of them , an inability to share their story in the years after their time in a Magdalen Laundry has only added to the confusion and pain they feel about that period in their lives . " The committee highlighted the stigma attached to their plight , saying that "  the chronicle of the Magdalen Laundries was for many years characterised primarily by secrecy , silence and shame . " As a result , the women admitted there "  have for too long felt the social stigma of what was sometimes cruelly called the ` fallen woman . ' This is a wholly inaccurate characterisation , hurtful to them and their families , that is not borne out by the facts . " But contrary to survivors ' testimony published by advocacy groups , the report did not find physical abuse or torture to be a feature of the laundries . It also found no evidence that women were sexually abused , but acknowledged that it had spoken to only a fraction of those concerned . The report 's authors said the four orders of nuns who ran the laundries said they had kept many details quiet out of a desire to protect the women 's privacy , and that they had sought to provide for the marginalized and disadvantaged , rather than profiting from the laundries . About 10,000 women worked in the so-called Magdalen , or Magdalene , Laundries over seven decades -- and more than a quarter of them were referred there by the state , for various reasons including by the courts as a condition of probation , according to the report . Others were unmarried mothers , victims of sexual abuse , orphans considered a burden to relatives or the state , or had mental or physical disabilities . Some were simply admitted by the families for reasons not known . Responding to its findings , Ireland 's taoiseach , or prime minister , Enda Kenny said he was sorry for the stigma the women had suffered and the conditions they endured in the convent-run laundries . But he did not give the formal apology many of the women have called for . Survivors ' groups say the women were physically and psychologically abused , denied an education and detained against their will -- and insist they are owed a formal government apology and compensation . With many now advanced in age , they also want the state to provide pensions for the years they worked without pay . For years , their situation was shrouded in mystery , with details coming to light only in the past two decades . The government-backed investigatory committee , chaired by Sen. Martin McAleese , was established in response to a call by the U.N. Committee Against Torture . Its findings will be debated by the Irish parliament later this month . It found "  evidence of direct State involvement " in numerous aspects of the 10 laundries ' operation . The report 's authors spoke to about 100 women who had worked in the laundries between the foundation of the Irish state in 1922 and the closure of the last of the workhouses in 1996 . About 60 % of the women spent less than a year there , the committee found . Advocacy group Magdalene Survivors Together said the women concerned had been "  let down " by the committee . One , Mary Smith , said : "  It was worse than any prison , and I 'll never ever get over it . I 'll go to my grave with this pain , it was soul destroying , and the pain will never leave me . "  The government and the religious should stand up and acknowledge what they did to us and the scars that they left , and the pain that will never ever go away . " Survivor testimony published by the Justice for Magdalenes campaign group also depicted the workhouses as harsh and exploitative places . "  In the Magdalene laundry , it was a well-known fact that once you went in there you never came out , " one woman told the group . "  You could n't walk out , because all the locks would be on the doors . You could n't . Unless family of yours took you out . Say somebody claimed you , and took you out . Then that was the only way , or else you 'd go out in a coffin , you know ? You died there . " Those who escaped the convent walls have had no easy time either , the group said . In a 2011 submission to the U.N Committee Against Torture , Justice for Magdalenes highlighted the dire situation in which many of the survivors still find themselves , years later . "  Their poverty has been exacerbated throughout their lives by the denial of educational opportunity which they suffered while incarcerated in the laundries , as well as the psychological and physical injury caused by the abuse , " it said . "  Nor have the women received healthcare or education to assist them in overcoming their trauma and abuse . "  There is a dearth of personal records of the women , and they continue to feel constrained and silenced by a deep sense of stigma and shame over their incarceration in the Magdalene Laundries , because of the continued denial of justice , lack of inquiry , and lack of acknowledgment that they were not at fault for what they suffered but instead had a grave abuse perpetrated upon them . " The lack of personal records has also made it difficult for the adopted children of those locked up in the laundries to trace their mothers . The last of the Magdalen Laundries closed in 1996 . An act passed in 2002 addressed abuse and neglect suffered by thousands of Irish children in state-licensed residential homes and schools , but omitted those who 'd suffered in the Magdalen Laundries .	About 10,000 women were sent to work in the Magdalen Laundries , a report finds More than a quarter were referred there by the Irish state , it finds Advocacy groups say the women were seriously abused and deserve compensation The report finds conditions were "  harsh and physically demanding " but not abusive
CNN  -- When my friend Elaine Rivera died , it felt almost like the end of a fireworks show , when the smoke hangs in the air and crowds walk slowly home . The fun was over in a flash . Elaine was the life of the party , the girl who urged you to stay for just one more drink , a journalist who could splash life into a good story . She was also , as it turned out , an alcoholic whose drinking was so severe it corroded her liver until it just stopped working . Just a few weeks before her October 26 death from cirrhosis , she looked out the window of her condo in the Bronx at a stunning view of the crowds whooping it up at Yankee Stadium . "  Here I am , just another Puerto Rican in the Bronx watching the Yankees . Every one of those people has a beer in their hand , " she rambled on , noting how Puerto Ricans are big baseball fans . "  What is it about Puerto Ricans and drinking ? " That was the same day she said : "  Rose , I do n't think I 'm going to make it . " And then she did n't . Elaine , 54 when she died , was a well-educated Latina who had devoted her career to reporting on the neglect of poor , ethnic communities . Now she 'd ended her life like the anecdotal lead to one of her stories -- this one on how Latinos are dying from alcoholism-related cirrhosis at higher rates than other ethnic or racial groups , and no one seems to know precisely why . Video : Oscar De La Hoya : I started drinking at 8 Latino men die at 1.7 times the rate of whites and Latinas at 1.5 times the rate , according to statistics compiled by the National Institutes of Health . Both genders die from alcoholism-related cirrhosis at twice the rate of African-Americans . Only Native Americans suffer mortality rates at higher levels . "  You probably have a bed here where you put the Puerto Rican from the Bronx , " she had yelled sarcastically , irascible during her first visit to a New York emergency room . She was n't far off when it comes to cirrhosis . Puerto Ricans have a higher rate of alcohol abuse than other Latinos , says Dr. Raul Caetano , who has studied alcohol abuse in minority groups for the University of Texas . There are few explanations as to why . "  Yes , it 's binge drinking , and drinking in general , but as to why  no one knows  , " Caetano said . Some of the problem may begin on the island and get worse as Puerto Ricans move stateside , says Hector Diaz , who co-authored a 2005 book on alcohol abuse among Puerto Ricans . "  In Latin America , the tendency is for people to drink in large amounts but less frequently . When they drink , they get drunk , " Diaz said . "  Then they come to the U.S. , where people drink with more frequency , and Latinos adopt both habits . " Diaz , who has a doctorate in social work , believes that colonization and migration leave some Puerto Ricans feeling like they are immigrants even though they are born U.S. citizens . They feel beaten down as they face new economic and social challenges without the strong family structures they left behind on the island . "  All that drives people nuts , " he said bluntly . "  You are always having to reinvent yourself . " He thinks studying why Latinos , and Puerto Ricans in particular , seem prone to drink will help social workers like him develop better prevention and treatment . Video : Alcoholism , eating disorders may be genetically linked Elaine knew all about Puerto Ricans fighting off a culture of drinking . In the weeks before she was diagnosed , she raged about a dustup between some Puerto Rican leaders and Coors . The beer company had apologized after some Puerto Ricans felt insulted by a Coors can emblazoned with the Puerto Rican flag in honor of the community 's 2013 annual pride parade . The parade theme was "  Salud : Celebrating Your Health . " "  The hypocrisy of this ! " she would say , screaming at the TV set , noting the Puerto Ricans organizing the parade supported Coors . "  I 'm going to have my students look into it . " Coors later issued an apology , noted its sponsorship of scholarships for Latinos and said it was trying to celebrate culture . It stopped production of the cans . Elaine had left full-time journalism to teach journalism at Lehman College and was hoping her students would adopt her passion for covering racial and ethnic minorities . She noted that in 2011 , Puerto Ricans were divided over another Coors ad campaign titled "  Emboricuate . " Boriqua is a slang term for Puerto Ricans and "  Emboriquate " was an obvious play on the Spanish word "  Emborrachate , " meaning "  get drunk . " Coors later apologized for offending anyone and dropped the ad , and the partnership between the Puerto Rican parade and the beer company continued . Even as she talked about the community 's divisions , though , Elaine never fully acknowledged she had a drinking problem . Alcohol abuse is often a disease that can hide in plain sight in Latino communities , says Judith Arroyo , who studies minority health disparities for the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism . Latinos sometimes diminish heavy drinking , said Arroyo , believing that people who drink excessively once a month or every six weeks have nothing more significant than "  un vicio , " just a vice . Elaine 's family did n't see it coming until very late . "  She 'd have a little traguito ,  drink  as they say , but I did n't think she was an addict , " said her brother , Randy Rivera . Elaine came from a solid working-class family from Cleveland , a destination for Puerto Ricans searching for manufacturing jobs in years past . She called it "  the Puerto Rican Brady Bunch " -- three boys and three girls , living in a house with one bathroom . Last Christmas , her brother said , "  she came home looking white like a ghost . She looked swollen . She did n't eat well at dinner . " The family always bought a bottle of liquor for guests , and when her brother woke up the morning after her arrival , it was mysteriously empty . The year before , their sister Joyce had died from cirrhosis . Randy Rivera remembers trying to wrench a bottle of alcohol from Joyce 's hands . "  I told Joyce , ` The only way you 'll stop is in the grave , ' and that turned out to be true , " her brother said . They recognized the physical signs in Elaine , but did n't connect it to heavy drinking . "  We knew Joyce was an alcoholic . She would n't go to rehab . It was gradual , but we knew it was her destiny , " said her other sister , Marisel Rivera . "  With Elaine , we did n't know the severity of her drinking . She 'd be up late drinking when she visited , but we thought she was just stressed from work . Now I ca n't believe this disease has taken two of my sisters . " The next time Elaine 's family visited , she was in Mount Sinai Hospital having fluid drained from her body because her liver was not filtering fluids adequately . Not targeting discreet communities for early prevention can have devastating consequences once they are diagnosed with cirrhosis . Dr. Gene Im , who treated Elaine at Mount Sinai in New York , said concerns over continued alcoholic behavior among cirrhosis patients means most doctors wo n't provide life-saving transplants unless a patient has stopped drinking for six months . Elaine was in rehabilitation when she died suddenly . Im describes cirrhosis as a particularly cruel disease because it 's caused by scarring in the liver as it 's trying to regenerate and maintain its function against the onslaught of abuse . It basically hurts itself trying to survive . "  This comes about over decades of injury to the liver , and often times it 's silent , " Im says . The millions of people in the United States who suffer from alohol-related cirrhosis , an indicator of heavy drinking , face more than just a grave health risk , particularly if they are a member of a vulnerable minority group . Drinking excessively has also been linked to increased criminality , family and work life issues and health consequences . "  Alcoholism is one of the preventable agents that keeps Latino people from being able to advance in this country , " Arroyo said . "  It affects families , it 's money that should be spent on education and providing a good household . If we can address and prevent this , I truly believe we would see Latinos advance economically much more rapidly in this country . " While liver disease results from long-term abuse , Arroyo said , not enough research has been done as to whether higher rates of hepatitis C and fatty liver disease among Latinos weaken the liver and increase the rates of cirrhosis . She also said that poor diet and lack of exercise might also be contributing factors . "  Latinos suffer alcohol use disorders , both dependency and abuse , in smaller numbers , but for those of us who drink , tomamos con ganas  we do it with gusto  , " she said . "  And there are all those things that can contribute . " Elaine was a journalist , a profession where much-romanticized pub crawls are legendary . As I told her former colleagues of her death , many asked whether something else might have caused cirrhosis or how much drinking might make you sick . When I told them the autopsy firmly connected her death to long-term alcohol consumption , they seemed incredulous . Hers had been a slow , unintentional suicide , aided by the many drinks she shared with her reporter buddies in celebration of the last big story . In that other culture of hers , no one had seen it coming either . Problem teen drinking is not just a phase Elaine 's friends and family gather will Saturday to celebrate her life and work and raise money for a scholarship fund for poor , minority journalism students devoted to continuing her work . I find it all so heart-crushing I ca n't bring myself to join the speech-making . There will just be too much talk of the importance of her kind of reporting , but little , if any , about why she died . I 'll remember her by telling the story of how her easy smile and zest for justice was snuffed out by an awful disease plaguing her own community . I just wish she were here to have written it herself .	Journalist Elaine Rivera died October 26 at age 54 "  What is it about Puerto Ricans and drinking , " she asked before her death Puerto Ricans have a higher rate of alcohol abuse than other Latinos , expert says Millions in the United States suffer from cirrhosis
CNN  The next time the people of Capracotta , Italy , hear the folks in Boston complain about a snow season of more than 100 inches , they 'll be like : "  That 's nice . We 've been known to get that much in one day . " In 18 hours , actually . It 's not an official record yet , but it looks like the Italian village got 100.8 inches  256 centimeters  on Thursday , setting the all-time mark for most snow in 24 hours . Pescocostanzo , about 21 miles  34.6 kilometers  away , only got 94.5 inches  240 cm  . That 's more than Boston got in January and February combined , but just short of the 105.7 inches the city totaled so far for the whole season . One of the photos posted on MeteoWeb , the Italian weather website that reported the immense snowfall , showed a resident standing on top of the accumulation shaking hands with a neighbor . She is in a second-story window . The town , which has about 1,000 residents and sits at an altitude of 4,662 feet  1,421 meters  , is prone to heavy one-day snowfalls , MeteoWeb reported . You might conclude it 's in the Italian Alps given all that snow , but that 's not the case . It 's about a three-hour drive east of Rome , roughly halfway down the Italian Peninsula , not far from the Adriatic Sea . But it is in the mountains and is vulnerable to weather coming from the northeast . The World Meteorological Organization will confirm whether the snowfall actually surpassed the 24-hour snowfall record -- 75.8 inches -- from Silver Lake , Colorado , set in 1921 . MeteoWeb reported that the snow fell in 18 hours and that in unpopulated areas at higher altitudes , it is likely accumulations were much more significant . CNN meteorologists Dave Hennen and Taylor Ward contributed to this report .	An Italian weather website says the snowfall measured 100.8 inches The world record for 24 hours of snow is 75.8 inches , set in Colorado in 1921
CNN  -- It is a Sunday night in Bridgetown , Barbados . Here on this Caribbean island , and on the others that make up what 's known as the West Indies , life revolves around one thing -- cricket . On this night , locals gather at historic Kensington Oval , which hosted the 2007 World Cup final . There are no national teams on display this time , but there is a local trophy up for grabs . It 's enough to draw a large crowd of boisterous fans . In the concourse , a familiar face makes his way through the crowd . He is Franklyn Stephenson , and he is the best to have never played for the West Indies , all because of one decision he and his teammates made 30 years ago . It left each of them -- forever -- branded a rebel . In 1983 , the West Indies cricket team was on top of the world . Team captain Clive Lloyd , from Guyana , had led them to back-to-back World Cup victories in 1975 and ' 79 . Contact ` Branded a rebel ' presenter Don Riddell on Facebook Overflowing with talent , the islands of the West Indies could have fielded at least two teams of world-class players . But with all the hype and success , money did not follow . Playing international and club cricket was not enough to earn a living . At the same time , a world away , South Africa was deep in the heart of apartheid . Its government 's policies had split life into different classifications for whites and so-called non-whites . Such oppression against the non-white population intensified into violence , landing young protesters like Nelson Mandela in jail . Thousands more were arrested or killed . As the world tried to pressure South Africa 's leadership , sanctions were applied , and sport was no exception . In 1970 , the International Cricket Council banned South Africa from international competition , leaving the country 's cricket-mad fans deprived of the sport they loved , and their cricketers of the careers they dreamed of . "  You 're always optimistic , " said former South African cricketer Clive Rice . "  The stupidity that existed would change and South Africa would change much quicker , and we 'd be back playing international sport . But it hung on and hung on . " ` Rebel tours ' To save cricket in South Africa , the sport 's administrators knew something had to be done . So , in secret , they began planning "  rebel tours " -- inviting various teams from around the world . It was a bold move to defy the ICC 's ban by offering lucrative contracts . In March 1982 , the first rebel team from England arrived in Johannesburg . "  From our point of view , we knew we had the best cricketers in the world , " said former South African Cricket Union president Joe Pamensky , one of the rebel tour organizers . "  We wanted to show them off to the world so they would see it the same as we saw it . " Later that year , a team from Sri Lanka followed . And it was n't long before many began suspecting South Africa was also targeting a team from the West Indies , the dominant force in world cricket . "  You heard a lot of whispers around the place that perhaps these guys were going to South Africa , " recalled broadcaster Tony Cozier . "  But at that time , we could n't believe that they could assemble a team of West Indies players given the whole background to the anti-apartheid movement . " Many big-name West Indies stars were outspoken in their refusal to play in apartheid South Africa . Captain Clive Lloyd said no amount of money could get him there . Future captain Viv Richards called it "  blood money . " But other players were tempted . The offers from South Africa were more than they would likely see in their lifetimes -- estimated to be between $ 100,000 and $ 150,000 per player . It was enough to draw in names like batsmen Lawrence Rowe and Alvin Kallicharran , fast bowler Sylvester Clarke and wicketkeeper David Murray -- one of the best in the game . Also agreeing to take part was Collis King , hero of the 1979 World Cup . "  I made the decision because I was n't getting treated right as far as the West Indies  team  was concerned , " said King . "  And I said to myself , ` Well , cricket is my job . You 're not picking me , I 'll go play cricket someplace where people will see proper cricket . ' And that 's why I went . " More than just cricket Rising star Stephenson was only 23 in 1983 , with a promising career in front of him . He had repeatedly turned down offers to play in South Africa . But the day the team left , Stephenson had a change of heart . "  I knew the tour was more important than being just cricket , " Stephenson said . "  I believe that cricket can make a difference , and I 'm going to be a part of that team . " On the plane , Stephenson recalled , some of the players began having second thoughts . But it was too late -- they were on their way to South Africa , to face apartheid head on . "  When we got to South Africa , I realized that separation , and it was n't only black and white , " he said . "  It 's the language that you speak , the area that you live in , and it 's what you 're allowed to do , and where you can go . So the divisions were very real when we got there . " Unsure of how they 'd be received by the country 's mainly white fanbase , the West Indies rebels prepared for their first Test match . But their worries soon proved unfounded -- in droves , crowds came out to see the famous cricketers . "  We packed them in , " said Murray . "  We turned out 20,000 in Pretoria , the heart of apartheid . " As the tour went on , the players began to believe something more important than just cricket was taking place . Young kids -- white kids -- were begging them for autographs . It seemed South African fans could n't get enough of the black cricketers from the West Indies . "  For the first time , they were seeing blacks beating whites , " said newspaper writer Al Gilkes , the only journalist from the Caribbean to go to South Africa . "  Here was a country in which no black man had ever seen a black person in competition with a white person , and beating them . To me , that was where the real victory was . " ` Destroyed as cricketers ' But critics of the tour disagree . They say the presence of a team of black men in South Africa did not help end apartheid , but instead strengthened and supported it . Even within the country itself , non-whites protested the West Indies rebels . Back home in the Caribbean , the reaction was worse . A deep sense of betrayal cut through the Caribbean . Cricketers who were once viewed as heroes were now seen as sellouts . When the month-long tour was over , the rebel players knew they would have to face the repercussions of their decision back home . "  I felt sorry for them , " said Gilkes , "  because I knew that they would never outlive what they were returning to . " The fate of their cricketing careers rested with the West Indies Cricket Board of Control . The players were aware they might face a ban -- after all , England 's rebel team had been banned for three years ; Sri Lanka 's was banned for 25 years . But they did not expect to be banned for life . "  Many of them were destroyed as cricketers , " said University of West Indies Professor Hilary Beckles . "  Their cricket careers came to an end . " Murray , once a star , is now drifting , unable to hold a job in Barbados . In the years after the tour , he eventually lost more than just his career . His wife gave birth to their baby daughter in Australia , while Murray was playing in South Africa . They faced being deported from Australia for his role in the rebel tours , and were unwelcome back in the Caribbean , too . They had a newborn , and nowhere to go . "  They did n't want me to return , " Murray said . "  Politics got into it . " When asked if his current situation resulted from his decision to go , Murray answered : "  Most likely . " Mercenaries ? For Stephenson , the once-rising star , his cricketing past is behind him . He is now a golf instructor at a country club in Barbados . But he still finds a way to connect to the sport he loved at the cricket and golf academy he started near his home . There , a photo of his rebel team sits proudly on the shelf . It is not the memories of the tour he wants to forget , but what came after . "  Nobody looked out for us , " Stephenson said . For the players , their lives defined by this single moment in sport history , each day is a reminder of what they lost by going to South Africa . But they gained something , too -- strong bonds forged on a tour condemned by the rest of their world , cherished by the participants . And to this day , they hold strongly to the belief that being in South Africa in 1983 made a difference in disbanding apartheid , less than a decade after the West Indies players were there . Gilkes wrote a seven-part series about the tour . In the last article , he stated the trip might have started with the players being viewed as mercenaries , but he saw them as missionaries "  who converted white South Africans to accepting that blacks were their equals . " "  I know I went there as a missionary , " King said . Murray agreed . "  I do n't see the mercenary part of it or whatever . We were just professional cricketers . You 've got work to do . " "  What do mercenaries do ? " Stephenson asked . "  They go and fight somebody else 's cause . "  Well , yes I was a mercenary for black people 's cause , because wherever I 've been , I 've been an ambassador for my country , my race and the game of cricket . So if that 's being a mercenary , then yes I was . "	West Indian cricketers shunned after touring apartheid-era South Africa They defied international conventions after being offered large sums of money Accused of strengthening apartheid 's grip in South Africa by playing there But players say they made a difference in helping cause of black people
CNN  -- Schoolchildren were home , planes were grounded and some highways were closed because of heavy smog in one of northeast China 's most heavily populated areas Monday . The smog was thick enough that visibility was less than 50 meters  164 feet  in downtown Harbin , the capital of Heilongjiang province , and it prompted authorities to close Harbin 's Taiping International Airport , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . All primary and middle schools in Harbin also were closed due to the smog , which began a day earlier , according to Xinhua . Some public buses did not run in Harbin , so many people -- because they walked or sought other means of transportation -- were late to work , the news outlet reported . Video from China 's state-run CCTV showed some people -- obscured by smog even just steps away -- wearing masks over their mouths as they walked in the province . Some drivers who braved the roads flashed hazard lights . The smog is forecast to continue into Tuesday , Xinhua reported . "  The pollution is indeed very bad , we can only see things within 100 meters , and yesterday it was 20-30 meters . We can smell the smoke in the air , " one resident of Harbin , who identified himself as Mr. Ren , told CNN . "  The smog started about four days ago ... I heard all face masks in Harbin are sold out . People are very angry about this and there is a lot of discussion over the Internet . "  The main reason is Harbin started its heating and the main resource is coal . Every year at this time , the air quality is bad -- but this year is especially polluted . "	Taiping International Airport in Harbin is closed , Xinhua news agency reports The fog , which began Sunday , is expected to last into Tuesday Visibility less than 50 meters  164 feet  in downtown Harbin , Xinhua reports
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- After disrupting a national election , anti-government demonstrators in Thailand have vowed to keep up their campaign against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra . The troubled election Sunday , which was boycotted by the main opposition party , appears unlikely to resolve Thailand 's protracted political crisis , which has fueled bouts of deadly unrest in the Southeast Asian country . During the tense election process , anti-government protesters stopped candidates from registering , blocked delivery of ballot boxes and prevented people from casting their votes . As a result , voting was disrupted in 69 out of the country 's 375 electoral districts , authorities said . The demonstrators have been protesting since November , saying they want to rid Thailand of the influence of Yingluck and her older brother , former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who now lives in exile . Protest leaders are demanding that an unelected "  people 's council " be given the power to carry out political and electoral changes in a country where parties affiliated with Thaksin have dominated elections since 2001 . Disrupted election Yingluck has insisted that an election is the only legitimate way forward for Thailand , which has been repeatedly wracked by political conflicts over the past eight years . Her party is expected to win this vote comfortable , especially as the opposition Democrat Party refused to participate . An estimated 45.84 % of voters participated in the election , the Election Commission said Monday , a far lower turnout than the 75 % in the 2011 vote that brought Yingluck to power . Election results are yet to be announced , but since voting was disrupted in so many districts , the vote appears unlikely to produce enough valid results to form a parliament , meaning Yingluck will remain as caretaker Prime Minister . The Electoral Commission says holding by-elections in all the disrupted districts -- a process likely to face further pressure from protesters -- could take as long as six months . But Deputy Prime Minister Pongthep Thepkarnchana said Monday that the commission is required under the constitution to organize enough by-elections to reopen parliament within 30 days of Sunday 's vote . The opposition , meanwhile , is mounting a legal challenge to the election 's legitimacy . Last week , an attorney for the Democrat Party filed a petition asking the nation 's constitutional court to declare Sunday 's election invalid because of the disruptions to voting . Protesters resolute The outlook for Thailand appears to be more uncertainty and unrest . Since November , at least 10 people have died and nearly 600 have been wounded in violence linked to tensions around the protests . The conflict has deepened the country 's political divide . The anti-government movement draws it support from southern Thailand , Bangkok 's middle class and the established elites . Yingluck 's base is in the less affluent but more populous regions north and east of the capital . In Laksi , a Bangkok district of mixed pro- and anti-government sentiment , gunfire erupted Saturday between masked men amid demonstrations against the elections , witnesses said . Health officials reported at least eight people wounded since Saturday . Protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban on Sunday sought to distance his movement from the violence . "  We need to keep our principles . We fight in peace , with no weapons and violence . We only fight with our feet and whistles , " he said . "  We have the right to a peaceful protest . " Suthep said his supporters would continue efforts this week to block government offices in Bangkok . They held a march in the center of Bangkok on Monday . Lt. Gen. Paradon Patthanathabut , the national security chief , estimated that there were between 2,000 and 3,000 demonstrators on the city 's streets Monday . Protesters generally dispute authorities ' estimates of their numbers , claiming they are far higher . Amid the political deadlock , some observers have suggested Thailand 's powerful military , which has carried out coups in the past , could step in . The military 's stance on the crisis remains unclear . The U.S. government is opposed to a coup , the State Department said Monday . "  We are speaking directly to all elements of Thai society to make clear the importance of using democratic and constitutional means to resolve political differences , " Jen Psaki , a State Department spokeswoman , said at a regular news briefing . Voters determined Despite the tensions in Bangkok over the weekend , many voters insisted on casting their ballots . "  I 'm very excited to exercise my right to vote today , " Nopphorn Tabupha said from Bangkok 's Bueng Kum district . "  I did n't think I would be able to come out . I thought I was going to be blocked by the protesters . " Others found their efforts to participate frustrated . In the Bangkok district of Din Daeng , voting was called off because protesters blocked officials from distributing ballot boxes . A group of government supporters responded by gathering at the district office chanting , "  Election , election " and "  We want to vote today . " Meanwhile , opposition supporters reiterated their rejection of the vote . "  No , I did n't  vote  -- I want reform before elections . Because if I did , we will only get bad people , corrupt politicians , " said Suriya Phodhikul , a computer technician participating in an anti-government rally in the Phayathai district of Bangkok . Thaksin 's role Suthep 's anti-government protesters say Yingluck is merely a puppet of Thaksin , a polarizing figure who built his support on populist policies that pleased residents of the north and northeast . Yingluck has repeatedly denied her brother calls the shots in her government . Thaksin , a business tycoon whose electoral success unsettled the Thai elite , was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . Yingluck 's government set off the current crisis with a botched attempt to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for Thaksin 's return . The move stirred anger around the country . Thailand 's worst civil unrest took place in 2010 , when the government -- run at the time by the Democrat Party -- ordered a crackdown on largely pro-Thaksin protesters , leaving about 90 people dead . Trapped in a gunfight : CNN producer 's harrowing account Protests delay elections in Bangkok district 10 questions : What 's behind the protests in Thailand ? CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Pamela Boykoff reported from Bangkok ; Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Saima Mohsin and journalist Kiki Dhitavat also contributed to this report .	NEW : The United States says it does n't want to see a military coup in Thailand An estimated 45.84 % of Thai voters participated in the election , authorities say Anti-government protesters disrupted the vote and are continuing their rallies in Bangkok The Electoral Commission says it could take months to complete voting
CNN  -- If one image can tell an entire story , this is a powerful example . The photo is set in a hospital room . A patient with a neck brace , tubes attached everywhere , draped in a red , white and blue quilt , is lying in a bed . His bandaged right arm is raised in what we now know is a salute . His face is mostly obscured , but the photo captures details such as the color of the patient 's hair , the shadow of what appears to be a large bruise on his left cheek and a Purple Heart medal pinned to the quilt . The patient is Cpl. Joshua Hargis , 24 . His wife , Taylor , calls him Josh . The photo has been shared thousands of times since Taylor posted it to her Facebook page nearly a week after he was injured during a military operation in Afghanistan that killed four troops and injured 14 . She posted the image with the following story : "  I received this picture today along with a letter from the commander of the team Josh was a part of on the night of his injuries . A letter to explain to me what kind of man I have the privilege of being married to . He explained to me what happened and what was going on in the picture . " She then posted the contents of the letter she says she received : "  Josh was seriously wounded as you know and survived for almost two hours after his injury before arriving to the hospital . Josh was immediately pushed through a series of surgeries and emerged hours later into an intensive care unit here at our base in Afghanistan . Despite being in intense pain and mental duress , Josh remained alert and compassionate to the limited Rangers that were allowed to visit him bedside . "  Prior to Josh being moved to Germany for his eventual flight to America , we conducted a ceremony to award him with the Purple Heart for wounds received in action . A simple ceremony , you can picture a room full of Rangers , leaders , doctors , and nurses surrounding his bedside while the Ranger Regimental Commander pinned the Purple Heart to his blanket . "  During the presentation the Commander publishes the official orders verbally and leaned over Josh to thank him for his sacrifice . Josh , whom everybody in the room  over 50 people  assumed to be unconscious , began to move his right arm under the blanket in a diligent effort to salute the Commander as is customary during these ceremonies . Despite his wounds , wrappings , tubes , and pain , Josh fought the doctor who was trying to restrain his right arm and rendered the most beautiful salute any person in that room had ever seen . "  I can not impart on you the level of emotion that poured through the intensive care unit that day . Grown men began to weep and we were speechless at a gesture that speak volumes about Josh 's courage and character . The picture , which we believe belongs on every news channel and every news paper is attached . I have it hanging above my desk now and will remember it as the single greatest event I have witnessed in my ten years in the Army . " A military spokeswoman confirmed that Hargis was awarded the medal while hospitalized in Afghanistan . Tracy A. Bailey , a deputy public affairs officer , also confirmed the sentiment expressed by the commander in the letter . The Bravo Company commander , Bailey said , did not want to be identified . Hargis is one of 14 troops injured during a night combat operation in the Zhari district of Kandahar province , Afghanistan , on October 6 . During the mission , a suspected suicide bomber detonated an explosive near the assault force . As the assault force reacted to the initial blast , they were struck by a series of explosions , killing four soldiers , including two Army Rangers . While the photo continues to circulate around social media , Hargis is recovering at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas . Bailey said Hargis was "  not in a position " to make a statement to the media , but he did post a thank-you to supporters on his Facebook page last week . "  A huge thank you to everyone who was a part of this and is now a part of it . Only through your love and support may we overcome this difficult road ahead , " Hargis wrote . Neither the family nor the military immediately disclosed details about his injuries . But Joshua 's father , Jim Hargis , told CNN affiliate WXIX that his son lost both legs when he stepped on an improvised explosive device . A friend posted this response , which sums up most responses from people who 've seen the photo : "  So wonderful to see your post Joshua . You are so loved and so many people have been touched by you and what has happened . May you have a speedy recovery and may you know how much you are loved and wished all the best . "	Cpl. Joshua Hargis was injured in Afghanistan He was presented with a Purple Heart in a bedside ceremony A photo of his salute has received thousands of shares on social media
CNN  -- In fall 2012 , Roni Tarver was in a bad mood . The 5-foot-6-inch teacher weighed 235 pounds and suffered back pain almost constantly . She was popping 10 to 15 ibuprofen daily , which took a toll on her stomach . It did n't help that she was on her feet most of the day and dealing with the stress and exhaustion of being a relatively new teacher . Her husband never once said anything about her weight , which made her feel worse about not taking care of herself . She had quit smoking , but knew she needed to get active because climbing stairs still left her winded . "  I really married the most sweet , wonderful , compassionate man in the world . He never made me feel bad about it , so I think I felt more guilty , " said Tarver , 29 , a high-school agriculture teacher who lives in the Fort Worth , Texas , area . She remembers thinking , "  Why are n't you taking the initiative ? This man loves you for who you are . " She had never had the body she wanted . By that November , she had had enough . She was done being just the outgoing , funny girl . She was done being heavy . "  I found myself crying in bed one night over my weight , and my husband told me that he thought I was beautiful , but if I was so unhappy , I should do something about it , " Tarver wrote on CNN iReport . "  This triggered something in me . " The very next day , she said , she began monitoring her calories and walking or riding the stationary bicycle six days a week . After two months , she was brave enough to step foot inside a gym . That was January 3 , 2013 . Soon after , she signed up for her first Zumba class . It was the beginning of her new life . Tarver started sampling every available evening dance class . As the daughter of an aerobic dance instructor , the movements came easily . By the third week , she wanted to be there all the time , dancing to exhaustion under the club lights in the gym 's group fitness room . She supplemented classes with one to two nights working out on the elliptical machine and lifting weights . "  My instructors were amazing , and made me feel like they loved having me there , " she said . "  I was having a blast exercising for the first time in my life . " One of her instructors , now a close friend , found her on Facebook and would message her if Tarver missed a class . She also offered to make her CDs with music she noticed Tarver liked in class . After 10 months , Tarver 's teacher encouraged her to get certified to teach her own classes . Tarver has been teaching Zumba and other classes that combine fitness and dance for the past four months , in addition to the classes she takes . "  You really feel like you 're in a club , dancing with people , but you do n't have a hangover in the morning . At the end of it , you feel awesome , you 're exhausted , and you can go back and do it tomorrow if you want . It 's good for your soul , if you ask me . " Tarver knew exercise was n't enough to really get healthy . She had to change her eating habits , too . She did n't follow a particular diet , but stuck to a few principles . The first few months , she rarely ate out , if at all , and cut out fast food in favor of salmon or grilled chicken with vegetables . At school , she ate a protein shake or bar for breakfast , a banana , apple , pear or some clementines for a snack , more fruit and a low-calorie frozen dinner for lunch . She used a calorie counter app on her phone to track her intake , sticking to about 1,500 to 1,700 calories per day based on how fast or slow she was losing weight . She also cut out dairy , which was probably the hardest sacrifice . "  I could drink a whole gallon of whole milk in two days . I really , really liked cheese and milk a lot , " she said . "  It was difficult at first because I was so conditioned to eating cheese , but I felt better . " After a couple of months , she allowed herself one cheat meal a week -- two bacon and egg taquitos from her favorite fast food chain every Tuesday . She still has that ritual , but is a little freer with her diet on the weekends . When Tarver started her weight loss journey in November 2012 , at 235 pounds , she wore size 22 pants and was about 42 % body fat . Within 14 months , she was down to 135 pounds , a size 6 and 21 % body fat . Her back pain is almost completely gone , she has her dream body and is "  the happiest I have ever been . " "  I ca n't believe how easy it was -- how fast the weight came off when I was doing the right thing , " she said . "  I 'm thrilled out of my mind with my body . " Her husband , Tom Tarver , says Roni has always been beautiful , but it 's clear to him how much better she feels . "  I 'm very proud of her , and I would choose the way she feels now over however she looks , " he said . "  She 's happier , and she is just a fun person to be around . It 's the kind of person you want to be married to . " Tarver fluctuates between 130 and 135 pounds and considers herself to be in maintenance mode ; she carries around some extra skin from the weight loss , but will happily accept the extra skin over the extra weight . "  If I could give one piece of advice to anyone struggling with their weight , it would be to find something active that you love doing , and do n't give up , " Tarver said . "  Consistency is key to making any lifestyle changes . Find a support system and tell people what you are trying to do for yourself . When you say it out loud , you become accountable . "	Roni Tarver had never been a skinny girl In 2012 , she weighed 235 pounds Losing 100 pounds was "  way easier than I ever thought , " Tarver said
CNN  -- A New Zealand court denied bail Wednesday to the founder of the shuttered file-sharing site Megaupload , whose extradition is being sought by the U.S. Department of Justice . Kim Dotcom , who is also known as Kim Schmitz , will remain in custody until at least February 22 , when an extradition hearing is to be held , the court said . U.S. authorities shut down Megaupload last week and announced indictments against Dotcom and six other people connected to the site , accusing them of operating an "  international organized criminal enterprise responsible for massive worldwide online piracy of copyrighted works . " Four of those charged , including Dotcom , were arrested in New Zealand at the request of the U.S. government . The New Zealand police detained Dotcom , a German citizen , on Friday after a raid on his mansion in the North Shore area of Auckland , the country 's largest city . In a packed court on Monday , Dotcom 's lawyer , Paul Davison , said that his client is innocent and should be granted bail . "  Mr. Dotcom emphatically denies any criminal misconduct or wrongdoing and denies the existence of any ` mega-conspiracy , ' " Davison told the court . But New Zealand government prosecutors , acting on behalf of U.S. authorities , argued that Dotcom 's bail request should be denied because he presented an "  extreme " flight risk . Dotcom is a resident of New Zealand and Hong Kong . Users of Megaupload -- ranked by the traffic-tracking service Alexa as the world 's 72nd-most-visited website before it was taken down -- could share and download files , many of which were copyrighted works made available for download without permission , according to U.S. authorities . They said the operation had generated more than $ 175 million in illegal profits through advertising revenue and the sale of premium memberships . Authorities have seized the company 's servers and domain names and frozen $ 50 million in assets . Davison said this week that , without access to his assets or travel documents , Dotcom did not present a flight risk . He added that his client wanted to stay in New Zealand with his pregnant wife and children . He criticized the "  aggressive " approach taken by the police and prosecutors in accusing and detaining Dotcom , saying it had "  amplified the nature and gravity of this alleged offending beyond any reality . " He suggested it had created "  a real misunderstanding and misconception of the business of Megaupload . " CNN 's Karen Smith contributed to this story	Kim Dotcom to remain in custody at least until February 22 U.S. authorities shut down Megaupload last week They accuse the website of pirating copyrighted works Dotcom 's lawyer says he is innocent
A commuter train derailed in a curve in the New York borough of the Bronx on Sunday , killing four people and leaving dozens hurt , investigators said . All seven passenger cars and the locomotive jumped the tracks near the Spuyten Duyvil station , about 10 miles north of Manhattan 's Grand Central Terminal , the National Transportation Safety Board reported . Three of the dead were thrown out of the train as it "  came off the track and was twisting and turning , " New York Fire Department Chief Edward Kilduff told reporters . Surviving passenger Amanda Swanson told CNN the windows of the coaches broke out , and "  the gravel came flying up in our faces . " "  I really did n't know if I would survive , " said Swanson , who put her bag in front of her face to block the rubble . "  The train felt like it was on its side and dragging for a long time . ... The whole thing felt like slow motion . " The train was en route to Grand Central from Poughkeepsie , 74 miles up the Hudson River , when it derailed about 7:20 a.m. , NTSB member Earl Weener said Sunday . At least 67 people were injured , said Joe Bruno , New York 's commissioner of emergency management , and 11 remained in critical condition Sunday evening , Gov. Andrew Cuomo told reporters . The diesel locomotive was pushing passenger cars through a 30-mph curve north of the station at the time of the crash , Weener said . He said that configuration is one of many things investigators will be examining as they try to determine the cause of the wreck . Investigators have recovered an event recorder from the locomotive and another car but have n't yet examined them , Weener said . "  Our mission is to understand not just what happened , but why it happened , with the intent of preventing it from ever happening again , " he said . About 150 people were on the train when it derailed , said Laureen Coyne , director of risk management for New York 's Metropolitan Transit Authority , which includes the Metro-North railroad . One car came to rest just feet away from the Harlem River . "  I heard this horrible , whooshing sound . ... It was very disturbing , very loud , " said Hank Goldman , who lives near the tracks . "  I jumped out of bed and looked out the window and I saw a light-colored object lying down . I thought it was the roadway to the train . Then I got my binoculars , and I could n't believe my eyes , that the train had jumped the tracks right here . " New York 's Metropolitan Transit Authority identified the dead as Donna L. Smith , 54 , of Newburgh , New York ; James G. Lovell , 58 , of Cold Spring , New York ; James M. Ferrari , 59 , of Montrose , New York ; and So Kisook Ahn , 35 , of Queens , New York . Lovell did freelance audio and was headed into New York to work Sunday morning , said Dave Merandy , a town council member in the Hudson Valley community of Philipstown . "  He loved his family and did what was necessary to keep things afloat with his family . He was a great man , " said Merandy . Lovell 's wife , Nancy Montgomery , sits on Philipstown 's council , and Merandy and Lovell were high school classmates , Merandy said . He leaves behind three sons and a daughter from a previous marriage . "  We 're just shocked . Completely shocked , " Merandy said . The Metro-North Hudson Line had a ridership of 15.9 million last year , with hundreds of people riding the packed trains during weekday rush hour , officials said . The train operator -- who is among the injured -- told investigators he applied brakes to the train , but it did n't slow down , a law enforcement official on the scene and familiar with the investigation said . "  That will be a key point of concern , whether this train was moving too quickly , " Bruno said . A freight train derailed in the same curve in July , damaging about 1,500 feet of track , the MTA reported at the time . Weener said the NTSB would look into whether there was any connection between that derailment and Sunday 's crash , but both he and Cuomo discounted the possibility . "  The curve has been here for many , many years , right , and trains take the curve every day , 365 days a year ... We 've always had this configuration . We did n't have accidents , " Cuomo said . "  So there has to be another factor , and that 's what we want to learn from the NTSB . " Investigators will look at the condition of the track , the signal system , crew performance and other factors . They 'll also search for data and video recordings that may have captured details tied to the derailment , NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman said . "  We 've got a lot of work to do , " she said . "  We do n't have a lot of daylight hours to do it , but we 're going to do as much as we can . " Passenger : Train stopped with a thud The incident quickly sparked chatter on Twitter and drew a crowd of onlookers to the scene . Passenger Frank Tatulli told WABC he thought the train was traveling "  a lot faster " than usual . He escaped a derailed car on his own and had head and neck injuries , he said . Other passengers were still on the train , he told WABC . Another survivor told WABC that she climbed out of a train car that had overturned . Nearby , she said , she heard injured victims moaning and asking for help . "  I almost feel guilty , " she said . "  I was just in a really safe spot on the train , just the way it fell . " Swanson told CNN the train car she was in came to a stop with a thud . "  I just closed my eyes and kind of hoped to God that I was going to be able to call my mom with decent news , " Swanson said . She got off the train with her cell phone in hand : "  The screen was shattered , but it still worked , " she said . Among those hurt , one suffered a spinal cord injury that could leave him paralyzed from the neck down , said Dr. David Listman , director of the emergency department at St. Barnabas Hospital in the Bronx . New York-Presbyterian Hospital said it was treating 17 patients , four of whom were in critical condition . Federal authorities are also investigating another Metro-North incident in which two passenger trains crashed during rush hour in Connecticut in May . Though no connection between the incidents has been established , one state lawmaker said Sunday that the derailments are a sign that federal investigators should examine track conditions throughout the region . "  It is important that the entire regional track infrastructure be examined to identify any chronic issues that have led to past derailments or could lead to future derailments in order to ensure the safety of the millions of people who use the trains every single day , " New York State Sen. Charles J. Fuschillo Jr. said in a statement . Service was suspended Sunday on part of the Hudson Line and wo n't be resumed until the NTSB finishes documenting the scene and returns the track to the MTA for repairs , Cuomo said . "  I think it 's fair to say tomorrow , people who use this line should plan on a long commute or plan on using the Harlem Line , " Cuomo said . Amtrak trains were suspended between New York and Albany for hours after the derailment . On Sunday afternoon officials said service would resume with restricted speeds in the area . "  Some delays can be expected , " Amtrak said .	Derailment victim "  did what was necessary " to help his family , councilman says Locomotive was pushing cars at the time of the crash , NTSB says Gov. Andrew Cuomo discounts curve 's role in the crash Investigators have recovered a recorder from the locomotive and another car , NTSB says
CNN  -- PGA star Hunter Mahan chose family over work this weekend , and though it may have cost him more than $ 1 million , he sounds ecstatic . "  What a whirlwind of a day , " Mahan tweeted Sunday morning , "  but I 'm happy to announce the birth of my daughter Zoe Olivia Mahan born at 3:26 am . Thanks for all the support ! "  Both Baby and Mom are doing great . Thanks to all to my sponsors who appreciate what 's important in life and all my fans for being Awesome ! " he added in a second tweet . Mahan was halfway to his sixth career PGA Tour tournament victory , with a two-shot lead after Friday 's second round of the RBC Canadian Open at Glen Abbey Golf Club in Oakville , Ontario . But after receiving a call early Saturday that his wife , Kandi , had gone into labor , he withdrew from the tournament and flew home to Dallas to be present for the birth of the couple 's first child rather than continuing to pursue the $ 1.008 million first prize . "  Kandi and I are thrilled about this addition to the Mahan family , and we look forward to returning to the RBC Canadian Open in the coming years , " Mahan said Saturday , according to PGATOUR.Com . Mahan has made more than $ 2.3 million already in 2013 , with four Top 10 finishes this year , including a tie for fourth place at the U.S. Open and a tie for ninth place at the British Open over the past two months , PGATOUR.com says . CNN Sports ' Jason Durand contributed to this report .	Pro golfer Hunter Mahan and his wife , Kandi , have their first child Mahan withdraws from RBC Canadian Open tournament in which he was leading He walks away from a potential $ 1 million payday He thanks sponsors "  who appreciate what 's important in life " and "  awesome " fans
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- A day-by-day summary of significant events in Egypt 's upheaval , as compiled by the CNN Wire : TUESDAY , JANUARY 25 As many as 20,000 protesters spill into the streets of Cairo in an unprecedented display of anti-government rage inspired in part by the Tunisian revolt . The official Middle East News Agency  MENA  reports three people dead and 49 wounded in clashes between protesters and police in Cairo and the port city of Suez . JANUARY 26 Police use water cannons and tear gas against thousands of protesters who returned to the streets of Cairo and other cities . MENA reports at least 90 arrests in Cairo , while state-run Nile News reports at least 27 wounded in Suez . JANUARY 27 Mohamed ElBaradei , the Nobel Peace Prize-winning former head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency and a possible presidential candidate , returns to Egypt to join demonstrations . The Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's largest opposition bloc , calls on its supporters to join protests after Friday 's weekly prayers . The government responds by arresting a prominent Muslim Brotherhood leader and shutting down internet and text-messaging services . JANUARY 28 Protesters battle police in Cairo , Suez and Alexandria to demand an end to Mubarak 's rule . The headquarters of Mubarak 's ruling National Democratic Party is ransacked and set ablaze . Egyptian troops move onto the streets through clouds of black smoke and tear gas to enforce a curfew , the first time since 1985 that the army has been used to put down domestic unrest . JANUARY 29 In a speech delivered shortly after midnight , Mubarak announces that he has sacked his Cabinet and acknowledges the "  legitimate demand " for political and economic reforms . He names Omar Suleiman , his longtime intelligence chief , as vice president -- the first time he has filled that position since taking office in 1981 . Protesters are not satisfied : Clashes continue around Cairo 's Tahrir  Liberation  Square , and hospital officials in Alexandria tell CNN that at least 31 people have been killed there . In Washington , President Barack Obama says he has told Mubarak that he must take "  concrete steps " to deliver on his pledge of reform . Britain , France and Germany issue a joint statement calling on Mubarak to begin a "  process of transformation , " including free elections . JANUARY 30 Egyptian warplanes and helicopters buzz over Tahrir Square in a show of force as thousands of demonstrators defy curfew orders . ElBaradei is met by cheering throngs who surround him as he arrives at the square , telling supporters , "  What we started can never be pushed back . " In a CNN interview , he calls on Mubarak to "  leave today and save the country . " JANUARY 31 On the eve of a planned "  march of millions , " Egypt 's military command announces it wo n't open fire on peaceful protesters . Suleiman says the government has begun discussing reform with opposition parties , promising plans will be drawn up "  expeditiously . " Egyptian authorities shut down the country 's rail network , post troops at key locations and pull the plug on mobile phone and internet service ahead of the next round of demonstrations . FEBRUARY 1 Mubarak announces he will not seek a new term in September 's elections , but plans to stay in the country and finish his current one . Protesters packed into Tahrir Square wave shoes in the air -- a deep insult in the Arab world -- and vow to continue their demonstrations until Mubarak quits outright . Clashes between pro- and anti-Mubarak demonstrators in Alexandria leave 12 injured . FEBRUARY 2 Pro- and anti-Mubarak demonstrators battle each other with rocks , chunks of concrete and Molotov cocktails around Tahrir Square throughout the day as Egyptian troops stand by . Opposition protesters say the pro-Mubarak demonstrators include plainclothes police officers and government workers who are paid to take part . Government officials deny the allegation , but independent observers say the tactic is one Mubarak has routinely employed in the past . The pro-Mubarak demonstrators also attack several international journalists as state television portrays the unrest as a "  foreign conspiracy . " FEBRUARY 3 As street battles continue around Tahrir Square , Egyptian authorities crack down on journalists and human rights activists bearing witness to the crisis . Several of the leading opposition parties say they wo n't hold talks with the government until the clashes end . Mubarak tells the American news network ABC that he was "  unhappy " with the violence , adding he would step down right away -- but says his immediate resignation would plunge Egypt into further chaos . Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq apologizes for attacks on anti-government protesters and vows to punish those responsible , while Suleiman tells demonstrators , "  Finish up the strike . Your demands have been met . " FEBRUARY 4 Undeterred by deadly clashes and government crackdowns , tens of thousands rally in Cairo 's Tahrir Square for a largely peaceful mass rally . Their message to Mubarak : "  Leave . " In another plaza just half a kilometer away , supporters and foes of Mubarak fight running street battles . Youths wielding sticks and rocks engaged in fights and the sound of gunfire rang out . The opposition Muslim Brotherhood , an Islamist group officially banned by the government , says one of its offices was stormed by a "  gang of thugs . " The satellite news network Al-Jazeera reported a similar attack on its Cairo office . FEBRUARY 5 Apparent fissures in Egypt 's regime surface as key members of the embattled ruling party , including Mubarak 's once heir-apparent son , give up their party leadership posts and the vice president begins talks with opposition leaders . The embattled Mubarak , however , remains in his position as head of the party 's higher council and as head of state despite popular demands that he relinquish power immediately . The president 's foes question whether the moves are meaningful or cosmetic . Demonstrators on the streets say Mubarak is just trying to appease the people .	Tuesday , January 25 brought first massive protest in Tahrir Square President Hosni Mubarak announced January 29 he had sacked his Cabinet Clashes between pro- and anti-Mubarak demonstrators began February 1
CNN  -- Pop star Ke $ ha has checked into a 30-day treatment facility for an eating disorder . "  I 'm a crusader for being yourself and loving yourself , but I 've found it hard to practice , " she said in a statement provided by her rep Friday . "  I 'll be unavailable for the next 30 days , seeking treatment for my eating disorder to learn to love myself again exactly as I am . " Ke $ ha , whose full name is Kesha Sebert , is featured on "  Timber " with rapper Pitbull . The song is number two on Billboard 's Hot 100 singles chart . She also starred in the MTV reality show , "  My Crazy Beautiful Life . " The show gives an inside glimpse into her personal and professional challenges . In a tweet on New Year 's Day , she talks about upcoming changes . "  Cheers to this year being the best year ever , " she tweeted . " 2014 gon be the year of truth and freedom . " The singer and songwriter is 26 . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report	She 'll be at the treatment facility for 30 days Ke $ ha 's full name is Kesha Sebert She is featured on "  Timber , " which is number two on Billboard 's Hot 100
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Egypt 's new government on Sunday ordered banks closed for the next two days after protests by National Bank workers apparently drove out the head of the institution . The chairman of the National Bank of Egypt , Tarek Amer , told employees via e-mail that he submitted his resignation on Sunday , according to a person who received the message . "  I was saddened because I could not enter the bank 's building today due to hundreds of protesting employees , " the e-mail said , according to a bank employee , who was not authorized to speak to the media and asked not to be named . Amer was joined by two of his deputies and the bank 's head of human resources , according to the message . It was not clear whether the resignations have been accepted . But Sunday evening , Egyptian state television announced that the country 's lenders would be shut down until Wednesday . The announcement asked employees to consider the national interest in the wake of the revolt that drove longtime President Hosni Mubarak from office on Friday . The military council that took power from Mubarak has urged Egyptians to help bolster the country 's economy , which had been paralyzed during the protests . Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the United States , said Sunday that the new government has made restoring security and reviving commerce its top priorities . "  The Egyptian economy has suffered during this period of unrest , and was suffering from the global recession with a rising unemployment rate , " Shoukry told CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS . " Bank workers complained that members of Mubarak 's family put their allies into positions of power at the bank with grossly inflated salaries . But the National Bank 's headquarters in Cairo continued to function during Sunday 's protests , with disgruntled staff taking turns to work and demonstrate . There were reports of protests at branches of the Bank of Alexandria and the Bank of Egypt as well . And hundreds of police officers launched demonstrations outside Interior Ministry headquarters on Sunday to demand higher wages , shorter hours , better benefits and more respect , participants told CNN . The protesters faced off with a cordon of Egyptian troops outside the ministry Sunday evening . They currently earn 500 Egyptian pounds  about $ 85  a month -- a quarter of what army troops of comparable rank earn , they said . They , too , want to earn 2,000 pounds a month , police protesters Mahmoud Tawfiq and Mahmoud Bedwai said . They also want their hours reduced and to be paid for working overtime , saying they work 12 to 15 hour days and face imprisonment if they refuse to work past the end of their shifts . And they called for free transportation to their job sites and housing once they get there , saying some travel hundreds of miles from Cairo for work at their own expense . Both low-ranking police officers and administrative staff joined in the protest . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and Arwa Damon and Journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : Egypt shutters its banks until Wednesday The head of the National Bank of Egypt told workers he has submitted his resignation Police protest for better pay and shorter hours
CNN  -- Citizens of South Korea chose their 18th president this week -- Park Geun-hye , who will be the nation 's first female leader . Park , 60 , was the candidate of the ruling conservative New Frontier Party , also known as Saenuri . To some observers ' surprise , Park 's campaign had repeatedly highlighted her gender as a marker of her superiority to her rival , Moon Jae-in , a 59-year-old candidate of the opposition Democratic United Party , who is currently a member of the National Assembly . For example , her television advertisements promoted Park as a prepped woman president who understands feminine leadership that is responsible and subtle . Park also made pledges appealing to women in workplace and family . She even equated the birth of a woman president with political cleanup and innovation in South Korea . Looking at Park 's future presidency from afar without considering its historical and social context , it is rather tempting to celebrate it as a sign of positive social change in the conservative Asian country -- women have finally arrived . Or have they ? Certainly , there is an affirmative note in the conservative party 's calculation that they need to woo women voters and promote feminine leadership as a positive alternative to a male leadership soiled by corruption and power struggle . We can appreciate its significance even more when this change is juxtaposed with the 1990s when many pregnant women in South Korea aborted female fetuses to ensure that they would have at least one son among one or two children they were willing to bear . The positive meaning of feminine leadership is also a step forward from older generations of women leaders in South Korea and elsewhere , who either downplayed their gender or ignored it altogether to avoid any negative consequence for their political career . However , looking into it , the gender politics of Park 's candidacy is replete with contradictions and ironies . Here are a few examples . First , her political career , including her prominence in national politics since the 2002 presidential election , has been propelled and maintained by her father 's posthumous political fortune . She is the daughter of Park Chung-hee who ruled the country with a repressive iron fist from 1961 to 1979 . Her father came to power through a military coup d tat and his rule ended when he was assassinated by his own Korean CIA director . In the aftermath of the Asian financial crisis  1997-1998  and disillusionment with civilian presidents who were democratically elected , a growing number of Koreans became nostalgic about her late father whose collective memory had been largely negative . In multiple national surveys conducted at the turn of the second millennia , an increasing number of respondents chose her father as "  one of the greatest leaders " or even the greatest leader in Korean history . Park began her political career in 1998 when she was elected to be a National Assembly member representing the city of Daegu through a special election . Conservative Koreans have adored her as the daughter of the national hero . In fact , during the later years of her father 's presidency , known as Yushin Dictatorship  1972-1979  , young Park played the role of the first lady because her mother was assassinated in 1974 by a North Korean agent who intended to kill her father . This experience shaped her views on major historical and current issues in South Korea that often echo her father 's . To progressive Koreans , her father 's specter looms too large to consider Park as a symbol of new feminine leadership . Second , evaluating her record as a politician in her own right without reducing her to her political pedigree , there is little to celebrate . She lacks a track record of practicing such positive feminine leadership and supporting policies to promote gender equality and empower social minorities in general . On the contrary , she is known for her inability to communicate with people spontaneously and her lack of empathy for difficult lives of grassroots populace because of her privileged position throughout her life . Her admirers praise Park for her composure and discipline , but these positive qualities are not specifically related to her feminine leadership and commitment to empowering women and other social minorities . Therefore , the vociferous emphasis on these issues in her presidential campaign was nothing but expedient rhetoric to win the presidential race . Third , comparatively speaking , the rise of Park 's political star echoes the ironic situation of women politicians elsewhere  such as Margaret Thatcher , Golda Meir , Megawati Sukarnoputri and Sarah Palin  , promoted by conservative or leftist parties that have rarely prioritized or supported gender equality in their policy making and implementation . Park also conforms to the recurring model of female political leader who is a daughter , a wife , or a sister of a powerful male leader . This reveals that high social status overrides female gender in many societies and especially in a patriarchal society . Women politicians in such situation may conjure up a powerful illusion that women are also individuals  like men  with equal right to run for public offices at all levels . Their presence also reflects a popular sentiment for gender equality that has spread globally in recent decades . Yet such women politicians are more likely to be window dressing to garner public support than agents of progressive social change toward equality and empowerment of women and other social minorities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Seungsook Moon .	Park Geun-hye to become 18th president of South Korea -- its first female leader Moon writes it 's easy to look at Park 's future presidency as sign of social change Park 's father 's legacy has propelled her political career , writes Moon Moon : Park 's political record lacks support of policies promoting gender equality
CNN  -- A Beijing man who snatched a baby from a pram and hurled it to its death in an argument over a parking space was Wednesday sentenced to death by a Beijing court , according to court documents . Han Lei , 39 , was charged with intentional homicide over the death of the two-year-old girl who died in hospital from brain damage 50 hours after being dashed to the pavement in the Daxing District of Beijing on July 23 . The court sentenced his friend Li Ming , who helped Han escape after the incident , to five years ' jail . The Beijing No. 1 Intermediate People 's Court heard how Han and Li decided to drive to a karaoke bar after a dinner with several other people . Unable to find a parking space , they attempted to park at a bus stop where a woman , also surnamed Li , was waiting with the 2-year , 10-month-old baby who was named as Sun in court documents . An altercation began when Han accused the mother of blocking the car 's path with the pushchair . The court heard how Han hit the mother and then proceeded to hurl the baby out of its pram . The court rejected his defense that he had been intoxicated at the time of the attack , saying that his mental condition had been "  stable " despite earlier drinking at dinner . Prosecutors recommended that Han , who committed the crime within a year of being released from prison , be given the death sentence . "  I smacked her in the face . She hit back , too . People started to gather around us . I just wanted to smash the trolley , " Han reportedly said in a statement to police . The girl 's mother told police that Han had earlier threatened to kill the child and had acted before she was able to take measures to protect her . Han fled the scene with Li Ming , who was charged with harboring a criminal , but was arrested by police the next day . Li turned himself in to police on July 25 . Relatives of the child asked for a total of 2.73 million yuan  $ 443,513  in civil compensation during the court hearing , according to state-run Xinhua . The case drew a strong response on Chinese social media site Weibo where posters mostly applauded the death sentence : "  He deserves to be shot 100 times , " said poster Xiongwoxi while another , named as Wujiayounvchuzhangcheng , said the death sentence was not strong enough . "  Dying once is leniency , " he said . Despite this , there were some calls to end capital punishment in China . "  Although he deserves the death , should n't we give him another chance ? Do we must have people die one after another ? " said poster Linxidaxuesonglianli .	Beijing man sentenced to death after hurling a baby from its pram Han Lei , 39 , throws toddler to the ground in argument over parking space Court sentences Li Ming , who helped Han escape after the incident , to five years ' jail The girl , aged two years and 10 months , suffered severe head injuries and died later in hospital
The number of Ebola cases in West Africa has not reached worst-case scenario predictions , but until it drops to zero , the world remains at risk , the CDC director said Monday . Speaking to reporters after a visit to Liberia , Guinea and Sierra Leone , Centers for Disease Prevention Director Dr. Tom Frieden said he saw "  real momentum and real progress " in combating the virus . "  It 's going to be a long hard fight , but I am hopeful that we are going to see continued progress . The challenge is not to let up , not to be complacent and to really double down , " he said . Last week , the World Health Organization put the number of reported deaths from Ebola at 6,915 , with more than 18,600 cases of the disease reported . Asked about the CDC 's report in September that in certain scenarios , Ebola cases could reach 550,000 by January , Frieden said : "  The projections we released a few months ago showed what could happen if nothing more were done -- in fact an enormous amount has been done . " He said what had changed was the world 's reaction response to not letting that happen . Liberia had the "  most hopeful picture " of the three countries , Frieden said . "  As of today , it has the upper hand over the virus . " This was due to the country 's implementation of the Rapid Isolation and Treatment for Ebola approach , he said . Extensive challenges remain , however , in Sierra Leone , he said . "  Sierra Leone has by far the largest number of cases of the three countries at this point and is in a rapid scale-up phase . " This is in part a result of the "  challenge of complacency , " he said . As the number of cases fell , he said , health care workers were "  relaxing their grip " , by , for example , not wearing protective clothing or ignoring the possibility of Ebola infection when treating patients for other ailments . Three actions were important to combat the next phase of the outbreak , Frieden said : First , break the cycle of exponential growth . Second , trace every chain of transmission and ensure the intensive followup of every patient with Ebola . And third , strengthen the areas that were now Ebola-free to prevent outbreaks there , he said . "  The next phase is in many ways harder -- it 's tracing every single case to break every single chain of transmission including in highly mobile urban areas and that 's going to be challenging , " he said . "  The problem is there are clusters all over and new ones popping up all the time . Till each of the three countries get to the last cluster , the last case , then we 're at risk . " A lot had been done to combat Ebola , Frieden said , but it was still a "  work in progress , " with -- for example -- more French-speaking health care workers needed in Guinea to stop the spread there . Tools on the horizon included a new point-of-care diagnostic kit that would allow health care workers to diagnose the virus on the spot -- rather than having to make sometimes arduous trips back from remote areas for lab testing of suspected cases . Frieden said that another new initiative in Sierra Leone would allow the vaccination of thousands of health care workers -- if and when a safe vaccine was developed . But he said with new tools -- especially the vaccine -- "  we have to ardently hope that they work urgently , but we ca n't count on them working . "	CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden has just returned from West Africa He described seeing "  real progress " in the countries fighting Ebola But Frieden warned that until there were no more cases , the world was at risk "  It 's going to be a long , hard fight , " Frieden said
CNN  -- Sheriff 's investigators in North Carolina launched a search of a turkey farm they say is owned by Butterball -- the largest producer of turkey products in the United States -- on Thursday after an animal rights organization said it infiltrated the farm and videotaped instances of purported animal abuse . "  The organization Mercy for Animals had conducted a covert operation at the farm and documented mistreatment of animals , " said Capt. John Kivett of the Hoke County sheriff 's office . "  No one has been taken into custody . It 's still an ongoing investigation . Nothing has been seized , " he told CNN . The heavily edited videotape from the animal rights group shows what appear to be employees of the farm kicking , dragging and throwing turkeys . During one section of the tape , someone clearly swings what appears to be a metal object , striking one of the birds . Investigators were trying to determine whether the videotape matches this same facility in Hoke County that they were searching . "  Veterinarians and detectives are inside the birdhouses conducting their investigation and documenting what they see , " said Kivett . "  We have no way of knowing if the video is of the same place , " he told CNN . Other sections of the 90-second tape show what appear to be injured , bloodied and , in some cases , dead turkeys . On its website , the animal rights group bills itself as an organization that promotes a vegetarian diet . "  Our investigation found Butterball employees kicking , throwing , dragging and beating birds . We also documented birds suffering from broken bones , bloody open wounds , and many left to die , " said Nathan Runkle , executive director of Mercy for Animals . The sheriff 's department said that Butterball was fully cooperating with the authorities , and that company officials were at the farm . In a written statement , Butterball said the company was working with Hoke County officials in their investigation . "  Butterball takes these allegations very seriously and fully supports the efforts being made on the part of officials . Butterball has a zero tolerance policy for any mistreatment of our birds or the failure to immediately report mistreatment of our birds by any associates , " the company said in a statement . "  We are performing extensive internal and third-party audits as part of our own investigation . Employees found in violation of Butterball 's animal welfare policies will be subject to immediate termination . " The company statement did not address the existence or the nature of the videotape . Butterball did not return CNN 's calls for comment . The animal rights group told CNN that a female member of the organization was hired by Butterball as a driver , and as a worker in the animal sheds . The organization said the unidentified member worked there from the middle of November until the middle of December when the hidden-camera video was shot . "  These animals experience pain and suffering in the same way as dogs and cats . As a civilized society it 's our moral obligation to prevent needless cruelty to animals including those raised for food , " said Runkle . North Carolina law states that any person who intentionally wounds , injures , torments or kills any animal could be guilty of committing a misdemeanor or a felony , depending upon the level of infraction as determined by investigators .	An animal rights group says it videotaped purported animal abuse at a turkey farm Sheriff 's investigators launched a search of the farm in North Carolina on Thursday The farm is owned by Butterball , authorities in Hoke County say Butterball says any employee who violates its "  zero tolerance " animal abuse policy will be fired
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek politicians traded insults and accusations following new talks with President Karolos Papoulias to broker a coalition government , an effort that will resume Monday . Papoulias called together the leaders of the three biggest parties Sunday , a week after indecisive elections and three failed attempts to form a government raised the possibility of new elections in the debt-stricken country . His office announced late Sunday that those talks would continue Monday morning . After the meeting , the leader of the radical leftist Syriza coalition said other parties wanted Syriza to be their "  partners in crime , " adding : "  We ca n't do that . " Syriza leader Alexis Tsipras suggested the two other largest parties , New Democracy and PASOK , were going to form a coalition with a smaller group , the Democratic Left . But the Democratic Left issued a statement calling Tsipras 's remarks "  a disgrace , " and accusing him of lying and slandering the smaller party . Europe is keeping a nervous eye on Greece , fearing that the political chaos there could lead to defaults on debt that could threaten the future of the euro . Greek failure -- or refusal -- to make debt payments could hurt banks across Europe . The talks with Papoulias came a week after elections in which angry voters punished mainstream parties by backing a range of fringe groups . Democratic Left leader Fotis Kouvelis held his own meeting with Papoulias late Sunday . So did Nikolaos Michaloliakos , the head of the far-right Golden Dawn party . Michaloliakos emerged from talks saying any new government would need an internationally respected premier with the clout to reject the bailout package the previous government signed , calling the deal "  a crime against our country . " If no government can be cobbled together by May 17 , new elections must be called . They would take place next month . Papoulias said he hoped he could help form a unity government , adding that "  things in Greece are quite difficult " -- but things only looked more difficult after Sunday 's talks . Tsipras , whose party came in second last week on a platform of rejecting the conditions that international lenders have placed on the country , said that New Democracy , PASOK and the Democratic Left could form a majority government without the backing of his party . Polls suggest that Syriza , which came second in voting last week , would come first if another round of elections is held . "  The three parties have 168 seats together . They can go ahead with that . They are pressuring us to participate , and that is an irrational and unprecedented request . They want us to give a fake sense of legalization , " he said . But the Democratic Left said it had not agreed to back a coalition without Syriza , and said of Tsipras : "  His obvious inability to justify his stance should not lead him to slander and lie . This is an unethical political act on his part . " Evangelos Venizelos , leader of the Socialist party PASOK , said after the meeting that his party would do everything possible to form a national unity government , but that they were ready for new elections if necessary . Venizelos had gone to Papoulias on Saturday to admit he could not form a government , making him the third politician in a week to fail to form a coalition . Antonis Samaras , the leader of the center-right New Democracy party , said before the meeting on Sunday that the voters had called for collaboration , change , and staying within the eurozone , the group of 17 European countries that use a common currency . Papoulias met Samaras , Venizelos and Tsipras together on Sunday . The president will hold talks with the leaders of smaller parties later in the day . Independent Greek Party leader Panos Kammenos complained about the way Papoulias was organizing the meetings , saying all party leaders should meet together . The Communist party , meanwhile , called for new elections , saying they will not participate in a coalition government . Four out of five voters said they would vote the same way in a new election , according to a poll published Saturday by the newspaper Kathimerini . Three out of five said they believed new elections would be held soon , and just over half said they were not happy with the results of the vote on May 6 . In a separate poll published Sunday by the newspaper Vima , seven out of 10 people said they wanted the parties to form a coalition government . Syriza would come top if new elections were held , the Vima poll suggested , after coming in second behind New Democracy a week ago . But the results would still lead to a deeply divided parliament , the poll suggested , with no party getting more than 21 % of the vote . In the same poll , six out of 10 voters said Syriza 's plans were not realistic . Party leader Tsipras made a radical speech last week against austerity . The Vima poll appeared to show a fall in support for Syriza since mid-week , when a survey put them first with 28 % of the vote . In Sunday 's poll they had the support of 20.5 % of respondents . A poll by Metron analysis published on Saturday gave them 20.2 % . Syriza came in second in last week 's election with 16.8 % . The party is opposed to the terms of the bailout agreed with the European Union , European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund . The country 's lenders have said that if Greece does not comply with the bailout terms then payments will stop . Deep uncertainty surrounds the political situation in Greece after large numbers of voters in last Sunday 's election backed parties opposed to the country 's bailout deal . Severe austerity measures are required under the terms of the bailout , agreed to by the outgoing coalition government of PASOK and New Democracy . Headlines in Saturday 's papers talk about "  Elections on the Titanic " and "  Opening the door to an exit from the euro . " Greece has been forced to impose punishing austerity measures to get international loans that have kept it from defaulting on debts so far . But last week 's election results were widely seen as a message to politicians to back away from the economic measures , which include policies to cut spending and raise taxes to reduce public debts . Seven parties won seats in parliament , but none captured more than 19 % of the vote , leading to a week of political turmoil . The stakes are potentially huge for the rest of the eurozone , the group of 17 European countries that use the euro as single currency . There is concern that the lack of leadership could jeopardize Greece 's bailout agreement . That could lead to a disorderly default by Greece , which would force the nation out of the eurozone . A default by Greece also could drag down other troubled governments such as Spain and Portugal . The eurozone economy is fragile , and any financial shock could plunge the region into a deep recession , a development that would ripple across the globe . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and Journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : Greek government talks to stretch into Monday Parties on the left trade insults and accusations after talks with the president Socialist leader Venizelos says his party is ready for new elections The results of a new election would be much like the last one , a poll says
CNN  -- The president of one of the world 's most famous football clubs is facing jail after being sentenced for tax evasion . Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness was found guilty by a German court Thursday and sentenced to three years and six months . Hoeness , 62 , admitted to evading    28.4 million  $ 39.6 million  in taxes on income earned in secret Swiss bank accounts . Hoeness was initially charged with evading    3.5 million  $ 4.87 million  but that increased to $ 39.6 million during the trial . State prosecutor Achim von Engel had called for a prison sentence of five-and-a-half years for Hoeness on seven counts of tax evasion . Former Germany international Hoeness , a member of the 1972 European Championship winners and 1974 World Cup winning side , enjoyed a stellar career with Bayern . He won three Bundesliga titles and three European Cups while playing for the German giant . Hoeness will appeal the verdict , his defense lawyer , Hanns Feigen , told reporters outside the court . The notice of appeal must be handed to the Supreme Court in Karlsruhe  the court that will deal with the case  by March 20 .	Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness facing jail for tax evasion Hoeness sentenced to three years and six months 62-year-old will appeal the verdict according to his defense lawyer
USS George Washington , East China Sea  CNN  -- By his own admission , one of the U.S Navy 's top commanders says his Pacific fleet "  gets all the best stuff " when it comes to state-of-the-art weaponry -- an undeniable reflection of President Barack Obama 's so-called pivot towards Asia . The flagship of its 7th fleet , the Nimitz-class USS George Washington aircraft carrier boasts a formidable arsenal ; from the latest FA-18 fighter jets , to anti-submarine helicopters and early-warning surveillance aircraft . Add to this the fleet 's numerous missile destroyers , cruisers and submarines and the statement of intent is clear to see -- Washington is serious about its role in the region . "  It 's a long-term effort for us here , " Fleet commander Vice Admiral Robert L. Thomas , told CNN aboard the giant vessel amid the muffled roar of jet engines from the flight deck directly above . "  From a policy perspective it 's a shift in balance of not only our resources but our thinking across diplomatic , information , economic and military lines to the Pacific . "  But I would offer that the 7th Fleet never left -- we 've been a strong presence here for the past 70 years . We 're slowly shifting from a 50/50 mix in the United States Navy to a 40 % Atlantic , 60 % Pacific mix , " he added , referring to the gradual swing away from traditional areas of operation in the West . ` Most advanced ' weapons "  From a military point of view -- my narrow swim lane of responsibility -- we measure our presence in two ways : capability and capacity . The capacity is coming -- more numbers over time -- but it 's the capability that 's leading the charge here . "  I get the preponderance of Virginia-class warships . I get the front-line submarine deployments out here . The carrier air wing that operates from the George Washington is the most advanced in the U.S. Navy -- and our task force commanders out here get the full support of the ` home office ' in Washington . " In the past few days , these hugely expensive military "  assets " have been deployed on a high-profile combat exercise with an armada of ships from the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force  JMSDF  off the island of Okinawa , playing out a series of scenarios including the defense of Japan and the response to a regional crisis -- timely given China 's increasingly assertive behavior in the region . China looms over U.S.-Japan drills At the same time , China 's own military development has been emphasized by the first deployment of its own aircraft carrier -- The Liaoning . While most analysts would point to it being decades behind its American counterparts technologically -- it 's actually a refitted Soviet-era vessel purchased from the Ukraine in the 1990s -- its very existence is emblematic of Beijing 's growing ambitions . Diverse security threats Yet beyond the waters of the East China Sea , the threats to global stability in recent years have become far more complex and diverse and less likely to be played out on traditional battlegrounds where huge armies or navies face off against each other . The threat has become more asymmetric and complex in nature , with unseen enemies striking in less predictable but equally damaging ways -- something Thomas concedes -- prompting inevitable questions about whether these huge fleets are a worthwhile investment and relevant in this new security landscape . "  The maritime domain in general has got more complex , with the undersea domain a huge part of that with more sophisticated submarines and the emergence of long-endurance , unmanned or remotely operated vehicles , " he said . "  You see it just in oceanographic capabilities . Frankly the way countries globally are using technology in the undersea domain is going to make it a very interesting operational space . So the traditional ` hey I 've got a submarine and I get to play here , ' mindset I think is na  ve . You 're going to have to bring a lot more capability into that operating space to ensure you stay dominant -- economically as well as militarily . "  As to the asymmetric threats , the one thing that can not be counted out is the ability of terrorists to use the maritime domain . It 's not just in close , such as we saw when the USS Cole was attacked  in port in Yemen in 200  , all of a sudden it 's threats to commercial shipping and ` choke ' points . "  Major commercial carriers such as Maersk all have immediate response actions already in place in case the Singapore Strait is cut off or they ca n't use a port due to a weapon of mass destruction . " He said this was a major "  economic game changer " when you consider the cost of shutting down major waterways or ports due to terrorist threats . "  So a lot more thinking has to be done " about how to counter these kind of challenges , he added . The nature of the joint exercises with Japanese forces -- known as AnnualEx 2013 and involving more than 23 ships and 20,000 servicemen and women -- in part acknowledges this , he said , with the fleet deployed on a variety of "  graduate level " missions , from anti-submarine warfare , to defending against hostile incursions against territory . Awesome power Standing on the flight deck of the USS George Washington , the noise of combat jets as they take off and land just meters away generates an incredible vibration that almost lifts you from your feet -- awesome power that is very difficult not to be impressed by whether you 're a journalist or a foreign power . But Thomas seems anything but a man on the verge of using this immense force in anger -- especially against any perceived Chinese threat . U.S. ` advising ' airlines to ` comply ' over disputed zone He said the China 's People 's Liberation Army Navy was becoming a highly professional organization and improving the way they operate and communicate -- and far from being one prone to making rash moves . "  I can tell just by our bridge-to-bridge communications that they 're getting better at it . They 've got a three-ship surface action group coming back from South America . They 've been operating in the Gulf of Aden doing counter-piracy operations . And they 're operating here in the Western Pacific all at the same time . Two years ago it was a big deal if they were able to conduct an exercise in the Philippines Sea for a week , now it 's routine . " From carrier to ` lily pad ' Thomas was also keen to expand on the U.S. Navy 's diversity of operations , most notably their recent humanitarian mission in the Philippines after Super Typhoon Haiyan had flattened much of the eastern parts of the country . Within 48 hours , the carrier and nine other surface vessels had left Hong Kong and arrived in the Philippines Sea to begin carrying our relief operations . Combat aircraft were deliberately flown off the carrier to make room for more helicopters able to deliver badly needed assistance to areas made inaccessible by the typhoon and the subsequent storm surge . Thomas said in many cases , the U.S. Seahawk helicopters were "  first responders " able to relay back previously unknown information about local conditions and the extent of the disaster . "  We transitioned  the carrier  into a vertical lift lily pad for the delivery of food and water supplies , " he said . Critics may point to this being an example of Washington adopting a "  soft power " approach politically in the region at a time when its influence is being challenged by China , though there was little doubting the pride expressed by many of the carrier 's highly-trained and motivated crew in performing such a role in the Leyte Gulf . Relief effort boosts U.S. soft power in Asia region But does serving as a deterrent or performing aid missions with hugely expensive weapons of war justify the vast cost of maintaining such an arsenal ? The use of unmanned drones in other theaters illustrates that massed armies with boots on the ground , tanks and artillery are not necessarily the most effective way of dealing with terrorism or insurgencies with a minimal cost in terms of deaths to combatants . With military expansion seemingly inextricably linked to economic progress , and the exponential growth of armed forces fueled by territorial disputes in the Asia-Pacific region , the large-scale presence of this carrier strike group seems unlikely to change , though the scope of its missions will adapt to meet the increasing diversity of challenges -- both hard and soft . Beijing 's choice : Control or stability ?	U.S. 7th Fleet commander says his fleet gets the preponderance of the latest weapons Vice Admiral Robert L. Thomas says Asia region is now the most important strategically The carrier strike group has been conducting exercises with Japan amid tension with China Thomas concedes threat to security no longer about vast opposing armies and navies
Greece may need to tap its eurozone partners for an extra 10 billion euros in funding as it faces up to a cash shortfall , the country 's finance minister has said . Yannis Stournaras said "  if Greece needs additional support that will be of 10 billion euros , which is a very small amount compared with the previous memorandums . " The comments were in an interview with Greek newspaper Proto Thema Sunday and reported by press agency AMNA . A support package would come "  without new conditions , " Stournaras said , as targets were already in place until 2016 . Further , there would be no haircut on Greek debt , he said . The minister said the country did not yet have the two conditions to return to the bond markets -- a primary surplus and two consecutive trimesters of growth -- but would know by year 's end if that had been achieved or could be next year . Stournaras ' comments follow those made by German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble last week , in which he said Greece would require "  another program " of assistance to help it with debt financing costs . Greece has already had bailouts worth 240 billion euros . A Germany finance ministry spokesman said Schaeuble was referring to a eurozone pledge in late 2012 to consider "  further measures and assistance " for Greece to help it achieve debt targets agreed to as part of the existing bailout program , which is due to end in 2016 . According to a note from Societe Generale economists , Schaeuble had recognized the obvious , "  namely that Greece will need yet another assistance package . " However , German Chancellor Angela Merkel "  will want to keep discussions at bay until after the German election on 22 September , " economist Michala Marcussen wrote . The International Monetary Fund had already recognized a funding gap of around 11 billion euros , Marcussen wrote , and more aid will be "  top of the agenda , " after the election . Further , the note added , Greece "  in our opinion will need official sector debt forgiveness . Without this , we believe the economy will continue to struggle under the debt mountain , condemned to weak growth . " Greece 's struggles come as Europe 's recovery appears to be gaining traction thanks to a revival in activity in Germany , the region 's biggest economy . The 17-nation eurozone emerged from its longest ever recession , growing 0.3 % in the second quarter after 18 months of contraction . However , risks remain . France , the eurozone 's second biggest economy , saw private sector output fall faster in August than July , with both services and manufacturing taking a hit . Unemployment rates have steadied but remain at record highs and will continue to weigh on consumer spending . It could also cause political instability in southern European states such as Greece and Spain . Greece , along with three other eurozone countries -- Portugal , Ireland and Cyprus -- remain dependent on rescue loans from the EU and International Monetary Fund .	Greece may need to tap its eurozone partners for an extra 10 billion euros in funding The country 's finance minister said a new package would come without new conditions Yannis Stournaras ' comments come days after German 's finance minister said the country would need help However , Germany has an election on September 22 and any decision will likely be made after that
CNN  -- The current chaos in Iraq is tragic in almost every way . In retrospect , it is easy to conclude Iraq was not nearly ready enough to assume control of its own security situation when the United States made the decision to withdraw forces in December 2011 . The wisdom of that decision will long be debated , but having made it , the United States is now understandably reluctant to undo it . Even as the Obama administration sorts through a galaxy of unattractive options , none of which is guaranteed to provide stability , it would be well-advised not to overlook one of the biggest strategic lessons of the Iraqi deterioration . That would be the warning signal it provides for another country headed down the same disturbing path : Afghanistan . While Iraq and Afghanistan are of course vastly different in terms of demographics , history and terrain , the parallels emerging between them in terms of security implications and political process are too important to ignore . An extremist militant group rising quickly and taking over large swaths of the country . A government focusing more on retribution and vengeance than reconciliation and governance . And a supposedly well-trained army essentially disintegrating in the face of real conflict . All of these characteristics describe the situation in Iraq , but all may be equally descriptive of Afghanistan in only a few short years . Similar to Iraq , Afghanistan has an ethnic , well-organized and well-funded insurgent group poised to retake significant amounts of territory once U.S. troops leave . There can be no doubt that the Taliban , having seized power once before in Kabul , is only biding its time until it can do so again . Much like the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , the Taliban takes advantage of the limits of federal influence and governs by fear and aggression . It is only a matter of time before the Taliban , newly emboldened by the recent prisoner swap that freed five militants , takes control of southern Afghanistan and challenges Kabul 's authority . Compounding this situation is the shaky and corrupted political process under way , which makes Iraq look like a well-functioning democracy . In a variation of Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki 's sectarian tendencies , outgoing Afghan President Hamid Karzai has done little to unite Afghanistan 's many tribal factions during his 12 years in office , instead often fomenting discontent . While both of the leading presidential candidates have pledged to focus on unity , there is little reason to believe that either will make it a priority . Ominously , one candidate has already boycotted the electoral process before the results of the June 14 run-off election even being announced . As a result , Afghanistan could become even more politically divided than Iraq is today . Perhaps the biggest wild card in Afghanistan 's future is the Afghan National Army . Much like the Iraqi army , the Afghan army will be charged with maintaining the security situation once the United States departs . And much like the Iraqis , the Afghans have been trained by the United States . As we heard in Iraq , the training of the Afghans will be sufficient preparation to defend the country from any threats that may arise . While the Afghans may be courageous soldiers , there have been numerous reports of lackluster performances . So much so that their abilities in actual combat situations remain uncertain . In addition , Afghanistan has never had a real national fighting force , meaning there are few examples and fewer role models for current soldiers to emulate . As a national army , the Afghans came from a much less mature and much less professional starting point than the Iraqis . As illustrated in Iraq , without the right training and leadership , soldiers may not be willing to defend against insurgents , despite an enormous numerical advantage . Given all this , it is not difficult to look at the situation in Iraq and see Afghanistan 's future . Indeed , with a resurgent Taliban , political instability in Kabul , an untested army and if the United States continues with its plan to drawdown forces at the end of 2014 , especially without an agreement in place for the retention of American security personnel , a future similar to Iraq 's may be inevitable . However , unlike Iraq , this bleak Afghan future need not necessarily become reality . The United States still has an opportunity to avoid making the same mistakes it made in Iraq . To accomplish this , the United States needs to redouble its efforts at training the Afghan army to develop it into a legitimate fighting force . It needs to put diplomatic pressure on the new president as soon as he takes office to embark on a unification and reconciliation process . And most important , it needs to plan for a withdrawal based on appropriate benchmarks and conditions , not on a political timetable . Such a change in strategy would undoubtedly be domestically unpopular . But sometimes , unpopularity is a necessary price for avoiding a far worse alternative in the future . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Anish Goel : The dilemma faced by the U.S. with Iraq could happen in Afghanistan He says : A weak Iraqi government with a poorly trained Army faces a fierce insurgency When U.S. troops leave Afghanistan , will government be able to stop Taliban , he asks
CNN  -- Hundreds of Egyptians took part Monday in the funeral of Marwa Sherbini , an Egyptian woman who was stabbed to death last week in the German city of Dresden in a crime believed to be racially motivated . Egyptians take part in the funeral of Marwa Sherbini , who was murdered in Germany last week . Sherbini , 33 , was stabbed to death Wednesday in a courtroom as she prepared to give testimony against a German man of Russian descent whom she had sued for insult and abuse . The man , identified in German media as Alex A. , 28 , was convicted of calling Sherbini , who wore a headscarf , "  terrorist , " "  bitch " and "  Islamist " when she asked him him to leave a swing for her 3-year-old son Mustafa during an August 2008 visit to a children 's park . He was fined and appealed the ruling . The two were in court Wednesday for that appeal when Alex A. attacked , pulling out a knife and stabbing Sherbini 18 times . He also stabbed her husband three times and attacked another person . According to Arab media , police officers tried to intervene to end the fight , and a number of shots were fired . One hit the husband , who fell unconscious and is currently in intensive care in the hospital of Dresden University . Sherbini was three months pregnant at the time of her death . Hundreds attended Sherbini 's funeral in Alexandria , Egypt , her hometown , among them government officials , including Egyptian Manpower Minister Aisha Abdel Hadi and Telecommunications Minister Tariq Kamel , Egyptian media reported . Many shouted hostile slogans against Germany and called for Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to take a firm stand on the incident . Egypt 's grand mufti , Mohammed Sayyed Tantawi , demanded the severest punishment to be issued against Alex A. Berlin witnessed angry protests on Saturday , when hundreds of Arabs and Muslims demonstrated after a funeral prayer that called her killing an outrageous racist murder against Muslims . In a phone call with Al Arabiya , Marwa 's brother , Tariq Sherbini , said , "  Extremism has no religion . My sister was killed simply because she wore the veil . This incident clearly shows that extremism is not limited to one religion or another and it is not exclusively carried out by Muslims . " "  We are only asking for a fair punishment , " he said , adding that his sister was not a radical . "  She was a religious woman who prayed and wore her headscarf , but she was killed because of her belief . " Anger about Sherbini 's death smoldered online , as Twitterers and bloggers pushed the cause . "  She is a victim of hatred and racism , " tweeted Ghada Essawy , among many other Arab twitters and bloggers . Essawy called Sherbini "  the martyr of the veil . " Various videos circulated on YouTube calling on Egypt to take action and urging Germany to address what their makers saw as a new wave of hatred against Arabs and Muslims in its community . One video showed various pictures of a young happy Marwa saying that "  The woman stood up for her rights and she was killed . May God bless her . " The English font in the video presentation asked "  when will Egypt cares for its citizens ' rights inside Egypt and abroad . " Sherbini and her husband moved to Dresden in 2003 , after the husband received a grant to study genetic engineering in the renowned Max Planck Institute . He was scheduled to present his Ph.D. thesis in the coming days . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Sherbini killed in courtroom as she prepared to give testimony against man The man was convicted of calling Sherbini a "  terrorist , " "  bitch " and "  Islamist " Many Egyptians shout hostile slogans against Germany during her funeral
CNN  -- On Tuesday , January 12 2010 , the world watched in horror as Haiti was struck by a catastrophic earthquake . At least 100,000 people lost their lives in the devastation . In the aftermath , many people around the world sent financial aid to help support survivors . But one young entrepreneur was so affected by the tragedy that he sat down at his desk to try to lend his professional skills to future relief efforts . Having watched the disaster unfold on TV , Francisco Aguilar , a graduate from MIT Sloan and the Harvard Kennedy School , began working on a tool that could be used to help in emergency response situations around the world . "  If you remember the 2010 earthquake in Haiti , you saw hundreds of thousands of people buried under the rubble . After an earthquake most people die in the first 48 hours . People who are trapped tend to die in the first 48 hours . And the international rescue teams came with their very sophisticated equipment , and did a fantastic job when they got there ,  but  they did n't get there for 48 hours . And their tools , their fiber optic scopes , and all the kinds of equipment that they have , cost $ 50,000 , and are very hard to use . So , despite their very valiant efforts , they pulled out a few hundred people , but most of the damage was already done , " Aguilar says . The device Aguilar invented is called the Bounce Imaging Explorer -- a small black probe about the size of a baseball , fixed with an array of sensors and cameras that can be thrown or dropped into dangerous environments . "  The initial thought was , how could we create something that was easy to use , that could allow a first responder , or even a volunteer , to easily look inside a space to determine whether it was safe to enter it , to see if there was a victim inside , " Aguilar says . "  And that moved from search and rescue , to police who often face hostage situations : aggressive shooters , or terrorism . To fire fighting applications , where people often want to search different rooms in a complex , before having to enter or decide whether there is a fire or not . So there 's a common problem across first responders of having to decide whether to enter a house or a space . And we are trying to make it cheap and easy to get images while they are out of there . " To develop the product Aguilar partnered with David Young , an entrepreneur who spent four and a half years as a US Army infantry officer . The Bounce Imaging Explorer 's cameras and sensors can quickly take panoramic images after being thrown into an inaccessible space . The impact resistant shell can also house heat sensors , Geiger counters , vibration antennae or smoke detectors to provide different information in different kinds of emergencies , such as natural distasters or SWAT team hostage rescues . The ball then broadcasts its findings back to a mobile device to give users information on whether there are hazards  or indeed survivors  around a corner , or buried beneath fallen debris . The company , Bounce Imaging , won a gold award of $ 50,000 at MassChallenge , and was named one of TIME Magazine 's Best Inventions of the year . Gianfranco Zaccai , CEO of design consultancy Continuum , said : "  I think that the concept is really great in its simplicity ... There 's a lot of potential there , and there 's a lot of potential for doing good with it , because if you think about , the dangerous world that we live in , we need simple , robust , usable ideas that are embedded in great products . " Aguilar hopes to begin producing the Bounce Imaging Explorer next year , and says he aims to keep the cost between $ 500 and $ 1000 .	U.S. graduate Francisco Aguilar invents throwable camera called the Bounce Imaging Explorer The shock absorbent baseball-sized tool can be thrown into hostile situations to assess risk It is a low-cost piece of equipment that could help first responders in developing countries
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least six security personnel were killed and eight members of Sri Lanka 's cricket team hurt -- including two with gunshot wounds -- in an attack Tuesday on the team 's bus by gunmen in Lahore , Pakistan . A video grab shows a suspected gunman near Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore , Pakistan , Tuesday . The Sri Lankan players were traveling to the city 's Gaddafi Stadium for the third day of the second test match against Pakistan at around 9 a.m. local time  11 p.m. ET  when the attack occurred . Video footage showed several gunmen with automatic weapons opening firing on the convoy from a roundabout , Liberty Square , close to the stadium . Police said at least 12 gunmen were involved . Pakistani Information Minister Sherry Rahman told CNN the attackers were still at large . Witnesses described the scene as "  pandemonium . " Images showed police vehicles with their windscreens punctured by bullets and their front seats stained with blood . A body lies in the road in front of one bullet-shattered van . "  I heard two loud explosions outside the stadium and a lot of AK-47 fire , " said Hamish Roberts , a cameraman who was inside the stadium at the time . See a map of where the attack took place " The driver of the bus said a police car and two security vans at the front of the convoy had borne the brunt of the attack . Watch footage of the gunmen staging their attack " Up to eight players , one coach and 10 security staff were reported hurt , with two players suffering bullet wounds . Tharanga Paranavitana , 26 , was hit in the chest while Thilan Samaraweera , 32 , suffered a leg injury , according to Chamra Ranaveera , a Sri Lankan embassy attache . Both men are in a stable condition . Six more players -- team captain Sangakkara , Chaminda Vaas , Ajantha Mendis , Suranga Lakmal , Thilan Thushara and Mahela Jayawardene -- and assistant coach Paul Fabrece were hurt by glass shrapnel . Read profiles of the wounded players " "  This is a very well-planned attack , " security official Nadeem Sayed told CNN . "  The team is very much scared . " Cricket manager Charlie Austin , who represents six of the Sri Lankan squad , said none of the players ' injuries were life-threatening . "  The guys are shocked . They are recovering at the moment , " Austin told CNN . "  Thankfully they 've only suffered minor injuries . They 're keen to leave Pakistan and get back to their families as soon as possible . " Watch Austin describe the mood of the Sri Lankan players after the attack " Sri Lankan Foreign Minister Rohitha Bogollagama said the squad would be flown home to Colombo later Tuesday . Bogollagama is traveling to Pakistan for talks with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani . No group has claimed responsibility for the attack , but Sri Lankan officials have ruled out Tamil separatists , who have been waging a bloody civil war on the Southeast Asian island . Witnesses who saw the attack praised the response of security officials . "  The guards were brilliant . They were n't panicking . They were very calm , " sports producer Gavin Scovell said . "  It must have been a terrifying experience , but they handled it well . " "  Our policemen rose to the occasion and laid down their lives to protect our Sri Lankan guests , " said Pakistan 's President Zardari . Pakistan , which is battling Islamist and Taliban insurgents in its North West Frontier Province , has struggled to attract visiting cricket teams in recent years because of security concerns . Watch how attack strikes at legitimacy of Pakistani government " The current test series with Sri Lanka is the Pakistani team 's first since touring India in 2007 . In 2002 a car bomb exploded outside a hotel where the New Zealand cricket team was staying . Last year Australia canceled a proposed tour in the wake of a series of suicide bombings . The International Cricket Council was also forced to postpone the high-profile ICC Champions Trophy after five of the eight participants pulled out . Pakistan is due to co-host the Cricket World Cup in 2011 with India , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka , although the extent of its involvement in that tournament now appears to be under scrutiny . John Stern , the editor of cricket magazine Wisden , said it was "  not possible " to imagine international cricket taking place in Pakistan in the near future and described the outlook for the sport in the country as "  desperate . " "  Pakistan has been struggling for a while . They had n't played a test match in the entirety of 2008 , " Stern told CNN . "  I do hope the cricket world will rally around Pakistan to find a way for the team to play outside of the country . " He said one possibility was for the team to play its matches in the UK , which has a large Pakistani community . Former Pakistani Waqar Younis bowler said : "  I do n't see the International Cricket Council now allowing the World Cup matches in Pakistan . It 's gone . " "  This has really damaged Pakistan , " former Pakistani cricket player Zahir Abbas told Geo-TV . "  Already some teams did n't want to come to Pakistan . Now who will come after this incident ? " In a statement , ICC Chief Executive Haroon Lorgat said the attack was "  very upsetting for the wider cricket family . " "  We note with dismay and regret the events of this morning in Lahore and we condemn this attack without reservation , " Lorgat said . "  I have confirmed with both member boards that the remainder of the tour has been canceled and we are working hard to get our match officials out of the area as safely and as quickly as possible . " Sri Lanka agreed in December to visit Pakistan after India called off a tour following November 's terror attacks in Mumbai . Indian authorities blamed the attacks on Pakistan-based militants . Pakistan 's Cricket Board had hoped Sri Lanka 's tour would help it recoup some of more than $ 16 million it was set to lose as a result of India 's cancelation . The Sri Lankan offer to tour was a reciprocal gesture . Pakistan was one of two countries that agreed to play in Sri Lanka during the 1996 World Cup tournament after other countries refused to travel there because of security concerns over the country 's civil war with Tamil separatists .	6 security staff dead , several Sri Lankan cricketers hurt in attack in Lahore Team bus was attacked by up to 12 gunmen en route to stadium , police say Gunmen still at large ; no group has claimed responsibility for attack Batsmen Paranavitana , Samaraweera suffered gunshot wounds , Sri Lanka says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Supporters of a congressional resolution that would have declared the Ottoman-era killings of Armenians "  genocide " dropped their call for a vote on the measure Thursday . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said the resolution 's consequences on the war in Iraq would be "  quite dire . " The resolution spurred fierce criticism from NATO ally Turkey , where officials acknowledge the killings of Armenians during World War I but vehemently object to the designation "  genocide . " Turkish leaders threatened to curtail U.S. access to bases vital to supporting the more than 160,000 American troops in Iraq if the measure passed . The Bush administration , which is trying to persuade Turkey not to launch cross-border raids against Kurdish rebels in Iraq , had lobbied aggressively against the resolution as well . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice told a House committee Thursday that the resolution 's consequences on the war in Iraq would be "  quite dire . " The House Foreign Affairs Committee approved the resolution earlier this month . But Rep. Rahm Emanuel , the No. 3 Democrat in the House of Representatives , conceded last week that "  the votes are not there " for the resolution to clear the full House . In a letter to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , its major sponsors wrote that the measure would pass "  if the timing is more favorable . " Pelosi , D-California , had promised to schedule a floor vote if the resolution made it out of committee , but told reporters Thursday that she accepted the sponsors ' request to set the matter aside . Though the sponsors , led by California Democrat Adam Schiff , suggested the measure could be brought back later this year , a senior Democratic leadership aide said the issue is off the table indefinitely . "  This is not going to be taken up until next year at the earliest , " the aide said . Historians estimate about 1.5 million Armenians were killed by the Ottoman Empire -- the predecessor of modern Turkey -- during World War I . But Turkey , now a secular and democratic Muslim nation , and masses of its people reject the term genocide , viewing the deaths as part of a war that claimed lives among all peoples in the region . House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said the handling of the issue raises questions about the judgment of Democratic leaders -- "  a pattern that is undermining our national security . " "  Given Turkey 's importance in the war on terror , the role it plays in the care of our troops on the ground , and their close alliance with us in NATO , attempting to force a vote on this resolution in the first place was just plain reckless , " Boehner said in a written statement after the news emerged . E-mail to a friend	House speaker said Thursday she accepts sponsors ' request to set vote aside Measure would label Ottoman-era killings of Armenians "  genocide " Administration said resolution would hurt relations with Turkey , a key ally
CNN  -- Foreign governments should urgently accept Haitian orphans on humanitarian grounds following this week 's devastating earthquake , an orphanage director in Haiti and adoptive parents said Friday . Emergency visas and passports could help push through adoptions that were stalled after the quake , and would open up beds for children who lost their parents in the disaster , said Dixie Bickel , director of God 's Littlest Angels orphanage just outside Port-au-Prince . Paperwork for adoptions that were under way when the earthquake hit Tuesday night may now be buried in the rubble of collapsed buildings and lost , said Bickel , whose orphanage cares for 152 children , including 84 babies . The government officials who deal with adoption cases may be missing , hurt , or otherwise focused on the disaster , which means the adoptions wo n't go through , she said . "  I would like to see the international community come up with a plan for the children that have been adopted by European , Canadian , and American citizens of how these children can go to their adoptive parents ' countries , either under refugee status or emergency status of some sort , " Bickel told CNN . God 's Littlest Angels is considered one of Haiti 's larger orphanages . Parents who have adopted children through the orphanage are also pressing their governments for emergency action . "  The orphans need to be granted refugee status and allowed to come home to their adoptive parents , " said Allison Garwood of Los Angeles , California , who adopted a boy from GLA and brought him home last year . "  The U.S. needs to not only allow but demand that children be sent to their adoptive families right away . " British citizen Chris Skelton , who arrived in Haiti hours before the earthquake hit to sign paperwork as part of the adoption process , wrote a public letter urging foreign help . "  I can not express the sheer magnitude of the plight that the children of this country have faced , one which will now spiral downwards further with devastating results , " Skelton wrote in the letter . "  The situation is dire -- there will be many more children in need of help , and GLA and other orphanages can not cope with the increased need . " The foreign ministries of Britain , Belgium , and France said they could not immediately respond , but Luxembourg 's Foreign Ministry said it was aware of the issue . "  The Luxembourg authorities are informed of the situation of Miss Bickel and the children at the orphanage God 's Littlest Angels , and our authorities are in touch with the Red Cross and the local authorities to solve the issue , " spokesman Robert Steinmetz told CNN . Bickel said her request is only for those children who have been adopted but who are still in Haiti as their cases go through a lengthy government approval process which can take anywhere from six months to two years . The children 's paperwork may have been in the pipeline but after the quake , the status is now unclear , Bickel said . "  Some of my papers were in the Palace of Justice -- that building is no longer there , " she said . "  Some of my paperwork was in the Ministry of the Interior -- I do n't know if that building is there . I had passports being printed  for the children  . I do n't know if the paperwork is still there . " Bickel said her lawyer told her the country 's top adoptions official , Judge Rock Cadet , was killed when the courthouse collapsed . As long as the adopted children can make it out of the country , Bickel said , the orphanage can ensure the children 's paperwork is completed in Haiti . If the children ca n't leave the country , it will mean orphanages like Bickel 's must turn away any children newly orphaned by the earthquake , she said . "  It leaves me with children in my care who are going to sit here for an additional five , six months at least , " she said . "  It 's going to prevent me from taking in any children that were affected by this disaster . My beds are full . I ca n't take any children in , not unless I put them on the floor or I put two or three children to a bed . "	Orphanage head urges governments to accept Haitian children for adoption Paperwork for many adoptions in process lost in quake , officials say
In his first-ever interview as the Emir of Qatar , Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani defended his country against allegations of funding terrorism and pledged support for the fight against ISIS for the long haul . "  We do n't fund extremists , " the Emir told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday . "  If you talk about certain movements , especially in Syria and Iraq , we all consider them terrorist movement . " "  I know that in America and some countries they look at some movements as terrorist movements . ... But there are differences . There are differences that some countries and some people that any group which comes from Islamic background are terrorists . And we do n't accept that . " It would be a "  big mistake , " he said , to consider every Islamic movement to be "  extremists . " The Qatari government itself has long been criticized for hosting and financing Islamic extremists in Syria and elsewhere ; an Israeli diplomat has even gone so far as to call the country , "  Club Med for terrorists . " Nonetheless , the small , but rich Gulf nation has become a key member of the U.S-led effort to route ISIS in Syria . The country hosts one of the largest American military bases in the Middle East . Qatar , like other coalition countries , will "  stay in it for a while , " the Emir , 34 , told Amanpour . "  We 've been asked by our American friends if we can join , and we did . " Who is the enemy ? There are some crucial differences in Qatar 's approach to the chaos in Syria , and America 's . The Obama administration has said explicitly that while Bashar al-Assad , Syria 's brutal strongman , has lost all legitimacy , he is no longer a priority . Qatar could not disagree more . "  The main cause of all this is the regime in Syria , and this regime should be punished , " the Emir said . "  We 've been saying that from day one , that if we do n't stop the bloodshed in Syria and we do n't stop Bashar committing genocide on his own people , this is where we 're going to reach . " "  Unfortunately , we are in a situation now that the Syrian people , who demanded for their freedom , are between a regime , brutal regime , and terrorist acts . " "  If we think that we 're going to get rid of the terrorist movements and leave those regimes doing what -- this regime especially , doing what he is doing -- then terrorist movements will come back again . " America has now done what President Barack Obama so long wanted to avoid -- intervention in the Syrian war . But it remains very unlikely that he would expand the mission to combat the Assad regime . Would Qatar , Amanpour asked , expand its mission in Syria to do after the regime ? "  Qatar can not do that by itself , of course . If there is a coalition that will help and protect the Syrian people , we will be part of it . " A troubled region Qatar 's relationship with Syria , of course , is from the only the only source of controversy in its foreign policy . During the Arab Spring , many accused Qatar of backing the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and the Qatari-run cable news network Al Jazeera of instigating unrest around the Middle East . The Emir contended that far from playing sides , Qatar backed every Egyptian government since Hosni Mubarak stepped down . He did acknowledge that many members of the Muslim Brotherhood , who have fled Egypt en masse , have been offered shelter in Qatar . "  Many of them left and some of them came to Qatar because they were traveling and they were afraid . " "  Some of them are still there , " he said . "  They know the rules of the country -- that as long as you 're here , you ca n't practice politics against any other Arab country . " Qatar is also a vocal supporter of Hamas , the Palestinian organization , which controls Gaza and which the United States considers a terrorist organization . Amanpour asked whether Qatar would continue its support of Hamas . "  We support all Palestinian people . We believe Hamas is a very important part of the Palestinian people . " "  What is the difference between Hamas 10 years ago and Hamas now ? I believe the difference is that Hamas are more realistic now . They believe in peace and they want peace . But it 's for the other party to believe in peace as well and to be more realistic . " A troubled World Cup Nothing shows Qatar 's desire to have its moment in the sun better than its successful bid to host the World Cup in 2022 . It would be the first Muslim country to do so . The bid has been mired in controversy , amid allegations of bribery and horrific labor conditions for those building the stadiums and infrastructure . Qatar 's scorching summer weather has also been a source of considerable tension ; some have suggested that the tournament should be moved to the winter , though that would wreak havoc on soccer league schedules around the world . "  People should understand that Qatar had the best bid , and Qatar will provide and will do one of the best World Cups in history , " the Emir said . "  And I 'm sure about that . " "  People do n't want to accept , do n't want to realize that a small country , Arab , Muslim country , can host a big event like that . " The International Trade Union Confederation says that well over 1,000 migrant workers have died in Qatar since construction began , and 4,000 could be dead by the time the World Cup starts . "  Yes , it 's true -- we had problems , " the Emir said . "  We 're solving the problems . We 're enforcing the laws -- it 's not acceptable . " "  We changed the laws . They are enforced and there are many laws that have been changed . And I 'm telling you because I am personally hurt about the situation . " When asked by Amanpour , the Emir said that the laws would "  definitely " be enforced , and workers would "  definitely " get paid their fair wage . "  All the media is concentrating on Qatar due to the World Cup , " he said . "  If we have problems I do n't mind the talking about problems . But also we need to talk other -- about other things , about those laws that we did . " In order protect players from the heat of Qatar 's summer , the country is development complex air conditioning systems for its stadiums . "  We have this technology for ten years now and it 's working in ... one of our stadiums . " "  One hundred percent it will be working " for the 2002 Cup , he said . And what of the suggestion that the Cup be moved to winter ? "  Our bid was for it to be in summer , " he said . "  At the end , it 's up to the FIFA to decide when is the best time . " "  We 're ready for both . "	World makes too many generalizations about Islamic movements , he says Sheikh says Qatar is prepared for long fight against ISIS Emir claims his country will be ready to host 2022 World Cup
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More than two dozen guests joined first lady Michelle Obama at the president 's speech to a joint session of Congress Tuesday night . Leonard Abess Jr. was recognized by President Obama during Tuesday 's State of the Nation speech . One person on the first lady 's guest list was Leonard Abess Jr. , a Miami banker who received a $ 60 million bonus from the proceeds from the sale of shares of City National Bank in Florida and gave it out to his 399 workers and 72 former workers . During his speech , President Obama said Abess did n't tell anyone about his generosity , but when the local newspaper found out , Abess simply said , "  I knew some of these people since I was 7 years old . I did n't feel right getting the money myself . " Abess demonstrates the kind of "  responsibility " the president has called for from high-profile financial CEOs , the White House said . Obama contrasted Abess ' story with the greed that he said got the country into the problems it faces now . "  CEOs wo n't be able to use taxpayer money to pad their paychecks , or buy fancy drapes , or disappear on a private jet . Those days are over , " Obama said . Obama also referenced in his speech an eighth-grader who wrote a letter to members of Congress appealing for help in rebuilding her deteriorating school . Ty'Sheoma Bethea , a student at the J.V. Martin Junior High School in Dillon , South Carolina , was invited after a letter she sent lawmakers appealing for help rebuilding her school made its way to President Obama . Obama talked about the school during his first news conference earlier in February as evidence of crumbling schools across the country . Other guests of the first lady Tuesday night included injured Afghanistan veteran Spc. Jonathan N. James , equal pay advocate Lilly Ledbetter and Blake Jones , the co-founder and president of a solar electric company . The president and first lady also invited Vermont Gov. Jim Douglas -- one of the president 's key Republican allies among the nation 's governors in passing the massive $ 787 billion stimulus bill -- and Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland , a key Democratic governor whose state is among the hardest hit by the economic downturn . The practice of inviting guests to sit in the House Gallery is a tradition dating back to 1982 when president Ronald Reagan recognized Lenny Skutnick -- a good Samaritan who pulled a survivor out of the frozen Potomac River in Washington after an Air Florida plane crashed into the 14th Street Bridge . Since then , presidential administrations steadily increased the number of invitees to the first lady box , often including prominent athletes and celebrities , citizen heroes , members of the military , and individuals likely to benefit from policies proposed by the president . It has also become customary for the president to acknowledge a handful of guests sitting in the box during his speech , especially those who have a particularly compelling story or illustrate a point he is trying to make . Earlier Tuesday , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced an expansive guest list of her own , including hero-U.S. Airways pilot Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger and several other crew members of flight 1549 . CNN 's Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	Miami , Florida , banker Leonard Abess gets prime seat at Obama speech Abess received $ 60 million bonus , gave it to employees White House : Abess demonstrates "  responsibility " Obama has called for
London  CNN  -- With its early colonial portraits , depictions of grand historical battles , transcendentalist landscapes and intimate , turn-of-the-century paintings of the elite classes , the collection of American art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York ranks as one of the finest in the world . It also functions as a visual timeline for the events in the nation 's history . "  It 's American history through the eyes of American artists , " said Morrison Heckscher , Chairman of the American Wing at the Metropolitan Museum of Art . "  Most of the major trends , the events of importance in the nation 's history , were addressed by artists in one way or another -- war , Civil War , the environment , all of these things , " he said . Now , the American Wing at the museum has been re-configured for the 21st century and has re-opened to the public following a decade-long renovation program . "  The display of the art is broadly chronological , " said Heckscher , explaining that the re-designed galleries move from early colonial paintings , onto the post-Revolutionary period , the Hudson River School , the Civil War era and finally to the late-nineteenth century paintings of John Singer Sargent and James McNeill Whistler . Hermitage sets up ` mini-museum ' in Madrid 's Prado Also on display are collections of American decorative arts , including furniture , silverware and ceramics . "  We want to treat these different media as works of art on their own -- it 's an effort to have a broader a view of what constitutes art , " said Heckscher . But the jewel in the collection , according to Heckscher , is Emanuel Leutze 's monumental painting Washington Crossing the Delaware , which depicts George Washington crossing an iceberg-strewn river with his troops at a pivotal moment in the revolution . "  It was a major history painting , Leutze had done a series of history paintings that documented and touched on the evolution of the United States as a democratic society , " said curator at the American Wing Elizabeth Mankin Kornhauser . Leutze grew up in America but subsequently moved back to his native Germany , where he painted Washington Crossing the Delaware in 1851 . "  The intention was really to fuel the quest for freedom in Europe and Germany by looking back in time to this great hero of the American Revolution , creating this kind of mythic historical scene , an event that was a turning point in the revolution , " said Kornhauser . It was later taken to America and served as a focal point during the Civil War , Kornhauser said , and has fallen in and out of public favor ever since . Now it takes pride of place in the new galleries . Also on display following a recent acquisition -- obtained just three days before the new wing opened in January -- is a sculpture of Abraham Lincoln by Augustus Saint-Gaudens , a reduction of the one that stands in Lincoln Park in Chicago . "  This is particularly exciting for us because it was originally in the collection of John Hay and John Hay was Lincoln 's private secretary during the Civil War , " said curator Thayer Tolles . Khubiliai Khan 's riches travel to New York 's Metropolitan Museum of Art The sculpture portrays Lincoln deep in thought and looking , according to Thayer , "  as if the weight of the world is on his shoulders . " Though the works in the collection are arranged chronologically , themes emerge throughout -- notably the importance of the environment . Kornhauser describes a painting by Thomas Cole , founder of the landscape-oriented , mid-19th-century Hudson River School , depicting a tourist attraction on the Connecticut River . "  He 's portrayed settled land on the right and wilderness on the left and it 's essentially his manifesto to preserve the wilderness , to not lose sight of the beauty and spiritual importance of the wilderness as we rush to settle the land , " said Kornhauser . "  It 's almost like the beginning of the environmental movement , portrayed in this painting , " she continued . This also comes through in the 1918 bronze sculpture "  End of the Trail , " by James Earle Fraser , which portrays a Native American sat slumped on his exhausted horse and which functions as a metaphor , according to Thayer , "  for the effect of Euro-American settlement on the American West . " What also emerges throughout the collection is the enduring influence of European styles in American art . Through the works , said Tholles , you can see "  an interesting blend of European sophistication and aesthetics with American subjects . " This carries through from the early colonial portraits by British artists , which influenced American painters such as John Singleton Copley , all the way through to Europhile John Singer Sargent . "  What is American art ? " said Heckscher . "  Well , it 's somewhat in the eye of the beholder . "	Newly reopened American Wing at Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York shows American history through art Collection includes iconic paintings of American Revolution and American Civil War until beginning of 20th century Preoccupation with protecting natural environment and use of European styles reflected in the collection Collection now houses new acquisition , a bronze sculpture of Abraham Lincoln
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- It 's not every day that a sheriff 's deputy responds to a call on a water buffalo attack , especially in Florida , where they simply do n't exist . But in the Florida Keys , a man frantically called 911 early Friday after the stuffed water buffalo head hanging on his wall fell on top of him as he slept in his living room recliner . The animal head was so heavy he could n't move it , but he was able to reach his nearby cell phone to call for help , according to deputies with the Monroe County Sheriff 's Office . "  I was just sitting there and watching the news and kabbam , " said Jim Harris , 56 , of Islamorada , Florida . "  Then it had me pinned , and that really sucked , " he told CNN . Sheriff 's deputies removed the buffalo head so that paramedics could attend to Harris . "  It weighed at least a couple hundred pounds , " said firefighter paramedic Kyle Burkel . "  It mostly damaged his pride , " said Burkel . "  He said to me , what are the odds of this happening ? I said , ' "  You were sitting under a buffalo head , so they were probably pretty good . ' " Harris was taken to nearby Mariner 's Hospital where he was treated for minor injuries and sent home to rest -- on his recliner On the 911 calls , Harris is heard shouting out his address . "  I 'm trapped , " he breathlessly tells operators . "  I think a f ------ buffalo fell on me , " he told them . Harris , who owns a water filter company in the Keys , rents the home from a friend . He says he 's getting rid of the water buffalo head . "  I f ------ got my ass kicked by a buffalo , imagine if it was alive , . what they could do . Oh my god , " he said . Today , he says he 's feeling the after effects of his run in with this long dead animal . "  My neck , my shoulder , my back , my face . I feel like i 've been in the ring with Ali , " he said . Firefighter 's say one of Harris ' arms was pinned by the huge head . "  He even had a glass of milk sitting on his night stand , and the only thing he could reach was his phone , " said Burkel . Alive , water buffalo can weigh up to about 2,500 pounds and grow to about 6 feet tall and about nine feet long . Their heads including their horns can be about six feet wide . The gigantic animal is native to south Asia , where some still live in the wild , but some are kept in herds all over the world , mostly for meat or cheese production . "  This is karma , " said Harris . "  Someone shot this thing and now it 's payback , but he got the wrong fella . I did n't shoot him . "	Huge animal head fell from wall , pinning man beneath Harris reached cell phone , called for help Harris treated for minor injuries , but feels like he went a round with the buffalo
Madrid  CNN  -- Unions at Spain 's flagship airline Iberia began a second week of strikes on Monday , with 1,300 flights canceled and most passengers re-assigned to other flights . Iberia and three smaller airlines that it provides with ground services -- Iberia Express , Vueling and Air Nostrum -- have been impacted by the action , an Iberia spokesman said . Cabin crews , pilots and ground staff are protesting Iberia 's plans for 3,800 layoffs , about 19 percent of the staff , and salary cuts for the remaining workers . Iberia , which merged with British Airlines in 2011 , has been trying to reduce its losses , which exceeded $ 350 million last year . The strike began February 18 , running from Monday to Friday , and Iberia said it lost about $ 19 million that week . It expects to lose another $ 19 million during the second week of industrial action . A third week of strike is set to start on March 18 . Iberia says it has relocated 38,000 passengers to other flights this week , and is issuing refunds for another 2,000 passengers affected by the disruption . Negotiations between the airline and the unions have stalled , despite Spanish government pressure and the appointment of a mediator . Unions are now threatening to extend the strike to the lucrative Easter Week , which they had previously said would be off limits . Read more : Welcome to Madrid , city of protests "  There could be a strike during Easter Week and there could be an indefinite strike every Monday and Friday , " Manuel Atienza , of the General Workers Union  UGT  , told CNN on Monday . "  Those are among the possibilities being considered . " The Iberia spokesman , who by custom is not named , said just the threat of an Easter Week strike could cause flight and hotel cancellations in Spain 's key tourism sector , which is already suffering from the nation 's recession and economic crisis . On February 18 , the first day of the first strike , five people were arrested for going beyond a police line at Madrid 's Barajas airport , the government said . Since then , the police presence has been increased at the airport 's Terminal 4 , where Iberia and British Airways flights are based . A protest was planned there for later Monday . Unions have criticized the downsizing of Iberia , which has already seen the elimination of flights from Madrid to Athens , Cairo and Istanbul . In April , Iberia will stop flying from Madrid to Havana , Santo Domingo , Montevideo and San Juan de Puerto Rico . Unions say that Iberia has been suffering since 2011 , as the junior partner in the merger , while majority shareholder British Airways has expanded . Union leaders say the strikes are the biggest in Iberia 's history , because they are the first time that all three units -- pilots , cabin crews and ground personnel -- have joined forces , and the first time so many days of action have been announced at one time .	Workers at Spain 's Iberia airline join forces for second week of strikes Pilots , cabin crew and ground staff are protesting at plans for 3,800 layoffs and pay cuts Airline forced to cancel 1,300 flights , moving 38,000 passengers to other flights Unions plan to hold a third week of strikes , and threaten to extend action into key Easter week
CNN  -- Bill Clinton 's speech accepting the Democratic nomination for president in 1992 went through 22 drafts . But from the first to the last , he insisted on including a call to service . America was mired in a recession . The deficit was high , and confidence was low . But the young governor of Arkansas was determined to try to inspire a new generation of young people the way President John F. Kennedy had inspired him . "  Just think of it , " he told the nation . "  Think of it . Millions of energetic young men and women serving their country by policing the streets or teaching the children or caring for the sick . Or working with the elderly and people with disabilities . Or helping young people to stay off drugs and out of gangs , giving us all a sense of new hope and limitless possibilities . " Through persistent , bipartisan effort , that dream became law 20 years ago this week . Nearly a million Americans have spent 1.2 billion hours serving their country , their community , their neighbors in AmeriCorps . They helped mend hearts after September 11 . They helped mend communities after Katrina . Today , they help children from broken homes and veterans with no homes . They have taught countless kids , comforted countless seniors , touched countless lives . Chad Clanton was in the first class of AmeriCorps volunteers . An idealistic kid from Waco , Texas , Clanton had just graduated from the University of Texas . He joined VISTA  Volunteers in Service to America  and was soon building houses for -- and with -- the poor in San Antonio . "  It really was one of the greatest experiences I 've ever had , " he said . "  I just met the most wonderful people . And all kinds of people : hippies , yuppies , cowboys , church people , corporate executives , plumbers , electricians , rich , poor , you name it . Everyone was out there because they wanted to do something -- swing a hammer , hang some Sheetrock , paint a fence -- to chip away at the problem of poverty housing . " Clanton went on to become a successful international political consultant , advising politicians across the country and around the world , but he says those days sweating in the South Texas sun was the best job he ever had . Ely Flores did not come to AmeriCorps wanting to save the world . He was sent there by a criminal justice system that was trying to save him . "  At 17 years old , I was at a crossroads , " he said of his youth in Hollywood and South Central Los Angeles . "  I had a choice . Either I was going to continue the lifestyle that had forced me into community service or choose an AmeriCorps program called YouthBuild . My year in AmeriCorps with YouthBuild not only helped put my education back on track , put money in my pocket and ultimately helped me shape the foundation of social justice I stand on , but it completely transformed my view of service . " Ely helps young people affected by the incarceration of family members . He has rebuilt homes and schools and lives . When asked his occupation , he proudly says , "  community builder . " He has earned his undergraduate degree , is looking to get a masters and is organizing LEAD , Leadership through Empowerment , Action , and Dialogue , which seeks to breathe new life into Lincoln Heights , Los Angeles ' oldest -- but far from wealthiest -- neighborhood . There are 900,000 Floreses and Clantons . They have created ripples of hope that will continue to radiate out into the lives of millions of people . Surely , that is something to celebrate . When President Obama stands on the South Lawn of the White House on Friday to swear in new volunteers , he will almost certainly look back on two decades of getting things done . But he will also , I hope , focus on all there is yet to do . There is a growing movement to take national service to the next level , to make a year of service a rite of passage for every American who wants to serve . Retired Gen. Stanley McChrystal , who was America 's top commander on the battlefields of Afghanistan , has a new mission : "  All young Americans should have the opportunity and feel the responsibility to serve their country , " he wrote this summer in Politico . "  We need to create a culture in which at least a year of service is culturally expected , if not quite mandatory by law . " Just as the members of the Greatest Generation were bound together by their common service in the second World War and just as Vietnam vets have a kinship that crosses partisan lines , so too should today 's young people . So on this 20th anniversary of AmeriCorps , let 's pause a moment to thank the Man From Hope for giving us all a sense of new hope and limitless possibilities .	Paul Begala : Bill Clinton was determined to include a call to service during his administration AmeriCorps started 20 years ago with bipartisan support to let young people serve , he says Nearly a million have joined ; helped in 9/11 , Katrina , with veterans , the old , poor , children Begala : As Obama swears in new volunteers , we should thank Clinton for AmeriCorps
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Once he roamed the streets , moving from shelter to shelter . Now , Oliver Gomes rubs shoulders with Washington 's elite . Oliver Gomes says working in the halls of Congress gave him the motivation and money to get off the streets . Squatting next to a white wall outside a Senate hearing room recently with a cell phone glued to his ear , Gomes is being paid to hold a place in line for a lobbyist at a hearing on the climate-change bill . Gomes -- 6 feet tall , with long curly hair pulled back , wearing a polo shirt and shorts -- is one of the contracted men and women holding places in line for this hearing . Many have been waiting since midnight to ensure their clients a seat . By 9 a.m. , more than 100 people are lined up for the hearing . Only 10 seats are available to the public , and the first 10 spots are held by line-standers . The rest are shut out . Though the practice is controversial , Gomes said it has lifted him from life on the street . "  Sitting in the halls of Congress made me feel a little better , " he said . "  It elevated me and made me feel like , well , you know , maybe I do belong here , maybe I can contribute even at that little minute level . " Watch Gomes tell his story " As the need for couriers on Capitol Hill declined with e-mail and fax , courier services like Quick Messenger Service of DC , Inc. have added the service of contracting men and women to hold places in line for lobbyists at hearings . The seats are valuable to lobbyists because the hearing is often their only face time with legislators . For big hearings with limited availability , line-standers may wait 20 to 30 hours . They 're paid anywhere from $ 11 to $ 35 an hour . Gomes was living in a shelter when he started line-standing . He said working in the halls of Congress gave him the motivation and money he needed to get off the streets . He now makes extra money by recruiting men for the line-standing services from the homeless shelters where he used to stay . "  When I was down and out and I was on the Hill and I had that little bit of hope that while I was actually here , it gave me the incentive to dress a little better , more professional , " Gomes said . Many of the contracted line-standers are homeless or formerly homeless like Gomes . Williams Howard Johnson Jr. , one of Gomes ' recruits , found his bright yellow button-down shirt , green patterned tie , and slacks at a donation center because he wanted to dress well for his job . "  That comes from being a part of something that 's really meaningful to not only me but to society , " Johnson said . Johnson was among those who had been in line since midnight for the 10 a.m. climate-change bill hearing , but he said he was happy to be there . "  I 'm a part of something today and I 'm very happy about that , " Johnson said . Although Johnson and Gomes are glad to have a job and a feeling of importance on Capitol Hill , many people are opposed to the practice of hiring line-standers . Kalen Pruss , a fellow at the Internet environmental group avaaz.org , and her group of cheering green T-shirted environmentalists were shut out of the hearing . "  It 's very unfortunate that the people who come here to line-stand always beat us here cause they can stand here all night , " Pruss said . John Winslow , director of linestanding.com , said the committees might be creating the lines by limiting the number of seats for the public in the hearing rooms . At this hearing , some of his clients that paid for line-standers to wait at midnight were not able to get into the hearing . "  It 's really a question of logistics , how many people does the committee want to service , " Winslow said . "  And it seems like overwhelmingly they try to limit the number of people who attend these hearings and that just drives up demand artificially . " Critics see the practice as just another way lobbyists are buying influence on Capitol Hill . In 2007 , Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri introduced legislation to ban the practice of line-standing . "  I have no problem with lobbyists being in hearings , but they should n't be able to buy a seat , " McCaskill said . "  It seems to me that if we are going to make sure lobbyists are n't buying meals for senators , and we are going to make sure lobbyists are n't buying elected officials gifts , then we ought to make sure they are n't buying seating at a public hearing . " Maria Foscarinis , an advocate for the homeless , thinks it 's ironic that some of the most powerful people in the country are using some of the most vulnerable to hold a place in line for them . "  They 're likely to be standing in line for people who well may be opposed to universal health care that would be a benefit for poor and homeless people , " Foscarinis said . "  And yet they may be standing there for the purpose of access for the interests that are opposed to their own . "	Contracted line-holders stand for hours to ensure their clients get seats Seats at hearings often only chance for lobbyists to get face time with legislators Line-standers , some homeless , are paid anywhere from $ 11 to $ 35 an hour Critics see practice as another way lobbyists are buying influence on Capitol Hill
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Top flight golf is a high-stakes , high-stress sport -- but it 's not just the pros who are feeling the strain . Stress can affect golfers of all abilities . Swede Robert Karlsson returned from a four-month layoff recently with an eye condition that 's thought to be stress-related , while England 's Ian Poulter defended his decision not to play in the Vivendi Trophy by saying that he wanted to avoid fatigue -- mental as well as physical . While professional sport is bound to have its pressures , recreational golf is usually regarded as a way to unwind and relieve stress . But it seems that weekend players are having to deal with anxieties of their own . Victor Thompson , a London-based sports psychologist , told CNN that golf is a much more psychological sport than most . "  It can be particularly stressful because , unlike team sports , you very much have the spotlight on you while you 're playing , " he said . "  You 've got a lot of time between your shots for you to think , time for other people to watch you and time for you to think about what people will think of you if you do n't play well . " That does n't just apply when there 's an audience of millions watching on TV -- it 's just as true when you 're playing at your local municipal course with your friends . "  It can actually be tougher playing against your mates and people you know because they can ridicule you or laugh at you , or you might worry about disappointing them if you 're playing on their team , " said Thompson . That would appear to be borne out by a 2004 study on the moods of older recreational golfers . The subjects reported being no happier or calmer after playing golf -- in fact , they reported feeling more angry and depressed . One of the researchers , Haydn Jarrett , senior lecturer in sport and exercise science at the University of Worcester , told CNN that the study also showed that golfers reported feeling more fatigued and less vigorous after playing golf , as most players walked an average 10.2 km during a game . Jarrett 's study was carried out on "  senior " golfers , with an average age of 68 , but he said the findings on mood change tied in with other studies carried out on younger recreational golfers . "  Golf does appear to be stressful for recreational players , " he told CNN . "  If we wanted golfers to enjoy it more fully it might be nice to engage with golfers and bring potential negative moods to their attention . " While those negative feelings probably do n't last for long , they can have disastrous effects on your golf . Thompson says negative thoughts on the golf course can make you tense and frustrated , giving you an adrenaline rush that can affect your swing and timing . As you start dropping shots you can overanalyze your game , which just make things worse . The secret of dealing with golf stress is to get on top of your thoughts , says Thompson . Rather than thinking in terms of how badly you 're playing or what other people will think of you , you need to realize that your emotions are getting the better of you and that anxiety is the problem , not your technique . So with all that stress , could playing golf actually be bad for you ? "  If you 're beating yourself up emotionally and getting angry that 's not very good for your health , " said Thompson . "  But it 's all a matter of attitude . Somebody might go out and enjoy it , see it as a chance to get away from work , have a nice stroll and catch up with their mates . " And Jarrett has encouraging news when it comes to golf and health . He has carried out unpublished work showing that a round of golf can give a significant reduction in blood pressure . "  My gut feeling is that golf is incredibly positive for health , " he told CNN . "  The positives of the distance walked , the heart-rate increase and the blood-pressure suppression will outweigh any negative mood states . But it might be that we need to recognize that mood profiles can go down and mediate against that . "	Golf is especially stressful , says sports psychologist Victor Thompson Thompson says that it can be even tougher playing with your friends Study shows recreational golfers feel more angry and depressed after playing Stress may be bad for you , but golf can still be good for your health
Former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice has won his appeal of his indefinite suspension by the NFL for violating its domestic violence policy , the players union said Friday . "  The suspension has been vacated , " George Atallah , the assistant executive director of external affairs for the players ' union , said . Rice issued a written statement thanking his supporters , "  most importantly , my wife Janay . " "  I made an inexcusable mistake and accept full responsibility for my actions , " Rice said , referring to two disturbing videos that show him knocking out his now-wife , Janay Rice , on an elevator in a casino in Atlantic City on February 15 . "  I am thankful that there was a proper appeals process in place to address this issue . " He said he will continue to work hard to improve himself and learn from his mistakes . Former U.S. District Judge Barbara Jones , a neutral arbitrator , presided over Rice 's appeal hearing in New York earlier this month . Her decision means Rice is immediately able to play but any team will have to consider the consequences of signing someone whose domestic-violence case has been so public . Judge : Second suspension was ` arbitrary ' In September , hours after the Ravens cut Rice , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell lengthened Rice 's suspension from two games to an indefinite period . "  Because Rice did not mislead the commissioner and because there were no new facts on which the commissioner could base his increased suspension , I find that the imposition of the indefinite suspension was arbitrary . I therefore vacate the second penalty imposed on Rice , " Jones wrote in her decision . She said the case was n't about the number of games that Rice was suspended but the need for Goodell to be "  fair and consistent " in its discipline . "  Following the release of the inside-the-elevator video , which prompted a new round of criticism , the league suspended Rice indefinitely . Now , the league argues that Commissioner Goodell was justified in imposing the second discipline because Rice had misled him and because the video demonstrated a level of violence that he had not understood . "  I have found that Rice did not mislead the commissioner . Moreover , any failure on the part of the League to understand the level of violence was not due to Rice 's description of the event , but to the inadequacy of words to convey the seriousness of domestic violence . That the league did not realize the severity of the conduct without a visual record also speaks to their admitted failure in the past to sanction this type of conduct more severely . " League : We respect decision In August , after outrage over Rice 's initial two-game suspension , Goodell announced a new league policy for domestic violence and other assaults . First-time offenders would be suspended at least six games and a second offense would draw a lifetime ban . But he did n't alter Rice 's punishment at that time . Provisions of the initial suspension -- which include counseling , not getting in legal trouble again and not getting in trouble with the NFL again -- still stand , she wrote . The two-game suspension would have ended in September . A spokesman for the NFL , Greg Aiello , said the league respects the decision . It is questionable that Rice will return to the field this season . "  If a team wanted to sign him and put him on the field that could happen but we 're not expecting that to occur any time soon , " CNN 's Rachel Nichols said . "  If you 're a team that needs a running back , are you going to sign Ray Rice knowing the backlash against him , knowing how people in the public feel about it ? " Still , winning is the most important thing in the NFL , she said , and there is a possibility Rice could get a new contract if a new team thought he could help it win games . The NFL said the league is working to implement a new personal conduct policy in the wake of the ruling . "  Judge Jones ' ruling underscores the urgency of our work to develop and implement a clear , fair and comprehensive new personal conduct policy , " said Brian McCarthy , the NFL vice president of communications . "  We expect this policy to be completed and announced in the weeks ahead . Our focus is on consistently enforcing an improved policy going forward . " Janay Rice speaks TMZ Sports obtained two videos from the footage taken from surveillance cameras of the altercation with Janay Rice in Atlantic City . It posted the first one , which showed Rice dragging Janay Rice -- limp and face down -- out of the elevator , shortly after the incident . The in-elevator video showing the violent punch was put online September 8 , the same day Rice was released and suspended . In a first-person piece published on ESPN.com , Janay Rice said her husband understands violence is unacceptable . "  Ray told the truth and has fully accepted responsibility for his actions , which allowed us to work together at improving ourselves and get to the better place we are today , " she said . She admitted she has a hard time being called a victim . "  I know there are so many different opinions out there about me -- that I 'm weak , that I 'm making excuses and covering up abuse -- and that some people question my motives for staying with Ray , " she wrote . "  However , I 'm a strong woman and I come from a strong family . " The Rices also were interview by NBC , portions of which will be aired Monday and Tuesday . Janay Rice told the network that she was furious at first but knew that the relationship -- she was his fiancee at the time -- was n't over . Rice 's future not with Ravens Rice , 27 , is currently a free agent . He was a three-time Pro Bowl selection in eight seasons and played on the Baltimore Ravens ' Super Bowl championship team in 2012 season . "  We are aware of the ruling . Our owner has already stated that we will not resign him , " the Ravens said in a statement . In March , a grand jury indicted Ray Rice on a charge of third-degree aggravated assault , and a simple assault charge against Janay Rice was dropped . The couple were married the next day . Ray Rice pleaded not guilty to aggravated assault and applied to a program for first-time offenders that could clear him of charges in one year . Terry O'Neill , the president of the National Organization of Women , said the NFL needs for two things to happen : For Goodell to resign and for the league to examine thoroughly how it handles domestic violence cases . Another women 's rights group , UltraViolet , said the case is another failure of the NFL to take domestic violence seriously . "  The problem here is the NFL 's long history of sweeping abuse under the rug , " co-founder Nita Chaudhary said .	Rice 's wife tells NBC she was angry but knew she would stay with the player Rice says he made "  inexcusable mistake " Judge writes that Rice should n't have had suspension increased because he did n't lie to NFL NFL says it respects decision by third-party arbitrator
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The pilot aboard U.S. Airways Flight 1549 came over the speaker system and told passengers "  brace for impact . " One passenger turned on his cell phone so his body could be found with its GPS tracking . Others reflected on their lives . iReporter Julie Pukelis used a camera and a telescope to get this view of the crash scene on the Hudson River . Survivors said it was about 20 seconds later when the plane struck the water of the Hudson River on Thursday afternoon . Each of them lauded the heroics of the pilot , Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger III . Here are survivor accounts in their own words : Watch message to pilot : "  I 'll buy you a beer " " Vince Spera "  He 's the man ! He 's absolutely the man . ... If you want to talk to a hero , get ahold of him because that is the hero in this whole deal . " Spera described "  the moment of impact " : "  Have you ever been in a speedboat and hit some wake ? That 's what it felt like , when you go over the wake and you hit the water again . ... It was n't that bad of an impact , which was strange . And then after that , there was n't a lot of yelling and screaming . It was fairly orderly getting off the plane . " Valerie Collins As the pilot announced the plane was going down , Collins grabbed her cell phone . "  I grabbed my phone and turned it on and got my husband 's name and texted him , ` My flight is crashing , ' because I wanted him to know I was thinking of him and , also , I did n't want there to be this , if it did turn out terrible , a time where he was trying to figure out if I was on there or not . " Collins described trying to exit from the back of the plane and the problems a flight attendant had . "  She had tried to open both of the back doors and could n't get them open because of the water pressure . But they were open enough that the water was flowing in . And all of a sudden , she said , ` We 're in the water , go to the wings . ' And she looked at me and she said , ` We have two minutes . ' " Andrew Jamison "  God was certainly looking out for all of us . " Watch one describe how "  the engine blew " " Brad Wentzell Wentzell cried when talking about returning home to snuggle with his young daughter . "  When I get home , I am going to take my nose and put it by her ear , her little warm body and give her a nice kiss from Daddy . I 'm alive . That 's it . I do n't have much else to say . " "  We have a second chance in life . " See photos of the "  Miracle on the Hudson " " Carl Bazariane "  We were all looking to see how we were gon na die . It was really strange . " On the crash landing , he said , "  Usually in moments like that , you would expect chaos . It got really quiet and nobody said a word . There was a child crying . That was about it . That was understandable . " Joe Hart He said passengers did n't panic on the plane . It was only after the crash when things got chaotic , he said . "  It 's when we got outside and in the cold water . And I mean the water was cold . Within seconds , my legs were numb , standing in the cold water . " See a map of where the plane went down " "  We 're just happy to be around . We 're just happy to be around . " Jeff Kolodjay "  The plane started filling with water pretty quick . ... It was scary . There was a lady with her baby on my left-hand shoulder , and she was crawling over the seats . " Alberto Panero On the "  brace for impact " moment : "  That 's the only thing that was said . I guess that 's probably a better thing so that people did n't panic . But at the time , he said it so calmly . From that point until we hit the water , it was pretty quick . " He said he turned on his cell phone before impact so that his body could be found via GPS . Panero added , "  We just hit , and somehow the plane stayed afloat , and we were able to get on the raft . It 's just incredible right now that everybody 's still alive . " Fred Berretta "  I think a lot of people started praying and just collecting themselves , " Berretta said . "  It was quite stunning . " He said he was expecting the plane to flip over and break apart , but it did n't . "  It was a great landing , " he said .	NEW : Passenger Valerie Collins says a back exit would n't open and water rushed in Passengers aboard U.S. Airways Flight 1549 hail the pilot for his heroics Passenger Carl Bazariane : "  We were all looking to see how we were gon na die " "  We have a second chance in life , " Brad Wentzell says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Attorneys for a "  high-value " terror suspect who says he was tortured while being held at secret CIA prisons have requested that a judge bar the agency from destroying evidence of the alleged torture . One of 14 "  high-value " detainees held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , alleges he was tortured . The motion , filed by the Center for Constitutional Rights attorneys on behalf of Majid Khan -- who is being held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba -- is dated November 29 . That is a week before CIA Director Michael Hayden acknowledged the agency destroyed videotapes it made in 2002 of interrogations of al Qaeda suspects using newly approved "  alternative " interrogation techniques . Khan -- a native of Pakistan who attended high school in Baltimore -- was held for more than three years at the secret CIA prisons and "  subjected to an aggressive CIA detention and interrogation program notable for its elaborate planning and ruthless application of torture , " attorney Gitanjali S. Gutierrez claims in the court documents . Details of Khan 's torture claims are redacted in the filing -- a whole page is blacked out -- but Khan 's attorneys say he suffers "  severe physical and psychological trauma from which he is unlikely ever to recover fully " as a result of his ordeal . Asked about Khan 's claims , CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano told CNN , "  CIA 's terrorist interrogation effort has always been small , carefully run , lawful and highly productive . Fewer than 100 hardened terrorists have gone through the program since it began in 2002 , and of those , less than a third required any special methods of questioning . The United States does not conduct or condone torture . " Khan 's attorneys claim he was taken into custody in 2003 and "  forcibly disappeared " before his transfer to Guantanamo , "  where he remains imprisoned without charge or trial . " He filed a legal challenge to his detention in September 2006 and appeared before a Combatant Status Review Tribunal in April , the court documents said . He was found to have been properly detained as an enemy combatant , but filed a challenge to that on August 14 . He was not allowed to meet with an attorney , however , until October , the document said . The Bush administration contends Khan was an operative working for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , mastermind of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Khan researched how to blow up gas stations and poison reservoirs in the United States , the administration has said . He is among 14 "  high-value " detainees held at Guantanamo . Gutierrez and another CCR attorney , Wells Dixon , also released declassified notes of their meetings with Khan , saying he has been on hunger strikes while in Guantanamo , is "  painfully thin and pale " and suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder . In detention , he has been able to communicate with Abu Zubayda , an alleged lieutenant for Osama bin Laden , they said in the notes . A government official with knowledge of the destroyed CIA tapes has said that Zubayda was one of the two al Qaeda suspects whose interrogations were videotaped . While undergoing interrogation and torture by the CIA , "  Khan admitted anything his interrogators demanded of him , regardless of the truth , in order to end his suffering , " the documents said . Without a court order requiring the preservation of evidence , "  there is substantial risk that the torture evidence will disappear " and that may affect the challenge to his detention , the attorneys claim . The motion was filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit . Hayden has said the CIA stopped videotaping in 2002 , while Khan was not taken into custody until the following year . "  The careful , professional and lawful questioning of hardened terrorists has produced thousands of intelligence reports , revealed exceptionally valuable insights on al Qaeda 's operations and organization , foiled terrorist plots and saved innocent lives , " Gimigliano said . "  The information developed by the detention and interrogation program has been irreplaceable , and the program has operated in strict accord with American law . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Gary Nurenberg contributed to this report .	Majid Khan 's attorneys say he endured an "  aggressive " interrogation program Khan 's allegations of torture redacted in court documents Bush administration : Khan worked for 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed CIA : The United States does not conduct or condone torture
CNN  -- There 's something lurking in the depths of Loch Ness , Scotland and it has nothing to do with monsters . Footage from the Loch Ness submarine search showing two golf balls submerged in silt . On a recent expedition to try and find evidence of the Loch Ness monster , U.S. research teams came across something quite unexpected -- not a prehistoric creature of the deep but thousands of plastic covered golf balls . Mike O'Brien of SeaTrepid explains : "  At first we thought they were mushrooms , there were so many . But when we lowered the camera , we were surprised to see that they were in fact , golf balls . " The smattering of balls were found roughly 300 yards from the beach and 100 yards from the shore where it is thought locals and visitors have been using the loch to practice their driving skills for quite some time . One witness , conservationist Adrian Shine , told CNN he had seen locals launching balls almost 300 feet into the waters . Watch a video of balls being found at the bottom of Loch Ness . " However , Shine does n't believe this to be an environmental threat : "  Certainly it 's undesirable , but I do n't think it will have a significant environmental impact on the loch . " It seems missing and discarded golf balls may not be bad news for all concerned . David Roston has built a career out of wading through rivers and diving in lakes to collect and re-sell discarded golf balls . His online company www.lakeballs.co.uk have been retailing "  lake balls " for almost 10 years , but even his powers of retrieval would be challenged by the monstrous task of recovering balls from the bottom of the loch . "  I 've dived in various lakes and found 10 to 15 thousand golf balls at a time , it 's incredible -- but we 've never attempted to clear a loch ! " Bobbing along at a depth of 754 feet , it is unlikely these balls of Loch Ness will ever see the light of day again . To watch the remarkable footage shot by the SeaTrepid underwater robotics team , click on the link to see the "  Outland 1000 " in action .	Thousands of golf balls have been found at the bottom of Loch Ness Golf balls found 300 yards from beach and 100 yards from the shore Conservationists say the golf balls are not an environmental threat
Coastal Living  -- The Little Dipper 's seven patio tables overlook a twinkling Caribbean . Tonight , the chef -- who 's also waiter and hostess -- prepares Creole fish with vegetables . Although the small restaurant is one of the best in Grenada , it 's the vista that stands out . Founded in the late 17th century , the capital city of St. George 's sits on the island 's southwest coast . Sailboats sway at anchor on Clarkes Court Bay , and lights blink on against dark green hills . The island 's hidden treasure is its views -- and not just from quaint seaside cafs . Take the nearby resort of Laluna , on Portici Bay . With 16 hillside cottages huddled around a private cove beach , it overflows with scenic panoramas . Founded by a former fashion consultant from Italy , Laluna is chic , but not pretentious -- a stylish retreat on one of the Caribbean 's quietest islands . Eco-inspired rooms feature fabric-draped four-poster beds from Bali , individual plunge pools , and bamboo-topped verandas . The most distant cottage sits 150 feet from the beach , making the resort a barefoot , lounging kind of place . Ultracasual dress code aside , Laluna takes meals seriously . Dinner comes prepared by an Italian chef who mingles his home country 's techniques with Caribbean flavors . You can start with octopus salad with potatoes and chickpeas , then make your way down the menu to pappardelle with a nutmeg cream sauce . It wo n't be the last time you see nutmeg on a menu here . Grenada provides a third of the world 's supply of the spice , which can be sampled as a powder , syrup , or jam . Almost every visitor brings some home , usually in a small basket also packed with cloves , cinnamon , mace , bay leaves , and ginger . The country may not claim flashy casinos or high-rise resorts , but Grenada grows more spices per square mile than any other place on the globe . Coastal Living : The other Caribbean It takes a lush climate , such as the rain forest at Grenada 's center , to produce these flavors . Grand Etang National Park preserves the island 's tropical flora and fauna . Visitors can book guides to lead them through terraced banana farms and forests of giant gommier trees , teak , and wild orchids . From a mountain peak , 90 percent of the island is visible , vivid green after a midday rain . As one might expect , the cities here move at a sleepy , island pace . But the township of Gouyave on Grenada 's western coast jumps to life on Fish Fridays , which are part street-food festival , part outdoor concert , and part extended-family gathering . Beginning late afternoon , the fishing village 's streets and side passages fill with tables of seafood . Vendors sell sample-size servings of everything from lobster to jerked marlin to deep-fried fish cakes . Music lifts the spirit , as do the enthusiastic greetings of friends and relatives . Visitors to Gouyave are a little reluctant to leave . But eventually they 'll head back to Laluna , along a cliffside road illuminated by stars on a cloudless night -- yet another unforgettable view . Island Info Laluna 's cliffside cottages start at $ 390 . Rates do not include meals , but all snorkeling and kayaking is included ; 866/452 -5862 or laluna.com . Guided hikes from Henry 's Safari Tours cost $ 40 to $ 55 per person . Denis Henry offers trips tailored to your experience level . His taxi tours are also the best on the island ; 347/721 -9271 or henrysafari.com . Reservations at Little Dipper on Clarkes Court Bay in Woburn can be made through Laluna , or by calling 473/444 -5136 . From Laluna , a round-trip taxi to Fish Fridays in Gouyave costs roughly $ 100 . Food at the festival will run between $ 15 and $ 20 per person . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright  Coastal Living , 2009	Grenada provides a third of the world 's supply of nutmeg The casual , quiet island offers a wealth of spectacular views The township of Gouyave jumps to life on Fish Fridays
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russia 's new president Dmitry Medvedev wasted no time in knuckling down to work -- naming his predecessor Vladimir Putin as his new prime minister two hours after he was sworn in . Two months after winning the election , Medvedev , 42 , was inaugurated as president Wednesday at the Kremlin before 2,300 invited guests in a ceremony with marching soldiers and military music . He became the third Russian president since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 . Within hours , Medvedev named Putin as prime minister , according to the ITAR-TASS news agency . Putin 's new role and his position as head of the ruling United Russia Party raise questions about how much power Medvedev will actually have . The inauguration featured Putin almost as much as the new president . Putin delivered the first speech and stood just behind Medvedev when he was sworn in to his four-year term . Watch as Medvedev is sworn in " "  I fully understand the burden of responsibility that I will be shouldering , " Medvedev said in his inaugural speech . "  I want to thank from my heart President Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin for his invariable personal support that I have always felt , and I am sure that this will continue . " Medvedev won the March 2 election with an overwhelming majority but almost no campaign platform , said Oksana Antonenko of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London . Now that Medvedev has taken office , his real work begins , she said . During his time in office , Putin created a network of loyal officials on every level of government -- all appointed , not elected . If Medvedev is to prove he is more than just a symbol of Putin 's rule , he will have to start rebuilding those institutions , Antonenko said . "  He still has to prove that he has legitimacy and prove that he has the ability to govern independently , " she said . In his speech , Medvedev emphasized building Russia 's middle class , which represents 5 to 10 percent of the population . Antonenko said that will be one of the key ways for Medvedev to gain support . "  That 's the only way for him to build a power base , because the middle class will support a rule of law , will support institutions , will support civil society , will support representational government , " Antonenko said . Medvedev has little foreign policy experience , though he has already met with U.S. President George W. Bush and German Chancellor Angela Merkel , both of whom noted Medvedev 's constructive tone , Antonenko said . Medvedev spoke of cooperation with other nations in his speech . The new president will inherit some lingering foreign policy headaches . Russia has been at odds with much of Europe over the recognition of Kosovo , the eastward expansion of NATO and the European Union , and U.S. plans for missile defense installations in Poland and the Czech Republic . "  There 's no sign yet that Medvedev 's angle on the eastward expansion of NATO and the EU is different from Putin . I am sure he is firmly opposed , " said Charles Grant , an analyst at the Center for European Reform , a London think tank . Others believe Medvedev could be a pragmatist on the missile defense plans . "  If Russians have a way to verify and we really operate these bases jointly -- and we have a couple of other alternatives -- then we will all be OK and Mr. Medvedev , I think , will be perfectly happy with this arrangement , " said analyst Igor Yurgens . Medvedev says he is committed to promoting democracy , fighting corruption , and bolstering the rule of law . But Kremlin critics point out Putin made similar promises when he ran , only to be criticized at home and abroad for cracking down on opposition groups . Like Putin , Medvedev grew up in the Russian city of St. Petersburg ; both studied law and worked at the mayor 's office . But unlike Putin , Medvedev never served in the Soviet KGB . He pursued an academic career and became a professor of law before moving into business and politics . "  He was always very intellectual , and in general he is from what we called the intelligentsia , " said Marina Lavrikova , a former Medvedev classmate and colleague at the St. Petersburg School of Law . "  He was always goal-oriented , professional , and with very good organizational skills . " Medvedev also differs from Putin in his music tastes : He is a devout fan of '70s rock band Deep Purple , a far cry from the patriotic ballads Putin is said to enjoy . "  Dmitry belongs to a generation formed by liberal views , and he has always shown himself a genuine liberal , " said Lavrikova . "  Here at the law faculty , there has always been this spirit of open-mindedness which was instilled in us . That 's why , by and large , he 's different from  Putin  . " Recent tensions between Russia and the former Soviet republics of Ukraine and Georgia are unlikely to be a big issue for Medvedev , who may take a more conciliatory tone than Putin , Antonenko said . "  For the Georgians and the Ukrainians , Medvedev is closer to what they seek for their countries -- he is a kind of post-Soviet man , " she said . "  But  there is  the question of whether he will be able to develop this relationship against what appears to be a very hardline position from the Russian security community . " A Georgian minister said Tuesday that Russia 's backing of separatist movements in Georgia is tantamount to provoking a "  war . " "  We literally have to avert war , because we see what is happening on the ground and we have all indications that Russia is trying to provoke Georgia to start war , " Temuri Yakobashvili , Georgia 's state minister of reintegration , told a news conference in Brussels .	Russia 's new president Medvedev names Putin as prime minister Soft-spoken Dmitry Medvedev replaced Vladimir Putin Wednesday Putin expected to remain a strong political force in Russia
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- A prosecutor in the appeal by American Amanda Knox against her murder conviction urged the jurors to put themselves in the shoes of the parents of the murder victim , as the case entered its final phase Friday in Italy . Prosecutors in the case are presenting their concluding arguments as to why the appeals court in the Italian town of Perugia should uphold the convictions for Knox and her ex-boyfriend , Rafael Sollecito , after a lengthy appellate process . Addressing the jurors , appeals court prosecutor Giancarlo Costagliola said : "  I hope when you make your decision , you feel a little bit like the parents of Meredith Kercher , a serious , studious girl whose life was taken away by these two kids from good families . " Defense attorneys for Knox and Sollecito are expected to present their final arguments early next week , as they fight to overturn the convictions . Knox and Sollecito were found guilty in 2009 of killing Kercher , Knox 's British housemate , two years earlier . Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison , while Sollecito got 25 . Summing up the prosecution case Friday , Costagliola focused on evidence given by witnesses . He said defense efforts to discredit the testimony of Antonio Curatolo , a homeless man who testified during the criminal trial that he saw Knox and Sollecito near the crime scene the night of the murder , had failed . Costagliola also sought to pick holes in the testimony of two defense witnesses , convicted child killer Mario Alessi and jailed mafia member Luciano Aviello , who had each given conflicting accounts of who killed Kercher . The prosecutor then reviewed the circumstantial evidence put before the court , including the contradictory statements given by the accused and DNA evidence . Prosecutor Giuliano Mignini , who investigated the case , spoke Friday of how he would never forget seeing Kercher 's face when he first saw the body , as he defended the prosecution case made in the original trial . He urged the jurors to make their decision on the basis of what they had heard in court , not in the overwhelming media coverage . Mignini also questioned why the defense lawyers had not previously raised concerns over the way evidence was collected . "  Why did n't they say anything then ? Were they distracted ? Or did n't they find anything wrong ? " he asked the court . Attorneys for Knox and Sollecito have in recent weeks sought to undermine their convictions by scrutinizing DNA evidence found on the knife used to kill Kercher and on her bra clasp . Two independent forensic experts argued this summer that the Sollecito DNA allegedly found on the bra clasp should be "  inadmissible " because the clasp had not been properly handled . Prosecutors rejected that claim . Knox 's father , Curt , told CNN earlier this month that prosecutors have "  no case left , " after a review of evidence , and that he hoped to be able to take his daughter home within weeks . Knox and Sollecito are appealing their convictions together , having been convicted in a joint trial . A third defendant , Rudy Guede , was convicted in a separate fast-track trial . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutor urges jurors to put themselves in the shoes of the dead girl 's parents Defense attorneys for Knox and Sollecito will sum up their arguments next week The defense is seeking to overturn the pair 's 2009 convictions for murder Meredith Kercher was found with her throat cut in 2007 in the villa she shared with Knox
PLAYA DEL REY , California  CNN  -- The black sedan pulled up to the parking lot at Dockweiler State Beach in California , and the five members of The Lost Trailers stepped out -- no chauffeur , no publicist , no manager , no entourage . From left to right , Jeff Potter , Stokes Nielson , Ryder Lee , Manny Medina and Andrew Nielson of The Lost Trailers . But that 's the way this rising country band rolls these days . When they embarked on their current "  Lean , Clean and Local " tour , they streamlined their operation in the greenest way possible . Since September , they 've reduced their carbon footprint by 132 tons . That meant giving up their tour buses , as well as their road crew and traveling with their own equipment . Their new buzz phrase is "  hiring local " -- local roadies , local T-shirt vendors , local suppliers for amps and equipment . If they ca n't stuff it in a suitcase , they do n't bring it . The Lost Trailers have also partnered with Keep America Beautiful , a national organization dedicated to litter reduction and recycling . On a recent day off in Los Angeles , singer Ryder Lee , guitarist Stokes Nielson , bassist Manny Medina , keyboardist Andrew Nielson and drummer Jeff Potter met up with a group of young adults from the L.A. Conservation Corps for a little coastal cleanup -- country style . Watch the band at work on the beach " Three of the band members sported cowboy boots as they sifted through the sand . The kids were from South Central Los Angeles , an inner-city area not generally known for its love of country music . After the cleanup , we pulled the CNN van up to the beach , popped in The Lost Trailers ' CD , and hit "  play " on their hit single , "  Holler Back . " As the fiddle and banjo strains of the high-octane hillbilly tune blared through the speakers , there were blank stares all the way around from the students . But after joining in the chorus of "  heys " and "  hos , " one young man named Virgil LaFlora started rapping over the verses . It was the most unexpected country/hip-hop mash-up since Tim McGraw and Nelly joined forces for "  Over and Over " in 2004 . All of a sudden , the two camps had discovered some common ground , and the song ended in cheers and hugs . One girl asked if she could have the CD . CNN talked to the Trailers ' members about their activism and their tour . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : "  Lean , Clean and Local " is n't just about recycling . You guys are actually going into the community and hiring local people . Stokes Nielson : We did a show with Tim McGraw in New York at the end of last year . It was a fly date for us , so we hired local , and this guy came up to us and said , "  Thank you so much for hiring local , 'cause I have n't had a check in three weeks . " And we realized as the recession was heading into place , that one of the things we could do to benefit these communities is hire local , and not just bring in our own crews and just extract money form the locals and then leave , but we could also leave a small stimulus of our own . CNN : As rising artists , you work hard to earn the right to have a tour bus . Now you 're giving it up . Stokes Nielson : Since we wo n't have a crew , we thought , "  OK , we 're not going to have the bus anymore , and we 're just going to fly to dates , " and that cut down our diesel consumption . Andrew Nielson : We travel really light so that we can roll into town , hire the crew , and also hire local equipment . Potter 's a drummer , and everywhere we go , we rent drums . Jeff Potter : We were trying to figure out a way that was practical to get a drum set on a plane , but it did n't really work out . I like it because I get to show up , and somebody working there locally has already set it up for me , and I get to just sit down and play . Ryder Lee : We were trying to get Potter some of those electric drum pads  which will fit into a suitcase  , but that 's just not as cool . CNN : Or you could just get a drum machine and eliminate the problem altogether ! That would save the most money . Potter : I like being in the band . Manny Medina : I 'm afraid they 're going to hire local bass players , and I 'll be out of a job !  Laugh CNN : Do you save money by hiring local , or does it cost you more this way ? Stokes Nielson : No , it 's about even . It 's not about the money . Obviously , the government is putting a lot of money into trying to get this thing  the economy  kick-started . As small-business owners , we want to do our part as well . It 's also really been great to realize that we actually can do something besides just writin ' a song and singin ' it . Lee : We 've set up a Web site : LeanCleanAndLocal.com , and that 's become kind of a Yellow Pages for the local businesses we 've hired . And we have videos on there , and a directory of the folks we 've used , so if other acts were to hire this way , they could come in and use these same people . CNN : Does n't that lead to disaster sometimes ? Medina : So far , it 's been great . Potter : Either we 've been very lucky , or we 've really come up against some great people , but when you 're a national act , there 's a certain level of competence with the people you deal with , and that 's great to see . CNN : I 'm sure there were a lot of organizations you looked at before partnering up with Keep America Beautiful . Why that organization ? Lee : I think as country artists , it 's really important to preserve the things that we grew up with . We 're naturally outdoors men because of where we grew up , and keeping the rivers and streams clean is part of being country , and we 're really proud of that . And Keep America Beautiful and their efforts in recycling and litter cleanup was really fitting for us , so it was a natural place to reach out -- not to mention , at our shows , there tends to be a few bottles and cans that build up .  Laugh Stokes Nielson : This tour may not last forever . Maybe just until the recession is over . But definitely , we want to do our part to give back . Medina : Plus you really get to know the towns better . You meet the people . You do n't just stay on your bus , play a show and leave . You really get to know the towns .	Members of The Lost Trailers try to hire local , reduce carbon footprint Band partners with Keep America Beautiful , a group dedicated to litter reduction Guitarist : "  We want to do our part to give back " Band travels light so members can rent local equipment
CNN  -- A former supervisory FBI agent has been arrested and jailed on child pornography charges . Donald Sachtleben was taken into custody and charged Monday after a nationwide undercover investigation of illegal child porn images traded over the Internet . The 54-year-old resident of Carmel , Indiana , has pleaded not guilty and has a detention hearing in federal court Wednesday . A federal complaint alleges 30 graphic images and video were found on Sachtleben 's laptop computer late last week when FBI agents searched his home , about 23 miles north of Indianapolis . The arrest was a result a months-long probe , said the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Indiana , Joseph Hogsett . "  The mission of our Project Safe Childhood initiative is to investigate and prosecute anyone found to  be  engaged in the sexual exploitation of children , " Hogsett said in a news release . "  No matter who you are , you will be brought to justice if you are found guilty of such criminal behavior . " Sachtleben is currently an Oklahoma State University visiting professor , according to his online resume . He is director of training at the school 's Center for Improvised Explosives , but all references to his work have now been removed from the university 's website . There was no indication from the school as to whether it had suspended him . Calls to the university and his Indianapolis attorneys were not immediately returned . He had been an FBI special agent from 1983 to 2008 , serving as a bomb technician . He worked on the Oklahoma City bombing and Unabomber investigations , according to his university biography . A separate LinkedIn profile filled out by Sachtleben says he is an "  accomplished investigator with more than 25 years of experience in FBI major case management , counter terrorism investigations , bombing prevention , post blast investigations and public speaking . " According to the criminal complaint , a federal-state joint task force had been investigating an Illinois man allegedly trading child porn images as far back as September 2010 . That suspect was arrested in January , and a search of his computer reportedly led to Sachtleben , who was using the e-mail name pedodave69 . According to the affidavit , an e-mail from that account was sent to the Illinois suspect last fall , along with nine images of child porn . "  Saw your profile on  a file sharing network  . Hope you like these and can send me some of ours  sic  . I have even better ones if you like . " Prosecutors say Sachtleben sent that e-mail . Sachtleben 's wife was interviewed by agents during the execution of the search warrant and denied any involvement with child porn . She was not taken into custody . FBI officials in Washington had no comment on the arrest . If convicted , Sachtleben would face up to 20 years in prison on the charge of distribution of child porn , and an additional 10 years for possession . The Justice Department 's Project Safe Childhood initiative was launched in 2006 , leading to what federal officials call a more than 40 % increase in the number of cases investigated . The project 's website says 2,700 indictments were filed last year alone . The case is U.S. v. Sachtleben  1:12 - mj-316  .	Donald Sachtleben has a detention hearing in federal court Wednesday The arrest was a result of a months-long probe , a U.S. attorney says Police say he e-mailed child pornography pictures to another suspect As an FBI agent , he worked on the Oklahoma City bombing and the Unabomber case
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal took another big step towards a ninth French Open title Saturday while one of his chief rivals in his half of the draw Andy Murray hovered on the brink of elimination before play was halted in fading light . Wimbledon champion Murray and Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber were locked at 7-7 in the fifth and final set on Suzanne Lenglen . The British seventh seed will be ruing several lapses of concentration , seeming to have the match in his grasp when a break up in the fourth set and again in the decider . Each time Kohlschreiber , who won the Dusseldorf event last week , hit back and survived some nervous moments in the final game on his own service to keep the match alive . The pair will come back Sunday with the winner to face either home favorite Richard Gasquet or Fernando Verdasco in the fourth round . Gasquet trails Verdasco led 12th seed Gasquet by two sets and it was 2-2 in the third set when their match was also halted in the gloom . Earlier , top seed Nadal dispatched Leonardo Mayer in straight sets 6-2 7-5 6-2 and has yet to drop a set , while his Spanish compatriot David Ferrer also went through in fine style against Italy 's Andreas Seppi . Ferrer is a potential quarterfinal opponent for Nadal but first the four-time defending champion must get past fast-rising Serb Dusan Lajovic . Match of the middle Saturday at Roland Garros may well have been Gael Monfils ' five-set defeat of Italian 14th seed Fabio Fognini . Ever popular Monfils prevailed 6-2 in the decider after dropping the fourth to love . Halep hopes While the established order is , in the main , still on top in the men 's draw , Simona Halep , a 22-year-old Romanian , is the highest surviving seed in the women 's tournament . The fourth-ranked Halep was impressive again in a 6-4 6-0 win over Spain 's Maria-Teresa Torro-Flor , but standing in her way for a quarterfinal place is Sloane Stephens of the United States . Stephens , 21 , reached her sixth straight grand slam fourth round , the best record on the WTA Tour , with a 6-3 6-4 win over Russian Ekaterina Makarova . Stephens , who many see as a natural successor to Serena Williams , says she is more motivated at the big four events rather than regular tournaments . "  I just peak at four tournaments a year . Every other tournament just gets me ready for these , " she told the official French Open website . Stephens next Halep is determined to make amends for a defeat to Stephens the only time they have met . "  I played her in Australia a couple of seasons ago and she beat me very fast . Now I think I 'm more prepared than I was then . I have confidence I can take revenge . " Former French Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova will be a representative of the "  old guard " in the last 16 , with the 28-year-old , a 100-1 outsider at the start of the tournament , emerging as a real threat . She battled to a 6-7 6-1 9-7 victory over Czech fifth seed Petra Kvitova , her 10th appearance in the last 16 at Roland Garros in 11 years . Ivanovic beaten She will next play Lucy Safarova , who continued the string of upsets with a 6-3 6-3 win over 2008 champion Ana Ivanovic . Only one player from the top six of the rankings , Halep , is in the last 16 , with seventh seed and 2012 champion Maria Sharapova favored by many to claim a second French Open title . She will play Samantha Stosur of Australia in an eagerly-awaited fourth round clash Sunday . Second seed Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer headline the action on Philippe Chatrier with intriguing match ups against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Ernests Gulbis respectively .	Rafael Nadal beats Leonardo Mayer in straight sets Andy Murray locked in five set struggle when play halted Gael Monfils wins epic five-setter against Fabio Fognini Sloane Stephens to face Simona Halep in last 16
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration suspended Saturday yet another air traffic controller for sleeping on the job , the seventh apparent incident this year the agency has disclosed . The incident occurred at the Miami Air Route Traffic Control Center during the midnight shift early Saturday morning , two days before the FAA is expected to conduct meetings on air traffic control safety and professionalism , the FAA reported . According to a preliminary review of air traffic tapes , the controller did not miss any calls from aircraft and there was no operational impact , the agency said in a statement . The incident was reported to a manager by another controller , the FAA said . There were 12 controllers and two managers on duty . Last week , Hank Krakowski resigned as the head of the FAA Air Traffic Organization amid revelations that several controllers fell asleep on the job this year . All the incidents occurred during the midnight shifts , but the similarity ends there . Some occurred at local control towers , one occurred at a regional radar facility and the latest at a high-altitude center . In at least one incident , the FAA has said the controller deliberately went to sleep , while some of the others appear to have been accidental . Prior to the start of the midnight shift at the Miami facility , all the controllers were given a briefing on professionalism and the importance of reporting to work fit for duty , the FAA said . The controller who fell asleep has been suspended , the agency said . Other incidents of sleeping controllers have been reported in Washington , D.C. ; Knoxville , Tennessee ; Seattle , and Reno , Nevada . There have been two suspected cases in Lubbock , Texas . FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt disclosed the latest incident in a statement saying he is prohibiting scheduling practices that may be contributing to fatigue . The changes will be effective within 72 hours , Babbitt said . Paul Rinaldi , head of the controller 's union , said Saturday his union and the FAA agree that fatigue and scheduling must be addressed . "  This latest incident earlier today is of great concern , as it is never acceptable when we do n't provide the level of service expected and required of us on every shift . We take our responsibilities very seriously and believe fatigue is a significant factor in these instances , " he said . Babbitt and Rinaldi on Monday will begin a cross-country tour of air traffic control facilities . Their first stop will be at an Atlanta-area regional radar facility . "  We are taking swift action to ensure the safety of our aviation system , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement Saturday . "  There is no excuse for air traffic controllers to be sleeping on the job . We will do everything we can to put an end to this . " On Thursday , Krakowski , resigned amid the furor caused by the controversy . David Grizzle , the FAA 's chief counsel , was named acting chief of the unit during a search to fill Krakowski 's post . Saturday morning , Grizzle briefed LaHood and Babbitt about the latest incident . "  We are taking important steps today that will make a real difference in fighting air traffic controller fatigue , " Babbitt said . "  But we know we will need to do more . This is just the beginning . "	The head of the controller 's union says fatigue and scheduling must be addressed It is the seventh apparent incident of sleeping at work this year disclosed by the FAA There was no operational impact , the FAA says
Los Angeles  CNN  Conrad Hilton , the younger brother of celebrity heiress Paris Hilton , allegedly threatened and intimidated flight attendants on a British Airways flight from London to Los Angeles last summer , using profanity , smoking in a bathroom and calling passengers "  peasants , " federal authorities said this week . Hilton , 20 , surrendered himself to the FBI on Tuesday -- charged with interfering with flight crew members -- and appeared in court later that day , said spokesman Thom Mrozek of the U.S. Attorney 's Office . Hilton was freed on $ 100,000 bond and is scheduled to be arraigned on March 5 . The federal charge alleges that Hilton "  knowingly assaulted and intimidated flight attendants of the aircraft and , in doing so , interfered with the performance of the duties of the flight attendants and lessened the ability of the flight attendants to perform their duties . " Hilton and his attorney could n't be immediately reached for comment . If convicted , Hilton could face up to 20 years in prison , authorities said . On the July 31 , 2014 , flight , a flight attendant told the FBI that Hilton appeared to be "  under the influence of drugs because of his erratic behavior while walking through the cabin , " court papers said . Hilton left his seat five minutes after takeoff , even though the "  fasten seat belt " sign was still on , authorities said . Another flight attendant said Hilton rose from his seat at least 20 times during the 10 1/2 - hour flight , court documents said . Read the federal complaint  Warning : profane language When Hilton became enraged because a flight attendant was following him , he shouted several times that "  I am going to f ------ kill you ! " and used other vulgarities , court papers said . Passengers became frightened and disturbed , authorities said . Hilton yelled several times , saying "  I will f ------ own anyone on this flight ; they are f ------ peasants . " Hilton also accused the flight attendants of "  taking the peasants ' side " and then said he was angry because he had just broken up with a girlfriend , court papers said . He bragged that he was already banned by other airlines . "  Hilton frequently lamented that he wanted to smoke marijuana on the plane , " according to an affidavit by FBI agent David Gates . Hilton also allegedly punched the bulkhead next to an attendant 's head , missing his face by about 4 inches , court papers said . He also allegedly told a flight attendant that "  I could get you all fired in five minutes . I know your boss ! " "  My father will pay this out , he has done it before . Dad paid $ 300,000 last time , " Hilton allegedly told a flight attendant , according to court papers . Hilton 's father is Rick Hilton -- who is a grandson of the Hilton Hotel empire 's founder , Conrad Nicholson Hilton -- and is a partner in a real estate development firm in Beverly Hills , California . Rick Hilton and his wife of more than 30 years , Kathy , are parents of four children , Paris , Nicky , Barron and Conrad , making them the great-grandchildren of the hotel empire , according to Rick Hilton 's webpage . At some point during the flight , the attendant saw Hilton go into a bathroom and smelled cigarette smoke coming from it , authorities said . The flight 's pilot , who was second-in-command to the captain , "  noticed the smoke detector above the bathroom ceiling had been stuffed with paper towels , apparently to prevent the smoke alarm from sounding , " court papers said . The pilot later confronted Hilton , and Hilton surrendered a used pack of cigarettes and a lighter , authorities said . Hilton returned to his seat and fell asleep . The captain authorized crew members to form a "  restraint team " to restrain Hilton before he woke up , authorities said in court papers . The crew used a blanket and handcuffs on Hilton about 75 minutes before the plane landed , authorities said . He awoke while being restrained and began screaming obscenities , court documents said . "  As Hilton was being restrained , he told the flight attendants he was a model and that they were ` going to ruin my career , ' " the affidavit said . Later , in an interview with the FBI the same day , Hilton said he started his travels in Mykonos , Greece , had a connection in Athens , and then traveled to London , authorities said . He took a sleeping pill before boarding the flight to Los Angeles , court papers said . Hilton admitted to calling people "  peasants " on the flight , but he "  denied having a confrontation with a flight attendant near the start of the flight but acknowledged having other issues with flight attendants , " the affidavit said . Hilton allegedly told the FBI agent : "  I told all of them I could get all of their jobs taken away in less than thirty seconds , " the affidavit said . When Gates , the FBI agent , read federal law to Hilton , he interrupted him and stated : "  I did intimidate . But , through defense . He came up to me with his nose , " referring to a crew member , the affidavit said . CNN 's Stella Chan contributed to this report .	Conrad Hilton , younger brother of Paris Hilton , is free on $ 100,000 bond He 's charged with interfering with flight crew members and faces up to 20 years in prison He allegedly disabled a smoke detector , called passengers "  peasants " and punched a bulkhead
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The police investigation of Whitney Houston 's death is "  officially closed " with the conclusion that her death was an accidental drowning , the Beverly Hills Police Department said Wednesday . With the case closed , police released the recording of the 911 emergency call in which a hotel security officer said the woman who called for help from Houston 's room was "  irate and pretty much out of it . " Investigators "  found no evidence of foul play , " a police statement said . "  Based on the findings of our investigation and our review of the coroner 's report , we have determined that this is not a criminal matter . " The Los Angeles County coroner released its autopsy report a week ago saying Houston 's February 11 death was an accidental drowning with the "  effects of atherosclerotic heart disease and cocaine use " as contributing factors . The Beverly Hilton security officer did not identify Houston in the 911 call . "  I need paramedics , apparently I 've got a 46-year-old female , found in the bathroom , " he told the 911 operator . "  That 's all I 've got right now , but they 're requesting paramedics . "  Houston actually was 48  . The autopsy report said her assistant found Houston face down in a tub of "  extremely hot water " about 12 inches deep . "  I 'm not sure if she fell , or if she was in the bathroom with the water , " the hotel security officer is heard saying in the 911 call . And you do n't know if she 's conscious or breathing at all ? " the dispatcher asked . "  Apparently she was n't breathing , " the hotel employee said . When the dispatcher asked if she had started breathing , the security officer said "  I do n't know . The person that called me was irate and pretty much out of it . " "  Can you get me into the room so I can try to give CPR instructions ? " the 911 operator asked . "  No , because she kept hanging up on us , " the hotel security officer said . Houston was last seen alive by her personal assistant in her Beverly Hilton hotel room about 3 p.m. that Saturday , the autopsy report said . The assistant left to run errands after telling Houston to take a bath in preparation for a pre-Grammy Awards party at the hotel that night , it said . When the assistant returned to the locked room at 3:35 p.m. , she found Houston "  lying face down in the bathtub filled with water , unresponsive . " "  The assistant called for her bodyguard , and together they pulled the decedent out of the bathtub , " the report said . When paramedics arrived about 10 minutes later , they moved Houston to the living room floor . It was at 3:55 p.m. , 20 minutes after she was found by the assistant , when paramedics concluded she was dead , the report said . The coroner 's report stopped short of detailing what happened to Houston , but HLN 's Dr. Drew Pinsky , an addiction medicine specialist , examined the autopsy report for CNN and suggested that she might have suffered a seizure brought on by the use of cocaine , possibly combined with a withdrawal from alcohol and a prescription sedative . An empty bottle of the anti-anxiety drug Xanax was found in her room , but the level of the sedative found in her blood was low , he said . Empty beer bottles were also found , but alcohol was not detected in her body , he said . "  To me , a sudden drop-off in the Xanax level , a drop-off in your alcohol consumption , add cocaine , that 's a recipe for a seizure , " Pinsky said . "  Somebody who 's now upside down in a bathtub could easily seize and drown . " However , Henry Spiller , a toxicologist and director of the Kentucky Regional Poison Control Center , said the level of Xanax found in Houston 's blood was not low enough to trigger a seizure . Those who abuse Xanax can take up to 20 pills a day , he said , and the level found in Houston 's body would indicate she took four to six pills several hours before she died . Since the drug was found in her blood , a seizure brought on by withdrawal is unlikely , he said . The coroner 's report notes that Houston suffered several small scald burns on her face at the time of her death . A 60 % narrowing of her arteries found in the autopsy is "  very mild heart disease , " Pinsky said , which should not have caused a problem . Spiller said that based on his experience with cocaine abusers , two things may have happened : Either Houston had a seizure and fell into the tub , or she had a cardiac arrhythmia . An arrhythmia occurs when the heart stops beating properly and fails to pump , depriving the brain of oxygen and causing a loss of consciousness . It can be fatal . "  If you look at cocaine deaths , more deaths are from arrhythmias than seizures , " Spiller said . "  Based on what is in the report , it seems more likely that she had a vasospasm  which shuts off blood flow to the heart  or a fatal arrhythmia . " Toxicology testing measured 0.58 micrograms of cocaine per milliliter of blood drawn from a vein in her leg during the autopsy , which Pinsky called a moderate level . Spiller said for that level of cocaine to be in Houston 's body , "  we 're talking about approximately half a gram of cocaine having been possibly ingested within 30 minutes to 90 minutes before her death . For someone who has been abusing cocaine , this may be their routine amount , but  for  someone who does n't regularly use cocaine and therefore does n't have a tolerance for the drug , this would be a high level . " Houston 's cocaine use appeared to have occurred "  in the time period just immediately prior to her collapse in the bathtub at the hotel , " Chief Coroner Craig Harvey told reporters when he released the preliminary report last month . Investigators found "  a small spoon with a white crystal like substance in it and a rolled up piece of white paper " in the bathroom where Houston drowned , coroner 's investigator Kristy McCracken wrote . "  Remnants of a white powdery substance " were found on a bathroom counter , McCracken wrote . "  I also collected remnants of a white powdery substance from out of a drawer and from the bottom of a mirror in the same drawer in the bathroom counter , " she wrote . Detectives found a "  plethora of medications bottles " in the hotel room , although the coroner concluded the prescription drugs "  did not contribute to the death . " Along with cocaine and Xanax , the toxicology tests found other drugs in her body , including marijuana , the muscle relaxant Flexeril and the allergy medicine Benadryl , the report said . Houston won six Grammys and sold 170 million albums , singles and videos over her career . In recent years , the singer 's accomplishments were overtaken by her struggles with drug addiction . CNN 's Jack Hannah and Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	911 recording released Wednesday reflects frantic moments after Houston found "  I need paramedics , " said the hotel security officer who found Houston in the bathtub A woman in Houston 's room was "  pretty much out of it , " the guard tells the dispatcher Beverly Hills police agree with coroner 's report that Houston 's death was accidental drowning
CNN  -- As "  True Blood " nears its series finale , it 's taking some of its best characters down with it . The series ' seventh and final season opened with a major death , and the third episode , Sunday 's "  Fire in the Hole , " served up another shocker . Joe Manganiello 's werewolf , Alcide , who 's been running with the "  True Blood " pack since season three , was unceremoniously killed off with bullets to the chest and the head . "  Alcide 's character deserved so much more than what he got in this series , " tweeted one fan . "  I 'm just ... devastated . " "  HOW COULD THEY DO THIS , " wailed another distraught viewer . One fan may even have to rethink Sunday night 's TV lineup : " ` Alcide ' could n't have died in this episode of True Blood ... He 's the reason why I watch this show . " But according to the actor who portrayed the incredibly buff Alcide , it was time for the wolfy guy to die . In several interviews , Manganiello has said that he was n't surprised that his character was killed off , and in fact , he understands why his death was necessary . "  Honestly , I called it as soon as I read the finale last season , " Manganiello told TVLine with a laugh . "  There was no way they could keep him around . ... On a show like this , where you 're looking for vital characters to kill off , you 've got to take out Alcide . " Besides , the main star of the show is still Anna Paquin 's Sookie , whose dance card has been filled with one too many supernatural paramours . With "  True Blood " having only so many episodes left to tell its tale , Manganiello believes it makes sense to remove Alcide from Sookie 's romantic circle so she could deal with her vampire issues . It may be hard for fans to let him go , but , he argues , Sookie needs to . "  Storytelling-wise , you have to get Sookie with  Stephen Moyer 's  Bill ; that 's the beginning of this whole story , " the actor explained to BuzzFeed . "  That 's the A plot of the show . The B plot is  Alexander Skardsgard 's  Eric . ... I 'm not even the C plot . ... I 'm like indigo on the rainbow if Bill is the red . Alcide would be a smart choice for her inevitably , but you ca n't have me wind up with her at the end . So , what ? They 're going to have her break up with me ? They 're going to have her break the heart of the best guy she knows ? The guy who would do anything for her ? They ca n't do that because then the audience is going to hate her for breaking his heart . That 's why they had to kill him . " At the very least , Manganiello seems OK with his exit from the show . "  I die naked in the woods with nothing but my sock on , " the actor told The Hollywood Reporter . "  Given Alcide 's track record on the show , I was like , ` that 's about right . ' "	"  True Blood " has killed off another favorite character The actor says the death "  had to happen " The HBO series is in its seventh and final season
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Who 's the greatest driver of all-time ? Michael Schumacher ? Maybe Alain Prost ? Ayrton Senna perhaps ? In an exclusive interview with CNN , three-time Formula One world champion , Jackie Stewart had no hesitation in naming his choice for the greatest driver of all-time . Three-time F1 champion , Jackie Stewart back in his heyday . "  My hero , and the man I most respected and probably still do is Juan Manuel Fangio . " Stewart told CNN . It 's not misty-eyed nostalgia for a bygone era that persuades "  The Flying Scot , " as Stewart became known . And it was n't just Fangio 's tally of world titles that convinced Stewart ; it is the manner in which the Argentine legend saw off his rivals . Who do you think is the greatest ? "  Fangio won five world championships almost in a different car every year . He had the dignity , the style and the ability , " Stewart explained . What 's more , as Stewart points out , Fangio did n't start racing in Formula One until he was 39-years-old , and whether driving a Ferrari , Lancia , Maserati or Mercedes , he kept on winning races . Though Fangio was the greatest , Stewart rated fellow countryman Jim Clark as the best driver he raced against . "  His batting average was very good and he did n't race in too many grands prix . " Clark -- who was tragically killed racing at Hockenheim in 1968 -- won 25 of his 73 Formula One races . Stewart 's record is comparable , winning 27 from 100 starts . It 's this win to race ratio that really separates the good from the great Stewart believes . "  I 'm on record as saying winning is not enough , it 's easy to win . Most people win . To be successful , like a Fangio or a Jim Clark is more difficult . " See our photo gallery of Formula One 's greatest drivers " As much as Stewart admires seven-time champion Michael Schumacher , he 's finds it hard to put the German in the same league as Fangio or Clark . "  Not to take anything away from him -LSB- Schumacher -RSB- , but his car was so dominant and his team had so much in terms of money and resources , " Stewart said . "  Although he has won more , his batting average is n't as good -- from starts to wins -- as Fangio or Clark . " Stewart , who retired from Formula One in 1973 , is a great admirer of the current crop of drivers and he singled out Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel as potential legends of the future . But they have a long way to match Stewart 's record of three Drivers ' Championships , let alone Fangio or Schumacher . Do you agree with Jackie Stewart ? Or do you think that Michael Schumacher is the greatest ? Have we missed anyone you think deserves special mention ? Use the Sound Off box to have you say .	F1 legend Jackie Stewart tells CNN who he thinks is the sport 's greatest driver Win to race ratio is determining factor of greatness according to Stewart Schumacher ? Senna ? Have your say on who you think the best F1 driver
CNN  Two sheriff 's deputies in Georgia have been placed on leave with pay for "  inappropriate actions " in the case of a college student who died in the county jail , a Chatham County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman said . Cpl. Maxine Evans and Cpl. Jason Kenny will remain on administrative leave until the conclusion of an investigation into the death of Matthew Ajibade , a 21-year-old student from Nigeria who died last week in an isolation cell of the Savannah jail , said Gena Bilbo , the sheriff 's spokeswoman . Authorities provided no further details into the deputies ' conduct . The two deputies could n't be immediately reached for comment Thursday . Ajibade , who had bipolar disorder , died in custody after he "  became combative during the booking process , " the Sheriff 's Office alleged . His family is demanding to know why Ajibade died . During the alleged jail altercation , three deputies were injured , including a female sergeant who suffered a concussion and broken nose , authorities said . The two deputies now on leave were n't among the three injured , Bilbo said . The sergeant is on medical leave , but the other two injured deputies remain on duty , said Chief Deputy Roy Harris . The alleged combativeness does n't square with family members ' description of the 21-year-old , whom they described as a much-loved "  geeky kid . " The Nigeria native was in Savannah studying computer science . Ajibade 's family has hired Mark O'Mara , a CNN legal analyst who once represented George Zimmerman in the death of Florida teen Trayvon Martin . O'Mara called the disciplinary action against the two deputies "  a good small step in holding people responsible for their actions . " "  We still need questions answered how Matthew 's life was taken from him , " O'Mara added . The body was released to the family Thursday morning , O'Mara said . The attorney hopes to see "  discourse of all available information as soon as possible , " he said . Ajibade was diagnosed with bipolar disorder three years ago and was having a medical emergency at the time of his arrest and confinement , O'Mara said . Savannah police arrested Ajibade on January 1 after receiving a call about a domestic disturbance . When police arrived , they witnessed Ajibade holding a women under a blanket , according to an incident report . Police uncovered the two and noticed that the woman 's "  face was bruised , and her nose was bleeding , " the report says . Officers ordered Ajibade to release the woman , but he did not comply , the report says , adding that when police tried to arrest Ajibade , he proceeded to "  resist apprehension in a violent manner . " He was accused of domestic violence , battery and obstruction of an officer . A woman whom he identified as his girlfriend tried to inform police of his mental health issues , O'Mara said . "  She also gave police a bottle of his medication , " the attorney said . The police report notes that officers received a prescription bottle from the alleged victim , but the name of the prescription has been redacted . Once at the jail , officials say , Ajibade had to be restrained , during which time he injured the three officers . He was then moved to an isolation cell because of his "  dangerous behavior , " a police news release says . Deputies conducted welfare checks on Ajibade and on their second check , he was found nonresponsive , police say . First aid was administered by the jail 's medical unit staff . Despite CPR and attempts to restart his heart with a defibrillator , Ajibade could not be revived , according to the release . It 's unclear how much of the event , if any , was captured on the jail 's surveillance system , or whether officers conducted a mental health evaluation before Ajibade 's death . County government officials declined CNN requests for an interview , citing the ongoing investigation . The Sheriff 's Office has requested that the Georgia Bureau of Investigation conduct an independent investigation . A GBI spokesperson said an autopsy had been conducted , but that a cause of death was pending toxicology reports . The Chatham County District Attorney 's Office said a criminal investigation is ongoing and the office will "  handle the matter further , should it become necessary . "	Two deputies will remain on leave with pay until an investigation into a jail death is done Matthew Ajibade broke female sergeant 's nose while being restrained after arrest , police say Attorney : Ajibade was bipolar and experiencing a medical emergency at time of his arrest
CNN  -- Actor Alec Baldwin says he is "  very , very interested " in running for political office but to leave acting would be "  extremely painful . " The "  30 Rock " star made the comments in an interview to air Wednesday on CNN 's "  Parker Spitzer . " Knowing Baldwin 's long-running interest in politics , Eliot Spitzer asked him if he was ready to "  get into this game . " "  The answer is : Yes , it 's something that I am very , very interested in , " Baldwin said . "  People would say to me all the time , ` Why would you want to do that ? ' And sometimes I do n't want to do it because to leave what I am doing now would be extremely painful . " Baldwin , 52 , told Spitzer he loves where he is in his acting career right now . "  However , I do believe that people want to believe that someone , who deeply cares about the middle class ... would like to see public office . " This is n't the first time Baldwin has flirted with the notion of becoming a politician . He told Playboy magazine over the summer that he was interested . "  The desire is there ; that 's one component . The other component is opportunity , " said Baldwin , who descibes himself as a "  carry-me-out-in-a-box New Yorker " and someone unlikely to move to another state for a political opportunity . "  I have sometimes thought I could move to New Jersey or Connecticut and run . I 'd love to run against Joe Lieberman . I have no use for him . But it 's all fantasy " Baldwin also told CBS news magazine "  60 Minutes " in 2009 that running for political office is "  something I might do one day . "	Baldwin stars in the NBC show "  30 Rock " He has long flirted with running for political office Baldwin has expressed a similar interest in interviews with Playboy and "  60 Minutes "
CNN  -- Already dubbed a horse racing "  rock star , " California Chrome 's owners are laying plans to maximize the thoroughbred 's rising profile ahead of the colt 's bid to win the Belmont Stakes and the Triple Crown . Having won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes -- the other two legs of the Triple Crown -- California Chrome would become the first horse since Affirmed in 1978 to achieve the ultimate feat in thoroughbred racing should he triumph in New York next month . Owners Steve Coburn and Perry Martin and their wives Carolyn Coburn and Denise Martin , have registered the name with the U.S. Patent and Trademark office , according to records filed on Thursday May 15 . The move will give the owners license to use the name "  California Chrome " on athletic apparel including shirts , pants , jackets , footwear , hats and caps . The three-year-old colt is arguably rapidly becoming the biggest racing sensation since the retirements of Frankel and Black Caviar . Frankel , who retired undefeated after winning all 14 of his races in October 2012 , was estimated to be worth $ 168 million . Black Caviar , the mare who dominated Australian racing , retired in April 2013 after 25 consecutive victories and amassing nearly eight million dollars in prize money . She was featured on the front page of Australian Vogue magazine and was even voted as the country 's top sportswoman . Only 11 of the 38 horses who have won the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes have gone on to complete the dream treble with victory at the Belmont Stakes . The colt coasted to victory in Baltimore last Saturday to win the 139th Preakness Stakes -- and is now favourite for victory in the $ 1.5 million race in New York on June 7 . California Chrome was born to a mare named Love the Chase , purchased by Coburn and Martin for $ 8,000 with a view to breeding . She was bred to the stallion Lucky Pulpit for a reduced fee of $ 2,000 , the first breeding the novice pair had ever undertaken . Their offspring had earned Coburn and Perry more than $ 2.3 million in prize money before the Preakness , also chalking up wins at the Santa Anita Derby , San Felipe Stakes and California Cup Derby . After its Preakness success California Chrome became front page news after New York racing officials decided to allow the three-year-old to wear a breathing strip during the Belmont Stakes . His owners might not have allowed him to race without a strip , which the manufacturer says allows horses to breathe more freely and reduces the risk of bleeding in the lungs during heavy exertion . California Chrome has worn the strips during his last six wins , including those first-place finishes at the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes .	Owners to trademark name "  California Chrome " Horse aiming to win Triple Crown Won Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes Cleared to wear nasal strips at Belmot Stakes in New York
CNN  -- In an attempt to be frugal amid the economic downturn , Karl Stetson and his family in Seattle , Washington , planned to skip their annual trip to Hawaii . Water rushes toward the shore at Sandy Beach Park in Honolulu , Hawaii . That is until Stetson began noticing airfare and hotel rates plunge this year . Last week , he caved , purchasing plane tickets for less than $ 450 a person , a sweet deal compared with $ 600 last year . He booked rooms at Hanalei Colony Resort , among the emerald mountains in Kauai , for 25 percent off , and he was delighted to receive one of the nights free . "  We might have done something on the mainland , something more low-key , but the fact that it was inexpensive was a big factor for us to go again , " said Stetson , who is taking his wife and two young boys in May . Outdoor enthusiasts , lovebirds and families prudently resisting the urge to visit Hawaii , say aloha to majorly discounted airfares and hotel rates -- many hitting rock-bottom prices -- this year . The bittersweet theory seems to hold true : What is bad for the travel industry has been good for consumers . As Hawaii suffers from its biggest visitor decline since the Great Depression , the state is enticing travelers with discounted deals to offset the toll on its local economy . iReport.com : Toughing out the recession ? Airfare to Hawaii from cities in the continental United States has plummeted more than 30 percent in some markets , according to FareCompare.com , an airfare research Web site . Pleasant Holidays , one of the nation 's largest privately owned travel companies , is offering vacation packages that include flight and three nights hotel stay in Oahu starting at $ 299 . Online travel giants Expedia , Travelocity and Orbitz are all offering sales on Hawaii flights , hotels and activities , and some luxury hotels have rooms for less than $ 150 a night . "  You wo n't see prices to Hawaii like this again in your lifetime , " FareCompare CEO Rick Seaney said . "  It might be worth it to take that once-in-a-lifetime trip . " For decades , tourists from the United States and abroad have flocked to Hawaii , many captivated by the exotic islands ' natural beauty : snow-capped mountains , active volcanoes , breathtaking waterfalls and pristine beaches . Now with the administration of President Obama , who spent part of his childhood in Hawaii , there is a renewed interest for tourists to visit , travel experts say . But travelers have long viewed Hawaii as an expensive destination in comparison with Florida or California . Two adults can expect to spend $ 673 a day in Honolulu on food and lodging , making Hawaii the most expensive destination in the country , according to the AAA 's 2008 Annual Vacation Costs Survey . It is no surprise , then , that in a brutal economy where consumer confidence is low , the islands are having a tough time reeling in visitors , despite discounted prices . The state reported a 12.4 percent decline in visitors , or 72,255 fewer guests , in January compared with the same time last year . The drop , which started last spring , is a reversal of nearly a decade of visitor growth . To make matters worse , visitor spending in Hawaii declined by 13.6 percent in January , and many state officials and experts are worried what that will mean for a state where tourism is the backbone industry . Nationwide , the tourism picture looks bleak , as the number of travelers is expected to fall throughout 2009 , according to the Travel Industry Association of America . In the Aloha State , the smaller , more remote islands like Lana'i and Moloka'i are feeling the most pain . They received about a third fewer visitors in January than the year before . "  This is a downturn , " said Mark B. Dunkerley , who sits on the board of the Chamber of Commerce of Hawaii and is CEO of Hawaiian Airlines . Dunkerley explained that the decline in visitors may be troubling , but the numbers are still as strong as they were a decade ago . "  It 's not a catastrophe . The clock has been wound back . " Signs of decline for Hawaii began last spring with the shutdown of Aloha and ATA Airlines , which held about a fifth of the market share . By the summer , fuel prices had skyrocketed to $ 135 a barrel , which drove fares to an unaffordable price point for many travelers . That same year , NCL Corp. 's Norwegian Cruise Lines pulled back stops to Hawaii . Rob Pacheco , the president of Hawaii Forest & Trail , said he noticed about 3,000 fewer customers after some of the cruise ships stopped coming . The company , which gives natural tours of the island , said things "  just kind of deteriorated , and it was more difficult to fill seats . " Another challenge Hawaii faces in terms of tourism is its remote location on an archipelago in the Pacific Ocean . This makes the state 's tourism industry highly dependent on airfare prices . iReport.com : Where 's your favorite secret hideaway ? Traditionally , economical travelers shy away from Hawaii because of the high flight cost , travel experts said . But the airfare prices being offered until June show that prices may be more affordable than most leisure travelers think . A flight from Boston , Massachusetts , on Delta , United or American Airlines is running about $ 461 round trip , down from $ 610 at the same time last year , according to FareCompare.com . Travelers from major West Coast cities such as Los Angeles , California , can find flights just under $ 340 , nearly 30 percent off the ticket price from a year ago , the site reported . Adding to the vacation savings are hotels , including lavish resorts , advertising rates about 20 percent lower in the first quarter of 2009 compared with first-quarter 2008 , according to online travel companies . Hotels scrambled to offer lower rates when they saw occupancy numbers dive for the first time in years . Hotels say that in addition to the discount on the rooms , there are perks and added value such as upgrades , free nights and dinner coupons , travel experts say . For example , Outrigger Hotels and Resorts , owned by Outrigger Enterprises Group , is offering the third night free for travelers who book a stay in Waikiki this month for $ 159 a night . A year ago , the lowest the rate at the hotel was nearly $ 100 more . "  You can travel better than you have in the past for the same amount of money , " said Ian Jeffries , an Expedia travel expert . "  Or you could do the exact same thing as last year and save money . " Travelers can also snatch bargains at condos and rental properties . This is particularly true on the islands of Maui and Oahu , where there has been major development in recent years , says Pauline Frommer , creator of the Pauline Frommer Guidebooks . "  You can play ` let 's make a deal ' with these folks , " said Frommer , who has been tracking the travel industry for almost 20 years . "  They are desperate for people 's business . " But do n't expect the deals to paradise to last forever . Prices will climb during peak summer season and as soon as the economy recovers . Though experts are unsure when recovery will happen , Hawaii 's Department of Business , Economic Development & Tourism predicts that wo n't be until 2011 . In the meantime , Hawaii tourism groups want to change American and international travelers ' impression that a trip there is too expensive . With Japan suffering from its own economic woes , arrivals of Japanese tourists , once a steady revenue stream , have slowed , travel experts said . "  The difficulty is the fact that it 's not a Hawaii-centered problem , " said John Monahan , president of the Hawaii Visitors and Convention Bureau . "  We have a nationwide and global crisis . "	Airfare to Hawaii has plunged more than 30 percent in some markets Hawaii reported a 12.4 percent decline in visitors in January "  You can play ` let 's make a deal ' with these folks , " said Pauline Frommer State officials say Hawaii 's tourism economy wo n't improve until 2011
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- First , you may be dazzled by her gentle smile . But then the obvious question comes to mind . Am I sitting across a true leading woman or is her big brother actually calling the shots ? At Government House in Thailand , I recently interviewed Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra -- a woman who has heard those questions -- and more -- before . She is Thailand 's elected leader , the country 's first female Prime Minister , and -- as I found out -- ready to fire back at her critics and defend her authority . In 2011 , and about ten weeks into her political career , she won a landslide victory to lead a country of 67 million people . Just months into her political career , she was criticized for her handling of Thailand 's worst flooding crisis in more than 50 years . Two years on , Yingluck Shinawatra says she has been making decisions based on her own experience and wants to be judged by her achievements . "  You have a lot of key stakeholders , " Yingluck tells me . "  So you have to make sure the stakeholders are happy . " She has raised the country 's minimum wage , helped pass a massive loan bill to overhaul Thailand 's transportation infrastructure , and also become the country 's first female defense minister -- a position she says she is uniquely qualified to handle because she is a woman . "  Males and females can do this role , " she says . "  But females will be more concerned about the morale and the support , and building teamwork . " But more recently , protests have erupted in the nation 's capital amid opposition to a proposed amnesty bill . As part of a push for unity in the country , the government proposed an amnesty bill which includes a controversial amendment offering a reprieve for any politically-related offenses since January 1 2004 . The public dissent -- which has seen thousands march through Bangkok 's streets -- stems from the fact that the period specified in the bill includes the time her brother , former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra was in power , reports the Bangkok Post . It 's this family connection where the Thai Prime Minister has been unable to bridge the deep political divide in her country . Yingluck Shinawatra is the youngest sister of the charismatic and deeply polarizing former prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra who led the country for five years before the military removed him from power in 2006 . Even though Thaksin remains in exile , critics say he is still ruling through his sister . Yingluck concedes she has a close relationship with her brother , but insists she has always been independent , even though her brother at one point called her his "  clone . " "  Clone means the same kind of thinking and management style , " she says . "  It does n't mean reliance . " In the last two years , Yingluck has sought to prove herself and her leadership . "  I think there is less criticism about this because if I 'm relying on him , I do n't think I could be so wise to handle the hard times , " she tells me . The Thai Prime Minister is under scrutiny not only because of the shadow of her older brother , but for everything from her number of trips abroad to her fashion choices . Recently in Milan , she wore a Thai silk jacket that drew attention since it was stained by the flood waters of 2011 . It generated a media debate about whether it was appropriate for Thailand 's Prime Minister to be seen wearing it . But Yingluck has also used the media to advance her own platform , including the launch of "  Smart Lady Thailand " -- a reality TV show out to empower young women . The show prompted a jab from Thai opposition leader Abhisit Vejjajiva who made reference to a "  Stupid Woman . " While Vejjajiva later said the remark was not directed at a particular person , and not intended as an insult to women , Yingluck supporters called it sexist . Yingluck Shinawatra offered a neutral response : "  I do n't want to interpret what he meant , but ... please give a chance for all ladies and Thai people . " Our interview was only the second time CNN sat down with the Thai Prime Minister on camera . My local producer commented to me that Yingluck today , comes across as more media savvy , confident , and serene compared to two years ago when she first came to office . Yingluck may never fully leave the shadow of her brother let alone the scrutiny of her naysayers , but she appears to be a woman trying to make peace with her position . "  People expect you to run the country with sincerity and hard effort to deliver what we promise to the people , " she says . Cue that dazzling smile .	Yingluck Shinawatra became Thailand 's first female PM after a landslide victory in 2011 She 's the sister of country 's ousted leader Thaksin Shinawatra who critics say still calls the shots She says they have similar management style , but she is not his "  clone "
CNN  -- In Guatemala , and other Latin American countries , it 's called "  aguinaldo " -- the term used for the bonus government and private sector workers receive this time of the year , their right by law . The aguinaldo is equivalent to one month 's salary . In other words , workers who are eligible for this benefit get twice as much money in December as they do during each of the other 11 months of the year . The problem is that criminal extortion gangs know this and are increasingly demanding their share of this Christmas bonus . Frequent victims include city bus drivers who also get their aguinaldo . For them , extortion gangs become the Grinch who steals Christmas , and the choice they give bus drivers is harsh : either pay up or we will kill you . Jorge Garcia , a representative for the City Bus Owners Association in Guatemala City , said the extortion attempts even go beyond Christmas . "  The gangs demand a Christmas bonus . They also demand a summer bonus . Around Easter , they also want a bonus for leisure travel , " Garcia told CNN . According to the Bus Owners Association , so far this year 87 bus drivers have been murdered by criminal gangs , who extort drivers in exchange for safe passage on specific routes . Drivers who refuse to pay face deadly consequences . Authorities say riders who take buses to go shopping are also likely to be robbed . Victims include workers who also receive their Christmas bonus . The criminals know this and board the buses with the intention of robbing them or stealing Christmas gifts they have just bought for their families . Edgar Guerra , president of the Guatemala City and Regional Bus Riders Association , said the trend is alarming . "  So far this year , when you count robberies and direct attacks , there have been 44 riders of mass transit murdered and 78 injured in these kind of violent incidents , " Guerra said . Violence in Guatemala is nothing new . The Central American nation lived endured a civil war between 1960 and 1996 that left as many as 200,000 people killed or missing , according to some estimates . More recently , members of criminal gangs who were deported from the United States and criminals associated with Mexican drug cartels have terrorized the country . In an international travel alert published last month , the U.S. Department of State said that in Guatemala "  violent crime is a serious concern due to endemic poverty , an abundance of weapons , a legacy of societal violence , and weak law enforcement and judicial systems . " This wave of crime affects many other people who are not necessarily directly victimized by the criminal gangs . Every time a bus driver is killed , Guerra says , up to a quarter of a million riders are affected due to cancellations in service . Guatemalan authorities say they 're taking these developments seriously , arresting many of the gangs behind the extortion schemes . Elas Pumay , an investigator with the Guatemalan Interior Ministry who specializes in solving extortion cases , says so far this year they have put 24 criminal gangs out of business with the arrest of 250 suspects . In his investigations , Pumay has noticed a puzzling new trend : "  Interestingly enough , in this type of crime 80 % of the perpetrators are women . It 's a phenomenon that we 're paying close attention to . " Pumay believes those women are following orders from , and acting as messengers for , male gang leaders who have already been arrested and are extorting people from behind bars -- transforming a season of joy into a time of sorrow for their victims .	In Guatemala , many workers receive double pay in December Criminal gangs target people for this ` aguinaldo ' , or Christmas bonus Association : 87 bus drivers murdered by criminal gangs in 2012 U.S. : Guatemala crime due to poverty , abundance of weapons , weak police
CNN  -- "  Warmly welcome Simon Cockerell David . " The colorful , electric sign was something of an unusual and unexpected greeting for Briton Simon Cockerell , 35 , who this week embarked on a landmark visit to Sinuiju , North Korea 's largest border town . Separated by a river from China 's Dandong City and easily accessible from Dandong by car or train , Sinuiju has long been a popular North Korean destination for Chinese tourists but was pretty much off-limits to Western visitors until now . The most a Westerner could experience was the view from the train and station platform during transit from China to the secretive country . Cockerell is general manager of Beijing-based Koryo Tours -- one of the biggest tour companies specializing in North Korean travel . He says his visit was a result of 10 years of lobbying "  the right people " on the local tourism ladder . "  We 've been putting pressure on them for years , and we believed Sinuiju in particular would be easier to gain access to because of all the tourist infrastructure already in place , and because the people there are used to seeing foreign visitors , " Cockerell told CNN . Koryo Tours guided approximately half of the 5,000 Western tourists to North Korea last year , the company says . Behind the veil : A rare look at life in North Korea ` Broken Bridge ' Following meetings with officials , Cockerell 's sights included the local park , classic revolutionary monuments , mosaics , the railway station , a provincial revolutionary museum , a local kindergarten well known throughout the country , the riverside and a look at the "  Broken Bridge " -- the old bridge to Dandong which was bombed during the Korean War . "  It 's an interesting town and there 's definitely a border town vibe , " said Cockerell , adding that the Chinese influence from traders and businessmen who come to Sinuiju every day is very prevalent . Most of the international commercial trade with North Korea is said to pass through Sinuiju . However , that does not make it a rich town . "  It 's not a very well-off place , especially compared to Pyongyang , which is the richest place in North Korea , " said Cockerell . North Korea 's ` hotel of doom ' opening debacle continues Cheaper trip The tour company believes the different vibe of the town will make it a popular destination for Western visitors . The other draw is that it 's a cheaper trip . "  Until now , you had to go in for a minimum of at least three days but Sinuiju can be a day trip as well as an add-on to other North Korea tours , " said Gareth Johnson , 32 , the founder of Young Pioneer Tours , a budget North Korean tour company for Westerners based in Xi'an , China . Young Pioneer Tours has also been lobbying for the Sinuiju opening for the past two years , and will be taking in a test tour group to the border town this Sunday . "  My personal opinion is that this came about because China stopped all Chinese tours to North Korea due to recent tensions , " Johnson told CNN . How to travel to North Korea Both tour companies are still waiting for pricing information from their local partner companies before they officially begin charging for Sinuiju day trips or tour add-ons . Restrictions still apply -- those with U.S. or Japanese passports can not visit Sinuiju  journalists ca n't as tourists and visitors with South Korean passports ca n't enter North Korea at all  . Living history Some , including readers commenting on CNN articles , have described travel to North Korea as unethical , arguing it helps fund Pyongyang . Cockerell says he believes establishing human contact with the outside world is important for North Korean civilians . "  We believe that there is value in taking people there and raising awareness among the North Korean people of what the outside world is like by simple human level contact , which is sadly lacking , " he said . And the appeal of North Korea to the Western tourist ? For Johnson , that 's a no-brainer . "  The world is getting very similar , " said Johnson . "  Even in China there are so many streets where I look at the shops and I could be anywhere in the world . " "  North Korea is living history . Seeing something truly different . There 's not as much adventure left in the world as we would like . " Koryo Tours , 27 Beisanlitun Nan , Chaoyang District , Beijing ; +861064167544 Young Pioneer Tours , Xi'an , China ; +8602986212359	Popular with Chinese tourists , Sinuiju has been closed to Western visitors New opening a result of years of lobbying by tour groups Those holding U.S. , South Korean or Japanese passports are not allowed to visit
CNN  -- Italy -- an economic giant of the eurozone -- is failing on the global stage and must adapt if it is to survive , the head of coffee giant Illycaffe has warned . Andrea Illy , CEO of Trieste-headquartered Illycaffe , told CNN his country 's woes would be "  just the beginning of our problems " unless its businesses learned to compete in the international marketplace -- something they had largely failed to do . "  The Italian economy is wrong in the sense that it is not conscious enough about how important it is to become competitive in the global arena , " he said . "  Let 's say we do n't really step up : what we have suffered until now ... is just the beginning of our problems . " Italy 's economy makes up 17 % of the eurozone -- almost three times that of bailed-out Greece , Portugal and Ireland combined -- and , as the third-largest economy in the bloc , is regarded as "  too big to fail . " Illy 's comments come as the borrowing costs of Spain , another pillar of the bloc , push toward 6 % , feeding fears the debt crisis is spreading to larger economies . Italy 's borrowing costs passed the psychological 7 % level -- beyond which countries are considered unable to fund themselves -- last November , before dropping back . According to Illy , Italian businesses have been slow to adapt to the demands of a globalized economy -- unlike many German businesses , for example , which had aggressively pursued a path of international expansion through creating foreign partnerships . "  Some entrepreneurs did it : few , not enough , " he said . "  In the meantime , the relative size of the Italian industries in most of the sectors has been declining . " He said the far-reaching reforms being implemented by new Prime Minister Mario Monti were "  absolutely " necessary for Italy to regain its economic vitality . "  This country needs a break in Italian politics in order to reform , " he said . "  Otherwise there will be no growth . " Illy is the grandson of Francesco Illy , who developed the modern espresso machine and founded the company in Trieste in 1933 . Today , Illycaffe sells its products in more than 130 countries around the world . The company faced a significant challenge in competing "  in a more crowded , competitive market arena , " he said . But , conversely , "  opportunities are becoming much larger , " he added . He saw a strong future for the company in the premium sector of the coffee market , which had undergone significant changes in the past decade or so . Previously , he said , the market had been "  the shape of an anvil ... with a big mainstream part and a very small narrow premium coffee segment . " Today , he said , it was more like an hourglass , with a substantial market for premium , specialty coffees . "  This is the future , " he said . "  It will be more and more high quality , like wine . " Being an internationally competitive coffee brand did not mean aiming to have as many outlets as Starbucks , he said . "  I would like to have 1 % of what they have , but to reach the same awareness . "	The head of Illycaffe says Italian business has failed to compete internationally He says Italian industries have shrunk as they have struggled to adapt to a global marketplace Reforms currently being implemented were needed to restore its economic might
CNN  -- It has been three days since Chris Stevens and three other Americans lost their lives in Benghazi , Libya . I lived and worked for four years in Libya , leaving hurriedly last year in an evacuation as the civil war began . I sit safely now in my new home in Qatar , and those who shared my Libyan experiences -- and who knew Chris -- are now spread out around the world . I know from their e-mails that , like me , they are also unspeakably sad . Every life on this good earth is precious , and all four Americans who lost their lives at the U.S. Consulate were in Benghazi to help the Libyan efforts . They will be very , very much missed . Because I knew and worked with Chris , I understand firsthand that the world has lost a true hero , and we seem to have precious few of those . Chris was smart , supportive , kind , approachable , very passionate about reestablishing a relationship between the United States and Libya and improving the lives of the Libyan people . He was a perfect candidate for his new role as ambassador . When someone like that is taken away , you do n't just mourn the loss of a colleague or friend , you mourn the greater loss for our planet . We were both originally from northern California , but Chris and I first met in Libya , arriving around the same time in 2007 . I was there as the new director of the fledgling American School of Tripoli and Chris had just been appointed U.S. Deputy Chief of Mission . The United States and Libya had reestablished diplomatic relations in 2004 , but the U.S. Liaison Office had just been upgraded to a full embassy in 2006 . Because no ambassador had yet been named , as deputy chief , Chris served as acting ambassador until the arrival of Ambassador Gene Cretz in January 2009 . Working in Libya at that time was challenging . The infrastructure that the West left behind had long disappeared during the 30 years of sanctions , and we were all scrambling to develop our institutions and businesses from the ground up . Chris built a team of embassy personnel , negotiated with a quixotic Libyan government , helped the returning U.S. companies and served as chairman of the Board of Trustees of the American School . He loved the school and in an e-mail earlier this year shared how much he was looking forward to witness its eventual reopening . During the two years we worked together , I watched Chris serve with aplomb , patience , and an easy smile . If you sat and talked with him , it was clear that he was well-read and a deep thinker , but he was always humble . He was also extremely comfortable whether he was speaking with VIPs or Libyan farmers . I had the good fortune to sit with him on the Fulbright Scholarship Committee that helped Libyans further their education in America , one of the many tangible ways he demonstrated his dedication to the Libyan people . He traveled across the sparsely populated country savoring the rich archaeological sites , and broke bread with Berbers in their cave homes . Always gracious , he hosted receptions for Libyan ministers and businessmen and , just as often , was in khakis and a T-shirt , holding informal embassy gatherings on the roof of his villa , smiling and making sure that everyone was included . What really made Chris exceptional to me , however , was his ability to distance himself . Not the aloof kind of distancing that you might expect from someone in his position , but the kind where one puts emotion and ego aside in order to truly listen , to understand , and then to find a way to build bridges . It is extremely rare to find someone who can do that , consistently rising above the fray , and that 's what makes his death so especially painful . Of course I feel anger at those horribly misguided people who are responsible for this tragedy , but I am also trying to rise above it , like Chris would . For those who find this yet another reason to vilify Muslims , I point to other examples of seemingly senseless violence like the Aurora movie theater shootings or the attack on Gabrielle Giffords , neither of which had anything to do with Islam . We live in a world where frustration and anger override the sanctity of life . We live in a world where it 's easier to get our hands on weapons than to give each other a helping hand . We live in a world where too many people use religion as a vehicle for hatred , rather than love . I was extremely fortunate for a few years to have lived and worked under the light of Chris ' grace and vision . I know he touched all who knew him . As I continue to watch the Libyans , who have only known oppression , try to dig out of the void left behind in the wake of Moammar Gadhafi 's fall , I will always remember Chris and the legacy he has left them . We are all better for having known Chris . My hope is hope that Libya will flourish for its people and that we , each in our own way , will make him proud . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Judith Drotar .	Judith Drotar knew Christopher Stevens when she worked at American School of Tripoli She says he was kind , smart , approachable and had passion for helping U.S.-Libya relations She says they met when he was Deputy Chief of Mission ; he helped her establish the school Drotar : He had rare talent for listening , building bridges . His killing a profound loss
FARGO , North Dakota  CNN  -- Some residents were breathing sighs of relief Monday as the Red River receded , but an early-spring snowstorm that swept into the area prompted officials to warn the flood dangers were n't over . North Dakota National Guard members inspect a levee along the Red River near Fargo on Monday . With winds of 25 to 40 mph expected and as a much as a foot of new snow possible in some areas , North Dakota officials were n't ready to let down their guard . "  It 's not over , " Fargo Deputy Mayor Tim Mahoney said during a televised meeting of officials . "  We 're still in a flood fight , so now you just have to be careful and watch things , and we 'll monitor as we go along , " Mahoney said . Still , he said , it 's time to "  start thinking about what we 'd do if we were n't fighting a flood , " and that the city is "  going to start talking to different people to see when we can start getting things back online and get going . " The most intense portion of the snowstorm was expected to roll through southwest and south-central North Dakota , easing some concerns that it could cause more immediate flooding at the Red River to the east . At 8:15 p.m. Monday  9:15 p.m. ET  , the Red River at Fargo was at 38.71 feet , more than 2 feet below Saturday 's crest . The river was forecast to be below 38 feet on Tuesday and approach the 18-foot flood level by early next week . But officials warned the storm 's wind would cause waves in the floodwater and put more pressure on the sandbag dikes along the river . And the National Weather Service warned of another rise in the river level in mid-April as temperatures begin to warm and melt the snow . Watch how the storm could bring new problems " The city planned to halt its sandbagging operation Monday . Bruce Grubb , Fargo 's enterprise director , said 3.5 million sandbags have been filled . Officials emphasized the process could resume at any time , particularly in the face of the storm . In the meantime , National Weather Service meteorologist Greg Gust said , "  we are very confident now that -LSB- the -RSB- river is in a slow decline . " Two deaths and 50 injuries have been reported in flood-related incidents . The injuries included victims of car wrecks caused by flooded roads , epidemiologist Kirby Kruger said . Other problems , including mental health issues , carbon monoxide poisoning and cardiac-related events , were reported , Kruger said . Water seeped into two of five buildings at the Oak Grove Lutheran School primary and secondary complex after a flood barrier began to leak , officials said . School officials said the two buildings had about 6 inches of water in the basement . The school last flooded in 1997 . See how a levee can fail " "  We knew this flood was going to be different , " said school spokeswoman Ann Marie Campbell . "  There was a lot of emotion this morning when we got the word we had a breach . " A contingency dike contained the water , said Fargo Mayor Dennis Walaker , but three houses between the contingency and primary dikes also flooded . iReport.com : Send your photos , video of flooding Meanwhile , on the other side of the river , residents of Moorhead , Minnesota , were waiting to see if miles of levees and sandbags there would hold . "  We 're all in this together -- so far , so good , " said U.S. Rep. Collin Peterson , D-Minnesota , at a Sunday news conference . "  Keep vigilant , keep checking the dikes . " Evacuations in Moorhead were proceeding smoothly , Mayor Mark Voxland said Sunday . No breaches of dikes were reported , he said . Mike Redlinger , Moorhead city manager , said the city was securing neighborhoods , particularly at night . President Obama has signed emergency and disaster declarations for Minnesota and North Dakota , freeing up federal funds . See map of affected area " The flood 's crest of 40.82 feet on Saturday broke a record that had held since 1897 , when the Red River reached 40.1 feet at Fargo . In 1997 , the river reached 39.6 feet , a level that many residents thought would be the highest they 'd ever see . CNN 's Susan Roesgen , Steve Kastenbaum , Dina Majoli , Chuck Johnston , Chad Myers and Dave Hennen contributed to this report .	"  We 're still in a flood fight , " says Fargo , North Dakota , deputy mayor Fargo plans to halt sandbagging operation as Red River recedes Officials : Wind from storm likely to cause waves in water , put pressure on sandbags Two deaths , 50 injuries blamed on flood-related incidents
United Nations  CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon exhorted member nations Monday not to waver from efforts to meet the Millennium Development Goals they set for themselves a decade ago with a deadline of 2015 . "  We have led you to the river , so what are we asking of you today ? " he said to a U.N. summit on global goals to fight poverty , hunger and disease . "  To stay true , true to our identity as an international community built on a foundation of solidarity , true to our commitment to end the dehumanizing conditions of extreme poverty . " The eight goals call for halving extreme poverty and hunger and achieving full employment ; achieving universal primary education ; promoting gender equality and empowering women ; reducing child mortality by two thirds ; reducing maternal mortality by three quarters and achieving universal access to reproductive health ; beginning to reverse the spread of HIV ; ensuring environmental stability ; and developing a global partnership for development that deals with developing countries ' debt . In a report issued before Monday 's meeting , Ban said the summit is "  crucially important " for meeting the anti-poverty goals . Progress reaching the targets has been uneven , he said , and several of the goals are likely to be missed in many countries if additional efforts are not made . The United Nations said almost 150 heads of state were expected to attend the meeting , which comes as many donor countries are tightening purse-strings in the wake of large fiscal deficits , rising debts and the global economic crisis . "  But economic uncertainty can not be an excuse for slowing down our development efforts , " Ban said in the report . French President Nicolas Sarkozy proposed levying a tax on transactions through the world banking system and applying those funds to efforts to meet the goals . "  Why should we not as finance -- money -- to participate in stabilizing the world by being involved in imposing on each financial transaction a small tax ? " he asked . Bolivian President Evo Morales blamed the transfer of natural resources from southern countries to those in the north for the world 's economic imbalance . "  What we should discuss at this meeting , dear presidents , heads of state and heads of delegations , is how to put an end to this pillage of resources from the south , " he said . He called for the nationalization of natural resources "  so the dividends they generate will remain in our countries and benefit our peoples . " He added , "  We need investors , but they can not become owners of our natural resources . The state must be the owner of these natural resources . " Morales also called for the establishment of a bank for developing countries in the southern hemisphere , including those in Africa and Asia . The bank , if funded with a percentage of the countries ' international reserves , could help the countries "  break away from our dependency on the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank , " he said . During the four years he has served as president , the break with the IMF and the World Bank has helped Bolivia , he said . "  Without the IMF , we 're better off than we were before , " he said , citing eradication of illiteracy , a drop in extreme poverty from 41 percent to 32 percent and a 42 percent drop in infant mortality . But Bolivia will not be able to meet the millennium goals unless the distribution of wealth is made more equal , he said , noting that a recent U.N. report says that the poorest 40 percent of the world 's population has only 5 percent of global income , while 70 percent of world income goes to the top 5 percent of the world 's population . "  That is unfair distribution of wealth , " he said . "  Our task should be oriented toward putting an end to this unfair distribution . " Israeli President Shimon Peres called again for a two-state solution in the Middle East -- a Jewish state and an Arab state . "  There is no other peaceful alternative to that conflict , and I believe we shall succeed , despite the differences , " he said . He also espoused the world body 's millennium goals . "  A hungry world will never be peaceful ; a terrorized world will never be governable , " he said . Jordan 's King Abdullah II said his country has already achieved one of the goals -- ensuring that children in primary school stay in school , thereby ending youth illiteracy . But lack of regional peace represents a burden on development , he said . "  When warfare and violence divert resources from social needs and economic growth , economies and community life are undermined and poverty and frustration grow . " He expressed hope that the development programs "  can help build a foundation for peace . " The meeting to discuss Millennium Development Goals is a major item in a week that will include high-level discussions among international leaders as the U.N. General Assembly annual debate begins Thursday . U.N. officials are urging leaders to use the meetings as an opportunity to ratify dozens of international treaties ranging from protecting human rights to fighting terrorism to preserving biodiversity , a statement released by the organization said . Last year , 64 countries took 103 treaty actions , the highest participation in four years , according to the United Nations .	The Millennium Development Goals include halving extreme poverty by 2015 The U.N. chief says progress reaching targets has been uneven International leaders also will convene this week for the U.N. General Assembly 's debate
The tense , high-stakes standoff between Ukraine and Russia continued Tuesday , with both sides insisting they do n't want war but publicly offering little evidence of their willingness to budge . Petro Poroshenko , a Ukrainian parliamentarian who has been charged with leading negotiations with the new government of Crimea -- a disputed region thought to be threatened by a Russian takeover -- told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that "  today we  had  the first sign of contact between our minister of defense and Russia 's minister of defense , " as well as talks involving other ministers . "  But it is not a negotiation , unfortunately , " said Poroshenko , a billionaire businessman and former Ukrainian foreign minister . "  We try to do our best to use any opportunity for peaceful negotiation . But ... we do n't have any sign of hope ... from the Russian side . " The comments are the latest indicating Ukrainian officials ' attempts to peacefully prevent a full-scale war over the Crimean peninsula , which had been part of Russia until it was ceded to Ukraine in 1954 by Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev . Yuriy Sergeyev , Ukraine 's U.N. ambassador , claimed Russia used planes , boats and helicopters to flood the peninsula with 16,000 troops . And Ukrainian officials say disguised Russian troops have laid siege to military installations . Yet Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday denied sending members of his military into Crimea or that any of the up to 25,000 Russian troops already stationed in the country had any role in the standoff , according to the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . He insisted his military is n't planning to seize the Crimean peninsula -- but did n't close the door on action "  to protect local people . " Should Russian troops intervene , Putin said , "  It will be legitimate and correspond to international law because we have a direct request from a legitimate president and it corresponds to our interests in protecting people who are close to us . " Poroshenko said ousted Ukraine President Viktor Yanukovych , who fled to Russia last week after months of public unrest against his government that ultimately boiled over into violence , has no legitimacy . That includes having no right to ask Russia to send troops into Ukraine to restore him to what he feels is his rightful post as President , according to Poroshenko , who insisted only Parliament can invite foreign troops . "  His  political tenure  is finished , and he is a criminal , " said Poroshenko , "  especially after yesterday 's appeal to have foreign troops come here and start a war . " Tension , uncertainty in Crimea While no blood has been spilled between the Ukrainian and Russian militaries , no one is breathing easy -- especially amid reports of Ukrainian military facilities in Crimea being under siege . On Sunday , a U.S. official said Russian forces have "  complete operational control " of Crimea . And Putin said Tuesday "  local militias " -- who , he insisted , do n't answer to Moscow -- control up to 22,000 Ukrainian army troops and their heavy military equipment . Poroshenko , the Ukrainian official , said that while military units have been "  blocked , " they have not relinquished control . "  Our soldiers  are  demonstrating a strong spirit , " he added , commending them for not opening fire . Sounds and images from the ground showcase the tension -- and confusion . Several hundred men wearing dark green camouflage uniforms without insignias surrounded Ukraine 's Perevalnoye base Sunday near the Crimean capital of Simferopol . But rather than the standoff , they walked peacefully near 15 Ukrainian troops standing guard . By Tuesday , the situation remained tense , and the base was still surrounded . But the base commander moved in and out , and troops outside were n't stopping anyone . But not every scene was so calm . Video showed more than 100 unarmed Ukrainian troops trying Tuesday morning to return to Belbek air base north of Sevastopol , only to have Russian forces fire warning shots over their heads . A Russian voice tells the Ukrainians he has orders to shoot them in the legs if they advance . The Ukrainian commander reports they have no weapons , and the Russians are in control . After some negotiations , 15 Ukrainian troops are let in . By contrast , about 12 miles  20 kilometers  southeast of Simferopol , about 100 Russian troops on Tuesday parked their vehicles at a Ukrainian military base , excavated mini-trenches and erected mess tents -- all while having civil conversations with Ukrainian troops and moving about freely . What 's happening on the Russian side of the Ukraine border , though , may end up being more significant . Putin ordered about 150,000 Russian troops who had been taking part in military exercises near the border back to their barracks . But that order did n't involve troops already in Crimea , nor did it reassure Ukraine 's new interim leadership based in the capital of Kiev . Russian troops and vehicles remain near the country 's eastern border , according to Ukrainian officials . Andriy Parubiy , head of Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council , told Parliament that Ukraine doubled its security presence at checkpoints along the border . As the governments jostle , Ukrainian citizens are in limbo . Alex Shiroki , from the coastal city of Yalta , said he is worried about being cut off from gas , electricity or the Internet , as well as the prospect of living under Russian rule . But he admits not everyone shares his opinion ; even in his own family , one of his sisters wants a plan to get out while another sister sides completely with Russia . "  The worst feeling is that I feel unsure about what will be tomorrow , " Shiroki said . "  My thoughts are : This wo n't end fast . " Kerry : U.S. ` will stand by the Ukrainian people ' Diplomatic efforts to end the crisis bore little fruit Tuesday . Poroshenko , who is heading Ukraine 's efforts to forge a peaceful resolution over Crimea , said his government is "  constantly trying to " have conversations with Moscow . "  We think that , without any negotiating ... the escalation process and the temperature on the Crimea is rising up , " he added . German Chancellor Angela Merkel is trying to construct what a senior U.S. administration official characterized as an "  off-ramp " for Putin by having international observers in Crimea to ensure ethnic Russians ' rights are n't violated . President Barack Obama floated this idea in a call Saturday with Putin , and he and Merkel talked about it Tuesday . NATO members are set to meet Wednesday with Russia 's ambassador to the alliance , which gathered in emergency session amid Poland 's fears that any potential conflict could spread around the region . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Tuesday that despite repeated calls by the international community , "  Russia continues to violate Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and continues to violate its international commitments . " There 's no indication yet NATO will intervene militarily , but its members may take action other ways . That includes actions targeting Moscow  like Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announcing the cancellation of military activities involving his and Russia 's militaries  , punitive measures like sanctions against Ukrainian individuals or groups or helping prop up that nation 's shaky economy . To that latter point , Ukraine 's Parliament ratified a deal Tuesday to receive loans from the European Union worth 610 million euros , the equivalent of nearly $ 839 million . Representatives of the International Monetary Fund were headed to the country to begin inspections ahead of a possible financial deal . And U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has announced a $ 1 billion loan guarantee for Ukraine . Kerry visited Kiev on Tuesday , laying flowers in honor of slain protesters at Maidan , or Independence Square , and accusing Russia of making up reasons to intervene militarily . "  Not a single piece of credible evidence " supports Russian explanations for its move into Crimea , said the top U.S. diplomat . He added , "  Russia has talked about Russian-speaking citizens being under siege . They 're not . " Washington prefers a peaceful resolution to this crisis , Kerry said . But if that does n't happen -- and Russian steps up its military involvement -- "  our partners will have absolutely no choice  but  to join us to continue to expand on steps we have taken in recent days to isolate Russia diplomatically , politically and economically . " "  The United States will stand by the Ukrainian people as they build the strong democratic country they deserve , " Kerry said . " ... We must all step up and answer their call . "	U.S. official : Germany 's leader is trying to set up an exit strategy for Russia 's Putin Ukraine official : Ukraine , Russian ministers talk , but no signs of breakthrough Putin denies sending troops into Crimea , says "  local militias " are involved U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says Russia made up reasons to intervene
~ CNN  -- World Cup winners India appointed Duncan Fletcher as their new national coach Wednesday on a two-year deal . Fletcher succeeds South African Gary Kirsten , who stepped down from the role after guiding the co-hosts to their global triumph earlier this month , beating Sri Lanka in the final . He will take the reins after India 's tour of the West Indies where bowling coach Eric Simmons has been managing team affairs . The 62-year-old Fletcher coached England from 1999 to 2007 , reviving their fortunes in Test cricket . It culminated in their historic 2-1 Ashes series win over Australia in 2005 , but they were thrashed 5-0 by the Aussies on their home soil just 18 months later . An early exit followed in the 2007 World Cup and Fletcher resigned shortly afterwards . Former England captain Michael Vaughan , who was in charge for the Ashes triumph in 2005 , has no doubts Fletcher will be a success with India . "  Great coach who will work well with India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni and all the talent , " he told his Twitter blog . But Vaughan sounded a warning about the taciturn Fletcher 's relationship with journalists . "  His biggest challenge will come from the media . He has never really understood how it works ! , " he added . Fletcher was a former captain of the Zimbabwe one-day international side before turning to coaching .	Duncan Fletcher to take the reins as the new India cricket coach He succeeds Gary Kirsten who stood down after India won World Cup Fletcher coached England for eight years , guiding them to 2005 Ashes triumph
Greece is on the way to economic recovery as investor faith returns to the recession-ridden eurozone nation , an executive at Greece 's largest bank has told CNN . Petros Christodoulou , deputy chief executive of the National Bank of Greece , said that a drastic drop in government borrowing costs since the outbreak of the crisis in 2009 marks a "  great improvement and a great perception of the country " by foreign investors . Speaking to CNN 's Max Foster in Athens , Christodoulou said : "  Are we out of the woods with 8 % yields in government debt ? Not yet , but we are on the right path . " He added : "  All this eventually proliferates into everything that happens in Greece , starting from the banking sector which is in the center of the economy and this is good news going forward . " Read more : Euro pioneer : Europe would have suffered without single currency Christodoulou 's comments come in a week of highs and lows for Europe 's worst hit nation . Just seven days ago , Greek stocks , once spurned by investors over fears the country would need to exit the euro , beat every market in the world as the nation 's six-year recession eased . Read more : The birthplace of the euro While on Tuesday , creditors -- made up of the International Monetary Fund , the European Commission and the European Central Bank -- visited Athens to meet policymakers and assess the country 's finances . The group known as the ` Troika ' remains at loggerheads with the government , led by Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , over the country 's continued austerity program . Read more : Spain 's call to business Christodoulou believes Greece is becoming a business-friendly country as banks and the state sell off assets in a bid to raise capital . He added : "  I 'm not worried about all this bickering here and there between the government and the Troika . At the end of the day , we 've come a long way and we 're now at the tail end . " Read more : Energy exec : No second bailout for Portugal But the influx of investment is yet to filter down to an austerity-fatigued electorate with over a quarter of the population without jobs and youth unemployment at 55 % , the highest in Europe . Nicholas Spiro , founder of Spiro Sovereign Strategy , told CNN that investor confidence in detached from the economic reality in Greece and largely based on the country 's eurozone status being secure . He added : "  The kind of unemployment and the kind of headwinds that Greece is facing are simply too much . It 's very difficult to see how Greece is going to stage any kind of meaningful recovery . " Read more : Spain turning back the clock on siestas On Wednesdsay , two of the country 's largest public and private sector unions marched on parliament in a general 24-hour strike against the government 's severe cuts to public services . Christodoulou , second-in-command at Greeks largest and oldest commercial bank , said he was n't worried by the protests . Read more : IMF chief 's warning to Europe "  It 's hardly surprising we 've had the odd protest , " he added , "  you have to look at things in a cumulative way and Greeks have come to accept , in a way , they are resigned to accepting all these measures . " Greece 's economic renaissance This week , the European Commission released its autumn economic forecast , estimating that Greece will emerge from recession in 2014 and projected solid growth of 2.9 % for 2015 if the country maintains its current path . Spiro said that Greece will be "  very lucky " to grow next year . "  This is a country that is still struggling to meet the terms of its bailout program , " he added , "  they have been kicked into the long grass to keep the euro show on the road . " Greece fell into recession after the collapse of U.S. bank Lehman Brothers in 2008 , which sparked a euro-wide debt crisis the following year . Since then the southern European nation has received 240 billion euros -LSB- $ 320 billion -RSB- from creditors to prevent a sovereign default on its debt and a possible exit from the 17-nation euro area . Christodoulou told CNN that the next step for Greece is to reduce state intervention in business . He finished by adding : "  In the old days , we had the Greek state directly or indirectly involved in about two thirds of Greek business , and it 's the delight of all Greeks when we see this shrinking drastically now . "	Over a quarter of the Greek population are without jobs and youth unemployment is at 55 % , the highest in Europe Since 2010 Greece has received 240 billion euros -LSB- $ 320 billion -RSB- from creditors to prevent a sovereign default The European Commission expects Greece to emerge from recession next year and robust 2.9 % growth in 2015
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Ralph Nader 's presidential candidacy has received little media attention , but his latest critique of Sen. Barack Obama has come under fire for its seemingly racial overtones . Ralph Nader is running for president as an independent . Speaking with Colorado 's Rocky Mountain News , Nader accused Obama of attempting to "  talk white " and appealing to "  white guilt " in his quest to win the White House . "  There 's only one thing different about Barack Obama when it comes to being a Democratic presidential candidate . He 's half African-American , " Nader told the paper in comments published Tuesday . "  Whether that will make any difference , I do n't know . I have n't heard him have a strong crackdown on economic exploitation in the ghettos . Payday loans , predatory lending , asbestos , lead . What 's keeping him from doing that ? Is it because he wants to talk white ? He does n't want to appear like Jesse Jackson ? We 'll see all that play out in the next few months and if he gets elected afterwards , " Nader added . Obama said Wednesday in Chicago , Illinois , that Nader was simply trying to "  get attention . " "  What 's clear is , Ralph Nader has n't been paying attention to my speeches , " he said . "  Ralph Nader 's trying to get attention . He 's become a perennial political candidate . I think it 's a shame , because if you look at his legacy ... it 's an extraordinary one . ... At this point , he 's somebody who 's trying to get attention , whose campaign has n't gotten any traction . " Watch panelists weigh in on Nader 's remarks " Obama 's presidential campaign earlier had called Nader 's comments disappointing , and his communication 's director , Robert Gibbs , said Tuesday that they were "  reprehensible and basically delusional . " "  I do n't think he 's spent a lot of time looking at the record of Barack Obama , " Gibbs said on MSNBC . Nader is a longtime consumer advocate who was blamed by many Democrats for Al Gore 's loss in the 2000 presidential election ; they said he claimed votes that would otherwise have gone to their candidate . He said Obama 's top issue should be poverty in America , given his racial heritage . Watch Nader describe whom the Democrats should be "  going after " " "  I mean , first of all , the number one thing that a black American politician aspiring to the presidency should be is to candidly describe the plight of the poor , especially in the inner cities and the rural areas , and have a very detailed platform about how the poor is going to be defended by the law , is going to be protected by the law and is going to be liberated by the law , " he said . "  Have n't heard a thing . " Nader also said Obama is making a concerted effort not to be "  another politically threatening African-American politician . " "  He wants to appeal to white guilt . You appeal to white guilt not by coming on as black is beautiful , black is powerful . Basically , he 's coming on as someone who is not going to threaten the white power structure , whether it 's corporate or whether it 's simply oligarchic . And they love it . Whites just eat it up . " Nader formally entered the presidential race in the spring , expressing disappointment with both remaining Democratic candidates at that time . "  They are both enthralled to the corporate powers , " he said of both Obama and Sen. Hillary Clinton . "  They 've completely ignored the presidential pattern of illegality and accountability ; they 've ignored the out of control waste-fraud military expenditures ; they hardly ever mention the diversion of hundreds of billions of dollars to corporate subsidies , handouts and giveaways ; and they do n't talk about a living wage . " CNN political producer Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Obama says Ralph Nader 's trying to "  get attention " with white comments Nader accuses Obama of trying to "  talk white " Obama 's campaign calls the comments "  reprehensible " and "  delusional " Nader : Obama 's top issue should be poverty in America , given his heritage
Elliot Rodger 's difficulties with women were so devastating to him that he vowed to kill anyone he could n't win over . "  My orchestration of the Day of Retribution is my attempt to do everything , in my power , to destroy everything I can not have , " Rodger wrote in a 137-page manifesto obtained by CNN affiliate KEYT . "  All of those beautiful girls I 've desired so much in my life , but can never have because they despise and loathe me , I will destroy . " He also said he despised men who had luck with women and said he would eliminate them , too . "  I will kill them all and make them suffer , just as they have made me suffer , " he added . "  It is only fair . " On Friday , that "  day of retribution " came . Authorities say Rodger , 22 , fatally stabbed three men in his home before killing two women outside a sorority house and then shooting a man at a deli in Isla Vista , California . By the end of his rampage , six victims were dead . Rodger died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound . And perhaps the only clues to the reasons are in the gunman 's haunting dissertation of his life . A life-changing divorce For most of his early childhood , Rodger was a happy boy . But he said his first major traumatic event came when he learned at 7 that his parents were divorcing . He described his parents ' divorce as a devastating , "  life-changing event , " but said he gained more respect for his father after he quickly acquired a girlfriend . "  Males who can easily find female mates garner more respect from their fellow men , even children , " Rodger wrote . "  How ironic is it that my father , one of those men who could easily find a girlfriend , has a son who would struggle all his life to find a girlfriend . " Bitterness after puberty But the impetus for most of Rodger 's angst stemmed from his unfulfilled desires for women . "  As children we all play together as equals in a fair environment . Only after the advent of puberty does the true brutality of human nature show its face , " he wrote . "  Life will become a bitter and unfair struggle for self-worth , all because girls will choose some boys over others . The boys who girls find attractive will live pleasure-filled lives while they dominate the boys who girls deem unworthy . " He described himself as a very jealous person , "  and at the age of nine my jealous nature sprung to the surface . " Rodger wrote about the website PuaHate.com as a "  forum full of men who are starved of sex , just like me . "  Many of them have their own theories of what women are attracted to , and many of them share my hatred of women , though unlike me they would be too cowardly to act on it . Reading the posts on that website only confirmed many of the theories I had about how wicked and degenerate women really are . " The site was down Sunday . "  I certainly would not want to blame a specific website for the violence and a tragedy that was carried out by one specific individual , " Josh Glasstetter , a researcher at the Southern Poverty Law Center , told CNN . "  But his online activities on forums like PuaHate gave his thoughts and beliefs more of a definition , and direction . " Traumatized by porn When Rodger was 11 , a friend he met through a chat room sent him photos of "  beautiful naked girls , " he wrote . "  When I looked at the pictures , I was shocked beyond words . I had never seen what beautiful girls looked like naked , and the sight filled me with strong and overwhelming emotions , " Rodger said in his autobiography . "  I was traumatized . My childhood was fading away . Ominous fear swept over me . ... Indeed , a whole new world had opened up before me , and I had no idea how to prevail in it . I still wanted to live as a child . " The trauma got worse two years later , Rodger said , when he was at an Internet cafe and saw an older teen watching porn . "  The sight was shocking , traumatizing , and arousing . All of these feelings mixed together took a great toll on me , " he wrote . "  I walked home and cried by myself for a bit . I felt too guilty about what I saw to talk to my parents about it . " "  Not getting any sex is what will shape the very foundation of my miserable youth , " he said . Taunting and bullying Rodger said he endured a spate of bullying in the eighth and ninth grades , causing him to be "  more shy and timid than I ever was in my life . " "  I felt very small , weak , and above all , worthless , " he wrote . "  I cried by myself at school every day . " He said one of his worst days came at the end of ninth grade , when a classmate was bragging about having sex with his girlfriend . "  I defiantly told him that I did n't believe him , so he played a voice recording of what sounded like him and his girlfriend having sex , " Rodger wrote . "  I could hear a girl saying his name over and over again while she panted franticly . He grinned at me smugly . I felt so inferior to him , and I hated him . " That sense of inferiority carried over into his college days at Santa Barbara City College . "  Every day that I spent at my college , the more inferior and invisible I felt , " he wrote . "  I felt like such an inferior mouse whenever I saw guys walking with beautiful girls . " ` Sophisticated , polite gentleman ' Some of Rodger 's social media posts were more positive than the rants in his autobiography . He portrayed himself as an affluent young man who drove a black BMW Series 3 coupe and traveled the world . "  I consider myself a sophisticated , polite gentleman , unlike most boys my age , " according to a statement posted on "  Elliot Rodger 's Official Blog . " CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the social media posts . According to the blog , Rodger was born in the United Kingdom and moved to the United States at age 5 . He was raised in the shadow of Hollywood , in the affluent Los Angeles suburb of Woodland Hills , by his father -- a commercial photographer and sometimes director -- and his stepmother , an actress who appeared with Matt Damon in "  Green Zone . " Pictures posted on Rodger 's Facebook page show him with his father , Peter , on the red carpet at the premiere of the 2012 film "  The Hunger Games . " Peter Rodger briefly worked as a second unit assistant director on the film , according to a spokeswoman with Lionsgate Entertainment , the company behind the "  Hunger Games " movie franchise . But it 's also in the blog where Rodger railed against life in Isla Vista . "  I have tried very hard to fit in with the social scene there , but I have ultimately been unable to do so , " the blog states . "  There are too many obnoxious people who have ruined my whole experience at that place . " ` Day of retribution ' The day before before the rampage , a video posted on YouTube featured Rodger ranting for nearly seven minutes against women who he said rejected him and popular kids who ignored him . "  For the past eight years of my life , ever since I hit puberty , I 've been forced to endure an existence of loneliness , rejection and unfulfilled desires all because girls have never been attracted to me , " he said . "  Tomorrow is the day of retribution . The day in which I will have my revenge against humanity , against all of you . " Rampage killings : Fast Facts	"  All of those beautiful girls I 've desired ... I will destroy , " Elliot Rodger wrote In his 137-page autobiography , Rodger said he was traumatized by pornography He also said he was bullied and taunted Authorities say Rodger killed six people before apparently shooting himself in the head
CNN  -- Once "  the Special One , " Jose Mourinho now calls himself "  the Happy One " -- but his much-hyped first press conference back at Chelsea revealed that his new character may well be "  the Stable One . " Nine years and a day after he was first unveiled at the English Premier League club as the brightest coaching talent in world football , Mourinho returned to London after what he described as the worst season of his career in Spain with Real Madrid . He has signed a four-year contract , but has never lasted that long at any club he has managed despite winning multiple national titles and two European crowns . "  Yes . Now I am prepared for that because , to be fair , before I was n't , " the 50-year-old told some 250 gathered reporters Monday when asked if he was ready to stay for a long period . "  I was in a position to say which league I prefer , which one is the club I prefer , which one is the mentality I prefer . "  So now it 's up to me to work hard and show my club that I deserve to be here for a long time . I have a contract for four years and I hope to go to the last day of that and if the club then wants to keep me , I 'll be happy . " Although some key players remain at Stamford Bridge from his first reign , Chelsea has experienced a big turnover of staff since Mourinho left "  by mutual consent " in 2007 -- having eight different managers in that time . Three members of the club 's coaching setup then are now managers at EPL clubs : Tottenham 's Andre Villas-Boas , West Brom 's Steve Clarke and Liverpool 's Brendan Rodgers . "  I found a much better club in different areas , but there is stability needed in football terms , " Mourinho said . He insisted he did not fall out with Chelsea 's billionaire Russian owner Roman Abramovich when he departed six years ago , and that they still have a good relationship . "  I read and I keep hearing that I was fired , I was sacked , we had a complete breakdown of our relationship -- that was not true , " he said . "  Many did n't believe that but it was a mutual agreement . We thought it was best for both of us , for me and the club . "  Only because there was never a breakdown of the relationship is it possible for me to be here today . I think I 'm back because we are in the best moments of our careers and ready to work together again . "  There are much better conditions at this time to succeed and have what we want , stability . " After leaving Chelsea , Mourinho won two Italian Serie A titles and the European Champions League with Inter Milan , which he described Monday as "  probably the best moment of my career . " He refused to dwell on the controversies of his three years at Madrid , where he broke Barcelona 's dominance by winning the La Liga title in 2011-12 with a record points and goal tally but failed to win over the local media after dropping World Cup-winning goalkeeper Iker Casillas . "  It was a football decision , I decided for one player and not the other and it is up to the player to accept it or not , " Mourinho said . "  All my decisions are based on meritocracy , then I can sleep well . " Mourinho was called the "  scourge of Spanish football " by Barcelona 's vice-president and was also criticized by players such as Andres Iniesta , having controversially poked his finger in the eye of coach Tito Vilanova and presided during some ugly , ill-tempered matches between the two teams . "  I ` damaged ' Spanish football by being the manager who broke Barcelona dominance , " he said . "  It looked like a dominance without an end but Real Madrid won the cup final against Barcelona , won the Super Cup against Barcelona , won in Barcelona and won the championship . " Real could not win a 10th European title , though Mourinho guided "  Los Blancos " to three successive Champions League semifinals after several seasons of waiting to reach even the last eight . He said Chelsea would not be fixated on winning the Champions League , having already done so for the first time last year . "  Chelsea focus on every competition -- I ca n't say one is more important than another one . In this moment the Champions League ca n't be an obsession for me . It 's not an obsession for Chelsea . It 's a consequence of our work . " Mourinho refused to criticize Chelsea 's outgoing manager Rafael Benitez for his decision to sparingly use the club 's longtime captain John Terry last season . "  I wo n't speak one word about Rafael Benitez 's decisions , either on John Terry or any other player , all I can speak about is the future and the future is to meet John on July 1 and try to get the best out of him , " said the Portuguese , who had a prickly relationship with the Spaniard when he was at Liverpool . "  I know what he can give , so let 's try to make him again the best player he can be . " Just as Casillas was not guaranteed a place in his team , Mourinho said veteran stars such as Terry and Frank Lampard could expect no favors . "  It is important for me to tell you that there is no privilege for them . They know that already as they know my nature as a manger . " Mourinho had been linked with the managerial jobs at Manchester United and Manchester City , but David Moyes has replaced Alex Ferguson at Old Trafford and Manuel Pellegrini is expected to take over from Roberto Mancini . "  I am where I want to be . I would n't change it for anything , " he said . "  I am the happy one . I am very happy . A lot of things happened in my professional life in the last nine years , but I have the same nature , I am the same person , I have the same heart , I have the same kind of emotions related to my passion for football and my job , but I am a different person in this moment . "  If I have to describe myself , I would describe myself as a very happy person because it 's the first time I arrive in a club where I already love the club . "	Jose Mourinho says he is looking for stability as he returns to Chelsea after six years away Portuguese coach insists he did not have a bad relationship with owner Roman Abramovich He is hoping to see out the whole four years of his contract with English Premier League club Says he will not be obsessed about winning Champions League for the third time
CNN  -- South Korea held off a late rally by Chicago to win a third title in the Little League World Series . Despite letting up three runs in the bottom of the sixth inning , South Korea was able to seal the 8-4 victory . The country also won back-to-back titles in 1984 and 1985 . Hwang Jae-yeong and Jeon Jin-woo drove in two runs apiece and Choi Hae-chan hit a solo home run . "  We know the time difference and that a lot of people were cheering for us , " manager Jong Wook-park told The Associated Press . "  We appreciate the people back in Korea . I told the kids that in a speech . " Thanks to a four-run sixth inning , South Korea led 8-1 at one point . The Jackie Robinson West squad -- composed entirely of young African-Americans -- nearly staged an improbable rally at the end of the game . "  We 're the best team in the nation and the second best team in the world -- you ca n't have anything better than that , " Chicago pitcher and infielder Marquis Jackson told ESPN . Chicago sealed its spot in the title game after topping Las Vegas in the U.S. title game on Saturday . The Jackie Robinson squad entered its own contest Saturday as the underdog -- its foe , Las Vegas , had beaten every team it faced -- including Chicago , which it crushed by a 13-2 score . "  The pride and joy of Illinois is our Jackie Robinson West JRW Little League team , " Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn said . Both of Chicago 's professional baseball teams tweeted in support of the JRW team , as did the Chicago Bulls and Mayor Rahm Emanuel . "  Thank you for inspiring our city with your positive attitude , spirit & success , " Emanuel tweeted . "  You young men will forever be champions of Chicago . " The boys from Chicago 's South Side also sent hearty congratulations from outside the Windy City , including ex-Chicago White Sox great and baseball Hall of Famer Frank Thomas and filmmaker Spike Lee . The South Koreans advanced after crushing Japan 12-3 earlier Saturday . In the consolation game , which was also played on Sunday , Japan beat Las Vegas 5-0 .	South Korea defeats Chicago 8-4 to win the Little League World Series Hwang Jae-yeong and Jeon Jin-woo each drove in two runs Japan posted a 5-0 victory over Las Vegas in the consolation game
President Barack Obama told U.S. governors attending a luncheon Monday that they are cutting too much funding for education and need to make reforms while continuing to invest in the future of America 's students . While acknowledging the tough economic climate for state governments , Obama cited the need to prioritize the long-range significance of a strong education system . "  We 've all faced some stark choices over the past several years , but that is no excuse to lose sight of what matters most , and the fact is that too many states are making cuts to education that I believe are simply too big , " Obama told a White House gathering with the National Governors Association that included some of his harshest Republican critics . "  Nothing more clearly signals what you value as a state than the decisions you make about where to invest , " Obama said . "  Budgets are about choices , so today I 'm calling on all of you : Invest more in education , invest more in our children and in our future . " The luncheon is an annual affair that highlights the constant tension over funding issues between the federal government and states . One table included Republican governors and constant Obama foes Chris Christie of New Jersey , Jan Brewer of Arizona , Bobby Jindal of Louisiana and Nikki Haley of South Carolina . Obama noted the economic outlook is improving from the early days of his administration , saying , "  our recovery is gaining speed . " However , he warned that a failure to maintain significant government investment in education now would cause economic harm in the future by leaving U.S. workers unable to compete in a global marketplace . "  I realize everybody is dealing with limited resources . Trust me , I know something about dealing with tight budgets , " Obama said before citing statistics on decreasing numbers of teachers and higher university costs . "  No issue will have a bigger impact on the future performance of our economy than education , " Obama said , adding that the unemployment rate for Americans with a college degree is roughly half the national average . "  Their incomes are about twice as high as those who only have a high school diploma , " he added . "  So this is what we should be focused on as a nation . It is what we should be talking about and debating . The countries who out-educate us today will out-compete us tomorrow . That 's a simple fact . " Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum called Obama a "  snob " last week because the president advocates that American students to go to college . Santorum framed the issue as Obama seeking to indoctrinate young Americans in what Santorum called the liberal leanings of a majority of U.S. colleges and universities over a four-year college career . Obama , however , made clear Monday that he was talking about all kinds of higher education , including community colleges and specialized training programs to help young people prepare to enter the modern work force . "  When I speak about higher education , we 're not just talking about a four-year degree , " Obama said . The first step is creating a national expectation that all students graduate high school , "  at a minimum , " the president said . At the same time , federal and state governments need to do what they can to make college affordable , he added . "  Americans now owe more in student loan debt than they do in credit card debt , " Obama said , adding that "  state budget cuts have been a major factor in rising tuition costs at state universities . " Insisting that "  all of us have to do more , " Obama said , "  We ca n't allow higher education to be a luxury in this country . "  It 's an economic imperative that every family in America has to be able to afford and , and frankly I do n't think any of this should be a partisan issue , " he continued to applause . "  All of us should be about giving every American who wants to succeed that chance . " After the meeting , Brewer and fellow Republican Gov. Bob McDonnell of Virginia said they agreed with Obama 's thinking . "  I think that we all realize that everybody 's not going to be headed to college , that we have to have ... community colleges and good job training , " said Brewer , who has repeatedly clashed with Obama on immigration policy . "  We need people that fit in with those kinds of skills that they have . So all of that 's really , really important . " McDonnell questioned Santorum 's wording when the presidential contender accused Obama of snobbery for advocating higher education . "  I wish he 'd said it differently , " McDonnell said , adding : "  I think what we say is , we want someone to be career ready or college ready . If we have n't done one of those two things for the young people , we 've failed you . You do n't have access to the American dream . " The bottom line , McDonnell said , is that "  when you look what 's going on in other countries -- China , India , the premium they put on higher education -- we 've got to do better if we still want to be the global leader we are . "	Some Republican governors agree with Obama 's thinking on subject President Obama calls on the nation 's governors to spend more on education The president addresses a luncheon with the National Governors Association He reiterates his push for students to graduate high school and get higher education
