CNN  -- Dionne Warwick was one of the thousands of guests to attend Michael Jackson 's memorial service Tuesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California . Dionne Warwick said Michael Jackson brought a new insight to things people should be paying attention to . Warwick talks with CNN 's Larry King about the moving tributes during the service and the legacy left behind by the "  King of Pop . " King also talks with Warwick 's son , Damon Elliott , who has been a friend of Jackson 's since childhood and was writing a song with Michael just before his death . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : What did you think of the event , Dionne ? Dionne Warwick : Well , it was probably one of the most emotional mornings and afternoons that I 've spent in a very long time . It was done with a great deal of style and class . King : He would 've liked it ? Warwick : He would 've loved it . He would 've loved it . King : How did you and Michael hook up , Damon ? Damon Elliott : From Mom . We shared moms . When I was very little , I used to beg her probably at least once a week , "  Mom , you have to take me out to the house , you have to take me out to the house . " She 'd always say , "  I 'm on tour right now , baby . But when we I get home , we 'll go see Michael . " And one day we did , and he showed up , I think , in my living room or somewhere . King : You were writing a song at his death ? Elliott : Yes . Actually , I was working on some music for the new record that I was going to get over to Jermaine . And the night before he passed away , it 's crazy we were writing a song . King : How great a singer was Michael Jackson ? Warwick : Michael was ... King : A singer -- a pure singer ? Warwick : And he could sing . Yes . Yes . It was more than the magic of everything else that he did . He was a brilliant singer . King : What was he like to work with , if you were working on a song together ? What was that experience like ? Elliott : Well , from a distance , I got to work with Michael . I mostly worked through Jermaine , who was another amazing talent . But just all the brothers , you know , they have so much conviction and so much feeling in their delivery . Watch Jackson family address crowd " And Michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us -- producers , dancers , singers , songwriters . He just had it all . He would come in and beat box a melody and you 'd try to emulate it on a drum machine and it just was impossible . So you 'd just keep what he did . King : What 's Michael Jackson 's legacy ? Warwick : The wonderful things that he did for this entire world . I think he brought a new insight as to the things that we really should be paying attention to . He did it brilliantly , and I think that 's his legacy .	Singer Dionne Warwick : Jackson 's memorial service was done with style , class Warwick 's son was writing a song with Jackson days before his death Damon Elliott : "  Michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us "
Denver  CNN  -- A man suspected of planting a bomb at a mall in Littleton , Colorado , on the 12th anniversary of the attack at Columbine High School was arrested Tuesday at a grocery store in Boulder , authorities said . Earl Albert Moore was taken into custody at a King Soopers grocery store after customers and employees noticed a man they "  deemed suspicious , " Jefferson County Sheriff Ted Mink told reporters at an afternoon press briefing outside the Denver office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation . The arrest brought to an end a search that began last week after a pipe bomb was discovered on April 20 in a back hallway at the Southwest Plaza Mall , just a few miles from the high school where Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold killed more than a dozen people before committing suicide . The discovery of the bomb at the mall sent a ripple of fear through the community , which was marking the 12th anniversary of the rampage at Columbine . Dozens of Jefferson County schools were locked down . But authorities ruled out any connection between the bomb at the mall and the Columbine anniversary . "  This incident had no bearing on any of the schools in the Littleton school district , " Mink told reporters . "  There was absolutely no connection . " Police took Moore into custody at the grocery store Tuesday morning , said Boulder police spokeswoman Kim Kobel . Moore , who was turned over to federal authorities , was scheduled to appear in federal court in Denver on Wednesday , FBI Special Agent Jim Yacone said at the news conference . Authorities did not take questions at the brief news conference . It was not immediately known what federal charges Moore would face for allegedly planting the bomb . Moore allegedly planted the bomb at the mall just one week after he was released from the medium-security Federal Correctional Institution in Estill , South Carolina , authorities said . A federal law enforcement source told CNN Sunday that Moore was serving time for bank robbery when he was released . Federal court records show Moore was sentenced to 18 years in prison for a March 2005 robbery at the Whitesville State Bank in Crab Orchard , West Virginia . Prosecutors asked later for Moore 's sentence to be reduced to reflect "  defendant 's subsequent substantial assistance in investigating or prosecuting another person . " CNN 's Jim Spellman contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities : Bomb suspect to make first court appearance Wednesday NEW : Suspect Earl Albert Moore caught at Boulder grocery store No connection found to Columbine anniversary , authorities say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Three weeks ago , a man behaving strangely in a city subway station in Hong Kong attracted the attention of police , fearing he may be a terrorist plotting a train attack . When police searched him , they found he was engaged in terror of another kind -- a camera rigged into the sole of his shoe carried pictures into a hard drive strapped to his thigh , according to local press reports . The suspect was a video voyeur , rigged to take shots up women 's skirts . "  We saw the man walking suspiciously and weirdly , " Bowen Leung Yiu-kwong , a senior inspector at the police 's railway district , told the South China Morning Post . "  He was later seen stalking a woman with his leg lifted up . " Hong Kong police have arrested 38 people for "  up-skirt " photo taking on the city 's Mass Transit Railway , or MTR , during the first half of this year . While that 's down slightly from the 41 arrested during the same period last year , the incident shows how sexual predators are using technology to become more creative in their criminal activity . "  Some offenders -LSB- commit -RSB- ` photo under skirt ' crimes by attempting to hide their activities by concealing pinhole cameras inside bags , newspapers , and even shoes which they then activate by way of connecting hand operated leads in their pockets , " a press officer from the Hong Kong Police Department told CNN . Professor Karen Joe Laidler , director of the Center for Criminology at the University of Hong Kong , says these criminals are not opportunists , such as criminals who grope women on crowded trains ; rather , they are executing planned attacks . "  The culprits of this type of crime do tend to plan , are creative in their efforts and are generally repeat offenders . There are many websites containing pictures of this type of material , some faked but some real so there is obviously a demand for those types of images , " she said . Depending on what crime offenders taking "  up-skirt " photos are convicted of , loitering or disorder in public places , they face a maximum fine of either HK$ 10,000  $ 1,283  or HK$ 5,000  $ 642  and a prison sentence of six months or one year , respectively . Indecent assault such as groping , on the other hand , carries a sentence of 10 years in prison . Official Police Department statistics show that in the first half of 2011 there were 68 reported cases of indecent assault on the MTR , compared with 72 during the same time period in 2010 . "  Police deploy a combination of both uniform and plainclothes officers in the railway system in order to provide a high profile overt visual deterrence as well as a covert presence designed to catch offenders in the act , particularly during the busy rush hour periods , " a police press officer said . Police say most indecent assault and "  up-skirt " photos taken on the MTR occur in train compartments and on escalators during rush hour . Dr. Laidler noted that "  the crowded conditions , the anonymity and ease of escape are all factors " that makes this environment attractive to predators . In order to deal with the problem of sexual assaults on public transportation , many cities have implemented train compartments reserved for female passengers only . Some public transit systems in Japan began offering "  women-only " train cars a decade ago to "  prevent groping and other problematic behavior , " and to create a sense of safety , according to the Tokyo Metro website . Seoul is implementing a similar system in the near future in response to a 77 % increase in sexual crimes between 2009 and 2010 , according to the Korea Herald . Other countries , like Indonesia , Mexico , Egypt and Brazil have also introduced some form of segregated public transportation to deal with harassment . In January Hong Kong 's Legislative Council debated the issue of introducing female-only subways cars to the city . The Hong Kong Women Development Association continues to actively campaign for female-only passenger cars . But Amy Yeung , Executive Secretary of the Association for the Advancement of Feminism , doubted the effectiveness of segregated passenger cars saying their existence may lead to women who ride in non-segregated cars to be blamed if they are harassed . "  In countries who have -LSB- female only subway cars -RSB- , there are not enough cars , especially during the rush hour . Females are forced to ride in the normal cars . If they are harassed people say , ` Why did n't you use the special car ? ' " she said .	Sexual predators are using technology to become more creative in their criminal activity In the first half of 2011 , 38 people were arrested for "  up-skirt " photos on the MTR In response , many cities have train compartments reserved for female passengers only
CNN  -- Pushpa Basnet , a Nepalese woman who supports children so they do n't have to live behind bars with their incarcerated parents , was named the 2012 CNN Hero of the Year on Sunday night . Nepal is one of the poorest countries , and space is very limited in the few group homes affiliated with the government . So when a parent is incarcerated and no other guardian can be found , children have little choice but to live in prison as well . Basnet , 29 , is determined to give these children another option . She started a home in Kathmandu where children can receive education , food , medical care and a chance to live a more normal life . She also runs a day care program for children who are too young to be separated from their parent . "  These children have done nothing wrong . They are simply caught in something they do not understand , " Basnet said during "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " which took place at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles and honored her and the other top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 . "  We want to work with the government to bring them all out from of prison . And they deserve a better future . " Basnet talks to Anderson Cooper Since 2005 , Basnet has helped more than 140 children through her nonprofit , the Early Childhood Development Center . Basnet was chosen as Hero of the Year through a nine-week public vote held on CNN.com . For being named CNN Hero of the Year , she receives $ 250,000 to continue her work . That is in addition to the $ 50,000 that each of the top 10 Heroes are receiving . When accepting the Hero of the Year award , Basnet relayed a message to incarcerated children in Nepal . "  Mamu 's going to take you out from the prison , and you 're coming to my place , " said Basnet , who is called "  Mamu " by many of the children . "  This is for my children , and this is for my country Nepal . Thank you so much everybody who voted for me and who believed in my dream . " This is the sixth year of the CNN Heroes campaign . In that time , more than 180 CNN Heroes have been profiled on CNN , chosen from more than 45,000 nominations submitted through the CNN Heroes website . Each year , the campaign culminates with a live tribute show that brings together some of the biggest names in the entertainment industry . The celebrities who took part in this year 's show included movie stars Susan Sarandon , Adrien Brody , Maria Bello , Viola Davis , Harvey Keitel and Josh Duhamel ; athletes Jeff Gordon and Cullen Jones ; and hip-hop artist 50 Cent . Television stars Rainn Wilson  "  The Office "  , Rico Rodriguez  "  Modern Family "  , Jane Lynch  "  Glee "  , Miranda Cosgrove  "  iCarly "  and David Spade  "  Rules of Engagement "  also participated . There were two musical performances during the show . "  American Idol " winner Phillip Phillips performed "  Home , " and three-time Grammy Award winner Ne-Yo sang "  Heroes . " In addition to receiving $ 50,000 , this year 's top 10 Heroes will also receive free training from the Annenberg Foundation , a leading supporter of nonprofits worldwide . Each Hero will receive a customized version of the Annenberg Alchemy program , which provides practical guidance on fundraising , communications , management and much more . "  We have found that the most effective nonprofits are like the CNN Heroes -- organizations with strong and visionary leaders and a bold , new approach to getting the job done , " said Wallis Annenberg , the foundation 's president , CEO and chairman of the board . "  Our hope is that in supporting them -- especially smaller nonprofits , still struggling to survive and to thrive -- we will help them get wider attention and become models across the world . " Here are the top 10 Heroes of 2012 , in alphabetical order : Pushpa Basnet Pushpa Basnet was shocked to learn that many children in Nepal have to live in prisons with their parents . In 2005 , she started a children 's center that has provided support , such as housing , education and medical care , to more than 140 children of incarcerated parents . Wanda Butts Wanda Butts lost her son in a drowning accident six years ago . In his memory , she started the Josh Project , a nonprofit that taught nearly 1,200 children -- most of them minorities -- how to swim . Mary Cortani Mary Cortani is a former Army dog trainer who started Operation Freedom Paws , a nonprofit that helps war veterans train their own service dogs . Since 2010 , she has worked with more than 80 veterans who have invisible wounds such as post-traumatic stress disorder . Catalina Escobar Catalina Escobar is helping young moms in Colombia , where one in five girls age 15-19 is or has been pregnant . Since 2002 , her foundation has provided counseling , education and job training to more than 2,000 teenage mothers . Razia Jan Razia Jan is fighting to educate girls in rural Afghanistan , where terrorists will stop at nothing to keep them from learning . She and her team at the Zabuli Education Center are providing a free education to about 350 girls , many of whom would n't normally have access to school . Thulani Madondo Thulani Madondo struggled as a child growing up in the slums of Kliptown , South Africa . Today , his Kliptown Youth Program provides school uniforms , tutoring , meals and activities to 400 children in the community . Leo McCarthy In memory of his daughter who was killed by a drunken driver in 2007 , Leo McCarthy started Mariah 's Challenge . The nonprofit gives college scholarships to teenagers who pledge not to drink while they 're underage . Nearly $ 150,000 in scholarship money has been awarded . Connie Siskowski Connie Siskowski is helping young people who have to take care of an ill , disabled or aging family member . Since 2006 , her nonprofit has provided assistance to more than 550 young caregivers in Palm Beach County , Florida . Scott Strode After beating his addiction to drugs and alcohol , Scott Strode found support through sports . Since 2007 , his nonprofit , Phoenix Multisport , has provided free athletic activities and a sober support community to more than 6,000 participants in Colorado . Malya Villard-Appolon Malya Villard-Appolon is a rape survivor dedicated to supporting victims of sexual violence in Haiti . In 2004 , she co-founded KOFAVIV , an organization that has helped more than 4,000 rape survivors find safety , psychological support and/or legal aid .	Pushpa Basnet is revealed Sunday night as the 2012 CNN Hero of the Year Basnet supports children in Nepal so they do n't have to live behind bars with their parents For being named Hero of the Year , Basnet receives $ 250,000 to continue her work
CNN  With the announcement that E! will air a new documentary series this summer about Bruce Jenner 's transition from male to female , fans are eagerly awaiting bearing witness to the former Olympian 's journey . The as yet not titled eight-part , one-hour series is set to premiere July 26 . Jenner , who along with his family has starred in the hit E! reality series "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians , " recently went public with the fact that he is transgender . Here are a few things we hope the new show will offer : A closer look at Jenner 's current relationship with his former wife Fans of "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " often got to see the sometimes strained relationship between Bruce and his wife Kris . As the Kardashian family matriarch who also manages her kids ' careers , Kris butted heads with Bruce over everything from their children to his desire for more privacy . The pair announced they had filed for divorce in September 2014 after some time of living apart . There has been plenty of speculation regarding Kris Jenner 's feelings about Bruce 's transitioning though she tweeted her support after he made the announcement Friday during an interview with ABC 's Diane Sawyer . What role he will take in the transgender community Before he was a realty television star , Jenner was a popular motivational speaker . He is already being hailed for bringing attention to the transgender community . "  Bruce is incredibly courageous and an inspiration , and we are proud to be entrusted with this deeply personal and important story , " said Jeff Olde , executive vice president of programming and development for E! "  This series will present an unfiltered look as Bruce boldly steps into uncharted territory and is true to himself for the first time . " According to E! Jennifer Finney Boylan , who is the national co-chair of GLAAD , will serve as a consultant on Jenner 's series . "  Orange Is the New Black " actress Laverne Cox , who is transgender , has also offered Jenner her support . "  I think a lot of people tuned in expecting to see a spectacle , and they tuned in and saw a profoundly nuanced , complicated , beautiful human being , " Cox told MSNBC 's Janet Mock . His relationship with his kids Jenner is extremely close with his children . He has six biological kids with former wives Chrystie Scott , Linda Thompson , and Kris Jenner . He also helped raise Kris Jenner 's four children -- Kourtney , Kim , Khloe and Robert Kardashian -- from her first marriage . "  Those are the ones I 'm concerned with and the only ones I do n't -- I ca n't allow , I ca n't let myself hurt them , " Jenner told Sawyer during their interview about his fear in telling his children . Many of his kids appear supportive of his transition and his two youngest , daughter Kendall and Kylie , released the following statement to ABC about their father : "  We love our dad very much as he is an amazing father . We could n't ask for a better dad . He has the biggest heart and all we want for him is to be happy . If he 's happy , we 're happy . " How fans will react Jenner has long been one of the world 's most popular Olympic gold medalists . Viewers of "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " often praised him for being so level-headed amidst all the paparazzi-fueled chaos . But with his new series Jenner will be taking center stage and venturing into completely new territory at a time when some still grapple with issues of gender and sexuality . He sounds like he is ready . "  We 're going to make a difference in the world with what we 're doing , and if the whole Kardashian show gave me a foothold into that world , to be able to go out there and do something good , I got not problem with that , " Jenner told Sawyer .	E! plans to air a new Jenner reality show this summer It will follow his transition from male to female
CNN  "  Age before beauty " goes the old adage , but in the advertising industry the opposite has always seemed to be the case . Young , fresh faced women were chosen as the poster girls for brands selling products to make women look and feel young again , or maintain that ever essential ` youthful glow ' . But now it seems that fashion and cosmetics companies in particular are moving towards a somewhat older group of models . At 80 years old , author Joan Didion was announced as the new face of Céline for SS15 and is the subject of a new photography show - and she is not the first older woman to have been chosen by big brands . She joins other older models including Helen Mirren  69  and Jane Fonda  76  for L'Oreal , Joni Mitchell  71  for Saint Laurent and Charlotte Rampling  69  who became the face of Nars lipstick late last year . Hiring older models has been de rigueur lately with Julia Roberts , 47 , having continued success as the face of Lancôme , but that does not mean she is not feeling the pressure . "  By Hollywood standards , I guess I 've already taken a big risk in not having had a facelift , " Roberts told the UK 's You Magazine . "  I 've told Lancôme that I want to be an ageing model -- so they have to keep me for at least five more years until I 'm over 50 . " Eschewing plastic surgery , Roberts has her own methods of looking young ; "  It 's about non-grasping , non-hoarding , cleaning out your closet , dusting out your mind and letting go of the things that weigh you down mentally and emotionally . " Award-winning photographer Nancy Honey has her own ideas about why its important to see images of older women : "  In my own lifetime I have witnessed a profound shift : from little girls imagining their future as marriage and children to the now total belief from childhood that a woman will grow up to have a career outside the home . " "  It is more important than ever to see the important women from all fields in our society and hear their voices of experience . " Honey 's recent exhibition at Somerset house , 100 Leading Ladies , aimed to transform the perception of what is possible for women to achieve in their lives . 100 older British women were photographed Honey in settings that inspire them and interviewed by former Times journalist Hattie Garlick , the results were all compiled into a book , published by Dewi Lewis Media which was launched in tandem with the Somerset House exhibition . "  Didion by Wasser " is showing from February 12 - March 21 at Danziger Gallery , 521 West 23rd Street , New York 13 of the women featured in the book can be seen in the gallery above . Read : Bobbi Brown 's billion-dollar idea : ` Lipstick like lips ' Watch : Tough childhood inspired Jo Malone Be inspired : From Posh Spice to entrepreneur of the year	Joan Didion : Face of Céline at 80 and subject of new exhibition She joins other older models including Jane Fonda , 76 Older women are becoming more sought after in advertising
CNN  -- Before Saturday , a Florida teenager who sent or received nude photos or video could have been charged with a felony and forced to register as a sex offender . But a new law , recognizing the proliferation of cell phones and computers , eases the penalties for "  sexting " infractions . A first offense is punishable by eight hours of community service or a $ 60 fine ; the second is a misdemeanor and the third is a felony . State Rep. Joseph Abruzzo , D-Wellington , sponsored the legislation , which was approved in June . "  When our child pornography laws were written , they failed to take into account advances in technology , such as cell phones , " Abruzzo said in a statement published on the website of CNN affiliate WPBF in West Palm Beach . "  This bill  modernizes these laws to ensure that children 's lives are not ruined due to youthful indiscretion . This reform will let our youth know that such behavior is wrong without labeling them sex offenders for the rest of their lives . " CNN could not immediately reach Abruzzo for comment Saturday . Under House Bill 75 , teens who receive explicit images wo n't be charged if they took reasonable steps to report it , did not solicit the image and did not send it to someone . A recent Associated Press/MTV poll of Internet behavior found one of three teen and young adult respondents said they 've taken part in "  sexting , " which includes sending sexually charged texts . The survey is part of MTV 's "  A Thin Line " campaign , a multi-year effort to stamp out digital abuse . Seventy-one percent of the survey 's respondents said that "  sexting " is a problem for Web users their age . Ten percent of respondents who said they 'd exchanged sexual messages said they 'd done so with people they know only online -- a steep drop from the 29 percent who said they 'd done so in 2009 . "  There 's probably a lot of kids who do n't realize how this  sexting  could impact their life , " Karl Bergstrom of Fort Myers told CNN affiliate WINK .	New Florida law eases penalties for teens engaged in "  sexting " Previously , they could have been charged with a felony , forced to register as a sex offender Law provides for range of penalties , from fine to felony charge
CNN  -- Usually television focuses its attention on winners , but American Andrew Talansky 's fighting spirit and never-say-die attitude prompted a rethink Wednesday in one of the world 's toughest sporting events . Appropriately nicknamed the "  Pit Bull , " Talansky had to show all those qualities just to get to the finish of the 11th stage of the Tour de France . Heavy falls on previous days had rendered the former outsider for yellow jersey honors a relative passenger -- over 14 minutes adrift of race leader Vincenzo Nibali of Italy after the 10th stage ahead of Tuesday 's rest day . Little good that had done the former U.S. Collegiate champion , who was born in Miami . According to his Garmin-Sharp team , Talansky had awoken with a very sore back as a result of his injuries and it was clear from the start of the 187.5 km leg from Besancon to Oyonaxx that he was in trouble . The terrain for most of the stage was flat and riders of his quality usually have little difficulty in staying with the main bunch , gaining shelter from other riders , but not for Talansky this day . With 82km to go he became distanced and as a winner of the prestigious Dauphine Libere race just ahead of the Tour , the television coverage took an interest in his plight . So as Nibali and the other leaders rode comfortably along , Talansky was seen with his face etched in agony and with tears in his eyes . Even for one with such dogged determination the hopelessness of his plight was apparent and with 60km to go Talansky briefly stopped to talk with his team managers . The official Tour de France website reported he had quit and nobody could have criticized him , but moments later Talansky was back in the saddle , grimacing again and slipping even further off the pace . The closing kilometers of the stage took the peloton over some testing short climbs and it was a whittled down leading group which rolled into Oyonaxx . Nibali and his Astana team did an excellent job of controlling the race so he came under no danger , but French rider Tony Gallopin , who briefly held the yellow jersey on Bastille Day , July 4 , took his opportunity to claim a superb stage win . The Lotto-Belisol star had time in hand to raise his arms in triumph with the fast-charging John Degenkolb claiming second . Nibali retained his two minutes 23 second advantage over second-placed Richie Porte of Team Sky with Alejandro Valverde of Spain a further 24 seconds adrift . Talansky might have hoped to be among the leading contenders , now the 25-year-old was just battling to survive the time cut off for the stage . He came in 32 minutes and five seconds after Gallopin crossed the line and just inside the time limit , with riders having to finish within a certain percentage of the winner under Tour rules . Team director Charly Wegelius praised Talansky 's courage . "  We know he had a very hard day , worse than we expected , " he told the official Tour de France website . "  It 's very disappointing to come to this race with the kind of of expectations that Andrew had . He deserved much better than this , so that 's cruel . It came from these two crashes in two days . "  For someone with this character it 's only natural to make it to the finish line , " he added . Talansky will hope he can avoid a similar problem over the next few days and get a chance to shine in the Alps and Pyrenees where his climbing ability could give him the opportunity of a stage win . It was to his probable disadvantage that a blazing sun finally shone Wednesday after the cool and wet conditions which have marked earlier stages and seen the departure of race favorites such as defending champion Chris Froome and two-time winner Alberto Contador to crashes . With those two sidelined it has been a gift to 2013 Giro d'Italia winner Nibali -- who looks unstoppable after winning the second and 10th stages in fine style . But as Talansky found , it takes just a momentary loss of concentration or a mass pileup to wreck one 's chances in an instant and render even a talented rider powerless to keep up with a surging peloton racing at over 40kmph for the 3,664 km of this year 's Tour . Thursday might offer further respite with a 185.5 km leg from Bourg-en-Bresse to Saint-Etienne , expected to favor sprinters such as Germany 's Marcel Kittel , who has already won three stages on this year 's race , including the opener where 25-time stage winner Mark Cavendish also crashed out .	Tony Gallopin wins 11th stage of Tour de France Vincenzo Nibali retains yellow jersey Focus on bravery of U.S. rider Andrew Talansky Talansky survives inside time limit on 187.5 km stage
CNN  -- On perhaps this year 's most compelling drama , the credits have yet to roll . Many have described that drama -- a story , apparently directed by North Korea , of Sony Pictures being hacked in retribution for a movie our foreign adversary considered an affront -- as novel . It is not . While this cyberattack is notable for how much it took place in public view , the offensive use of cyber-weapons is far from new . Sony is , in fact , just the latest victim in a recent , escalating spate of such attacks aimed at undermining our economic and national security interests . Examples are numerous , and the damage to our economic and national interests has been severe . Our financial institutions have been repeatedly targeted by criminal enterprises acting with impunity and at the direction of countries like Russia and Iran , according to news reports . Our defense sector has seen a barrage of attacks aimed at siphoning off information that will undermine our nation 's security . Reports have detailed a Chinese hacking enterprise traceable to a single , government-run building in Shanghai . And a Department of Justice 's indictment against five members of China 's People 's Liberation Army reveals specifics of China 's attempts to infiltrate and steal intellectual property from businesses in several industrial sectors . The theft of intellectual property through cyber-espionage has been called "  the greatest transfer of wealth in history , " and cyber-crime and espionage reportedly cost the global economy $ 445 billion annually . Recent reports have , moreover , confirmed that our nation 's energy grid is critically vulnerable . The Sony attack made headlines in part because it revealed Hollywood secrets and celebrity squabbles that were fodder for celebrity gossip and well-suited for tabloid spectacle . But that does n't make the damage any less serious . These ruthless cyberattacks damaged a company 's reputation , opened the door to uncertain legal liabilities , and made light of our nation 's copyright and intellectual property laws . They shattered any notion we may have had about our personal data and private communications remaining private . We should all be troubled by Sony 's decision to entirely cancel the release of the film "  The Interview " in response to threats of physical violence by belligerent hackers . Simply put : When decisions like this are made , America 's enemies win . But make no mistake : Our enemies are emboldened by this administration 's failure to develop and adequately resource a comprehensive cyber-strategy and respond decisively to increasingly sophisticated and motivated cyber-adversaries . Congress must pass meaningful cyber-legislation that allows our private sector and government to cooperate and share information that can be used to halt attacks before damage is done . We need , as a nation , to establish norms on what is permissible in cyberspace and ensure that law enforcement has the tools it needs to hold cyber-criminals , whether hacktivists or nation-states , accountable for their harm , When Congress returns in January , I will work to make cyber-security a top priority . If elected Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , I will establish a subcommittee focused on overseeing military cyber-programs , operations and activities . This is Hollywood 's moment in the cyber-victim spotlight . The nation must transform these events into momentum to revise our strategy and improve our capabilities against such threats . Our enemies will , no doubt , be watching .	John McCain : Sony hack is only one recent example of escalating cyber-attacks Such attacks , some laid to China and Russia , threaten U.S. interests , he says He says the administration and Congress must develop a comprehensive cyber strategy
CNN  -- Authorities in the United Arab Emirates should "  retract their decision to cancel the residency permits of dozens of Syrians who took part in a peaceful protest against the Syrian government in Dubai , " Human Rights Watch said in a statement Friday . On February 10 , more than 2000 people protested against the Syrian regime in Dubai . As the demonstrators did n't have a permit to protest , Dubai police asked them to leave . According to a source close to the leadership of the Syrian National Council , which opposes the Syrian government , most left , but dozens stayed behind and continued protesting . About 60 Syrians had their residency permits revoked , the source told CNN on Monday . In their statement , HRW said the UAE canceled the residency permits of about 50 Syrians for demonstrating . But a United Arab Emirates official told CNN on Monday that the number of Syrians affected was much lower . "  The decision was not to renew the residence of a few people -- much less than 60 . It was around 30 , " said the official , who did not want to be identified . "  It was not to deport them or to send them to Syria . It was to give them the option to go anywhere they wish . " The official said authorities could have arrested hundreds because "  the demonstration was not licensed . It was not legal . Nevertheless , nobody touched anybody , nobody was arrested . " He added that the Syrians who lost residency permits had been "  involved in other activities " -- but would not detail what those activities were . In their statement , HRW said , "  the UAE government has shown little tolerance for public demonstrations or strikes , regardless of whether they are peaceful . " In the UAE , gatherings and demonstrations are not allowed without a government permit . The source close to the SNC leadership told CNN that while the protesters who stayed "  were in the wrong " for not leaving when told to do so , but "  that does n't mean the UAE needs to cancel their residencies . " The source said the SNC has been negotiating with the UAE 's foreign ministry and was assured last week that the permits would be reinstated -- but that has not happened . He said protesters are "  asking for mercy from UAE authorities , as this wo n't just affect the men whose residencies were canceled -- but their families as well . " The United Arab Emirates is one of the six Gulf Cooperation Council countries to have expelled Syrian envoys and to have recalled their Ambassadors from Syria in response to the government 's crackdown there . "  The UAE calls on Syrian President Assad to respect the right of peaceful protesters , yet it is expelling Syrians from its country for exercising this basic right , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch , in HRW 's statement . Added Whitson , "  these expulsions show that Emirati authorities are intolerant of any protest or expression of dissent on UAE soil even if it is not geared toward them . " A Syrian who left after Emirati officials gave him 10 days to depart told CNN earlier this week that he is worried about his future . "  I lived and worked in the UAE for years , all my family is there . I never did anything wrong , " said the man who did not want to be named out of fear for his family . According to HRW , other Syrian nationals in the UAE are not speaking out about their expulsion because they are afraid they will be deported to Syria . The rights group said , "  Syrian protesters forced out of the UAE face a significant risk to their personal security if they return to Syria . ... The protesters also are at risk of persecution on return to Syria if Syrian authorities find out they protested against the regime or the circumstances of their expulsion . " The source close to the SNC leadership , said UAE authorities gave the Syrians a deadline of this past February 29 to leave the country , and that at least five have left the UAE in recent days -- including two to Egypt , two to Jordan and one to Saudi Arabia , he said . The UAE official said the deadline is "  flexible . " According to HRW , at least 10 of the protesters had to leave the UAE , with "  some of them going to Egypt , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , and Qatar . " The rights group added they do not have any information indicating that anyone was sent back to Syria . The UAE official who spoke to CNN said none of those asked to leave the country had been deported to Syria . CNN 's Yousef Rafayah contributed to this report	On February 10 , more than 2000 people protested against the Syrian regime in Dubai As demonstrators did n't have a permit to protest , Dubai police asked them to leave Source : Most left , but dozens stayed behind and continued protesting , some Syrians Source : 60 Syrians had their residency permits revoked
CNN  -- Top seed Caroline Wozniacki and tournament favorite Serena Williams both came through third round matches in straight sets Saturday at the U.S . Open . Wozniacki , still seeking her first grand slam title , completed a comfortable 6-2 6-4 victory over America 's Vania King . The Danish world number one will now play either former champion Svetlana Kuznetsova or Uzbekistan 's Akgul Amanmuradova for a place in the quarterfinals . "  It 's great to be through . I was fighting and getting a lot of balls back . It was windy out there so it was quite difficult to play , " said Wozniacki , who has collected six tour titles in 2011 . If the seedings go to form , she could face Williams , who survived a second-set fightback from fourth seed Victoria Azarenka before winning 6-1 7-6  7-5  on Arthur Ashe . Williams , seeking a fourth U.S. Open crown , powered through the first set and looked set to complete a routine straight sets victory as she led 5-3 in the second . Azarenka had to save three match points on her service before breaking her American opponent to force a tiebreak . But Williams , seeded a lowly 28th after injury and illness , kept her nerve to go through . Seventh seed Francesca Schiavone from Italy is also through to the fourth round after coming from a set down to beat South Africa 's Chanelle Scheepers 5-7 , 7-6  7-5  , 6-3 , while Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro beat her compatriot Silvia Soler-Espinosa 6-0 , 6-4 . But 11th seed Jelena Jankovic went out , beaten by Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova of Russia 6-4 6-4 .	Wozniacki eases into the fourth round at the U.S. Open with 6-2 6-4 win over Vania King Danish star is seeking her first grand slam title Serena Williams beats Victoria Azarenka in straight sets to reach last 16
CNN  -- Miami is well known for its tropical weather , retiree community and Cuban-American population , but not so much as an international art hub . Luckily for downtown Miami , billionaire real-estate developer Jorge Pérez wants to change that . The real estate developer and art lover donated $ 40 million , half made up from his private art collection , to the Pérez Art Museum Miami , known as PAMM , one of the few major institutions in the United States with a Hispanic name . That 's certainly one way to put Miami on the map . Ancient village found in Miami Downtown Miami is in the midst of a major revitalization : David Beckham is hoping to build a stadium there for his recently announced Miami soccer team . Within the art world , the international art and fashion extravaganza Art Basel , which has taken place in Miami Beach for more than a decade , is considered to be the country 's leading art fair with 130 international museum and institutions attracting tens of thousands of people to the five-day event . Jorge Pérez hopes his museum will help take Miami to the next level . "  Cultural institutions have played a critical role in the growth of Miami , with this museum as a leading example , " Pérez said in an interview with CNN . Before Pérez was known as the "  Condo King of South Florida , " he started as an urban planner , focusing on low-income housing developments . Then , he co-founded a real estate development firm , The Related Group of Florida , working in high-end condo construction in the 1980s . In 2005 , TIME magazine named him one of the top 25 most influential Hispanics in the United States . The 64-year-old billionaire also made Forbes list of 400 richest Americans several times , the only Latino immigrant to do so . Born in Argentina to Cuban parents , Pérez grew up in Colombia before migrating to Miami as a teen . His lifelong passion for Latin American art stems from his upbringing . In his early 20s , he started collecting paintings by Roberto Matta , Diego Rivera , Wifredo Lam , and Joaquin Torres-Garcia . Now , 110 works selected by the museum from Pérez 's private collection are available for everyone to see inside the three-story , 200,000-square-foot museum , designed by the Pritzker Prize-winning Swiss architects Herzog & de Meuron . Walk inside the $ 220 million building and you will be surrounded by tall glass windows that are said to be the largest hurricane impact resistant in the world . Hanging from every side of the museum are 70 self-watering hydroponic gardens , designed by French landscape artist Patrick Blanc . The museum focuses on international art of the 20th and 21st centuries , and is currently showing Chinese artist-activist Ai Weiwei 's "  According to What ? " collection . PAMM is one of the main attractions in what was known as Bicentennial Park , now Museum Park -- which will also house the Patricia and Phillip Frost Museum of Science , set to open in 2015 . The Pérez Art Museum had a smooth opening last year except for one slight hiccup : naming it . While the majority of board members voted in favor of naming the museum after Pérez , four resigned in protest . It seems they had their heart set on the "  Miami Art Museum . " That 's because $ 100 million of the $ 167 million raised was city and county taxpayer money and the city of Miami donated the waterfront land where PAMM sits . Some of the board members argued the name of the museum should represent the city 's central art museum . "  I can not speak for others . However , the great majority of the board was supportive . On a board of 47 , 43 voted in favor of the renaming , " Pérez said . Pérez has been involved with the museum since well before the building project began and he said he is honored the board chose to recognize him in that way . "  I think most people want to be remembered with the causes they feel worthwhile and helped promote , " Pérez said . It seemed odd that PAMM received its share of strife for naming it after donor when just a few years ago the Miami Science Museum 's name was changed to the Patricia and Phillip Frost Museum of Science after a generous donor who gave $ 35 million to construct the new museum in Museum Park . "  The name change has been extremely well received by the community . Patricia and Phillip Frost are very well-liked people and they symbolize what we 're about , " said Gillian Thomas , president and CEO of Patricia and Phillip Frost Museum of Science . When it comes to naming rights , perhaps Miami takes its art more seriously than science . "  People have opinions about art , whereas science is a bit more concrete , so there would n't be backlash for naming a building after a donor , " Thomas said . But , she points out , naming Miami 's art museum after Pérez carries "  a sense of pride " for the Hispanic community , even though his art donation "  does n't represent a collection . " "  Jorge Pérez is the first major donor from the Hispanic community , " Thomas said . Other American art museums have been named after donors , like The J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles , and have n't stirred any controversy . "  While people may not agree on a name , " Thomas said , "  everyone can see that downtown Miami is quickly becoming a hub for science and art , which means donations are needed . " So far that does n't seem to be a problem for the Pérez Art Museum ; it has reached the 90 % mark in its $ 220 million capital campaign .	The new Pérez Art Museum Miami was named after billionaire donor Jorge Pérez It 's part of a bigger revitalization of downtown Miami Pérez : Museum is "  a leading example " of cultural institutions helping revitalize Miami The $ 220M art museum is part of downtown Miami 's goal to become an international art hub
CNN  -- In November 1961 , few would have realized just how groundbreaking the first issue of "  Fantastic Four " would become . The series -- about a group of space explorers given various superpowers after being hit by cosmic rays -- began a new era for Marvel Comics , signaling the start of their wave of Silver Age characters , including Spider-Man , the X-Men , the Hulk , Iron Man and many more . Now , nearly 50 years later , the company has announced that the series ' current story arc , "  Three " -- the next-to-last issue of which hits stores Wednesday -- will result in the demise of one member of the iconic superhero team . Marvel executive editor Tom Brevoort made it crystal clear : "  A core character from the series , whom you 've seen in the -LSB- 2005 and 2007 -RSB- films , will be no more , " he told CNN . Current "  Fantastic Four " writer Jonathan Hickman said that the plot twist grew from a multiyear story he pitched once he started working on the book . "  Everything has led to this moment , " he said . "  It serves the story and gets where we want for the Fantastic Four . " "  This was n't a case where we started with , ` Let 's kill a character , ' " Brevoort said . " -LSB- Hickman -RSB- had this story , and at one point , he said this character will die . There was never a moment where we said it could be this one or that one . There was only one choice to us as we headed down this series of stories . " Brevoort said this character 's death will have a ripple effect on other Marvel books . "  The hook is the fact that one of the four characters will be shuffling off this mortal coil . That 's really a small part , " he said . "  What we 're actually doing is completely transmogrifying the ` FF ' as a thing . At the end of this story , there wo n't even be a book called ` Fantastic Four ' anymore ; there will be something new that will be interesting and exciting . Out of this moment , a new thing will be born . " Indeed , Marvel recently announced that the first issue of a new series called "  FF , " subtitled "  A Beginning , " will hit stores in March . This is n't the first time the team has experienced what at least seemed to be a death in Marvel 's "  first family . " In 1994 , for example , Sue Richards , a.k.a. the Invisible Woman , took over as team leader -- in what was , for a short time , a trio -- when her husband Reed , a.k.a. . Mr. Fantastic , was believed to be dead .  It turned out he had been ripped out of the time stream .  Ben Grimm , a.k.a. the Thing , was briefly thought to be dead in 2004 as well . Then there was Superman 's death in 1992 and Captain America 's in 2007 , which made big headlines at the time . And as with those characters , most seem to return eventually . "  Mainstream comics have done these ` Death of ... ' stories so frequently , never keeping the characters dead , so it 's lost all meaning to me as a fan , " said Bob Bretall of comicbookpage.com , who nevertheless said he is really enjoying the current "  Fantastic Four " story arc . "  Look no further than the upcoming ` death of Spider-Man . ' Of course , it 's not the ` real ' Spider-Man , it 's -LSB- the alternate universe -RSB- Ultimate Spider-Man . " Comic book reader/iReporter Omekongo Dibinga is also not a fan of characters dying and coming back : "  It 's like a musician saying they 're retiring and they keep coming back , like Jay-Z . " In response , Hickman said the ultimate gauge of its success would be its resonance with readers . "  I wanted to invert -LSB- the ` Mad Men ' formula -RSB- , to take a book about adventure and science fiction but inject nostalgia into it . Because that is the way the book feels now , this will resonate , " he said . "  When you couple that with the fact that all of this was planned in advance and we 're working toward a goal , I feel that we will be confident that we did a good job . " "  It 's very easy to develop cynicism about the stories we tell , " Brevoort added . "  The only way to combat and conquer it is to have a story that touches on the humanness of people that has emotional resonance and truth to it . The fact of death is something every human being can relate to . I would argue that a well-told story of a character 's demise is not necessarily undone by them coming back later . " Brevoort went on to say that response from readers to the story has grown over the past few months , due in no small part to the way events have played out . "  We 've tightened the screws and had each member in a critical life-or-death situation , " he said . "  Once you get to -LSB- the most recent issue -RSB- , you hopefully will have absolutely no idea which character will take the fall because there are dire circumstances and threats that make it unlikely that anybody will get out . It 's amazing that all three get out alive . " Indeed , it 's become a popular guessing game among readers as to which member will kick the bucket . Bretall believes it will be Johnny Storm , a.k.a. the Human Torch , since his death has not even been hinted at in previous stories .  Both the Torch and the Thing are holding down the fort at the team 's Baxter Building , which the army of the Anti-priest plans to attack . Dibinga is betting that the Thing will be the one to perish . "  He is the one who is the easiest to replace . There are not many characters with the powers of the other three , " he said . "  Plus , he 's not a direct part of the family , so he would be the easiest to let go . " Quite possibly the most recognizable character of the group , the loss of the Thing  known for the catchphrase "  It 's clobberin ' time ! "  , would be especially heartbreaking because he only recently has been able to go back to his normal appearance for one week out of every year . At the same time , he appeared in an image released Tuesday promoting this spring 's big Marvel event , "  Fear Itself . " Invisible Woman seemed headed for danger , having told her family that she was leaving to "  referee a harmless meeting " about New Atlantis , which has turned out to be anything but . Bretall points out another clue , though : "  On the cover of ` FF # 1 ' they have three hexagons , two filled in & one clear , which I 'm guessing represents Sue . " As for team leader Mr. Fantastic , he 's currently dealing with the planet eater Galactus , who has reared his ugly head once again , and that 's never good . So , who will it be ? We 'll find out with issue No. 587 on January 26 ; and if Marvel has its way , not a moment before . "  It will come sealed in a bag , " Brevoort said . "  I cavalierly called it the ` death shroud . ' " The black bag with the "  Fantastic Four " logo and a number three has been compared -- even by Brevoort -- to the bag that carried the "  Death of Superman " issue . "  In this modern-day internet era , it 's very difficult to keep any surprise a surprise , " he said . "  Another predilection of our core constituency is they like to keep their books pristine . It will cause someone real pain to ruin the story and scan it . "	Marvel executive : "  A core character from the series ... will be no more " Next-to-last issue in the series ' current story arc hits stores Wednesday "  Fantastic Four " will continue as a new series called "  FF " Issue No. 587 will come in a sealed bag , hiding the cover art , on January 26
CNN  -- Libya has withdrawn as hosts of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations tournament because of ongoing security issues in the country , the Confederation of African Football  CAF  has announced . The decision follows a meeting between Libyan sports officials and CAF president Issa Hayatou at CAF headquarters in Cairo , Egypt on Friday August 22 . A statement published on the CAF website Saturday said that "  owing to the unstable security situation in the country , Libya would not be able to host the Afcon in 2017 . " CAF secretary general , Hicham El Amrani has informed all 54 member associations of the decision , CAF 's official website reported . New bids to host the 2017 tournament will now be accepted with a deadline for submission of September 30 2014 . "  The CAF Executive Committee will select a host country whose dossier guarantees that accommodation , transportation and hotels facilities , as well as training sites and stadiums already exist , " a CAF statement said . A decision on a new host country will be made in 2015 . Libya was scheduled to host the 2013 tournament but had to pass on hosting duties to South Africa for security reasons . Read more : Libya 's footballers in the firing line Read more : Nigeria win 2013 Africa Cup of Nations Read more : Fighting intensifies in Libya	Ongoing security issues in North African country force AFCON withdrawal Libya was due to host 2017 tournament CAF will now accept bids from other 54 members Decision on new host expected to be made in 2015 , CAF said
CNN  -- A U.S. official ridiculed as "  another blatant lie " a Syrian government report Thursday asserting that terrorists -- not security forces -- massacred civilians in Houla . Last weekend 's massacre , which left more than 100 people dead , sparked outrage across the globe and prompted calls for action against the regime of Bashar al-Assad . But Syria attributed the latest violence to "  armed terrorist groups , " the vague entities that the regime has blamed all along for widespread violence against civilians during the nearly 15 months of unrest . "  The goal of the armed operation was to completely terminate the presence of the state in the area and to make it one that is out of the control of the state , " Qasim Jamal Sleiman , head of the investigative panel , said in televised remarks . "  All of the martyrs are from peaceful families who refused to stand against the state and have never demonstrated or carried weapons against the state . They were in disagreement with the armed terrorist groups , which confirms that there was a goal and an interest to kill them . " The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , called the Syrian account "  another blatant lie " and said there 's no "  factual evidence " to "  substantiate that rendition of events . " She said the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland , could soon embark on an effort to establish facts in the case and hold people accountable . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said the international community needs to ensure al-Assad steps down . "  There is no question that we are very concerned about the atrocities that are taking place in Syria , " he said . "  Just makes clear how important it is to remove Assad from power and to try to implement the necessary political reforms that are necessary in that country . " The Syrian government investigation said 600 to 800 armed people gathered after Friday prayers at two primary locations and committed the crimes . Sleiman said firearms shot from a close distance and sharp objects were used , but there was no shelling . "  The place where the massacre was committed is an area where armed terrorist groups are present , " Sleiman said . "  The security forces did not enter the area before or after the massacre and the area is far from the checkpoints where the security forces are positioned . " But he said security forces "  defended themselves against the armed terrorist groups . " Some of the attackers hailed from the Houla area , investigators said . "  Also , some of the bodies that were shown as part of the massacre are bodies of armed individuals who were killed during their attack on the security forces and they are not from the town . " Politicians across the world , opposition leaders and Syrian citizens blame the regime , citing witness accounts that pro-government forces were responsible for the Houla bloodshed . They say government forces have been responsible for violence in Syria since March 2011 . The massacre spurred diplomatic action this week . The United States , Netherlands , Australia , Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Spain , Bulgaria , Turkey and Canada announced that they are expelling Syrian diplomats . Rice has said the massacre was carried out by Shabiha militias or local gangs acting on behalf of the regime . Survivors told Human Rights Watch that the army shelled the area and "  armed men , dressed in military clothes , attacked homes on the outskirts of town and executed entire families . " A network of Syrian opposition activists , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , blamed "  armed militias " of the Syrian government . "  This barbaric act was preceded by the regime 's mortar shelling in the town , " the LCC said in a statement . "  The campaign ended when the armed militias slaughtered entire families in cold blood . " Sectarian tensions have been high in Houla , which is overwhelmingly Sunni and is surrounded by Alawite and Shiite villages . The regime is dominated by Alawites . The government report came as U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ramped up pressure Thursday on Russia , saying the Kremlin has been an obstacle to peace in Syria . "  I think they are , in effect , propping up the regime at a time when we should be working for transition , " Clinton told reporters in Denmark . The United States and Russia have been looking for solutions to the 15 months of persistent violence . Estimates of the number of dead range from 9,000 to more than 14,000 . The United States is focused on supporting U.N. and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan 's six-point peace plan . The administration is hoping Russia can persuade Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to adhere to the plan and keep the country from deteriorating into more warfare . The Syrian regime said it supported the Annan plan , which includes a cease-fire . But so far , according to the secretary of state , the Syrian regime has failed to abide by the initiative . "  The Russians keep telling us they want to do everything they can to avoid a civil war because they believe the violence will be catastrophic " and they have likened the situation to the "  equivalent of a very large Lebanese civil war , " Clinton said . "  They 're just vociferous in their claim that they are providing a stabilizing influence , " she said . "  I reject that . " Clinton urged leaders in Syrian society and the military to use their influence to avoid a full-blown civil war . She said countries like the United States and Denmark are "  appalled " by the violence and want "  to win over those who still support the regime inside and outside of Syria to see what options are available to us . " "  We 're also aware that there is still a fear among many elements of the Syrian society and the Syrian government , that as bad as the Assad regime is , it could get worse , " she said . "  And we therefore continue to call upon the business leadership , the religious leadership , the military leadership , those voices within the government that know what is going on is leading to the very outcome they fear most -- which is a sectarian civil war -- to stand up now and call a halt to further support for this regime . " Merchants in Aleppo shut their stores to register their disgust with Houla on Thursday , echoing the same angry gestures that were made last Monday in the historic Hamidiyeh Bazaar in downtown Damascus . "  We carry the responsibility for continuing to work while people are dying , " said an Aleppo store-owner who asked to only be named Abu Karim , in a phone interview with CNN . "  That is our shame , " he said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon referenced the Houla incident on Thursday in Istanbul , Turkey , saying "  the massacre of civilians of the sort seen last weekend could plunge Syria into a catastrophic civil war -- a civil war from which the country would never recover . " "  I demand that the government of Syria act on its commitments under the Annan peace plan , " he said . "  A united international community demands that the Syrian government act on its responsibilities to its people . " Britain 's U.N. Ambassador , Mark Lyall Grant , said Thursday that he was not prepared to pull the plug on the peace plan . "  Clearly it is on life support but it is n't dead , yet , " he told CNNI 's Christiane Amanpour . "  We are directing all our efforts into trying to make it work , " he said . "  But I think to make it work we 're going to need to increase the international pressure on the Syrian regime . " Grant praised the role U.N. observers played in bringing that incident to light : "  To be honest , we would not know exactly what had happened in Houla had it not been for the observers able to go there , to demonstrate that there had been tank tracks , that there had been use of heavy artillery , that there had been a massacre by the Syrian regime , " he said . "  Otherwise , people would give some credence to this report that the Syrian government has come out with today claiming that it was nothing to do with them . We know that 's a tissue of lies partly because the U.N. observers are able to say so . " Russia and China have been more receptive to the Syrian government during the crisis , and have blocked tough action against the al-Assad regime in the U.N. Security Council . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said this week that "  certain countries " were attempting to use the Houla massacre as a "  pretext " for a military operation against al-Assad 's forces , which have been partly armed by Russia , Russia 's RIA Novosti reported . Lavrov also accused the head of the opposition Syrian National Council of attempting to "  incite a civil war . " The government also said proposals by Western powers to arm rebels would "  prolong the conflict . " Since the conflict began , the government has blamed the violence against civilians on armed terrorist groups . But opposition groups and citizens have blamed the government . Violence continued in Syria Thursday , with at least 61 people killed in the country , the LCC said . Syrian forces shelled Houla again early in the day , and 29 people were killed in Homs alone , it said . CNN can not confirm death tolls or reports of violence from Syria because the government limits access to the country by foreign journalists . Syrian opposition fighters issued the government a Friday afternoon deadline to cease fire , pull out troops from residential areas and allow humanitarian aid . The Free Syrian Army , mainly comprised of military defectors , said it would stop adhering to the Annan plan if the government does n't begin to adhere to it by then . "  Our national , moral and humanitarian duty make it necessary for us to defend and protect our civilians and their cities , towns , blood and dignity , " the group said in a statement . The ultimatum lists a series of demands in a peace plan implemented last month and brokered by Annan . "  Immediately halting gunfire and all violence , pulling out all the troops , tanks and machinery from residential areas , allowing humanitarian aid to reach all stricken areas , releasing all prisoners and allowing media access , " said Col. Qasim Saad Eddine , the group 's spokesman . Eddine also called for the freedom to demonstrate , an end to attacks on U.N. monitors and a dialogue on power handover . Meanwhile , Syrian authorities freed 500 prisoners arrested for their alleged involvement in the uprising , state TV reported Thursday . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Faith Karimi , Ivan Watson , Yesim Comert , Omar al Muqdad , and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice calls Syrian account "  another blatant lie " At least 50 people have died in Syria on Thursday , an opposition group says Aleppo merchants close shops in protest of Houla The regime says terrorists committed the Houla killings
CNN  -- "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " returns to the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles as the network celebrates its fifth year of honoring "  everyday people changing the world . " CNN 's Anderson Cooper again hosts the star-studded gala , which this year will be broadcast live around the world at 8 p.m. ET / 5 p.m. PT on the global networks of CNN . The telecast shines a spotlight on the extraordinary accomplishments of the top 10 CNN Heroes , who will each receive $ 50,000 in recognition of their work . The show culminates with the announcement of the CNN Hero of the Year , one of the top 10 who will receive an additional $ 250,000 . Voting to select the Hero of the Year is being conducted online at CNNHeroes.com and will end December 7 at 11:59 p.m PT . Performers and presenters for this year 's tribute show will be announced in the coming weeks . Last year 's show included appearances by Halle Berry , Demi Moore , Jessica Alba , Kid Rock , LL Cool J , Renee Zellweger , Gerard Butler , Kiefer Sutherland , Marisa Tomei and Aaron Eckhart . It also had performances by Bon Jovi , Sugarland , and John Legend with Common and Melanie Fiona . Since January , profiles of CNN Heroes have been featured every week on CNN and online at CNN.com . These Heroes were chosen from nominations submitted through the CNN Heroes website . This year , more than 10,000 nominations were received . "  We hope to empower these selfless individuals to persevere in their humanitarian efforts to create progress , " said Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide . "  We are proud to share the stories of this year 's Top 10 Heroes . " Preceding the tribute show , CNN will air a red-carpet special , "  Showbiz Tonight @ CNN Heroes , " at 7 p.m. ET , hosted by A.J. Hammer . The special will feature celebrity arrivals and interviews as well as a celebrity-hosted social media suite that will tap into the worldwide online passion and interest in the Heroes event . CNN.com will also offer live-streaming from the red carpet , as well as exclusive backstage interviews of the honorees and celebrity presenters throughout the live broadcast . Kelly Flynn is the senior executive producer for the CNN Heroes initiative and "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " This year 's show will be produced by Ian Stewart and Hamish Hamilton .	"  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will air at 8 p.m. ET Sunday , December 11 The live , global telecast will be held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles The annual show honors the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 Cast a vote for Hero of the Year at CNNHeroes.com
Baghdad  CNN  -- Two days after Russian and Iraqi officials announced a major weapons deal , the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad stressed that the United States also has billions of dollars worth of military equipment deals with Iraq . "  We would note that the government of Iraq has consistently indicated a strong preference for the United States as its partner of choice for arms purposes , " a U.S. Embassy spokesperson said in a written response to questions from CNN . On Tuesday , the Russian state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported a $ 4.2 billion deal to deliver attack helicopters and mobile air-defense systems to Iraq . One analyst told the news agency the deal was a clear sign that Iraq was starting to look beyond Washington for weapons . "  It 's clear that America 's influence on Iraq has been excessive , " Ruslan Pukhov of the Center for Analysis of Strategy and Technologies told RIA Novosti . "  The Shiite government of this country is starting to conduct itself more independently of Washington , and more looking toward Iran . " Iraq has initiated 467 foreign military sales with the United States worth more than $ 12.3 billion , the U.S. Embassy said Thursday . But some Iraqi officials have complained that weapons deals with the United States are progressing slowly . "  We fully support efforts to purchase equipment to meet its legitimate defense needs and we are committed to working with them to fulfill these military equipment orders as quickly as possible , " the embassy said . Word of the deals with Russia comes several weeks after U.S. Vice President Joe Biden asked Iraq for help in stopping weapons from reaching Syria . U.S. lawmakers travel to Baghdad as Iraq denies role in Syrian conflict Biden stressed to the Iraqi prime minister "  the need to prevent any state from taking advantage of Iraq 's territory or airspace to send weapons to Syria . " Iraq Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki "  expressed the Iraqi government 's discomfort with some informal U.S parties of stirring suspicions about Iraq 's position toward Syrian crisis , " and that Iraq has held a "  firm position in rejecting any weapon supplies or violent activity over Iraq 's territories or its air spaces , " according to a release from his office . Opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's rule are concerned about the shuttling of arms to his government by entities such as Iran . Iraq borders Syria and Iran . Read more : Who is arming Syria ?	Russia has agreed to sell $ 4.2 billion in arms to Iraq U.S. Embassy : Iraq prefers "  United States as its partner of choice for arms " Analyst : The deal with Russia is a sign that Iraq is looking beyond Washington for weapons
Kabul  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai has said that a rape victim freed from prison after he intervened on her behalf has the right to make her own choice about whether to marry her attacker . In an exclusive interview from Kabul , Karzai told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that the woman 's case appeared to be a "  misjudgment " that had to be resolved . The woman , identified only as Gulnaz for her own protection , was sentenced to 12 years in prison after she reported that her cousin 's husband had raped her . But the 21-year-old was freed this week following the president 's intervention , and is now staying at a women 's shelter in Kabul , with the daughter she conceived in the attack and gave birth to in prison . Her plight attracted international attention when it came out that she had agreed to marry her attacker to gain her freedom and legitimize her daughter . Karzai said he had convened a judicial meeting when he came aware of her case . "  The issue was discussed in detail , and the right inquiries made . We , on advice from the chief justice and the minister of justice , decided that this was a case , perhaps , of misjudgment and that it has to be resolved , and resolved by giving her a pardon immediately . That 's what I did . " Asked whether it was appropriate that Gulnaz should marry her attacker , as some in Afghanistan say , Karzai said it was her choice . "  It 's up to her to decide who to marry or who not to marry , " he said . "  And Islam gives her that right . " Looking to the future , Karzai said the West should have confidence in Afghanistan 's judicial processes after international forces withdraw . "  It 's a country that has been troubled a lot . But it is also an old country , with laws and a penal code and judicial history , " he said . "  I can assure you that , once the international forces are withdrawn and not as many as there are today , Afghanistan will neither go into a trouble within the country or strife or into miscarriage of justice . I can assure you of that . " After the attack two years ago , Gulnaz hid what happened as long as she could because she was afraid of reprisals . But then she began showing signs of pregnancy and , aged only 19 , was found guilty by the courts of sex outside of marriage -- adultery -- and sentenced to 12 years in jail . A key problem is that Afghan law fails to clearly distinguish between rape and adultery , which is a crime under Sharia , or Islamic law . And despite the pardon , Gulnaz 's future remains unclear in a conservative society where her ordeal is considered to have brought shame on her family . She told CNN from prison last month that she was willing to marry her attacker in order to end her incarceration , though she did not want that option . Karzai also discusses Afghanistan 's future relationship with the United States and his country 's efforts to deal with the Taliban in the exclusive interview , to be broadcast Sunday on Fareed Zakaria GPS .	Hamid Karzai : "  It 's up to her to decide who to marry or who not to marry " His intervention led to a rape victim who was jailed for adultery over the attack being freed Karzai says her case appeared to be a "  misjudgment " Gulnaz , 21 , is now staying at a women 's shelter with her daughter , conceived in the attack
Reading the international press , one would be forgiven for thinking that Venezuela is on the verge of collapse . Over the past decade , all sorts of predictions have been made , ranging from catastrophic election defeats to the implosion of the Venezuelan economy . But the fact these predictions have failed to materialize has not deterred many of Venezuela 's most fervent critics in their quest to engineer a constant and misleading narrative of impending disaster . More : Chavez returns after Cuba cancer treatment The reality is that ever since President Hugo Chavez was first elected , Venezuela has defied these negative predictions and brought unprecedented social progress to the country over the last 14 years . Since 2004 poverty has been reduced by half and extreme poverty has been cut by 70 % . University enrolment has doubled , entitlement to public pensions has tripled , and access to health care and all levels of education have been dramatically expanded . Venezuela now has the lowest levels of economic inequality of any Latin American country as measured by the Gini coefficient . Our country has already achieved many of the Millennium Development Goals , and is well on target to achieve all eight by the 2015 deadline . This progress has been achieved by using Venezuela 's vast oil revenues to transform the lives of ordinary people . The sheer scale of our oil reserves -- the world 's largest -- guarantees the complete sustainability of the model in which the country 's resources are used to stimulate growth in the economy and aid development . But Chavez 's most significant achievement has been to trigger the awakening and empowerment of the majority . A majority of Venezuelans have seen vast improvements in their living standards and , as a consequence , they have continued to defend their interests at the ballot box . The Venezuelan people are very clear about what they want . President Chavez was re-elected in October 2012 with 54 % of the vote in an election that boasted an 81 % turnout . The Venezuelan people showed their support for the government again in December 2012 in the gubernatorial elections , which saw Chavez 's political party win 20 out of 23 states . Governments in Europe and other parts of the world could only dream of these levels of support after 14 years in power . This shows that social progress in Venezuela has been consolidated and that there is a desire to further expand this progress . In the coming years , the Venezuelan government will continue to respond to the needs of the Venezuelan people . Hundreds of thousands of new homes have been built over the last two years which have not only greatly improved living standards but also provided jobs and contributed to a boom in the construction industry . The government is well on its way to meeting its target of building three million new homes by 2019 . While many economies around the world are shrinking , the Venezuelan economy grew by 5.5 % in 2012 . Against the backdrop of a continuing international financial crisis , commerce in Venezuela grew by 9.2 % and communications by 7.2 % , manufacturing grew by 2.1 % and the oil sector grew by 1.4 % -- making Venezuela one of the fastest growing economies in Latin America . At a time when many countries are attacking the rights of the most vulnerable sectors of society , Venezuela is providing ever greater protection for low-income senior citizens and single-parent families with younger children or disabled dependents . The failed development models of previous governments condemned millions of Venezuelans to poverty . Before the election of Chavez in 1998 , Venezuela suffered years of falling GDP . The country had one of the worst economic records in the world -- a record that led to mass social unrest and violent military crackdowns . Venezuela will continue on its path of social progress and empowering ordinary citizens . The greatest hope for the future is the people know that they alone hold the power to determine the direction the country will take . After so many failed predictions , is n't it time to respect Venezuela 's democracy and the will of the people ?	Despite perceptions , Hugo Chavez has brought social progress to Venezuela Moncada : Venezuela 's critics have engineered a false narrative of impending disaster Venezuela has used its vast oil reserves to transform lives of ordinary people Ambassador says Chavez 's most significant achievement is his empowerment of the majority
It 's a theory many drivers have held since their first speeding ticket , that citations are somehow connected to a special perk for the officer writing it . Now , a memo among Atlanta police officers has reignited such suspicions . "  The mayor has designated traffic court and ticket revenue for future pay increases , " Atlanta Police Union President Ken Allen wrote this month . Some residents scoffed at the idea . "  I 'm probably going to switch from sales and join the police force in that case , if that 's the way it 's working , " one resident , Ken Miller , told CNN affiliate WSB-TV . But Allen stressed that while revenue from tickets will be earmarked for raises , more tickets will not necessarily lead to higher raises . "  We 're not even asking anybody , or no one has made any suggestion , that any officer write any additional tickets than they already have , " the union president told CNN . "  The revenues from tickets already go to the general fund . What the mayor has suggested doing is ... earmarking where these revenues are going for the future pay raises . " Allen said revenues have decreased , but it 's largely because of the dismissal rates of citations and an inefficient court system . He said many traffic cases get dismissed because officers ca n't make it to the scheduled court appearance . "  The citizens need to understand ... we 're not running a ticket revenue stream just to get a pay increase . All we 're trying to do is correct the inefficiencies and hold those accountable for citations we 've already written . " But former police officer and TV judge Alex Ferrer said he 's concerned about the possible effects of linking ticket revenues directly to pay increases . "  Once you tie something to somebody 's financial earnings , they are motivated in a way that they are not motivated before , " he said . But many officers say traffic stops yield a lot more benefits than just improved road safety and revenue . Tucson Police Chief Roberto Villasenor requires his officers to make an average of at least one traffic stop a day . He said many important arrests stem from traffic stops . "  That 's where we get most of our narcotic arrests . We get a lot of warrants we 've been able to serve , " Villasenor told CNN affiliate KGUN . "  There 's benefit from traffic  stops  that have been proven in city after city . I 'm just saying we ca n't forget that 's part of our job . "	Atlanta has designated traffic court and ticket revenue for future pay increases Union chief : We 're trying to correct inefficiencies and hold those accountable for tickets already written Tucson 's police chief requires officers to make at least one traffic stop a day He says the stops often yield greater benefits , such as narcotics arrests and warrants served
CNN  -- Staunton , Your mother and I are so proud that in less than a week you 'll be graduating college , and from my alma mater , no less ! So this seems an opportune moment to share some thoughts about what you might look for in a career . And as luck would have it , I 've just finished a new book , "  Capital in the 21st Century , " which has helped crystallize in my mind some things you ought to consider . The book has caused a predictable stir among the pro-equality set because the author , Tom Piketty is a French economist with the gall to propose a global tax on wealth . But putting aside this naÃ ¯ ve , socialist claptrap , the book is a veritable treasure trove of advice on getting into  or staying in  the top 1 % . The book confirms what you already know firsthand : The rich are getting richer ; the really rich are getting really richer ; capital is hot ; labor is not . The obvious implication is that you must find a job where the distinction between capital and labor is blurry . A job where you can take a slice off the top by getting paid as if you owned a piece of action even though you do n't . Because without some capital working on your behalf , no amount of even the hardest and most skillful labor will get you anywhere near the top .  How many doctors or engineers join the country club these days ? Virtually none . The great news is that there is a record amount of capital out there to work on your behalf . Piketty estimates that total capital is up almost threefold since I graduated from college 30 years ago . And these days , the real owners of capital do n't seem to notice if people take a little off the top or are largely powerless stop it when they do . This was not always the case . Indeed , Adam Smith -- the first economist -- felt that even a "  principal clerk "  his word for CEO  would always be paid based on his "  labour and skill " and never in "  proportion to the capital of which he oversees the management . " Fortunately , times have changed in part because economists -- Smith 's intellectual heirs -- invented myriad ways like the "  principal agent problem , " "  competitive assignment models , " or the "  marginal product of labor " to justify otherwise outrageous levels of compensation , provided there is enough capital in the picture . Smith must be turning in his grave ! Now you may be wondering : "  How much capital will I need working on my behalf ? " It 's a tricky question , but Piketty provides the answer . Let 's assume that you wo n't settle for mere membership in the top 1.0 % but have your sights set on the top 0.1 % with a corresponding annual income of roughly $ 4 million . Piketty 's analysis of long-run returns  4 % to 5 %  suggests that this would require you to have roughly $ 100 million of capital working on your behalf . Although this seems daunting -- it 's what the average American makes in 2,000 years -- fear not , for there are a few places where this type of money can be found : Listed stocks : The average Fortune 500 company has a market value of $ 28 billion  280 times more than you need  and its real owners -- the shareholders -- are virtually powerless to stop senior management from taking 3.0 % or more off the top . So even if the company 's performance is lackluster , and the pot is split between you and four or five other top guys , there 's plenty to go around . So while the corporate ladder can be long and greasy , it 's worth the climb . I 'd suggest you steer clear of smaller companies as they 're just as hard to run as the bigger ones but do n't hold enough capital -- the average Russell 3000 company has a market value of only $ 1.4 billion -- to be worth your while . Venture-capital-backed start-ups are also a decent bet provided you get in early and abandon ship at the first sign that the organization is not steadily progressing toward an IPO , or a buyout from Facebook , Google and the like . You might try a few ventures in your 20s and then go back to business school if it has n't worked out . Private Equity and Hedge Funds : This industry is a dream come true . The standard take is generous -- a 2.0 % fee plus 20 % profit share -- which should net out to at least 3.0 % assuming average performance and even after deducting the operating expenses of the fund . At 3.0 % , you 'll need $ 130 million working for you , which is more than achievable when private equity and hedge fund assets are a record $ 4.5 trillion  35,000 times more than you need  despite lackluster aggregate performance . This mountain of capital attracts a lot of competition , so do n't be discouraged if you fail to break into the industry the first few times . Just keep at it , but please do n't be tempted to cheat , as the government appears to be getting tougher on the insider stuff these days . Asset Management : This is a decent fallback if the hedge fund thing has n't worked out by age 35 . The take is much lower -- probably 0.6 % after costs -- so you may need $ 600 million or more working on your behalf but do n't be daunted . Despite strong evidence that the industry destroys value compared with lower-cost index funds , it still manages trillions . And the lifestyle is decent as many people secretly accept that they ca n't beat the market so they do n't work that hard trying . Personal Services : If you 're satisfied with being toward the middle of the top 1 % then consider offering personal services to those with capital or access to it . They tend to be very brand/quality conscious and willing to pay top dollar for services , particularly when spending the real owners ' money . Most well-paid service positions are in investment banking , law , and management consulting , though the occasional doctor , psychotherapist , real estate agent , or art adviser can make the cut . It goes without saying that you must steer clear of government and the nonprofit sector at all costs . Although the Citizens United decision suggests that the Supreme Court may one day allow it , explicit profit sharing by government officials remains strictly illegal at the moment . As a result , you should only consider public service as second career after you 've made the money you need . The nonprofit sector is even worse because it holds little capital , has no profits , and generates nothing but a "  social " return that would hardly pay the bills even if you got to keep it all . Finally , never fear that mooching off someone else 's capital is somehow second-rate compared with earning income from your own . I 've never felt that way , and nothing could be further from the truth . You 'll seldom be exposed to meaningful losses  even the London Whale gave back only two years of compensation  , and your slice is often in addition to , not in lieu of , a decent salary . Furthermore , if you mooch long enough , you can build your own capital provided you avoid profligate spending , multiple divorces and the like . I 'm not denying that there is a certain nostalgic appeal to building your own capital the old-fashioned way by starting a business , or by saving gradually over a lifetime of work . But these are risky and time-consuming strategies in the low-growth , high-capital environment you 'll likely be living in . Son , the time for internships is over , and now your real quest begins . In the 21st century , a man without capital runs a grave risk of finding himself squeezed towards the bottom of the top 10 % and possibly even lower . This is not a place you want to be . Somewhere out there is a $ 100 million slice of capital with your name on it just waiting to be found . Your mother and I have given you everything money can buy , and your children deserve no less . I know that you wo n't disappoint us . Dad	John MacIntosh writes letter to imaginary son turning Piketty 's controversial book on its head MacIntosh : If you want to be be super rich , find a job that lets you benefit from others ' capital He says in such a job , you can take a slice off the top even though you do n't do much MacIntosh : These jobs are in industries like hedge funds , private equity , venture capital
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuban President Raul Castro on Saturday proposed setting term limits for public office in a country where two brothers have ruled for more than 50 years . "  We have arrived at the conclusion that it is advisable to limit the fundamental political and state offices to a maximum period of two consecutive periods of five years , " Castro said at the inauguration of a critical Communist Party meeting . After his 1959 revolution , Fidel Castro was in power until 2006 , when illness forced him to hand the reins over to his younger brother Raul Castro . Cuba commemorates Bay of Pigs | Video Raul Castro was officially elected in 2008 . At the Communist Party Congress -- the first in 14 years -- Castro also said it was time for a "  systematic rejuvenation of the whole chain of party and administrative posts , " including the president of the party and of the Council of Ministers . But he also said Cuba 's leadership had failed to prepare a younger generation to take over , leaving them without "  a reserve of substitutes who were adequately prepared . "	President says 10 years should be maximum He and brother Fidel Castro have ruled country since 1959 But younger generation not ready yet , he says
CNN  -- There are only two multiple winners on the PGA Tour this season -- one of them is in top form ahead of the U.S. Open , and the other is Tiger Woods . Matt Kuchar moved up to second place in the FedEx Cup standings with victory at Jack Nicklaus ' Memorial Tournament on Sunday , having finished runner-up last weekend at the Crowne Plaza Invitational . It is the first time the American has won more than once in one season , having also claimed the World Golf Championships Match Play title in February . His four-under-par 68 in the final round was crowned by a 21-foot birdie at the last hole which left him two shots clear of fast-finishing Kevin Chappell , who is still waiting for his breakthrough win . The biggest names in the field -- world No. 1 Woods and second-ranked Rory McIlroy -- were respectively nine and 13 shots off the pace after both carded par 72 . For defending champion Woods , Sunday 's effort was a relative relief after Saturday 's nightmare 79 -- his equal second-worst score as a professional -- but he triple-bogeyed the par-three 12th hole that he had doubled in the third round . He also had a triple on Saturday . The American has won this event five times , but is struggling to regain the form that has already brought him four victories this season ahead of the second scheduled major at Merion in Pennsylvania starting June 13 . "  You want everything clicking on all cylinders , especially at the U.S. Open , because everything is tested in the U.S. Open , " he said . Woods is still four short of Nicklaus ' record 18 major titles , and has not won one since the 2008 U.S. Open . He was eight over the card at Muirfield Village . "  It was n't that bad today , " Woods said . "  It was just one hole that cost me obviously a few shots . It happens , it happens to us all . " McIlroy is also struggling for form ahead of the tournament that provided his first major win in 2011 . "  I hit the ball much better today . I actually putted a little better , too . A little bit of work next week -- yeah , it 's not that far away , " the Northern Irishman said after finishing in a tie for 57th . "  It 's just a little bit of an adjustment and something I can work on and something it was good to figure out this week , so I can work on it next week . " Kuchar , who has yet to win a major , was delighted after taking home the $ 1.16 million first prize in front of his wife and two children . "  It 's such an amazing feeling , this stuff never gets old , " the 34-year-old Ryder Cup player said after his sixth PGA Tour victory . "  To win this and have Jack Nicklaus congratulate me is a real treat . "	Matt Kuchar wins Memorial Tournament by two shots from compatriot Kevin Chappell Defending champion Tiger Woods ties for 65th after carding a level-par round of 72 Five-time winner Woods suffers a triple-bogey for the second successive day World No. 2 Rory McIlroy finishes tied for 57th after also finishing with a 72
CNN  -- Two dogs set on fire in the past two weeks make for three canines burned and left to die in the Philadelphia area since June , according to animal welfare groups . The Pennsylvania Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animal reported a male pit bull puppy was brought to the city 's animal care center Thursday after the dog was discovered in the city 's West Oak Lane section . According to the PSPCA , the dog suffered extreme burns on his legs and back and possible smoke inhalation . After undergoing emergency surgery , the approximately 4-month-old puppy -- nicknamed Hercules by the staff -- is expected to survive , but the PSPCA said he was still in serious condition late Thursday . On June 25 , a female pit bull named Chloe was found in the city after she had been set on fire . She had burns all over her body , and later died of her injuries , the PSPCA said . "  This is an extremely troubling trend , " said Marc Peralta , chief operating officer of the Pennsylvania SPCA . "  This is a sick and deplorable act , and something that wo n't be tolerated . Our humane law enforcement team will be investigating and will prosecute the person  s  responsible to the full extent of the law . " In the city of Coatesville , about 40 miles outside of Philadelphia , firefighters responded to a trash fire early in the morning on June 9 . When they arrived , they discovered that the fire had engulfed a a 4-1/2 year old "  Yorkie-Poo " mixed breed dog according to the Chester County SPCA . Investigators say the dog was asphyxiated and died before being set on fire . There is no direct evidence linking the three cases of animal cruelty , but authorities continue to investigate . The PSPCA will hold a rally against animal abuse on July 12 , and has established a $ 1,000 reward for information about Chloe 's case . Watch : ` Suck it ' carved into horse 's teeth	On June 9 , firefighters found the burned body of mixed-breed dog On June 25 , a female pit bull was found burned , and she later died Thursday , a young male pit bull was brought in with severe burns and had surgery The puppy -- called Hercules -- is in serious condition but expected to survive
CNN  -- A former Alabama assistant district attorney who specialized in prosecuting sex crimes against minors is accused of enticing what he thought was a teenage girl online for sexual purposes , authorities said . Steven Giardini was indicted on charges of enticement and solicitation crimes over the computer with the intent to produce child pornography , the Alabama Attorney General 's Office said in a statement . Giardini , a former prosecutor in Mobile County , was arrested Tuesday . The charges stem from the suspect 's alleged communication with what he thought was a 15-year-girl , Alabama Attorney General Troy King said in a statement Tuesday . But instead he was communicating with an agent from the FBI 's Internet Crimes Against Children division . The Attorney General 's Family Protection Unit presented evidence to a Mobile County , Alabama , grand jury August 13 , which handed up the indictment . "  The crimes alleged in this indictment are all the more horrifying in that the defendant was a prosecutor entrusted to protect citizens from evil and criminal wrongdoing , " King said . "  The people of Alabama should be reassured , however , that no one is above the law , and that those who seek to harm and exploit our children will be punished , whoever they are . " Giardini is charged with one count of acting with the intent to entice a child under the age of 16 for intercourse , sodomy or sexual purposes ; one count of acting with the intent to criminally solicit the production of child pornography ; and one count of acting with the intent to entice a child for sexual purposes by means of computer , telephone , personal digital assistant , or other electronic means of communication or information storage . All three charges are felonies . The first is punishable upon conviction by a prison sentence of one to 10 years , with the last two punishable by a two-to-20-year sentence , according to the attorney general 's office . Giardini resigned from the district attorney 's office in April 2009 after FBI agents searched his Mobile home , CNN affiliate WALA-TV reported . It is not known what they were looking for , the station reported ; the search warrant was sealed by a federal judge . Giardini 's attorney , Dennis Knizley , noted it has been 16 months since that search , WALA said . "  And of course , his life has been on hold since then , " Knizley told the station . "  The facts of the case will turn out to be interesting and  we will  address those when we go to trial . " Knizley denied that Giardini was trying to manufacture child pornography . Giardini was booked into the Mobile County Metro Jail and released on $ 250,000 bond , WALA said . CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Authorities say Steven Giardini thought he was communicating with a 15-year-old girl But , they say , he was really communicating with the FBI NEW : Giardini resigned as a prosecutor after his home was searched last year
CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will finally take questions from members of Congress on Wednesday about the deadly terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya . Lawmakers have long wanted Clinton 's full accounting of the September 11 assault that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . They also want to ask her about diplomatic security , which the State Department has since re-examined at posts located in overseas hot spots . Agency officials have acknowledged shortcomings and promised changes . Some of the toughest questions before the House Foreign Affairs Committee and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee are expected to focus on the Obama administration 's slow-to-evolve public explanation of the attack , which triggered an uproar in the middle of a presidential election campaign . U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice took most of the political heat as mainly Republican lawmakers seized on her public comments the administration has said were based on fast-moving intelligence that later proved to be incorrect . Still , some Republicans suggested the administration sought to mute the true nature of the attack to prevent President Barack Obama 's political opponents from fully exploiting it in the final weeks of the November campaign . The issue was so polarizing that Clinton 's decision to postpone an initial appearance before Congress in December due to health problems was questioned by her harshest critics as a possible dodge . It was revealed that she had a virus and suffered a concussion . Clinton was then hospitalized for a blood clot , only returning to work two weeks ago . Clinton 's future health ` as good as her past ' Her testimony will be public and will likely be the most difficult moment of her final days as America 's top diplomat . Despite the controversy , Clinton 's poll numbers remain high . She 's leaving the job soon . Some of the potential questions she will face : What did Clinton know ? Republican Sen. John McCain wants a full explanation of Clinton 's understanding of the attack -- what happened before , during and after . The 2008 GOP presidential nominee and the top Republican member of the Senate Armed Services Committee , McCain told CNN this week that he feels "  the American people were clearly deceived . " McCain told reporters eight days after the attack that he had information the State Department had been warned . In mid November , McCain took to the floor of the Senate and accused Obama of lying about the attack . "  The American people have received nothing but contradictory statements from all levels of our government , " he said . The Pentagon released an official timeline that highlighted when Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and his senior commanders were first informed and when follow up decisions were made involving the military . The timeline shows Panetta and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey were told of the attack about an hour after it started . Both were on their way to the White House for an already scheduled meeting with the president . Thirty minutes later , Obama was directing the Pentagon to do all it could to help , according to senior Pentagon officials . Obama administration continues explanations of attack What does Clinton know about cables warning of security threats ? Just hours before the attack , Stevens sent a message to the State Department that referred to a meeting nine days earlier during which the commander of Benghazi 's Supreme Security Council "  expressed growing frustration with police and security forces " about security capabilities . That cable , since made public , is part of more than 160 pages of documents that paint a picture of persistent and unpredictable violence in and around Benghazi last year . It also reveals that the U.S. contingent in Benghazi felt it needed more security . In February , the regional security officer in Tripoli , Eric Nordstrom , warned that having just two diplomatic security agents on the ground in Benghazi made movements outside the U.S. facility impossible . "  I 've been placed in a difficult spot when the ambassador tells me I need to support Benghazi , " Nordstrom wrote in a February 12 e-mail to the regional director of the Near East Affairs Department at the State Department . Clinton 's Benghazi statement Was Clinton informed about the rise of al Qaeda-linked militants ? In the September 11 cable , a paragraph refers to the "  expanding Islamist influence in Derna , " a town east of Benghazi , amid reports linking "  the Abu Salim Brigade with a troubling increase in violence and Islamist influence . " The Abu Salim Brigade was prominent among the opponents of former strongman Moammar Gadhafi . The ambassador refers to another meeting on September 9 in which commanders of unofficial militia claimed that the Libyan Armed Forces depended on them to secure eastern Libya , and even supplied them with weapons . Read more about Stevens ' warnings about militants Communication from the ground up likely will be examined during Clinton 's testimony . ` Talking points ' cited by Rice and why did n't Clinton give that public explanation ? Rice spoke for the Obama administration on Sunday talk shows on September 16 . She made several claims that turned out to be wrong . The primary complaint from Republicans is that Rice 's remarks were centered on anger over the anti-Islam film , "  Innocence of Muslims , " when there was classified intelligence available suggesting a possible al Qaeda link . On the talk shows , Rice spoke from unclassified talking points officials said were provided by the intelligence community . She said the armed assault was spontaneous and linked to regional outrage over the film . Since then , Rice has twice talked to lawmakers about her remarks . In a statement , Rice said her talking points were "  incorrect in a key respect : There was no protest or demonstration in Benghazi . " "  While we certainly wish that we had had perfect information just days after the terrorist attack , as is often the case , " the statement said . "  The intelligence assessment has evolved . " Obama defended Rice publicly , but she later withdrew her name from consideration as his likely nominee to replace Clinton at the State Department . Why has only one attack suspect been detained , and then released ? Ali Harzi was freed earlier this month by a Tunisian judge overseeing the case against him , the country 's state news agency reported . He was arrested in Turkey in connection with the Benghazi attack . On January 9 , U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland referred questions to the FBI , which she said "  has the lead on the Benghazi investigation . " The Tunisian news agency , TAP , reported that Harzi had been questioned by Tunisian authorities and the FBI "  as a witness and not a suspect . " But a U.S. federal law enforcement official with direct knowledge of the probe said he remains a suspect . The fact that Harzi has been freed from detention "  does n't mean he 's any less a suspect , " the official said , adding Harzi does not appear on video taken of the Benghazi compound . Investigators have identified at least 15 people who may be suspects , the official told CNN , indicating some were identified on the video . "  We will get indictments , " the official said . "  but it 's not possible to put a timetable on it . " Reports on the attack In December , an independent review of the Benghazi assault cited "  systemic failures and leadership and management deficiencies " at the State Department . Four State Department officials , including two who oversaw security decisions for Benghazi , were disciplined a day after the report was released . Clinton got a copy of the report and said in letters to State Department chiefs that she accepted its recommendations to beef up security and intelligence gathering in high-threat areas . Before the report came out , Clinton had popular approval ratings in nationwide polls . A December Bloomberg National Poll showed 70 percent of Americans had a mostly favorable view of her . Polls from Politico/George Washington University , ABC News/Washington Post and the Siena College Research Institute also showed high marks . Confusion , contradictions in hunt for Benghazi suspects	Senate , House to question Hillary Clinton on Wednesday about Benghazi attack Did she know about growing militant danger ; Did she see cables explaining threat ? Why has only one suspect been detained , and then released ? Where did Susan Rice 's now infamous ` talking points ' originate ; why did n't Clinton give them ?
CNN  -- Real Madrid will name Jose Mourinho as their new coach on Monday after the Spanish giants confirmed they had agreed a compensation package with his current club Inter Milan . Mourinho , who led the Italian Serie A side to an unprecedented treble this season , will now be released from his San Siro contract -- which ran until 2012 . The Portuguese , who has guided both Porto and Inter to Champions League glory , will be presented at 1:00 pm local time on Monday in succession to Manuel Pellegrini -- who was sacked on Wednesday . Blog : Mourinho will bring magic to Madrid Mourinho reportedly had a release clause which meant Inter were to receive 16 million euros should he depart the club . A joint statement from the two clubs read : "  Presidents Massimo Moratti and Florentino Perez met on Friday and , In light of the excellent and constructive relations between the two clubs , an agreement was reached on the contractual clause that binds Jose Mourinho to FC Internazionale . "  The time and the manner by which the agreement will be honored has been defined . Massimo Moratti thanks Florentino Perez for his willingness to join him in Milan and for his courtesy , which confirms the strong links between the two clubs . " Moratti had earlier told reporters that he was unwilling to compromise with Real on the subject of the release clause . "  Mourinho has been spectacular , intelligent , brave and we acknowledge that , " said Moratti . "  This does n't take away the fact that there is still an issue regarding the negotiations with Mourinho and with the club that wants him . "  We want to end Mourinho 's negotiations well , but we have a right to defend a position that is based on honesty and legality with regards to an agreement that was done with someone  Mourinho  that did their duty and the club  Inter  that allowed him the chance to free himself of his contract . "	Real Madrid will appoint Jose Mourinho as their new coach on Monday This comes after a compensation package with current club Inter Milan was agreed The Portuguese will replace Manuel Pellegrini , who was sacked by Real this week
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- The deafening roar of drums and horns rose as thousands of people took to the streets in Sri Lanka Friday for a victory parade marking the end of the decades-long civil war . Sri Lankan youth celebrate on the street in Colombo on May 20 , 2009 . Enthusiastic revelers danced in the street , carried yellow and red flags and some even carried hand-crafted puppets depicting the dead body of the leader of the rebel Tamil Tigers . Watch the victory parade " Sri Lanka 's government declared victory Tuesday in the country 's 25-year civil war against the Tamil Tiger rebels . The announcement brought celebrations to some parts of the country . President Mahinda Rajapaksa announced that Tamil Tiger leader Velupillai Prabhakaran had been killed and local media released footage of the fallen leader 's body . But while thousands partied Friday , humanitarian organizations worried about the estimated 250,000 refugees the war created in northeast Sri Lanka . Many have had their homes destroyed are struggling for food , clean water , emergency health kits , cooking pots and school supplies , relief agencies say . Watch aid agencies fear for Sri Lanka " A U.N. spokesman has said the country 's government has not adequately helped refugees and has started to restrict U.N. relief agencies from providing aid . Watch Sri Lanka dispell allegations " "  The process of national reconciliation we feel must be all inclusive so that in can fully address the legitimate aspirations of the Tamil as well as other minorities . It is important that the victory becomes a victory for all Sri Lankans , " said Vijay Nambiar , a U.N. special envoy . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is expected to visit the area this week . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this story .	Revelers dance in the street , wave flags to celebrate end of Sri Lanka civil war Sri Lanka government declared victory over Tamil Tiger rebels on Tuesday Aid groups express fears for 250,000 displaced people in country 's northeast U.N. has accused the government of not providing enough help for refugees
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish woman -- who at age 66 gave birth to twins -- has died less than three years later , a local official and a family member told CNN Thursday . Maria del Carmen Bousada gave birth in December 2006 in Barcelona , after receiving in vitro fertilization treatment in California . At the time of the birth , she was believed to have been the world 's oldest new mother . Bousada died Saturday at her home in the southern Spanish town of El Puerto de Santa Maria , said the family member , who identified herself as the wife of Jose Luis Bousada , whom she said was a nephew of the deceased . "  She has died . I was at the wake in Cadiz , " said the woman , who declined on the phone to give her name . CNN reached her at the phone book-listed residence of Jose Luis Bousada in Cadiz , the nearby city where Bousada spent most of her life . The death was widely reported in Spain . The local official told CNN that Bousada was cremated at the Greater Cadiz Bay cemetery Sunday morning but that the cemetery did not list that on its Web site , which is customary , because the family asked to keep it secret . The local official , who spoke on condition of not being identified , said he talked Thursday with the cemetery manager , who confirmed the cremation . She would have been 69 at the time of death . The woman 's twin boys , named Pau and Christian , will be three-years old in December . They are being cared for by a nephew of the deceased , a family member said . Spanish news reports said Bousada had been diagnosed with a tumor around the time of the birth , which occurred about a week before her 67th birthday . British tabloid News of the World said Bousada lied to a California fertility clinic about her age and said she was 55 , just in case they refused to treat her . In an interview last year , Bousada told the paper that -- since her mother lived to be 101 -- she figured she would live long enough to raise the children . A retired department store employee who was not married , she reportedly lived most of her life with her mother in Cadiz , and decided to have children after her mother died in 2005 , selling her home to raise cash for the fertility treatment . "  God did n't let her enjoy her children very much . He should have given her more time , " said Pilar Pinto , who runs a fresh produce business in El Puerto de Santa Maria . "  The kids are with a nephew of Bousada , and his wife . They are being well taken care of , and are in great shape . I see them here often in town , " added Pinto , whose shop is downstairs from the home of one of Bousada 's brothers . Pinto said it is the brother 's son , a nephew of the deceased , who is taking care of the children . Manuela Reyes , who lived near Bousada 's home in the same town , told CNN affiliate Cuatro , "  This woman lived there , ever since those apartments were built . You did n't see her much . She came in and out of her house with her little kids , but not much else . "	Maria del Carmen Bousada gave birth to twins in December 2006 in Barcelona She received in vitro fertilization treatment in California Reports : Bousada diagnosed with a tumor around time of birth Twin boys being cared for by her nephew and his wife
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Actor Charlton Heston died at his Beverly Hills home at the age of 84 Saturday , his family said . Heston was suffering the late stages of Alzheimer 's disease . Heston , known for portrayals of larger than life figure including Moses and Ben Hur , was suffering the late stages of Alzheimer 's disease . Heston 's wife of 64 years , Lydia , was at his side at the time of his death , according to the family statement . Heston is survived by a son , a daughter and three grandchildren . "  We knew him as an adoring husband , a kind and devoted father , and a gentle grandfather , with an infectious sense of humor , " the family said . "  He served these far greater roles with tremendous faith , courage and dignity . He loved deeply , and he was deeply loved . " While no funeral plans have been announced , the family said it would hold a private memorial service . The Internet Movie Database listed 126 movies and television production credits for Heston , starting in 1941 . He rose to fame in the 1950s with starring movie roles including Ben Hur , for which he won an Oscar . He played Moses in the "  Ten Commandments . " Heston 's last acting credit was for playing an elderly Josef Mengele , the Auschwitz Nazi surgeon who performed medical experiments on concentration camp refugees during World War Two in the 2003 movie "  My Father , Rua Alguem 5555 . " Heston was also known for his political activism . He was a high-profile supporter of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his civil rights movement . He attended King 's 1963 March on Washington and stood near the podium as King delivered his "  I have a dream " speech . He was president of the National Rifle Association from 1998 to 2002 , a role that cast him as a conservative . Heston was born John Charles Carter in Evanston , Illinois , on October . 4 , 1924 . He took the surname Heston after his mother divorced and remarried when he was 10 . E-mail to a friend	Heston was suffering the late stages of Alzheimer 's disease Heston 's wife of 64 years , Lydia , was by his side at the time of his death The family said it would hold a private memorial service
CNN  -- U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice made a second trip to Capitol Hill on Wednesday to answer questions from Republican senators about the September 11 attack on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Libya that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Rice , who is believed to be President Barack Obama 's choice to replace Hillary Clinton as secretary of state , triggered controversy with her appearance on television talk shows in the days after the Benghazi attack to explain what was known about it . She spoke from unclassified talking points provided by the intelligence community which said the armed assault was spontaneous and fueled by an anti-Islam video produced in the United States that had already sparked a notable protest in Egypt . U.S. officials have since described it as a terror attack aimed at American interests . In a statement released after her Senate meetings on Tuesday , Rice said that she explained to senators that "  the talking points provided by the intelligence community -- and the initial assessment upon which they were based -- were incorrect in a key respect : There was no protest or demonstration in Benghazi . While we certainly wish that we had had perfect information just days after the terrorist attack , as is often the case , the intelligence assessment has evolved . " Opinion : Republican obsession with Benghazi makes no sense Here are five questions around Rice 's involvement in the controversy . Q : Why is Rice the focal point in the Benghazi attack ? A : Rice was the the Obama administration 's spokesman on Sunday talk shows several days following the attack and made several claims that turned out to be wrong . The primary complaint from Republicans is that Rice 's remarks were centered on anger over the anti-Islam film , "  Innocence of Muslims , " when there was classified intelligence available suggesting a possible al Qaeda link . Ayotte : Rice ` certainly ' misled on Benghazi , but unsure of motive Republicans feel that the administration misled the American people before the presidential election , won by Barack Obama , because an al Qaeda attack countered the narrative that Obama 's policies , in Rice 's words , had "  decimated " al Qaeda . For Republican critics , Rice illustrates their problems with how the Obama administration has responded to the Benghazi attack and its fallout . Q : What are Republican problems with her possible nomination as secretary of state ? A : Most opposition to Rice as a candidate to replace Clinton centers around her role in the Benghazi affair . Sen. Lindsay Graham , who has been supportive of Obama 's nominees for the Surpreme Court , says he does not feel comfortable with someone who , in his view , was involved in using misinformation as a Cabinet-level official . Other Republicans argue that Rice is not independent enough to be America 's top diplomat . They see her as someone who blindly follows Obama and puts politics over national security . In a dig at Rice , Sen. Bob Corker , who is on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Rice would be a better fit for chairman of the Democratic National Committee than secretary of state . Could the GOP block Rice for secretary of state ? Rice is not without her supporters , however . In addition to staunch backing among Senate Democrats , Sen. Joseph Lieberman , a Connecticut Independent and chairman of the Homeland Security Committee , met with Rice and said he was satisfied with her answers . "  Based on her public record and her public service , I would not feel that her appearances and anything she said on those Sunday morning talk shows September 16th would disqualify her for appointment to any other office , " Lieberman said . But Rice 's biggest champion is Obama . During a news conference earlier this month , he said : "  Susan Rice , she has done exemplary work . She has represented the United States and our interests in the United Nations with skill , and professionalism , and toughness , and grace . " Rice fails to subdue Republicans ' criticism over Libya attack Q : How much of the GOP 's questioning of Rice is politically motivated ? A : To some extent , the harsh treatment of Rice is motivated by politics . Republicans believe the president 's handling of the aftermath of the Benghazi attack shows a lack of leadership and tried to make that a campaign issue . Ironically , some are frustrated that Obama 's challenger , Mitt Romney , did not take enough advantage of this in the presidential campaign . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid this week called the attacks on Rice "  outrageous , utterly unmoored from facts and reality . " In a statement , Reid said , "  The election is over . It is time to drop these partisan political games , and focus our attention on the real challenges facing us as a nation . " Q : Are there other issues besides political ones ? A : For some senators like John McCain , this is personal . Christopher Stevens was a good friend of McCain , which is why he is working hard to avenge his death . Others have voiced questions about whether Rice is the best choice for the job -- she is a tough talker who some might see as too blunt to be secretary of state . However , most Republican senators have generally had positive remarks about her record as U.N. ambassador and said their criticism centers around her role in the Benghazi affair . Q : Are there others they would rather see Obama nominate to replace Clinton ? A : McCain and several other senators have said that Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , would make an excellent choice . Kerry is another top contender for the position who has made no secret of the fact he would like the job . After meeting with Rice on Wednesday , Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine said , "  I think John Kerry would be an excellent appointment and would be easily confirmed by his colleagues . " Some political experts speculate that part of the enthusiasm for Kerry could be that his departure would trigger a special election in Massachusetts , where recently defeated Republican Scott Brown could run again and give the GOP another seat in the Senate . Collins leaves Rice meeting with questions ; says Kerry would be confirmed easily	Rice is focal point in Benghazi response ; GOP feels she misled Americans in comments Some Republicans do n't think Rice is independent enough to be secretary of state For John McCain , the fight over a possible Rice nomination may be personal Rice has supporters in Congress ; most Republican senators give her good marks
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The judge presiding over the Michael Jackson family 's wrongful death lawsuit against AEG rejected the concert promoter 's arguments that family members were the source of leaked e-mails in the case . AEG lawyers accused Michael Jackson 's three children , his mother and their lawyers of giving the e-mails to a newspaper reporter in violation of the judge 's order that they remain under seal . "  It is clear that only one entity could have done it , " AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam said in a hearing last month . Jackson family lawyers became furious in court , pointing out that AEG was accusing 10-year-old Blanket Jackson , the youngest of the children . "  What 's the idea , that Blanket Jackson got some documents and copied them and somehow walked them from Calabasas to Harriet Ryan ? " attorney Kevin Boyle said , pointing to Putnam . Jackson lawyers denied anyone associated with their legal team or their clients leaked the e-mails , and suggested that AEG lawyers may have done it themselves as a set up . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos issued her ruling on the question this week . The communications , published two months ago in the Los Angeles Times , revealed the promoter had doubts about Jackson 's health and his ability to be ready for his "  This Is It " concerts several months before his death . AEG wanted the judge to punish Katherine Jackson and the children -- Prince , Paris and Blanket -- by not allowing their lawyers to use the e-mails to convince a jury in a trial set for next April that the company contributed to the pop star 's death . Jackson died of an overdose of a surgical anesthesia in combination with sedatives on June 25 , 2009 , according to the Los Angeles County coroner . Dr. Conrad Murray , who was hired to be Jackson 's personal physician as he prepared for the shows , was found guilty last year of involuntary manslaughter in his patient 's death . The Jackson suit contends that AEG contributed to the pop star 's death by pressuring him to prepare even though the promoters knew he was in a weak condition and by its hiring and supervision of Murray . "  MJ is locked in his room drunk and despondent , " AEG executive Randy Phillips wrote in a March 5 , 2009 , e-mail , the day Jackson announced the tour plans . "  I  am  trying to sober him up . " Reporter Harriet Ryan has refused to disclose her sources , although Howard Mann -- who was once Katherine Jackson 's partner in a book venture -- has acknowledged that he gave the reporter a box of documents for her story . Days after the e-mails were published , AEG dropped its claim against a Lloyds of London underwriter for payout of a $ 17.5 million insurance policy on Michael Jackson . The insurer contended AEG hid Jackson 's health problems and failed to respond to repeated requests for his medical history when applying for insurance for the 50 shows scheduled for London 's O2 Arena . The Michael Jackson estate , which controls Michael Jackson Company LLC , is still pursuing the insurance payout . Perry Sanders , who is Katherine Jackson 's personal attorney , told the judge that the Jacksons had no motive to leak the e-mails . "  Like we would go and blow up our own case against Lloyds of London ? " Sanders said . "  Our client and all the plaintiffs in this case are actually the ones who would receive the money . " Sanders also noted that AEG had failed to disclose the e-mails to the Lloyds of London lawyers despite a legal requirement to do so . While publication of the e-mails might have made AEG look bad , they were "  extremely negative against Michael Jackson , " painting him "  as a basket case , " Jackson lawyer Deborah Chang said . "  It 's much more negative about Michael Jackson than it is about AEG , by far , " Chang said . The leaked e-mails include one written by Randy Phillips weeks after Jackson 's death in which the president of AEG Live -- the concert-promotion branch of AEG -- called it "  a terrible tragedy , " but added "  life must go on . " "  AEG will make a fortune from merch sales , ticket retention , the touring exhibition and the film/dvd , " Phillips wrote . AEG Live was allowed to sell Jackson tour merchandise and share in the profits from the documentary "  This Is It , " produced from rehearsal video . The March 2009 e-mail from Phillips saying Jackson was "  locked in his room drunk and despondent " indicate AEG Live 's president saw Jackson 's problems first-hand the day the pop star was to appear at the O2 Arena to publicly announce the shows . "  I screamed at him so loud the walls are shaking , " Phillips wrote . "  He is an emotionally paralyzed mess riddled with self-loathing and doubt now that it is show time . " The promoter blamed London traffic when Jackson was 90 minutes late for the announcement that day . "  He 's as healthy as he can be -- no health problems whatsoever , " Phillips told CNN two months later to refute reports Jackson 's health was threatening the concerts . The Los Angeles Times story , however , said the e-mails indicated major doubts about Jackson 's ability to perform . "  We can not be forced into stopping this , which MJ will try to do because he is lazy and constantly changes his mind to fit his immediate wants , " AEG Live executive Paul Gongaware e-mailed to Phillips . Jackson 's missed rehearsals in June triggered concerns in e-mails that he was slow in learning his dance routines and would have to lip-sync on stage , the newspaper reported . "  MJ is not in shape enough yet to sing this stuff live and dance at the same time , " one e-mail from the show 's music director read , the paper reported . A production manager wrote : "  He was a basket case . Doubt is pervasive . " A loud warning from show director Kenny Ortega , who worked closely with Jackson on previous tours , came in mid-June , just over a week before the star 's death . Ortega wrote to Phillips that Jackson had "  strong signs of paranoia , anxiety and obsessive-like behavior " and suggested they bring a "  top psychiatrist in to evaluate him ASAP . " "  It is like there are two people there . One  deep inside  trying to hold on to what he was and still can be and not wanting us to quit him , the other in this weakened and troubled state , " Ortega wrote . "  I believe we need professional guidance in this matter . " Ortega testified at Murray 's trial about his concerns about Jackson 's frail condition and missed rehearsals . Those concerns resulted in a meeting six days before Jackson 's death in which Murray assured the promoters he would have Jackson ready for rehearsals that next week . An e-mail from Phillips after that meeting said he had confidence in Murray , "  who I am gaining immense respect for as I get to deal with him more . " "  This doctor is extremely successful  we check everyone out  and does not need this gig , so he  is  totally unbiased and ethical , " Phillips ' e-mail said .	AEG failed to show the leaked e-mails came from the Jackson side of the lawsuit , judge says The e-mails reveal AEG had doubts about Michael Jackson 's health months before his death Jackson 's mother and children accuse the concert promoter of contributing to the death The trial is set for April
CNN  -- Edward Snowden douses the idea of his returning to the United States -- where he faces charges of espionage and theft of government property for leaking sensational details of spy programs -- saying he wo n't come back unless laws are changed . Asked by CNN 's Jake Tapper in an online chat Thursday about conditions for a return home , Snowden said that while his coming back "  is the best resolution " for all parties , "  it 's unfortunately not possible in the face of current whistle-blower protection laws . " He pointed out that the government 's Whistleblower Protection Act does n't cover someone like him , a former government contractor . "  There are so many holes in the laws , the protections they afford are so weak , and the processes for reporting they provide are so ineffective that they appear to be intended to discourage reporting of even the clearest wrongdoing , " he wrote . " ... My case clearly demonstrates the need for comprehensive whistle-blower protection act reform . " Snowden offered his remarks from Russia , where he 's been since June having been granted a one-year asylum . From there , he has continued to speak out to journalists and online . Thursday 's chat -- coordinated by The Courage Foundation , an organization set up to support Snowden and his cause -- was one example of his outreach , letting him answer questions from anyone who posed a question online . The U.S. government has n't stayed silent on his case either . On Thursday , around the time that Snowden was answering questions online , Attorney General Eric Holder said that "  if Mr. Snowden wanted to come back to the United States and enter a plea , we would engage with his lawyers . " The government would take the same tack with anyone willing to plead guilty. , Holder said at the event at the University of Virginia 's Miller Center . But in Snowden 's case , the attorney general insisted , "  Clemency is n't something that we  are  willing to consider . " Such a standoff is nothing new , as the U.S. government and Snowden have been at odds since the Guardian and Washington Post newspapers first published stories last June based on secret documents he 'd provided them . These and subsequent reports transformed the once relatively anonymous 30-year-old into a lightning rod for critics who called him a traitor and a hero for those who cheered his exposing what they see as dangerous infringements on civil liberties . Whatever one 's opinion of him , the leaks undoubtedly brought intense scrutiny to the National Security Agency 's surveillance programs , causing headaches for the U.S. government , domestically and internationally . This uproar spurred President Barack Obama this month to unveil new guidance for intelligence gathering as well as reforms intended to balance what he called the nation 's vital security needs with concerns over privacy and liberties . Nonetheless , some civil libertarians , members of Congress and others complained that Obama did n't go far enough . Among other things , they point to the fact that someone will still collect records of the numbers and times of phone calls by every American -- one of the most controversial programs revealed by Snowden -- even if access to the those records will be tightened and they may be shifted from the NSA to elsewhere . Snowden echoed such critics when asked about Obama 's speech in relation to Thursday 's release of a privacy review board 's report critical of the government . The five-member Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board concluded the NSA 's collection of data on nearly every U.S. phone call is n't legal and has proven largely useless in thwarting terrorism . Board : NSA phone data program illegal "  When even the federal government says the NSA violated the constitution at least 120 million times under a single program , but failed to discover even a single plot , it 's time to end bulk collection , which is a euphemism for mass surveillance , " Snowden wrote , pointing to the review 's report . "  There is simply no justification for continuing an unconstitutional policy with a 0 % success rate . " In Thursday 's chat , Snowden insisted "  not all spying is bad . " He said his issue is more with "  the new technique of indiscriminate mass surveillance , where governments are seizing billions and billions and billions of innocents ' communication every single day . " Such programs exist in part "  because new technologies make it easy and cheap , " not because they are particularly effective in targeting threats and wrongdoers , he claimed . Snowden said he acted because he felt compelled "  to push back . " "  It 's not good for our country , it 's not good for the world , and I was n't going to stand by and watch it happen , no matter how much it cost me , " he wrote . "  The NSA and the rest of the US Intelligence Community is exceptionally well positioned to meet our intelligence requirements through targeted surveillance -- the same way we 've always done it -- without resorting to the mass surveillance of entire populations . " His decision to collect and release secret documents have helped make Snowden one of America 's most high-profile critics since Wikileaks ' Julian Assange . who notably has been one of Snowden 's biggest supporters . Yet Snowden said Thursday that he has n't given up hope for his native land , saying "  what makes our country strong is our system of values . " "  We can correct the laws , restrain the overreach of agencies , and hold the senior officials responsible for abusive programs to account , " he said . CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Now in Russia , Snowden is charged in the United States with espionage He says U.S. must change whistle-blower protections before he comes back Ex-government contractor slams what he calls "  indiscriminate mass surveillance " He says U.S. "  can correct the laws , restrain the overreach of agencies "
CNN  -- The Indian city of Mumbai exploded into chaos early Thursday morning as gunmen launched a series of attacks across the country 's commercial capital , killing scores of people and taking hostages in two luxury hotels frequented by Westerners . Deepak Chopra says extremists could be reacting to Barack Obama 's gestures toward Muslims . CNN 's Larry King spoke with author Deepak Chopra about the situation . Larry King : Let 's go to Dr. Deepak Chopra , the physician , philosopher . His new book is "  Jesus : A Story of Enlightenment . " Where were you born in India , Deepak ? Deepak Chopra : I was born in Delhi , but I have been in these hotels many , many times . I have stayed there , so I know the scene ; I know the restaurants . I have been trying to get in touch with my friends and relatives , some of whom I have spoken to , some of whom I ca n't speak to . The lines are jammed . We 're texting each other . A friend of mine from Egypt was in the restaurant at the Taj hotel when the firing started , and somehow she managed to avoid the fray , hid in a basement and is now holed up in a room which is right next to the Taj hotel and is waiting to be told what to do . The situation is complex , Larry , because it could inflame to proportions that we can not even imagine . It has to be contained . We now recognize that this is a global problem , with only a global effort can solve this . And you know , one of the things that I think is happening is that these militant terrorist groups are actually terrified that -LSB- President-elect Barack -RSB- Obama 's gestures to the rest of the Muslim world may actually overturn the tables on them by alienating them from the rest of the Muslim world , so they 're reacting to this . You know , this is Obama 's opportunity to actually harness the help of the Muslims . You know , there 's 1.8 billion Muslims in the world . That 's 25 percent of the population of the world . It 's the fastest-growing religion in the world . We can not , if we do not appease and actually recruit the help of this Muslim world , we 're going to have a problem on our hands . And we can not go after the wrong people , as we did after 9/11 , because then the whole collateral damage that occurs actually aggravates the situation . In India , this is particularly inflammatory , because there 's a rise of Hindu fundamentalism . We saw what that did in Gujarat , where , you know , Muslims were scorched and they were killed , and there was almost a genocide of the Muslims . India has 150 million Muslims . That 's more Muslims in India than in Pakistan . So this is an opportunity right now for India and Pakistan to recognize this is their common problem . It 's not a Muslim problem right now ; it 's a global problem . ... King : Do you think that this is just the beginning , that there 's a potential impact , or more ? Chopra : There is a potential impact of a lot more carnage . But it can be contained . And right now , one of the questions , you know , after I heard Barbara Starr talking about how coordinated this is , that there are militant groups that cross international boundaries , is who is financing this ? Where is the money coming from ? We have to ask very serious , honest questions . What role do we have in this ? Are our petrodollars funding both sides of this war on terrorism ? Why are we not asking the Saudis where that money is going that we give them ? Is it going through this supply chain to Pakistan ? It 's not enough for Pakistan to condemn it . Pakistan should cooperate with India in uprooting this . They should be part of the surgery that is going to happen . It 's not enough for Indians to blame Pakistanis . Indians should actually ask the Pakistanis to help them . And it 's not enough for us to worry about Westerners being killed and Americans being killed . Every life is precious over there . We have got to get rid of this idea that this is an American problem or a Western problem . It 's a global problem , and we need a global solution , and we need the help of all the Muslims , 25 percent of the world 's population , to help us uproot this problem . King : What does India immediately do ? Chopra : India at this moment has to contain any reactive violence from the fundamentalist Hindus , which is very likely and possible . So India has to condemn that by not blaming local Muslims . They have to identify the exact groups . And the world has to be very careful that they do n't go after the wrong people . Because if you go after the wrong people , you convert moderates into extremists . It happens every time , and retribution against innocent people just because they have the same religion actually aggravates and perpetuates the problem . King : Are you pessimistic ? Chopra : I think Mr. Obama has a real opportunity here , but a challenging opportunity , a creative opportunity . Get rid of the phrase "  war on terrorism . " Ask for a creative solution in which we all participate . King : Is it because the war on terrorism really can never be won because the terrorists  inaudible  ? Chopra : Because it 's an oxymoron . It 's an oxymoron , Larry , a war on war , a war on terrorism . You know , terrorists call mechanized death from 35,000 feet above sea level with a press of a button also terror . We do n't call it that , because our soldiers are wearing uniforms . They do n't see what is happening , and innocent people are being killed . So , you know , terror is a term that you apply to the other . King : Thanks , Deepak Chopra , as always , extraordinarily enlightening .	"  This is a global problem , " author Deepak Chopra says Barack Obama must use chance to get Muslims ' help , he says Officials must not go after the wrong people , Chopra says
CNN  -- An al Qaeda leader in Yemen was among those killed in what a Yemeni official called a "  counterterrorism strike , " the latest such strike at a time of intensified fighting in the Arab nation . The Yemeni official said Wednesday that those killed include Shawki al-Badani , whom the U.S. State Department named a "  specially designated global terrorist " in June . So , too , was Nabil al-Dahab , a top member of the conservative Salafist group Ansar al Sharia . Initial reports out of Yemen sometimes prove untrue . That said , the United States similarly believes al-Badani was killed in a strike , according to two U.S. officials who spoke to CNN on the condition of anonymity . They said they are still trying to confirm whether al-Dahab was killed . The officials would not say if the two men were at the same location . U.S. drones have been active in attacking suspected militants of late in Yemen , given the continued strength there of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , one of the terrorist network 's most active and high-profile branches . Al Qaeda resurgent in Yemen amid political turmoil On Tuesday , for instance , local security officials said that U.S. drones had killed at least nine suspected al Qaeda members . Getting al-Badani -- if and when his death is confirmed -- would appear to be a significant step for U.S. and allied forces . According to the State Department , he was a leader in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula who was reportedly assigned to target the U.S. Embassy in the Yemeni capital of Sanaa . He 's also been connected to May 2012 suicide bombing that killed more than 100 Yemeni soldiers and a summer 2013 plot that led to the closure of 19 U.S. diplomatic posts in the Middle East and Africa . Fighting continues on the ground in Yemen as well . Surge in fighting threatens Yemen 's survival The warring parties include not only Yemeni troops and AQAP militants , but also Houthis , members of a militant group that follows the Zaidi sect of Islam . The Houthis have managed to defeat al Qaeda on numerous fronts , last week sweeping its militants from a stronghold in Al Baitha province . Adding to an increasingly volatile situation , a secessionist movement in the south of Yemen , al Hirak , has stepped up protests in Aden , Yemen 's chief port and the largest city in the south . U.S. drone strikes kill al Qaeda militants , Yemen officials say CNN 's Elise Labott , Barbara Starr and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : Al Qaeda leader Shawki al-Badani was a top priority target wanted by the U.S. A Yemeni official says al-Badani was killed in a strike The U.S. has connected al-Badani to U.S. embassy attack plots
CNN  -- When Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits the White House next week , he will carry with him grand hopes for a re-energized partnership between his country and the United States . Fresh off a landslide victory in the Indian elections , Modi has seized an outright majority in parliament and a mandate for sweeping domestic reform . For years , the former chief minister of Gujarat faced an American visa ban due to his alleged role in violent riots . Now , the new premier 's visit represents a key opportunity to recharge a critical bilateral relationship . It 's one the United States and India should seize . Routinely described as "  natural allies , " India and the United States have over the past year seemed more like estranged partners , united more by a sense of dashed expectations than by a shared approach to common challenges . India 's economy , which grew 7.4 % annually between 2000 and 2011 , fell to 4.5 % growth in 2012 and has rebounded only slightly since . The economic slowdown prompted a more inward focus in New Delhi and questions in Washington about India 's ability to generate national power . At the same time , key agreements went unsigned or unfulfilled , including a landmark civil nuclear accord , defense pacts aimed at deepening security cooperation and a stalled bilateral investment treaty . Indian government officials expressed worry about Obama 's stated commitment to withdraw all troops from Afghanistan ; Americans had their own concerns about India 's disinclination to apply sanctions on Iran . The fallout from the December 2013 arrest in New York of India 's deputy counsel general brought relations to a new low . Albright : Why Modi visit crucial for U.S. , India , world Nevertheless , the strategic logic compelling closer bilateral ties remains sound . The United States and India share interests , including ensuring a stable Asian balance of power , expanding economic relations , preserving access to the global commons , countering terrorism , expanding access to energy sources and supporting the expansion of human rights . India and the United States view similarly the challenge posed by China 's rise , seeking strong economic ties with China and good diplomatic relations with Beijing while hedging by strengthening relations with other regional powers -- including each other . Stronger ties with India signal that the United States remains committed to an enduring presence in Asia and helps ensure that China ascends in a region where the great democratic powers are also strong . Despite -- or perhaps because of -- the underlying strategic rationale for closer partnership , American and Indian leaders have too frequently sounded more romantic than realistic about the possibilities . Rarely does a speech lack either a reference to the natural affinities between the "  world 's oldest democracy and the world 's largest democracy " or high-flying rhetoric about the ease with which "  natural allies " should work together . But invoking such romance risks raising expectations of effortless achievement , as if the compelling logic of two liberty-loving great powers working in harmony is itself sufficient to propel the relationship forward . The reality is more difficult and continuing to build a true strategic partnership will take senior-level ownership , hard work and the expenditure of diplomatic capital . Modi 's visit should mark a new step toward that goal . An ambitious but realistic agenda of deepened political , economic and security ties would reverberate in the Indo-Pacific region and beyond . As the two country 's leaders chart the next phase of the U.S.-India relationship , they should outline a path forward that encompasses new activity in a broad range of areas . Boosting economic and defense ties and enhancing regional cooperation should be at the top of the agenda . In practical terms , Washington and New Delhi should press ahead to complete their bilateral investment treaty negotiations , for instance , seek a resolution to their differences at the World Trade Organization and jump start trade liberalization talks . They should complete the implementation of the civil nuclear agreement and renew and expand their defense framework agreement , which expires next year . And they should deepen regional cooperation , including through dialogue on the shape of Afghanistan after the 2016 withdrawal of American troops and by reviving the U.S.-India-Japan-Australia Quadrilateral Security Dialogue . Modi 's visit to the United States represents an important opportunity to rejuvenate bilateral ties after a period of malaise and inattention . Once the pomp and ceremony of the visit have passed , the two countries must ensure that it does not represent a one-off attempt but rather the beginning of renewed attention to a relationship that requires constant tending . In so doing , they can deepen the transformation of relations between two great powers , anchor an Asian balance of power , spur growth in both countries and smooth the rise of the world 's largest democracy . In a world awash with intractable challenges , this is an investment worth making .	Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is visiting the United States India , U.S. have seemed like estranged partners , writes Richard Fontaine Modi 's visit to U.S. is an opportunity to rejuvenate bilateral ties , Fontaine says
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Gunmen fired on a children 's aid group in Pakistan 's tribal region Monday , leaving three staffers dead and at least one critically injured , the organization said . Pakistani paramilitary soldiers patrol in Quetta , the Balochistan capital . And earlier Monday a suicide bomber struck Pakistan 's military headquarters in Rawalpindi Monday , killing at least eight people , including the army 's top ranking medical officer and himself , military officials said . Lt. Gen. Mushtaq Ahmed Baig , the army surgeon-general , was among those killed in the blast in Rawalpindi , the officials said . The non-governmental organization , Plan , said that at around 4:15 p.m. up to a dozen men carrying guns and grenades entered the office in Mansehra , in the North West Frontier Province -- Pakistan 's lawless tribal region bordering Afghanistan . The gunmen began firing and detonated three explosive devices . Video from the scene showed the building engulfed in smoke and flames as staffers tried to escape from windows . Others were carried out by hand or on stretchers . The fire destroyed the building . Plan 's chief executive , Tom Miller , said the office immediately shut down as security teams looked into the incident . "  Our primary concern is for our staff and the families of those hurt in the attack , " Miller said in a written statement . The motive for the attack remains under investigation . Officials were not aware of any prior threats to the office , Plan spokesman Jon Slater told CNN . Slater said 21 full-time and seven part-time employees work at the office , though it 's unclear how many were present at the time of the attack . Most of the employees are locals . Plan , which helps Pakistani communities provide education and other opportunities to children , has had a presence in the region for more than a decade . The group says it was deeply involved in the relief effort following a major earthquake in 2005 that left nearly 3 million people homeless . At least 20 others were wounded in the Rawalpindi suicide bombing which happened along Mall Road , a heavily traveled thoroughfare in Rawalpindi , according to Pakistani officials . Watch the aftermath of the suicide bombing " The government promoted Baig to lieutenant general last January and he assumed his role as army surgeon-general the following month , according to a news release at the time . Baig , who graduated from a Lahore medical college , was an ophthalmologist . Rawalpindi , which lies just outside Islamabad , is a closely guarded city and home to Pakistan 's military headquarters . It has , in recent months , experienced several suicide bomb attacks -- including the recent assassination of Benazir Bhutto . The government blames the attacks on militants operating out of the country 's northwest tribal areas that border Afghanistan . In early February , a suicide bomber rammed his motorcycle into a van carrying army medics , killing at least four people . Opposition leader and Pakistan 's former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was killed at a rally in the city on December 27 . A bomber blew himself up near her limousine , and videotape showed a gunman firing toward her vehicle as she left the rally . Both the Pakistani government and British investigators concluded that she died from the suicide blast , not from a gunshot wound . Violent riots in the wake of her death forced the postponement of parliamentary elections . The government contends that Bhutto 's killing was orchestrated by Baitullah Mehsud , the leader of the Pakistani Taliban who has ties to al Qaeda . The CIA reached the same conclusion . Two months before Bhutto 's assassination , a suicide bomber detonated an explosive near the army headquarters -- which houses President Pervez Musharraf 's office -- killing six people and wounding 10 others . Musharraf who was inside his office at the time of the blast was not injured . Musharraf survived two assassination attempts in the city in 2003 . And in September , two suicide bombers blew themselves up , killing at least 25 people . One attack targeted a bus carrying government employees . The other involved a suicide bomber who crashed his motorcycle into cars . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Raid on children 's aid organization in Pakistan 's tribal region kills three Suicide bomber struck Pakistan 's military HQ , killing 8 people Army 's top medical officer among those killed in blast in Rawalpindi Closely guarded city is home to the country 's military headquarters
Washington  CNN  -- A federal grand jury in the District of Columbia has indicted two people for their alleged attempts to supply Iran with U.S. materials for gas centrifuges to enrich uranium , the Justice Department said Friday . The indictment charges Parviz Khaki , an Iranian citizen , and Zongcheng Yi , a resident of China , each with one count of conspiracy to violate the International Emergency Economic Powers Act  IEEPA  by conspiring to export the goods without the required license . Both also face one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States , two counts of smuggling , two counts of illegally exporting U.S. goods to Iran in violation of IEEPA and one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering , the Justice Department said . The indictment also accuses Khaki of seeking to obtain for customers in Iran radioactive source materials from the United States . Khaki , 43 , was arrested in the Philippines in May . Yi remains at large . "  This new indictment shows that we have no tolerance for those who try to traffic in commodities that can be used to support Iran 's nuclear program , " U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr. said in a statement . "  It also underscores our commitment to aggressively enforcing export laws . " As a signatory to the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , Iran has the right , like other countries , to enrich uranium for commercial and research reactors . But the same facilities that are used for peaceful enrichment can be used to enrich uranium for a bomb . That 's what many Western countries suspect Iran is doing . Iran insists its nuclear program is exclusively for peaceful purposes . Among the materials Khaki and Yi are accused of trying to obtain are measuring instruments , pressure transducers , vacuum pumps and maraging steel , a class of high-strength steel . All can be used in gas centrifuges for uranium enrichment . The indictment alleges they both also caused the illegal export of lathes and nickel alloy wire to Iran , and it accuses Khaki of trying to obtain radioactive source materials . In 2009 and again in 2011 , he allegedly contacted an undercover U.S. federal agent , posing as an exporter , asking the agent to purchase radioactive sources . A law enforcement official , not authorized to talk to the media , declined to say whether the radioactive and centrifuge materials made it through to Iran . The lathes and nickel alloy wire were shipped from the United States through China to Iran . If convicted , Khaki and Yi could face up to 20 years in prison for conspiring to violate IEEPA , five years for conspiring to defraud the United States , 10 years for each smuggling count , 20 years for each exporting count and 20 years in prison for conspiracy to commit money laundering . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	One of the accused was arrested in May ; the other remains at large Both face one count of conspiracy to violate the International Emergency Economic Powers Act Western nations suspect Iran wants to build nuclear weapons , an assertion Tehran denies
CNN  -- The New Zealand political party founded by German Internet tycoon Kim Dotcom has joined forces with a firebrand Maori activist , in what is being described as one of the world 's most unlikely political marriages of convenience . "  It 's a very unusual alliance ... It 's like Mark Zuckerberg getting into alliance with Fidel Castro , " political scientist Bryce Edwards , of the University of Otago , told CNN . "  The individuals involved are larger than life and dynamic people , but their ideological backgrounds are pretty disparate . " The Internet-Mana Party alliance between Dotcom 's Internet Party and the left-wing , indigenous-focused Mana Party was announced by Mana 's leader , the controversial Maori nationalist MP Hone Harawira . "  It 's completely new ground , but politics is about the art of the possible and I 'm looking forward to what we can achieve , " Harawira , seated next to the Internet Party 's chief executive Vikram Kumar , told reporters . Dotcom , the controversial founder of the shuttered file-sharing site Megaupload , can not personally run for office as he is not a citizen of his adopted home of New Zealand . The wealthy Web entrepreneur , who is battling extradition to the U.S. on criminal digital piracy charges , launched his party in January , with a pledge to focus on Internet privacy and government surveillance , and to make politics exciting . Critics , including New Zealand Prime Minister John Key , have described Dotcom 's political activities as part of an attempt to protect himself against U.S. extradition efforts . But Harawira said the issue of whether Mana would support Dotcom 's efforts to remain in New Zealand had "  not even come up once " in discussions . "  It 's not a matter on the table at all . " ` Gaming the system ' Bryce said the alliance represented an attempt by the two political minnows "  to game the electoral system and help each other get their politicians into parliament " at the general elections in September . Under New Zealand 's proportional voting system , a party must win either an electorate seat or at least 5 % of the nationwide vote to get into parliament -- a situation that hindered new parties , said Edwards , because potential supporters feared their vote would be wasted . But if Harawira retained his electorate seat , it would remove the need for the party to cross the 5 % threshold , and both parties could expect their share of the national vote to count towards a representative share of seats in the 120-member parliament . Edwards said he tipped the buzz around the alliance could see it fare well in the September vote . "  New Zealanders like to see outsiders having a go , " he said . "  The sum of the whole is going to be greater than the two parts . " Odd couple The two parties make strange bedfellows , apparently sharing little common ground beyond their opposition to the current center-right National government . "  On the two issues these parties are principally known for , Internet freedom and Maori nationalism , there does n't seem to be any crossover whatsoever , " said Edwards . "  They 're quite different versions of anti-establishment . One 's an urban , middle-class , tech version , the other 's more traditional left-wing , almost anti-capitalist . " Harawira , the son of a veteran Maori radical , has a long history of strident Maori activism and is seen as a figure of the far-left . He has been a polarizing presence in parliament since he was elected in a seat reserved for Maori voters in 2005 , criticized for remarks perceived as racist against white New Zealanders , and for calling for an opposition leader to be shot . He eventually split with the Maori Party in 2011 over their support of the government . His new party , Mana , was established primarily as a vehicle to represent the interests of indigenous New Zealanders but also attracted support from non-Maori left-wing activists . Dotcom 's political tendencies are less well-known . He has previously made a NZ$ 50,000  $ 42,792  donation to a right-wing New Zealand politician at the opposite end of the political spectrum to Mana , but the yet-to-be announced leader of the Internet Party , who will be named on Thursday , is somebody Harawira says he can work with . Internet Party chief executive Kumar said the two parties would retain their separate policies , and acknowledged his party was providing the bulk of the financial backing to the alliance . ` Big mistake ' Harawira 's decision to team with Dotcom 's party has already drawn criticism . One of the Mana Party 's founding members , the left-wing activist and former lawmaker Sue Bradford , quit the party over the move , which she labeled a "  big mistake . " "  Sucking up to a German millionaire is not in my future , " she told reporters . "  There 's no way I can continue to be in a party where we are all really just the political plaything of a millionaire Internet mogul . " Harawira 's former party has also attacked the move , with Maori Party co-leader Te Ururoa Flavell telling CNN affiliate TVNZ that "  utilizing Maori seats to drag in somebody who is questionable about their knowledge about things Maori ... it 's not on . " READ MORE : Dotcom released on bail READ MORE : Dotcom on his new file-sharing site	Kim Dotcom 's political party has formed an alliance with a Maori nationalist 's party The alliance is seen in New Zealand as an unlikely political marriage of convenience The move will give both parties a better chance of winning seats in elections in September The U.S. is seeking to extradite German-born Dotcom on criminal digital piracy charges
CNN  -- Honduras suspended diplomatic relations with Argentina on Tuesday in retaliation for having its ambassador expelled from Argentina last week . Riot police stand in front of marchers supporting ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya on Tuesday . The move stems from tensions between the two countries over a June 28 military-led coup in which Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya was replaced by congressional leader Roberto Micheletti . When Honduran Ambassador Carmen Eleonora Ortez Williams , who had been appointed by Zelaya , did not protest the coup , Argentina took exception . Most countries in the world -- as well as the United Nations , the Organization of American States and the European Union -- have denounced the coup and demanded that Zelaya be restored to power . Those nations still consider Zelaya president and do not recognize any officials from Micheletti 's government or any functionaries who support him . Argentina asked Ortez to leave last week "  for supporting the de facto government of Roberto Micheletti . " On Tuesday , Honduras suspended relations with Argentina and asked the South American nation 's diplomats to leave within 72 hours . Honduras ' relations with Argentina will be "  channeled " though the Argentine embassy in Israel , said a release issued in Tegucigalpa , the Honduran capital . "  With regards to Argentine personnel stationed in Tegucigalpa and who are finishing their functions in Honduras , they will be granted , based on the principle of strictest reciprocity , the same treatment , time and facilities that was conceded to Honduran functionaries accredited in Argentina , " the Honduran release said . The Honduran political crisis stems from Zelaya 's desire to hold a referendum that could have led to extending term limits by changing the constitution , despite the country 's congress having outlawed the vote and the supreme court having ruled it illegal . Zelaya vowed to hold the vote anyway but was ousted before the voting started . The congress named Micheletti provisional president shortly after Zelaya was detained by the military and sent into exile . Micheletti said Zelaya was not overthrown in a coup , but rather removed from power through constitutional means .	Honduras takes action after its ambassador is expelled from Argentina Argentina ousted ambassador because she backed new Honduras government Argentina among nations demanding that ousted Honduran president be restored Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya ousted in military coup in June
CNN  Take one look at these images and you experience a range of city-life emotions . You feel the noonday sun beating down on your back , surging waves of people on every side of you . You sip your overpriced beverage and stare into the distance for a reprieve from the crowds and from a morning spent on your feet . You see long shadows and you hear the quiet : the exhale of a city that 's been running hard and long all day -- the settling down , the withdrawal of vendors and businessmen and every sort of tradesmen in between . Dutch photographer Bas Losekoot is interested in these interactions , and by isolating them he examines "  the mask that people are wearing on the streets , and things like the gaze -- who 's looking at who ? "  What do these small gestures on the street tell us about the human condition ? " Losekoot asked . "  How do people feel and how do people respond to  each other  ? " Losekoot was trained as a classical photographer and spent time after graduation shooting stills on film sets . Influenced by the lighting techniques from the cinema , he had the idea : "  Why not bring the light to the streets ? " "  After that , " he said , "  the street became a studio and the people became the actors . " He started in New York three years ago when he had this idea . "  I was fascinated by this theme of the ` urban millennium , ' " he said . "  What 's going to happen when cities get more busy and people have to live in a smaller space ? " The urban millennium references the announcement , made by the U.N. Department of Economic and Social Affairs in 2007 , that "  more people  are  living in cities than in rural areas : 3.3 billion people  are  on three percent of the earth 's surface . " During his time in New York , Losekoot made a blueprint for where he would go next to continue this documentary work : Sao Paulo , Brazil ; Seoul , South Korea ; Mumbai , India ; and Hong Kong . He is now stationed in London , continuing the project while he pursues a master 's in photography and urban cultures . When deciding what city to focus on for his project , there are three determining factors , he said : "  Speed and scale of urbanization , size of economy , and population density . " Once arriving in a new city , Losekoot brings passion for his work , and grit and determination carry him through long days standing on dusty and crowded street corners . "  I find these places interesting , because this is where the personality and character and the desires that people have come up in places where the population density is very high , " he said . "  You really see what they 're thinking in those places , and small gestures have a lot of information about what we think about ourselves and what we think of each other . " Losekoot brings small flashes with him and sets them up on whatever is available , be it light posts , poles or railings . Then he waits for the perfect moments . Nothing is staged ; it 's all a candid flow of human interaction . The most subtle gaze or movement speaks volumes in a still image . Losekoot does his best to be invisible so that people will act naturally and not pose for the camera . The dramatic lighting makes for a very theatrical end product . Running late for the bus suddenly becomes an epic dash through dappled sunlight and illuminated sheet-metal buildings . "  The camera made me curious in the world , and the camera is a great way to explore places and people , " Losekoot said . "  And it can open doors in a lot of situations . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Losekoot asks thoughtful questions of society by holding up a mirror and inviting honest examination . "  What kind of cities are we creating , and in the end are we creating an ideal world ? Those are the big themes I like to touch with my work . And the themes I like to raise questions about , " he said . "  It 's very difficult to find those answers in photography ; it 's hard to see the progress of the city in someone 's eyes . I 'm very much interested in the people in there , in the social behavior of the group . " These questions are the driving force that propels Losekoot 's work . Exploring the dynamics of the streets . Capturing a moment in time that you can delve into and resonate with on a very human level . Just pictures of people on the street ? Yes . But the underlying implication is that we , the same humanity that used to roam the forest floor , now traverse concrete in this urban millennium . Bas Losekoot is a Dutch photographer based in London . You can follow him on Facebook .	Photographer Bas Losekoot is fascinated by city life and its people He took photos in major cities across the world to study how its residents interact In 2007 , a U.N. report said 3.3 billion people live in cities -- 3 % of the world 's surface
CNN  -- Skeletal remains found in a hayfield are those of Virginia Tech student Morgan Harrington , a spokeswoman for the Virginia State Police said Wednesday . The remains were identified based on dental records provided by the victim 's family , spokeswoman Corinne Geller said . Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old education major , went to a Metallica concert at the University of Virginia 's John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville , Virginia , on October 17 . She was separated from her friends and was the subject of repeated searches . "  Investigators are now working to determine how the remains came to be in this particular location , cause and time of death , and identifying who was responsible for the remains being there , " Geller said in a news release . More information is expected after the completion of an autopsy , the spokeswoman added . Police said skeletal remains were found Tuesday morning by a farmer driving a tractor through a hay field on his 700-acre farm . The area has no public access point , police said . The farm is about 10 miles from where the concert was being held . The farm 's owner , David Dass , told CNN affiliate WTVR that he was out looking for damage after wind and rain knocked down several trees in his yard over the past week . He told WTVR that the area is at least a mile and a half from a main roadway . "  I looked down and saw what looked like a human skull , and my first thought was that it was Morgan Harrington , " Dass told WTVR , adding that he immediately called 911 . WTVR : State police ` confident ' remains are Harrington There was significant evidence leading police to believe that the remains are Harrington 's , Virginia State Police Col. W. Steven Flaherty said , though he declined to specify what the evidence was . Police said the area where the remains were found had not been searched during the early stages of the investigation into her disappearance . The girl 's parents , Dan and Gil Harrington , were in town to identify the remains , WTVR reported . Dan Harrington , in tears , told WTVR that "  this is a horrible day " for his family . Gil Harrington expressed concerns Saturday that there was beginning to be complacency in the search , she wrote in a blog on the Web site set up to help find their daughter . On Sunday , more than three months after Morgan went missing , Gil Harrington still clung to hope . "  Despite the length of time Morgan has been gone I remain hopeful , " she wrote . "  Part of me is waiting to be surprised . Waiting for God to pull the rabbit out of the hat and bring Morgan home . "  I remember that the light always returns , it can not help but return . Will the light of my life return soon ? I can not imagine that all the water of Morgan 's potential is to run down the drain and be wasted . Can it really play out like that ? " Now , it appears , the Harringtons finally have their answer . Police say they have now switched their focus to finding out how Morgan Harrington ended up in the remote farm and who put her there . During the concert , Harrington left her friends to use the restroom , police said . When she did not return , they called her cell phone at 8:48 p.m. . She told them she was outside the arena and could not get back in because of its policy , police said , but told them not to worry about her and that she would find a ride home . There are restrooms inside the arena , police said , and police do not know how or why Harrington got outside . Witnesses who saw her outside the arena said she did not appear to be with anyone , police said . About 9:30 p.m. that night , witnesses reported seeing a person matching Harrington 's description walking on a nearby bridge , police said . No further sightings were reported . Harrington 's purse , with her identification and cell phone inside , was found the following day in an overflow parking lot near the arena , police said . A friend had driven Harrington 's car to the concert , she said , and was still in possession of the car keys when they got separated . Harrington was reported missing the day after the concert , when she did not show up at her parents ' home to study for a math exam with her father . Working with police and the Texas-based Laura Recovery Center , the Harringtons organized community searches , saying they would not give up hope that their daughter would be found . A $ 150,000 reward has been offered for information leading to Harrington 's whereabouts , police said . Of that , Metallica contributed $ 50,000 . The couple was joined at a news conference after her disappearance by Ed Smart , whose daughter Elizabeth was abducted in 2002 . She returned home nine months later , after police say they found her in the custody of Brian David Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Barzee . Harrington said he reached out to Smart last week to seek advice on how to go through the disappearance of a child . Harrington was wearing a black Pantera T-shirt , a black miniskirt , black tights and black boots when last seen .	NEW : Dental records confirm remains are Morgan Harrington , police say Skeletal remains found Monday morning in hay frield on 700-acre farm Student was separated from friends at Metallica concert on October 17 Harrington 's purse , cell phone found next day in overflow parking lot near arena
CNN  Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II on Friday made Hollywood star Angelina Jolie an honorary dame for her campaign to end the scourge of sexual violence in war zones . In a ceremony at Buckingham Palace , Jolie was presented with the Insignia of an Honorary Dame Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George . Jolie , 39 , is a special envoy to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , and she co-founded the Preventing Sexual Violence Initiative with former British Foreign Secretary William Hague . "  It is a myth that rape is an inevitable part of conflict , " Jolie said in June during the London opening of the biggest summit of its kind aimed at ending sexual violence in conflict . "  There 's nothing inevitable about it . It is a weapon of war aimed at civilians . It has nothing to do with sex , everything to do with power . " The Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in Conflict , hosted by the UK government , brought together representatives of more than 100 countries , as well as hundreds more experts , survivors , faith leaders , and staffers from NGOs and international organizations . According to UNICEF , the United Nations children 's agency , more than 150 million young girls and 73 million boys experience sexual violence every year , and children in conflict-affected countries are the most vulnerable . Few perpetrators are ever prosecuted or convicted . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Jolie is recognized for her campaign to end war-zone sexual violence She is made Honorary Dame Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George Jolie , 39 , co-founded the Preventing Sexual Violence Initiative
CNN  -- It was the annual gathering of the geeks in the city that never sleeps . After an attendance of 116,000 in 2012 , New York Comic Con tickets were sold out this year , as crowds lined up to attend panels , meet their favorite sci-fi/fantasy celebrities and comic book creators and show off their latest cosplay  or costume play  creations . Despite a controversy on the first day of the convention on Thursday -- in which the Con tweeted on behalf of attendees on their own Twitter accounts -- it appeared that the enthusiasm of fans did not let up with long lines over the rest of the weekend . The convention ceased that particular Twitter practice on Friday . "  It 's a little more intimate than some of the larger Cons , " said veteran convention attendee and iReporter Rene Carson . "  I just got out of a panel for David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson , and it was really easy to get into . With the others -LSB- conventions -RSB- , you ca n't get into those -LSB- kind of panels -RSB- without waiting for hours and hours . " Aside from Duchovny and Anderson 's 20th anniversary reunion , there were many other big events . The smash hit TV series "  The Walking Dead " announced two new actors joining their cast , Michael Cudlitz  in attendance  and Josh McDermitt , both playing characters from the popular comic book . A "  10th season " of the "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " comic book was confirmed with a new creative team , and a fourth season of MTV 's "  Teen Wolf " series was announced . DC Comics talked up their 2014 weekly series , "  Batman : Eternal . " And Marvel Comics finally confirmed that it would reprint the classic 1980s series "  Miraclemen , " alongside announcing new series starring "  Silver Surfer , " "  Punisher " and "  Ghost Rider . " But for many fans , "  NYCC " is about the costume play and the chance to meet their favorite stars .	Now in its eighth year , tickets for New York Comic Con sell out 116,000 fans attended in 2012 ; this year 's attendance should exceed that Stars mingle with costume players as big comic book and TV announcements are made
CNN  -- Three blasts rocked northeastern Myanmar leaving one person dead and two others injured , an official told CNN Thursday According to Sai Tin Ooo , a lawmaker in Shan state -- which borders China -- the first explosion occurred late Wednesday night causing no injuries . Two other explosions on Thursday morning killed one person and wounded two others . Local police confirmed the incidents but could provide no further details . The blasts are the latest in a series of explosions in Myanmar . Late on Monday , a homemade explosive device went off at the luxury Traders Hotel in former capital Yangon , a popular destination for international visitors , injuring one American woman , according to police . A 27-year-old suspect was arrested early Tuesday in the southeastern state of Mon in connection with the bombing at the Traders , Agence France-Presse reported . He had previously stayed in the room where the blast occurred , AFP said , citing police sources . A further suspect was being sought by authorities in connection with an explosion last Friday at a guesthouse in the town of Taunggu , about 65 kilometers  40 miles  from the capital Naypyidaw , that killed a man and a woman , AFP said . No group has claimed responsibility for the blasts , while police have not said whether they are connected . A number of Western governments have urged their nationals to exercise caution when traveling in Myanmar . The fight to free Myanmar 's child soldiers Myanmar releases 56 political prisoners CNN 's Sarita Harileta in Hong Kong and Phyo Wai Lin in Myanmar contributed to this report .	Explosion kills one , injures two in northeastern Myanmar Latest in string of recent blasts in the country , also known as Burma Western governments warn visitors to exercise caution when traveling there
DALAT , Vietnam  CNN  -- Dalat Nuclear Research Institute stands on a mountaintop in Vietnam 's southern highlands . The nuclear reactor is not what most Vietnamese think of when they think of Dalat . The town , nestled in pine woods , is Vietnam 's favorite honeymoon spot . Highly enriched uranium rods are laid out on a table at the research institute in Dalat , Vietnam . The institute is not a romantic place . Located in a cylindrical , concrete building , it contains a 500-kilowatt , pool-type reactor that had only recently been loaded with Soviet WWR-M2 fuel assemblies . Built in 1963 with U.S. help , it originally contained highly enriched uranium from the United States . In 1975 , at the end of the Vietnam War , the reactor was closed , then reconstructed by the Soviet Union . In 1983 , it reopened , this time using Soviet highly enriched uranium -- a Cold War marriage made in heaven . The institute created medical isotopes and carried out research , but few people if any , in those days thought about the possibility that terrorists might take an interest in the uranium . Watch experts remove nuclear fuel and show how easily terrorists could hide it " As I was soon to see for myself , fresh , highly enriched uranium is easy to smuggle . When clad with aluminum , its radiation is detectable only by specialized sensors . Approximately 25 kilograms are all that is needed to make a crude nuclear device . I had never heard of Dalat when , sitting at my desk in Washington last July , I got a call from a contact at the U.S. Department of Energy 's National Nuclear Security Administration . A dream I had had several years ago , when I was working in Moscow as CNN 's bureau chief was about to come true : CNN was given the green light to be the only television network invited to shoot a secret joint U.S. / Russian mission to remove the HEU fuel from the Dalat reactor . The Vietnamese government , once a U.S. enemy , had agreed to give up its HEU in exchange for converting the reactor to low-enriched uranium that can not be used for a bomb . My contact gave few details over the phone . I went to the Department of Energy for a closed-door briefing . CNN cameraman Charlie Miller and I would travel to Ho Chi Minh City , where we would meet the Department of Energy staff , then fly to Dalat and drive to the reactor . According to DOE ground rules , we would be able to share only a few details of the operation with our senior editors . The timing of the actual transfer of the HEU was classified . We would learn it only after we had arrived in Vietnam . We would not be able to broadcast our report until the nuclear material was back in Russia . After our arrival in Ho Chi Minh City September 11 , we , along with a U.S. and a Japanese newspaper reporter , met the other members of the team : two Russian nuclear experts and a representative from the International Atomic Energy Agency -- the nuclear watchdog of the United Nations -- who were to certify completion of the transfer . After a short flight to Dalat , we loaded into a van and set out on the serpentine road toward the research institute , passing ribbons of Vietnamese on motor scooters , the primary mode of transportation here . At the gate , a color poster of Ho Chi Minh greets us . Inside , we don yellow lab coats , cover our shoes with blue throw-away slippers and enter the cavernous room where the reactor stands , towering over us like something out of "  Dr. Strangelove . " The HEU fuel rods have been removed from the reactor and are stored in a large metal case . A Vietnamese scientist fumbles with the keys , then opens the top and begins handing the rods to the Russian experts , who lay them out on a table . The experts are wearing dosimeters to measure the radiation , but only one person wears gloves -- simple , rough cotton ones . They hand me a fuel rod and I hold it in my bare hands . Now I understand just how easy it would be for a terrorist to disguise the fact that he or she was carrying highly enriched uranium . The fuel rod looks for all the world like an aluminum leg to a small table . The experts lead us up steep metal stairs to the top of the reactor . I peer down into the pool of water into which a technician is lowering new fuel rods made of low-enriched uranium . Unlike highly enriched uranium , this fuel can not be used to make a bomb . The Vietnamese are willing to cooperate , but they also want to verify that this new fuel will work as well as the HEU did . In the control room , they huddle in front of a wall of electronic gauges , waiting until the reactor reaches "  criticality . " As a blue gauge hits the mark , the room fills with applause . Professor Vuong Huu Tan , chairman of the Vietnam Atomic Energy Commission , tells me "  the most important part of the reactor is training our people in nuclear energy . " This is the other part of the equation : By complying with the U.S. / Russian effort to remove vulnerable nuclear materials , Vietnam assures it will get international support for its quest to build nuclear power plants to generate energy . Both U.S. and Russian companies are eyeing Vietnam as a potential market . The Russians wrap the fuel rods in plastic , then insert them into two large , steel cylinders . The IAEA expert seals them . If they 're tampered with , it will be obvious . The next day , a flatbed military truck backs into the reactor room . A crane lifts the cylinders and gently lays them on the truck 's wooden bed as a Vietnamese military officer , in olive drab , looks on . The final and most vulnerable phase of the operation begins . The truck drives through the reactor gates and joins a convoy guarded by armed soldiers . Sirens blaring , we set out in a slow procession , weaving down the mountain road , traffic police on motorcycles waving riders on motor scooters out of the way . At Dalat 's airport , the truck wheels onto the tarmac and stops near a Vietnamese military helicopter . A forklift lowers the cylinders to the ground and six soldiers heave them in slings to the helicopter . From there , they are flown to the military base at Ho Chi Minh City airport , where they are put onto a Russian transport plane . Until the last moment , it is unclear whether the Vietnamese military will allow journalists onto the base . As one soldier tells a member of the nuclear team , "  the last time Americans were here was when you bombed us . " But they do let us in . "  No pictures outside . Just inside the plane . " We climb the stairs into the belly of the Ilyushin 76 and see the two baby-blue cylinders filled with highly enriched uranium , nestled side by side , like two children of the Cold War , ready for a trip back to where they came from : Russia . At 2 p.m. , right on schedule , the engines roar and the plane lumbers down the runway , off to its ultimate destination in the Ural Mountains . There , the HEU will be blended into a form that can not be used for bomb-making . My instincts tell me to grab a phone and call CNN headquarters in Atlanta to report that the plane has taken off , but the embargo is strict : no broadcast until the HEU is safely back on Russian soil . On the sweltering tarmac at a military base in Ho Chi Minh City , as the plane rises in the sky , the team of nuclear experts , the Vietnamese soldiers and even we reporters break into applause . Three countries : Russia , the United States and Vietnam , intertwined in a complex page of history , brought together in a mission to make the world more secure . This is the 13th such mission carried out by the United States and Russia . Altogether , a total of 442 kilograms of fresh HEU from 11 countries , enough to build more than 17 crude nuclear devices , have been removed . But there is more to be done . The two countries still are only halfway there in securing vulnerable nuclear materials around the world . E-mail to a friend	CNN 's Jill Dougherty gets exclusive access to removal of nuclear material Vietnam gives up highly enriched uranium from Dalat Nuclear Research Institute The reactor is converted to low-enriched uranium that can not be used for a bomb The old HEU will be blended into a form that can not be used for bomb-making
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Bonuses for Wall Street fat cats are easy political fodder in uncertain economic times , but former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Friday cutting corporate bonuses means slashing jobs in the Big Apple . Rudy Giuliani says that when he was mayor , he gauged the New York City budget by Wall Street bonuses . "  If you somehow take that bonus out of the economy , it really will create unemployment , " he said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  It means less spending in restaurants , less spending in department stores , so everything has an impact . " President Obama admonished corporate America on Thursday after the New York comptroller reported that Wall Street bankers received $ 18.4 billion in bonuses in 2008 . "  This is the height of irresponsibility . It is shameful , " the president said . Watch Obama blast Wall Street " These are the same institutions "  teetering on collapse " and asking taxpayers to bail them out while taxpayers are dealing with their own tumultuous finances , he said . Last year , Congress passed a $ 700 billion bailout for financial institutions , and an $ 819 billion economic stimulus package is presently making its way through the Senate after garnering House approval Wednesday . "  There will be time for -LSB- bankers -RSB- to make profits , and there will be time for them to get bonuses -- now is not that time , " Obama said of the bonuses , which were about equal to those of 2004 . When Giuliani ran for the GOP presidential nomination , pundits said his stances on issues like abortion rights separated him from self-proclaimed Reagan Republicans in the field . Not up for debate is Giuliani 's alignment with the 40th president on "  trickle-down economics , " the theory that keeping the rich wealthy creates jobs and solvency for the lower classes . "  Those bonuses , if they are reversed , are going to cause unemployment in New York , " the self-described fiscal conservative said . "  I remember when I was mayor , one of the ways in which you determine New York City 's budget , tax revenue is Wall Street bonuses . "  Wall Street has $ 1 billion , $ 2 billion in bonuses , the city had a deficit . Wall Street has $ 15 billion to $ 20 billion , New York City had a $ 2 billion , $ 3 billion surplus , and it 's because that money gets spent . That money goes directly into the economy . First of all , it gets taxed as income . Secondly , it gets taxes again when somebody buys something with it . " In announcing the Wall Street bonuses Wednesday , State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli said the $ 18.4 billion represented a stark dip from 2007 's bonuses , which totaled $ 32.9 billion "  A 44 percent decline in the bonus pool will ripple through the regional economy and the state and the city will lose major tax revenues , " DiNapoli said in a statement . "  The securities industry has already lost tens of thousands of jobs and the industry is still continuing to write off toxic assets . It 's painfully obvious that 2009 will probably be another difficult year for the industry . " While city incomes taxes are common in Iowa , Indiana , Maryland , Michigan , Ohio and Pennsylvania , they are an anomaly in most parts of the country , according to a 2008 report by Tax Foundation , a Washington-based think tank . New York City and Yonkers are the only cities levying income taxes in New York state , the foundation said . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Friday the city needs to close a projected $ 4 billion budget gap in fiscal year 2010 . Skyrocketing unemployment is partially to blame , he said , projecting that 300,000 jobs will be lost in the city by the second quarter of 2010 . Of those , 46,000 job losses are expected to have come from Wall Street , a particularly devastating blow to the economy because those in the financial community tend to pay double or triple the taxes paid by employees in other industries , he said . "  When Wall Street catches a cold , it 's a very serious illness to us , " Bloomberg said . In 2008 , New York had $ 41.2 billion in expenses and $ 42.8 billion in revenue , he said . Projections suggest that in 2010 the city will have $ 43.4 billion in expenses but only $ 37.1 billion in revenue . Bloomberg proposed several measures , including an increase in the sales tax from 8.375 percent to 8.75 percent , in an effort to balance the budget . Bloomberg has already slashed $ 3.7 billion in spending since last year , an administration official said . In recent months , the mayor has tried to shore up city finances by raising hotel taxes and pulling back a property tax cut set to expire this summer , the official said . CNN 's Kiran Chetry and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : NYC mayor : "  When Wall Street catches a cold , it 's a very serious illness to us " Rudy Giuliani : Cutting bonuses means less spending in restaurants , stores President Obama chides Wall Street after report of $ 18.4 B in bonuses in 2008 Giuliani says he used to gauge New York City budget by Wall Street bonuses
CNN  -- King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia has intervened to help a man who has become one of the heaviest people in the world . The king ordered Khalid bin Mohsen Shaari , who weighs 1,345 pounds  610kg  and is unable to move by himself , be transferred from the Southern border province of Jazan to the country 's capital Riyadh to undergo treatment . Read more : Dubai unveils golden reason to lose weight According to Guinness World Records , the record weight for a living person is held by Manuel Uribe from Mexico , who weighed 1,235 pounds  560kg  in 2006 . After making a television appeal for help , his weight in March 2012 had fallen to 980 pounds  444.6 kg . According to the official spokesman for Saudi Arabia 's Ministry of Health , Shaari was due to arrive in Riyadh either later Monday or on Tuesday . Pictures showed a fork-lift truck lifting him in is bed . The spokesman said Shaari is aged between 18 and 20 . He will be treated at the King Fahd Medical City , and undergo a series of dietary and physical programs in order to help him lose weight , the spokesman said . Although surgery is not scheduled at the moment , the Ministry of Health says it has not been ruled out . Special beds and trolleys have been made for him . Read more : Kuwaitis fight fat with stomach stapling This case highlights how obesity is a growing problem in the Gulf . According to the U.N. , Kuwait has the highest proportion of obese adults in the Middle East , with 42.8 % of its population considered severely overweight . Saudi Arabia follows at 35.2 % . The growth of obesity in the region is also an economic concern . According to a report by Frost & Sullivan , healthcare spending across the Gulf will triple to $ 133.2 billion by 2018 , mainly as a result of lifestyle diseases .	Khalid bin Mohsen Shaari , who weighs 1,345 pounds  610kg  and is unable to move by himself King Abdullah ordered him to be transferred to the country 's capital Riyadh to undergo treatment He will be treated at the King Fahd Medical City , and undergo a series of dietary and physical programs
CNN  -- Remember the worst job you ever had ? You know , back when there were jobs to be had ? Jesse Eisenberg tries to strike up a relationship with Kristen Stewart in "  Adventureland . " For writer-director Greg Mottola , it was the summer he spent on hiatus between college and the real world , working as a carny at the local carnival . He 's turned the experience into the basis for the wonderful "  Adventureland . " Handing out stuffed animals to the lucky customer whose tin horse romps home in first place -- this is not how James  Jesse Eisenberg from "  The Squid and the Whale "  would choose to see himself . The paycheck is dismal , but undeniably commensurate with  as a character puts it  "  the work of pathetic , lazy morons , " which is what it comes down to . Most jobs have their compensations , though . At Adventureland , for James , the biggest benefit comes in the form of Em  Kristen Stewart  , another recent grad with plans to move to New York in the fall , and who is n't entirely disdainful of his company . Last time out of the gate Mottola enjoyed a hit with the spectacularly lewd "  Superbad , " an angle that Miramax Films is understandably keen to play up in the marketing this time around . At first glance the cap seems to fit . James ' sexual experience -- or rather the lack of it -- is a defining element in the story . "  Adventureland " comes with the usual farcical peccadilloes of teen comedy -- barf gags , car wrecks and inopportune erections -- as well as several familiar supporting players from the Judd Apatow stable . Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig are engagingly upbeat as the mutually besotted park managers , and Martin Starr  from "  Freaks and Geeks "  is James ' cerebral , pipe-smoking buddy , Joel .  Mottola directed a couple of episodes of Apatow 's short-lived Fox series "  Undeclared . " There 's also an extended cameo from Ryan Reynolds , an actor whose faintly supercilious good looks have graced innumerable dumb slacker comedies , including "  Van Wilder , " "  Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle " and "  Waiting . " Yet , after an initial flurry of gross guffaws , the movie edges toward something rather different : a nuanced , sensitive coming-of-age story that finds its heart in post-adolescent romantic turmoil . Obviously adept with actors , Mottola respects his characters too much to let first impressions stick . The relationships in "  Adventureland " are much richer , and stickier , for it . The understanding that James arrives at with his father  Jack Gilpin  , for example , is delineated in just a handful of looks and glances between them , but it 's enough to imply the older man 's resignation at his fate , and his appreciation for James ' tacit sympathy . It 's in moments like these  and there are a number of them  that we 're reminded Mottola made a fine indie movie , "  The Daytrippers , " more than a decade ago now , another sharp and tender comic distillation of family bonds and fractures . Blessed with comical seriousness , Eisenberg is like a young Woody Allen : fretful , intelligent , naive and deluded . And like Allen , he seems to enjoy more than his fair share of luck with the opposite sex . Still , "  Adventureland " makes more effort than "  Superbad " -- not that hard admittedly -- to develop a character for Stewart . Looking wan and pensive  the "  Twilight " star always looks in need of a good night 's sleep  , Stewart as Em gives the impression she 's living life more acutely than the others . She seems to have more on the line . Set in the mid - '80s , the film suggests the period unobtrusively , but predominantly through pop music . Lou Reed provides sweet relief to repeated bursts of Falco 's "  Rock Me Amadeus . " Yes , in retrospect , that 's exactly what being young in 1987 was like . A mature movie about immature young people , "  Adventureland " may be too muted to succeed in today 's marketplace , too sensitive for its own good . Like an anxious parent , a critic can only send it on its way and hope the world treats it well . "  Adventureland " is rated R and runs 107 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	"  Adventureland " is about a young man spending a summer in a crummy carnival Tom Charity : Film pays attention to teen movie clichés but goes much deeper Director Greg Mottola cares about characters , making movie richer , Charity says
New York  CNN  -- Investigators suspect arson in a fire that killed five Guatemalan immigrants in Brooklyn , they said Monday . "  People are all concerned and very sad , " said Maria Luz de Zyriek , the Guatemalan consul in New York . "  This is a horrible tragedy . " Authorities continue to investigate and have not formally determined a cause , the Fire Department of New York said . The blaze damaged a restaurant and apartments in a three-story building in the Bensonhurst neighborhood , Frank Dwyer , a fire department spokesman , has said . Luisa Chan , a mother of two , died in the blaze , said Mario Alvarado , a member of Jovenes Cristianos -- Christian Youth , a church with about 200 members , most of them Guatemalan immigrants , on 17th Avenue in Brooklyn . Chan usually attended services on Tuesday , Wednesday , Saturday and Sunday , Alvarado said . The congregation mourned her on Sunday . "  The service was so quiet , " he said . Are you there ? Share your story Investigators have not publicly identified the victims , but the Guatemalan consul said they were all from the western part of the country . Two were from the state of Totonicapan and three were from the state of Quetzaltenango , she said . After the fire broke out , Chan managed to get her 2-year-old son to safety , apparently by handing him to someone on the floor below , and threw her 2-month-old daughter toward a passerby , said Alvarado , who said he received that account from someone close to the family . "  Thank God they 're safe , " he said . A 2-month-old baby was in critical condition , fire officials said , but the child was not immediately identified ; three other people sustained injuries ranging from serious to minor . Thirteen firefighters sustained minor injuries . The fire started about 2:30 a.m. Saturday behind a door in one of the apartment units , Dwyer said . "  If somebody starts a fire there intentionally , that would certainly be looking to kill somebody , because there 's no way for them to get out , " Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano said . At Chan 's church , members in mourning were waiting Monday for more information from authorities , Alvarado said . They also were getting ready for a memorial service and trying to comfort Chan 's husband , who survived the fire , the consul said . "  The husband and wife belonged to that church . Everybody there knew them , " said Luz , who went to the church during the weekend . "  Everybody there was so sad . Everybody was crying and praying for the husband , " she said . "  He 's going to have to raise those two little kids now by himself . " CNN 's Miguel Susana contributed to this report .	NEW : Victims are Guatemalan immigrants , friends say Arson suspected in early Saturday fire , authorities say Thirteen firefighters , four residents injured Roof of three-story building partially collapsed
CNN  -- There are many lessons to be learned from our experiences before and after 9/11 . One lesson is that when you get a wake-up call ... Wake Up ! We received many wake-up calls from Osama bin Laden before 9/11 . February 1993 : The first World Trade Center attack by Ramzi Yousef , Omar Abdul Rahman  the blind Sheikh  and its financier , Khalid Sheikh Mohammad . Six people were killed and more than 1,000 were injured . June 1993 : Rahman and others were charged in a plot to bomb New York landmarks including the Lincoln Tunnel , George Washington Bridge and the FBI 's New York office . October 1993 : Al Qaeda-trained followers kill 18 and wound 73 U.S. military officers in Mogadishu , Somalia , now known as "  Black Hawk Down . " August 1998 : The bombings of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania leave 12 Americans and hundreds of others dead . The FBI places bin Laden on its Ten Most Wanted list . October 2000 : The bombing of the USS Cole in Yemen kills 17 sailors . September 11 , 2001 : The coordinated attack included four hijacked planes , two of which were flown into each World Trade Center tower and a third into the Pentagon . The fourth crashed in a Pennsylvania field when passengers heroically stormed the cockpit . In the summer of 2001 , the declared priorities of the Department of Justice were guns and gangs . An FBI request for hundreds of additional agents , analysts and linguists for its counterterrorism program was rejected and returned on September 10 . Since 9/11 , we have spent trillions of dollars fighting two wars and reorganizing the federal law enforcement and intelligence community . Significant enhancements were made to existing agencies , and the Department of Homeland Security , including the TSA , was created . Are we safer today ? I agree with experts who believe that a large sophisticated and coordinated attack such as 9/11 is extremely unlikely . The decimation of al Qaeda , the killing of bin Laden , the monitoring of the global financial network and international communications among terrorists , greater international sharing of information and public awareness make it nearly impossible to duplicate the scale and scope of the 9/11 plan . The United States has now received "  specific , credible but unconfirmed " information that one or more vehicles containing explosives may be used for an attack in New York and/or Washington this weekend . This reporting makes no mention of a large scale attack using aircraft . It is considered credible because accurate information has been previously obtained from this source . However , it is unconfirmed because the terrorists have not been identified and the actual attack plan has not been verified . I offer a lesson from history to support my belief that smaller attacks will continue for decades . Although Hitler died in his Berlin bunker in April 1945 , "  Hitlerism " lives on : In 1977 , the National Socialist Party of America , a neo-Nazi group , held demonstrations in the Chicago area . "  The Turner Diaries " by William Pierce was first published in 1978 and is considered the inspiration for the creation of numerous groups and the commission of many crimes . These include the 1984 murder of Jewish radio talk show host Alan Berg and the 1995 attack on the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City . This year , on January 19 , a bomb was placed on the Martin Luther King Day parade route in Spokane , Washington . A man with past ties to a neo-Nazi group , the National Alliance , has pleaded guilty . If these events still occur 66 years after Hitler 's death , what can we expect during the next 66 years following bin Laden 's death ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas V. Fuentes .	Thomas Fuentes : Lesson of 9/11 is to pay attention to threats He says there were numerous warnings of al Qaeda 's danger Fuentes says likelihood of large-scale attacks like 9/11 are slim He says smaller attacks could continue for decades
At the former headquarters of the East German secret police , cheerful American and British tourists scan maps and chatter as they file into the blocky concrete building once known as "  the House of One Thousand Eyes . " In its heyday , the Ministry of State Security , or Stasi , was the all-powerful shadow government of the communist German Democratic Republic  GDR  . Behind a grim concrete screen molded into eye-shaped portholes , true believer Erich Mielke created the world 's first surveillance state -- operating a network of agents and informers so vast it encompassed every school , factory , apartment block and bar in the country , according to Anna Funder , the author of "  Stasiland : Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall . " Mielke 's grim bureaucracy was n't the only game in town , I discovered on a do-it-yourself tour of "  the spy 's Berlin . " Before the Berlin Wall came down in 1989 , the unique position of West Berlin -- a walled outpost of freedom behind the Iron Curtain -- made the divided city the focus of Western and Soviet "  tradecraft " for nearly 50 years , says Bernd Kostka , author of "  Berlin : Capital of Spies . " "  Only here in Berlin were the main protagonists of the Cold War living door to door , " Kostka says . Along with the House of One Thousand Eyes , now home to the Stasi Museum  Ruschestrasse 103 , Haus 1 , Berlin ; +49 30 553 68 54  , various sites around the city commemorate the capital 's clandestine history -- even as revelations that the U.S. National Security Agency was until recently tapping Chancellor Angela Merkel 's mobile phone prove that the tradition lives on . iReport : Tell us your favorite thing about Berlin Noir intrigue There 's a wealth of experiences here for the espionage buff . On a rainy night at Checkpoint Charlie  Friedrichstrasse 43-45 , Kreuzberg , Berlin  , the most famous crossing point between East and West Berlin , it 's just possible to imagine the noir intrigue of John Le Carre 's "  The Spy who Came in from the Cold " -- however much a tourist destination it becomes on a sunny afternoon . Watching the incomparable movie version starring Richard Burton helps . Featured in that masterpiece as well as countless other films , the crossing 's main historical importance stems from the infamous "  Checkpoint Charlie standoff , " when a 1961 confrontation between Soviet and American tanks nearly sparked World War III . Outside the Friedrichstrasse S-Bahnhof  Reichstagufer 17 , Berlin-Mitte ; +49 30 46777790  -- another Le Carre locale -- the Tranenpalast , or Palace of Tears , captures the atmosphere of paranoia more vividly . Named for the tearful goodbyes of separated families , this station was once the official crossing point for West Germans visiting relatives in the GDR .  Le Carre 's "  Sasha " recounts the story of a surrender to border guards here in "  Absolute Friends . " Along with smuggled contraband and artifacts from "  behind the Wall , " the museum showcases an incredible exhibition of video interviews and documentary footage -- as well as the original signs and apparatus for the checkpoint searches and interviews . On the outskirts of town , the American side of the spy story is on display at the Allied Museum  Clayallee 135 , Berlin ; +49 30 8181990  in Zehlendorf -- which houses seven meters of a 420-meter-long Allied forces spy tunnel dug under the Wall to tap East German telephone lines in 1953 .  A story fictionalized in Ian McEwan 's "  The Innocent " and the later movie starring Anthony Hopkins . One of the most celebrated missions of the early Cold War , the tunnel was the largest and most expensive intelligence operation in Europe in the 1950s . But it 's hard to say who benefited from it most , says "  Capital of Spies " author Kostka . Though the tunnel allowed the Allies to intercept some 400,000 Soviet army telephone calls and countless telegraph messages before it was discovered in 1956 , the Russians knew about it from the beginning , Kostka explains . They kept that knowledge hidden from Berlin to protect their own man in the British government , MI6 case officer and double agent George Blake . The eastern portion of the tunnel , long thought to be lost , was discovered by a man chopping wood in 2012 . ` Bridge of spies ' Near the tunnel 's original location , the Glienicke Brucke , or Bridge of Spies ,  Bundestrasse 1 , Berlin  between Wannsee in the West and Potsdam in the East , is perhaps the most famous espionage landmark in the city . The border crossing designated for the exchange of captured spies , it was here that a KGB agent caught spying for the Russians in New York was traded for downed U-2 spy plane pilot Francis Gary Powers . It 's an attractive spot on the Havel River , but there 's little more than a plaque to mark its significance , so it 's best viewed today as a quick stop on a larger tour of Potsdam or other nearby sites . At the Teufelsberg , or Devil 's Mountain , a similar listening post -- this one an abandoned U.S. radar station and observation tower -- has been taken over by Berlin 's ubiquitous graffiti artists . A silent tour around the strange , white radomes -- weatherproof microwave antennae cases reminiscent of Disney 's Epcot Center -- gives an eerie feeling in the age of the recent NSA disclosures from Edward Snowden . Once a secretive military enclave , the full history of the complex wo n't be revealed until documents are declassified in 2022 , but it 's estimated more than 1,000 spies worked here throughout the Cold War , 24 hours a day , 365 days a year , as part of a surveillance network known as ECHELON . For me , though , nothing captures the Cold War spy 's world better than the hot and stuffy Stasi Museum , where the GDR spymaster 's suite of offices and conference rooms have been preserved unchanged . In these spartan chambers , banks of Bakelite telephones , steel desks and chunky typewriters evoke what renowned Nazi trial chronicler Hannah Arendt might have called "  the bureaucracy of evil , " had she written about East Germany rather than the Third Reich . As the milky light reflects off the wood paneling , a shudder runs down my spine .	Berlin 's past as an espionage hotspot has left the city with numerous spying-linked attractions The Stasi Museum features relics of East Berlin 's obsession with monitoring its own people Other destinations include a tunnel dug to tap into communication lines , and an antenna tower
CNN  -- A beautiful 29-year-old woman with a rare brain tumor , Brittany Maynard and her tragic death have sparked the on-again , off-again debate about whether assisted suicide should be legalized in this country . The media frenzy over the Maynard story has made it almost impossible for a legitimate opposing view to be heard , and many people believe that any opposition has to come from religious extremists or right-wing busybodies . I am neither . As a disability rights advocate for over 40 years as well as a person living with a disability , I am deeply troubled about the Maynard media swarm . Assisted suicide legalization is n't about Brittany Maynard . It 's about the thousands of vulnerable ill , elderly and disabled people who will be harmed if assisted suicide is legalized . A recent report from the Institute of Medicine calls the country 's system of caring for terminally ill people "  largely broken , " "  poorly designed to meet the needs of patients " and refers to Medicare and Medicaid , health care systems designed to meet the needs of the poorest among us , "  in need of major reorientation and restructuring . " More from Opinion : Why assisted suicide laws are dangerous The idea of mixing a cost-cutting "  treatment " such as assisted suicide into a broken , cost-conscious health care system that 's poorly designed to meet dying patient 's needs is dangerous to the thousands of people whose health care costs the most -- mainly people living with a disability , the elderly and chronically ill . Assisted suicide drugs cost less than $ 300 . Compare that with the cost of treating a terminal illness . This is one of the many reasons every major disability rights organization in the country that has taken a position on assisted suicide is opposed to legalization , along with the American Medical Association , palliative care specialists and hospice workers who know better than anyone that advancements in palliative care have eliminated pain as an issue for patients who receive appropriate care . Anyone dying in discomfort may legally today , in all 50 states , receive palliative sedation , wherein the patient is sedated and discomfort is relieved while the dying process takes place peacefully . This legal solution does not raise the very serious difficulties that legalizing assisted suicide poses . More from Opinion : When assisted suicide is not the answer Assisted suicide ultimately affects everyone 's health care . In Oregon , where assisted suicide is legal and where Maynard moved to be prescribed the lethal dose , patients have been harmed . In 2008 , cancer patient Barbara Wagner was prescribed a chemotherapy treatment by her doctor , but Oregon 's state-run health plan sent a letter which denied coverage of this chemo , yet offered to cover other "  treatments , " including assisted suicide . The same scenario happened to another Oregon resident , Randy Stroup . The Oregon assisted suicide reports tell us that over 95 % of those who supposedly received lethal prescriptions in Oregon had insurance , but how many got a denial like the one sent to Wagner and Stroup ? When assisted suicide is encouraged , it becomes a covered "  treatment " and ultimately removes choices from patients . Assisted suicide 's supposed "  safeguards " are hollow . Nothing in the Oregon , Washington and Vermont laws prevents an heir or caregiver from suggesting assisted suicide as an option , taking the person to the doctor to sign up and witnessing the consent form . Once the prescription is obtained , with no further witness required , nothing in the law ensures the person 's consent or self-administration at the time of death . More from Opinion : Maynard was courageous and right With the rising tide of elder abuse in this country , we ca n't ignore the dangers of granting blanket legal immunity to all the participants in an assisted suicide . When voters are given all the facts surrounding assisted suicide , they reject bills to legalize it . This was the case in Massachusetts when Question 2 , which would have legalized assisted suicide in the Bay State , was on the ballot in 2012 but was defeated . In 2014 , bills again in Massachusetts , Connecticut and New Hampshire failed because of lack of support in the legislature . Brittany Maynard 's story is incredibly heart-wrenching . When you look at assisted suicide based on one individual , it often looks acceptable . But when you examine how legalization affects the vast majority of us -- especially those most vulnerable -- the dangers to the many far outweigh any alleged benefits to a few .	Diane Coleman : I am deeply troubled about the Brittany Maynard media swarm Coleman : Legalizing assisted suicide would harm the chronically ill , elderly or disabled She says mixing a cost-cutting "  treatment " into our broken health care system is a bad idea Coleman : If assisted suicide is encouraged , it may well take choices away from patients
Washington  CNN  -- When two focus groups met earlier this week -- conducted using "  Walmart moms " or women ages 29-54 who 've shopped at the big-box retailer recently , they revealed the secret behind how this crucial demographic decides whom they vote for this year : Google . "  You Google it , " said participants from North Carolina when asked about their voting decision process . "  Probably the night before , " said another North Carolina woman , on when she looks up information on candidates . The women were part of two , ten-person groups in North Carolina and Louisiana on Monday night that were underwritten by Walmart . In both states , female Democratic Senators are running in tight reelection races , meaning that the women in the focus groups represent an essential category of voters Democrats need to keep those seats and hold on to control of the Senate . The racially , ethnically and educationally diverse group of mothers expressed concern about the future throughout most of the three-hours of focus grouping . Many were concerned about Ebola and less so about ISIS . They can recall the negative ads in their respective Senate races , but on the whole , do n't know the candidates well . And even though Republicans have tried to tie every Democrat to President Barack Obama , the women did n't see the unpopular president as a campaign issue , even if they think he is doing a bad job . What was most striking in the group , however , was how distant the Senate races in each state felt to the women . According to the Center for Responsive Politics , in Louisiana 's Senate race , between Democrat Mary Landrieu , Republican Bill Cassidy and independent Rob Maness , almost $ 40 million has been spent . Upwards of $ 80 million has been spent in the race between Thom Tillis and Kay Hagan in North Carolina . All that money , though , has bought very little with these women . "  Nothing is going to change , " said Lauren , a 44-year old North Carolinian . Politicians "  stand where they stand . Nothing is going to change the next two weeks . It is going to be like you are cramming for a test . " Their interest does n't mean they are n't concerned , however . The Walmart moms of this particular focus group say they are worried about the future , anxious about their children and feel like politicians in Washington do n't understand their daily struggle . We are "  out of site , out of mind , " said Jennifer , a 38-year old cafeteria worker and mother of one . "  Unless you are out there serving that child at school , or helping that student with just learning how to be nice with one another ... or you are getting up at 4:30 in the morning so you can beat the rush hour and get to work on time . " After a slight pause , she added . "  They do n't -LSB- understand -RSB- , they ca n't . " When asked what one message they would communicate to leaders in Washington , the women struck a similar tune : My representatives in Washington have lost touch with their roots and do n't understand my struggle . "  I wish you could have been in my shoes , and seen -LSB- the -RSB- struggle of a single parent , " said Theodosia , a 40-year old women who voted for Obama in 2012 . "  I remember where I came from , " said Andrea , a 32-year old mother of three who voted for Romney . "  I work hard for everything I have , tangible and intangible , " said Jennifer . Her comment resonated with the women , they nodded as she said it . In North Carolina , most of the mothers recalled very little about Hagan or Tillis . Hagan , they said , was trying to portray Tillis as unstable , while Tillis was trying to cast Hagan as another vote for Obama , the women said . But other than that , not much stuck . In Louisiana , where there was slightly more definition , the women struggled to name all three candidates . The women could remember Landrieu 's positive ad -- including a "  cute " one with her father -- and recalled attacks that "  she does n't even live here any more . " Earlier this year , questions about Landrieu 's residency were raised by a story in the Washington Post that said the senator does n't own her own house in Louisiana and , instead , lives at her home on Capitol Hill in Washington , D.C. . The senator has vehemently denied the charge . "  If she does n't live here , how is she supposed to know what the true problems are , " said one woman . "  How is she supposed to know ? " But that is really where the recollections ended . What did universally stick , however , was that all the campaigning has been negative . "  All I get from all of those -LSB- ads -RSB- is do n't vote for that person , because they are a bad person , vote for me , " said one woman in North Carolina . When asked what the Landrieu campaign wanted voters to think about Cassidy , one woman in New Orleans put it this way : "  That he is the devil . " The reason they feel disconnected , according to women in both North Carolina and Louisiana , is that the people who represent them in Washington are of little concern to them because those politicians could never fathom their daily struggle . The women told stories about struggling to pay for their children 's education , their health care and their groceries . They talked about dealing with their spouse 's job loss or trying to make ends meet with little . They also became animated when talking about the upcoming holidays and how they plan to save money to provide all they can or their kids . And when reflecting on all of this , the women said the same thing : The politicians asking for my vote do n't get all of this . "  Moms say politicians ` do n't get it ' and need to ` walk in my shoes , ' " read a memo about the conversation from Neil Newhouse and Margie Omero , two pollsters who helped organize the group . "  This is a perennial Walmart mom complaint that frankly only gets louder with each conversation . " This sentiment was encapsulated by Jennifer , the woman from North Carolina who said she struggled for everything she has . "  Once they go home to the farm , it is n't a dirty farm , " she said of when lawmakers leave North Carolina and go to Washington . When they come home , she said , their farm "  is a clean farm ... with a tractor that would make John Deere faint . "	Two focus groups were conducted using women ages 29-54 , a crucial demographic A common theme in both groups : Their Washington representatives do n't understand their struggle Most participants could n't recall much of the political advertising aimed at them Neil Newhouse and Margie Omero are two pollsters who helped organize the group
Lionel Messi missed a penalty as Brazil defeated Argentina 2-0 in the Superclasico de Las Americas friendly fixture in Beijing Saturday . Goals either side of half-time from Diego Tardelli were enough to ensure Brazil trumped its great South American rival for the first time since 2012 . A mix up in the Argentina defense enabled Atletico Miniero midfielder Tardelli to carefully place a volley beyond Argentina keeper Sergio Romero after 28 minutes . Messi then had the chance to draw la Albiceleste level after Angel Di Maria was brought down in the box just before half time . But the Barcelona star 's tame penalty was easily saved by Jefferson in the Brazil goal . An unmarked Tardelli put Brazil out of sight when he took advantage of yet more poor Argentina defending to nod in an Oscar corner after 64 minutes . While not a competitive fixture , the result marks Brazil 's third consecutive win since its disastrous exit at the hands of Germany at the 2014 World Cup . A Selecao has made wholesale changes to its football operation since that 7-1 semi-final humiliation in July . Former midfield star and manager at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , Dunga , has replaced Luiz Felipe Scolari in the dugout while players such as Kaka and Robinho have been recalled to the squad after missing out on the World Cup . Suarez makes international return Luis Suarez returned to international football for the first time since biting Italy 's Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup in Brazil earlier this year and set up Uruguay 's only goal in a 1-1 friendly draw against Saudi Arabia Friday . The Barcelona striker was initially banned from all football activity for four months and nine international matches . But an appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport saw the initial punishment altered to nine competitive internationals and allowed the 27-year-old to train with his teammates and take part in friendlies . Suarez 's 47th minute strike rebounded off the post before being turned in to his own goal by Saudi defender Hassan Muath Fallatah . Substitute Naif Hazazi equalized for Saudi Arabia in the closing minutes to deny Uruguay victory .	Brazil defeat Argentina 2-0 in Beijing friendly Diego Tardelli scores twice to give a Selecao victory Lionel Messi misses penalty just before half time
London , England  CNN  -- Speculation was intense Friday over where and when Prince William will marry Kate Middleton , with many predicting the couple will choose the iconic , thousand-year-old Westminster Abbey . Middleton was photographed leaving the abbey Wednesday night with her parents , and British newspapers reported they had a private after-hours tour . Westminster Abbey is the "  venue of choice " for the wedding , the Daily Mirror tabloid reported Friday , and it even published a seating plan for the big day . Ladbrokes betting agents seemed certain Friday that Westminster Abbey would be chosen , giving it 1/33 odds . A CNN/ComRes poll out Friday found the British public largely positive about the engagement , which was announced Tuesday , a few weeks after William proposed . Nearly eight in 10 of those surveyed -- 79 percent -- said they believe the engagement will be good for the monarchy . Opinion was split , however , on who should succeed Queen Elizabeth -- whether Charles , who is next in line , or William -- though more respondents said William and Middleton would make a better king and queen than Charles and his wife , Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall . In general , older people and those in higher income groups were more likely to take a traditional line and be more favorable toward Charles and Camilla , compared to those who are younger or in poorer income groups , according to the poll , which surveyed 2,015 adults in Britain between Wednesday and Friday . Westminster Abbey was founded in 960 , with the present Gothic church dating to 1245 . Since 1066 , it has been the "  coronation church " -- the place where kings and queens are crowned when they ascend to the throne . Its close ties to the monarchy mean it has also been the site of many royal weddings and funerals . Queen Elizabeth II married Prince Philip there in 1947 , when she was still a princess ; her father , King George VI , got married there in 1923 . The funeral service for Princess Diana , William 's mother , took place there in 1997 . Another possible venue is St. Paul 's Cathedral , where Diana married Prince Charles in 1981 in a wedding watched by millions worldwide . Ladbrokes gave that option 10/1 odds , and 16/1 odds for St. George 's Chapel at Windsor Castle . Others have also suggested as possible venues the London church of St. Clement Danes , the central church of the Royal Air Force , in which Prince William serves -- or the Chapel of St. Salvator at the University of St. Andrews , where the prince and Middleton met as students . The palace has said the wedding will take place in the spring or summer of 2011 . The most likely month for the nuptials , according to Ladbrokes , was May , followed in order by July , June , then August . British Prime Minister David Cameron wants a national holiday for the day of the wedding , his office at Downing Street said Friday , though the government must approve that first .	NEW : Poll shows British are largely positive about the wedding Many predict the venue will be Westminster Abbey One newspaper publishes a seating plan The church has had ties to the monarchy for 1,000 years
CNN  -- As noted philosopher Vincent Vega said in "  Pulp Fiction , " the French may not know what a Quarter Pounder is . But McDonald 's customers in Paris can now pay for a Royale with Cheese using their smartphones or tablets -- a concept that could spread to the company 's 33,500 locations worldwide if the fast-food leader likes the results . Customers at 30 locations in France are now able to order their meals using the McDonald 's mobile app , pay for it via PayPal , then join a separate line to pick up their food , according to a Reuters report . The trial is part of a rapidly growing consumer-service trend of skipping cash , and even credit cards , in favor of a quick tap from a mobile phone . Major retailers from Target to Best Buy to 7-Eleven have teamed up to create the Merchant Customer Exchange . The group is developing a mobile app that would allow customers to pay for goods at participating stores ' registers with their smartphones . The app will also give users exclusive coupons and deals . Square , a mobile app and phone attachment created by one of the founders of Twitter , is gaining traction as a tool for small businesses to accept credit-card payments and this month signed a deal with Starbucks for the coffee behemoth to begin accepting payments through the app . And Google Wallet aims to be no less than a single tool that turns your phone into your wallet , driver 's license and house key . PayPal , long a leader in Web transactions , is fighting to stay in the forefront of the mobile-payment game . In addition to the McDonald 's deal , PayPal has signed up with such retailers as Home Depot . McDonald 's showcased an even more in-depth mobile payment app earlier this year at a conference in Orlando , Reuters reports .	McDonald 's is testing a mobile-payment app in France Customers can pay via PayPal and pick up the food at a special line The system could spread to the chain 's 33,500 restaurants The move is part of a growing cashless mobile-payment trend
CNN  -- Usain Bolt completed his hat-trick of sprint titles at the World Athletics Championships in Berlin as he helped the all-conquering Jamaican side power to victory in the men 's 4x100m relay final . Bolt  second right  celebrates his third gold medal after helping Jamaica to victory in the 4x100m relay . Bolt ran the third leg , handing off to individual bronze medallist Asafa Powell , as Olympic champions Jamaica took gold in a new championship record of 37.31 seconds . Jamaica had rested Bolt and Powell in the heats and were always red-hot favorites to win . "  I was n't really thinking about getting three gold medals because I could be in better shape , " Bolt , who broke his own world records in the 100 and 200m with times of 9.58 and 19.19 respectively , told trackside reporters . Trinidad , who chased Jamaica home in Beijing last year , again took silver with Great Britain claiming the bronze medal . The United States were disqualified on Friday for an illegal baton change despite winning their semifinal . Jamiaca 's victory , their seventh gold medal of the games , ensured the nation won both sprint relays after their women claimed gold in the women 's 4x100m relay earlier on Saturday . Individual 100m champion Shelly-Ann Fraser led the team to victory in a time of 42.06 seconds to take gold ahead of the Bahamas , while Germany pulled off a surprise to claim third place . Defending champions the United States failed to reach the final when Muna Lee struggled to get hold of the baton on the second handover from Alexandria Anderson and stumbled before pulling up with a hamstring injury . The U.S. relay performances in Berlin 's have been a carbon copy of last year 's Olympics where neither team reached the final or finished their heat . Elsewhere , Kenya 's Abel Kirui comfortably won the men 's marathon with a well-timed break in the last four miles of the race . Kirui produced a sustained burst to pull clear of team-mate Emmanuel Mutai and win gold in a championship record time of two hours six minutes and 54 seconds . Mutai finished 54 seconds behind in second position while Ethiopia 's Olympic bronze medallist Tsegaye Kebede again took third place . Kenya were celebrating again when Vivian Cheruiyot outsprinted defending champion Meseret Defar of Ethiopia to win the women 's 5,000 meters . Cheruiyot , a Sydney Olympic Games finalist at 16 , who won silver in the last worlds in Osaka in 2007 , had led for much of the race but was overtaken by Defar with 150 metres to go to the finish . It looked like Defar would be celebrating an Ethiopian gold in the absence of injured team-mate and Olympic champion Tirunesh Dibaba , but Cheruiyot produced a stunning fightback to cross first in 14 minutes 57.98 seconds . As Defar eased off in the knowledge that she had been beaten , Cheruiyot 's compatriot Sylvia Kibet stole in for silver in 14:58.33 , for the second one-two podium finish for Kenya following the men 's marathon . The result was a blow to Ethiopia , for whom Olympic champion and world recorder holder Dibaba was injured but would have been pre-race favorite if fit . In the field events , Olympic champion Steven Hooker of Australia added the men 's pole vault title to his Beijing crown by clearing 5.90 meters . The 27-year-old , whose personal best of 6.06 m makes him the second highest vaulter in history , showed his confidence by sitting out the early rounds and only came in at 5.85 m which he failed to clear . But he opted to raise the bar and nailed 5.90 m at his first attempt which was enough to give him the gold medal with Frenchmen Romain Mesnil and Renaud Lavillenie claiming silver and bronze . American Dwight Phillips regained his men 's long jump title to fulfill his dream of winning in the same stadium and same event where Jesse Owens triumphed at the 1936 Olympic Games . The 31-year-old , the 2004 Olympic champion and 2003 and 2005 world champion , won gold with 8.54 meters to beat South Africa 's Olympic silver medalist Godfrey Mokoena  8.47 m  while Australia 's Mitchell Watt took bronze  8.37 m  . Poland 's Anita Wlodarczyk won the women 's hammer with a new world record throw of 77.96 meters . The 24-year-old beat defending champion Betty Heidler of Germany , who took silver with a national record of 77.12 m , while Martina Hrasnova of Slovakia won the bronze with a throw of 74.79 m.	Usain Bolt completes his hat-trick of gold medals at the World Championships Bolt helps Olympic champions Jamaica to victory in men 's 4x100m relay final It was Jamaica 's seventh gold after the women also claimed sprint relay victory
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- South Sudan 's government has gained control of a remote town that had been under attack by fighters from a rival tribe , the nation 's information minister said Monday . Some of the thousands who fled into the bush have begun to return to Pibor , said Barnaba Benjamin , South Sudan 's minister of information and broadcasting . Earlier Monday , a military official said that roughly 4,000 army and police reinforcements were on the way to Pibor after weekend attacks . The United Nations also said it sent a battalion of peacekeepers to Pibor last week amid reports that members of the Lou Nuer tribe were marching toward the town , home to the Murle tribe , after attacking the village of Lukangol . Ethnic tensions in the South Sudan state of Jonglei have flared as tribes fight over grazing lands and water rights , disagreements that have dissolved into cattle raids and abduction of women and children . Fighters first struck Pibor on Saturday , attacking a portion that was out of the reach of U.N. peacekeepers , said Col. Philip Auger of the South Sudan army . Benjamin said there were no casualties and no direct confrontation between the two tribes there , because most of the Murle had fled when they heard the Lou Nuer were approaching . The nonprofit group Medecins sans Frontieres , also known as Doctors Without Borders , was still trying Monday to reach 117 of its 130 aid workers who fled into the bush along with the populations of Pibor and Lukangol before the attack , said Sarathy Rajendran , head of the group 's South Sudan mission . Rajendran said the organization was afraid for its workers ' safety and "  very concerned " for the people of Pibor and Lukangol . "  We believe tens of thousands are currently displaced without access to water , food and health care , " he said . "  The situation is tense . We do n't know what is happening on the ground , so we are monitoring the situation . " The nonprofit 's clinic in Lukangol was "  burned and looted , " spokeswoman Emily Linendoll said , adding that its Pibor clinic "  has been targeted . " The attack on Pibor follows reports last week that Lou Nuer fighters raided Lukangol , burning it to the ground and forcing thousands to flee toward Pibor . At least 50,000 people have fled the violence in the state that began last year , said Quade Hermann , chief of radio at Radio Miraya , a U.N.-backed radio station in South Sudan . She similarly said that the town of Pibor is secure now , though the situation there remains fluid . The people who fled remain scattered , and the United Nations is working on a plan for how to distribute humanitarian aid , Hermann said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon last week urged the groups to work with the government of South Sudan to find solutions . South Sudan 's vice president , Riek Machar , is leading an initiative to bridge the differences between the Lou Nuer and Murle tribes , including encouraging the armed groups to disband and go home , the United Nations has said . The violence in Jonglei state is the latest to rock South Sudan , which officially gained its statehood in July after separating from the north .	NEW : At least 50,000 people are said to have fled from the violence in Jonglei Information minister : Some of the thousands who fled have started to return to Pibor Earlier , an official said roughly 4,000 reinforcements were being sent to Pibor The town had been under attack by fighters from a rival tribe
Mohsen Makhmalbaf , one of Iran 's most high-profile film directors , has been on the move for six and a half years . He left Iran in 2005 to avoid restrictions on his film-making and has since moved to Afghanistan , Tajikstan , India , Paris and finally London . Makhmalbaf 's films include the 2001 film "  Kandahar , " which won an award at the Cannes Film Festival and was listed by Time magazine as one of the 100 best movies ever . He has won more than a dozen international awards for his films . He said he left Afghanistan because of an attempt on his life by the Iranian government and has since received threats in other cities . "  I moved from Iran about six and a half years ago to make more films because at that time the Iranian government does n't let me make more films in Iran . "  I went to Afghanistan with my family we made some films there . Then the Iranian government sent a terrorist group to make an explosion bomb there , one of our group was killed and more than 20 injured . "  We moved from Afghanistan , to Tajikistan , India , then Paris , then London like refugees , like nomads to try to save our lives and try to make more films . " Leaving his country , Makhmalbaf said , was the price for continuing to make films , but it was a decision he did not take lightly . He said : "  When we are out of our country somehow we become a little depressed , we lose our root in our culture but we will find something more . We could see our nation from outside from different angles . "  Being out of Iran , out of the Middle East , is not easy for me really because I belong to that part of the earth . But how can we do it when in Iran we should  would  be in prison , they will torture us , when we are even in Afghanistan they try to kill us ? They did n't let us make more films , they censored all the books that I wrote , so we come out to do something . " Makhmalbaf was jailed at the age of 17 for his political activism . At the time , Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , the Shah of Iran , was in power . He went into exile in 1979 and Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini was instated as the Supreme Leader of Iran , which soon after was renamed the Islamic Republic of Iran . "  When I was 17 I was against the Iranian regime because he  it  was a dictator  ship  , " he said . "  I was ready to die for my country ; for freedom . Still I am in the same mood but in a different age and in a different way . In that time I tried to have a gun to kill the king  Shah  , but when the revolution happened the situation became worse than it was before . "  I try to use my art , my cinema like a mirror , to put it in front of society to show people to themselves to correct them . Dictatorship has a root in our culture , in our religion , in our history . " Film-making is a family business . Makhmalbaf 's wife Marziyeh , son Maysem and daughters Hana and Samira are also respected names in the industry and together they run Makhmalbaf Film House . Samira 's film "  Blackboards " won the Cannes Jury Prize , while Hana had to flee Iran while shooting her film "  Green Days " amid protests during the Iranian elections two years ago . Makhmalbaf , 54 , said it was not his idea for his children to follow in his footsteps . "  I have n't encouraged them , " he said . "  They love cinema . They were searching for meaning for their life . They were asking me : If we go to ordinary school , if we follow the same level that everybody has , it has no meaning for us . " Hana said of conventional education in Iran : "  They were talking to me about how to wear a scarf and if my hand shows up I will go to the hell , and everything about religion . "  But in my father 's school they were talking about art , about cinema . I loved the things that my father was teaching . " Makhmalbaf said he has been in contact with fellow Iranian film director Jafaar Panahi , winner of the "  Golden Lion " prize at the Venice Film Festival for his 2000 film "  Dayareh " or "  Circle , " who was jailed for six years in 2010 . Amnesty International said Panahi also received a 20-year ban on all his artistic activities , including film-making , writing scripts , traveling abroad and speaking with media . Makhmalbaf said : "  The government is going to put him for six years in prison to announce to the other artists look at Jafaar : ` If you are famous like Jafaar we put you under pressure . ' It is an example for  the  Iranian government . " He added that many artists were put under pressure or jailed in Iran . "  Most of them could not work there , but say , ` If I come out I would become depressed , I would become homesick , I do n't want to leave  the  country even if I could n't work in the country , " said Makhmalbaf . Despite the difficulties he is optimistic for the future of his country . He said : "  This generation are more educated than my generation . The have access to the internet , to media . They have  a  connection with other young generation of the world , through Facebook or something else . "  I think they know what they want . Only I ask them continue , do n't stop , do n't be afraid . Success is very close to us , sometimes you need to open the door and you have your freedom . "	Makhmalbaf has won more than a dozen awards for his films He left Iran in 2005 to gain freedom for his film-making Since leaving Iran , he has lived in Afghanistan , Tajikstan , India , Paris and London
CNN  As the seventh full week of testimony in the first-degree murder trial against former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez came to a close this week , witnesses described him as acting strangely and glaring at the victim two nights before the killing . Hernandez is on trial in Fall River , Massachusetts , in connection with the shooting death of Odin Lloyd , a semi-pro football player who was found dead June 17 , 2013 . The former tight end had signed a five-year contract extension worth $ 40 million but , less than a year later , Hernandez was charged with the murder of the man who was dating the sister of his fiancée . Hours after his arrest on June 26 , 2013 , the Patriots dropped him from the team . Two of Hernandez 's closest associates are co-defendants in the case . Evidence collected in Lloyd 's death led to two more murder charges against Hernandez in a separate case in Boston . He is accused of shooting Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado in July 2012 , allegedly over a spilled drink . Two witnesses who saw Hernandez at the Boston nightclub Rumor just 48 hours before Lloyd 's killing said he looked angry and aggressive . Lloyd was with Hernandez at the club that Friday night . On Thursday , prosecutors called witness No. 100 : Kasey Arma , a nightclub promoter . She told jurors she danced with Aaron Hernandez at the club in the early morning of June 15 , 2013 . Hernandez approached her . "  He walked by me and he tapped my hip . " Arma testified that she danced with Hernandez for about 10 minutes . "  He was pleasant and kind of charming , " she said . Then he left abruptly . When he returned about 10 minutes later , Arma said , Hernandez grabbed her arm and took her to another part of the club . His demeanor changed . He was "  very aggressive , " she testified . Then , she said , he asked her "  to show what I could do with that thing , " referring to her backside . "  He was irritated and very aggressive , " she told the jury . During cross-examination , defense attorney Michael Fee showed surveillance video of Arma dancing with Hernandez . There was bumping and grinding , mostly with her backside to him . It was uncomfortable to watch in court . Jurors watched the video with laser focus . Fee asked Arma , "  What kind of dance is that called ? " Arma said she did n't know . Some of the female jurors appeared to chuckle softly . Earlier in the week , witness Kwami Nicholas testified that he also saw Hernandez at Rumor and the ex-player "  seemed like he was angry about something . " Hernandez 's mouth looked like a "  grunt , " he said . Nicholas , a college student , was at the club with friends -- some of whom were friends with Lloyd . When Lloyd was talking closely with one of his friends , Hernandez looked angry , according to Nicholas . Hernandez was standing near the DJ at the time , about 15 feet away from Lloyd and his friend . Nicholas said Hernandez glared at them for a few minutes . During tough questioning from Fee , Nicholas stood his ground . The defense showed jurors Nicholas ' initial recorded interview with detectives in which he gave a different description of what he saw and was less critical of Hernandez . Nicholas also remembered Hernandez "  storming out of the club . " "  He looked angry , " Nicholas told the jury . As Hernandez walked down the street , "  he motioned back with his arms as if to say get away from me . " Prosecutors played surveillance video backing up Nicholas ' description . During that video , Lloyd is also seen following Hernandez at a distance . Though prosecutors are trying to establish that Hernandez was angry , jurors still do n't know why . Shayanna Jenkins , Hernandez 's fiancée and mother of his baby daughter , was not in court to see the dirty-dancing video . She has n't been seen in court since March 6 . But Jenkins ' name did come up in court regarding a defense motion to suppress evidence gathered from Hernandez 's house in November 2014 . Jurors were not present for that debate . The prosecution showed before-and-after photos of a closet in Hernandez 's home in North Attleboro . One photo from June 2013 showed the sneakers Hernandez wore the night Lloyd was killed . It also showed the shoes Hernandez associate Carlos Ortiz wore the same night . The two pairs of shoes rested on top of a bunch of other shoes . In the second photo , taken in November 2014 , the same closet is seen with all of the shoes except the ones Hernandez and Ortiz were wearing the night of the shooting . They were no longer in the closet or any other part of the house . Prosecutors wanted to link Jenkins to the disappearance of the shoes . McCauley referred to the defendant 's jailhouse comments that "  she does what I want , " referring to Jenkins . McCauley also told the judge that Hernandez "  was directing her  Jenkins  to give money to Tanya Singleton at the time where he had just recently told her not to talk . " He added , "  We know she did n't talk and then was held in contempt . " Tanya Singleton is Hernandez 's cousin . Court observers wonder when Jenkins will be back . The last time Jenkins was in court , a reporter noticed she was no longer wearing her engagement ring . However , Jenkins is facing perjury charges for allegedly lying to investigators and has been granted immunity to testify at the trial . Will testimony about Hernandez 's liaisons with other women -- and negative texts about Jenkins -- affect her testimony ? Does her absence mean she 'll turn on her fiance ? The answers may be a few weeks away . There are indications the Commonwealth may wrap up its case by mid-April , Much testimony focused on the shoes Hernandez wore the night Lloyd was shot . A Nike consultant testified that Hernandez was wearing Nike Air Jordan Retro 11 Lows in a size 13 . About 93,000 pairs of that shoe were made , significantly fewer in a size 13 . The shoe 's sole makes a distinct impression , according to Lt. Steven Bennett of the Massachusetts State Police . The consultant testified under questioning from defense attorney Jamie Sultan that other Nike shoes -- more than 3 million -- make the same impression Yet Bennett , who works in crime scene services , testified that the footwear impression left near Lloyd 's body was "  in agreement " or consistent with the Air Jordan Retro 11 Lows size 13 . Although he did not have the shoes that Hernandez wore that night , he an identical pair to make his determination . Bennett did so by creating a transparency of the sole and laying it over a photo of the footwear impression . Jurors watched as he drew lines showing how the sole aligned with the impression . What may have been a key moment for the prosecution was quickly derailed by defense attorney Jamie Sultan . Sultan questioned the science behind analyzing foot impressions , and he introduced a March 2014 report from Bennett saying the partial footwear impression lacked certain detail and quality to make a comparison . Sultan hammered Bennett on that report . Bennett admitted that his reexamination helped the prosecution . McCauley was able to undo some of the damage , allowing Bennett to explain that it was only after gaining access to Air Jordan Retro 11s in December 2014 that he was able to make a comparison . He testified that what he thought was a lack of distinction were actually gaps in the design of the sole . It 's clear from the testimony and the filing for a search warrant in November 2014 that investigators overlooked the shoes worn by Hernandez , Ortiz and Ernest Wallace -- another co-defendant -- the night of Lloyd 's death , despite having a photo of them from June 2013 . Seventeen months into the investigation , they searched Hernandez 's house again . None of the shoes were found . The prosecution brought in three separate witnesses who either owned or worked for companies in the industrial park along John Dietsch Boulevard where Lloyd 's body was found . With these witnesses and collected surveillance videos , prosecutors gave jurors a road map of the route they say Hernandez drove to the Corliss Landing crime scene . While the car 's make and model are n't distinguishable in the video , jurors could see its lights go by at specific times that match when Hernandez , Wallace , Ortiz and Lloyd would have been in the car . Tanya Singleton arranged for her aunt to drive her and Wallace to Georgia in the days after Lloyd 's death . Testifying for the prosecution , Euna Ritchon said Singleton asked her on June 21 , 2013 , to move up her planned trip to visit her daughter in Georgia . She brought Wallace with her . At the time , Singleton was married to Ritchon 's nephew , TL Singleton . He died in a car crash a little more than a week later . Ritchon also testified that Wallace suggested using back roads to drive out of Connecticut and through New York to avoid tolls . She said Wallace carried his clothes in a black trash bag . Prosecutors were attempting to get jurors to link it to the black trash bag Shayanna Jenkins removed from her house just a few days earlier . Prosecutors say that bag held the gun used to kill Lloyd . After spending the night at the home of Ritchon 's daughter , Wallace boarded a bus to Florida . That 's where he surrendered to police . Wallace has pleaded not guilty to the charge of an accessory after the fact of a slaying in Lloyd 's death .	Aaron Hernandez on trial for the 2013 death of Odin Lloyd Jurors hear of defendant 's demeanor at club
CNN  -- The old deal made rough sense . The United States would provide only a very thin social-insurance cushion for people of working age , but jobs would always be available . Critics might deride the jobs as McJobs : often poorly paid , often offering scanty benefits . But better McJobs than No Jobs . To anyone who proposed tighter job protections or more generous social benefits workers came the crushing answer , "  Do you want us to be like Europe ? " While American generated tens of millions of low-wage service jobs , the economies of Europe struggled hard not to lose jobs , even during good times . The tradeoff was patiently explained by free-market economists and is by now familiar to us all . More job rules mean less jobs ; fewer rules will bring more jobs . And for a quarter-century , from 1982 until 2007 , the old deal held true . Wages did n't rise much , but demand for nurses ' aides , fast food servers and other low-wage service workers surged and surged -- so much that for the first time since 1913 , the United States again found itself welcoming a mass immigration of poor people , arriving legally and illegally from Guadalajara and Guangzhou , eager to accept America 's abundant $ 9-an-hour jobs . Then , suddenly , the old deal broke down . It broke down as abruptly , as utterly and as seemingly irretrievably as a previous old deal broke in 1929 . Mass and long-term joblessness characterize the U.S. economy of 2014 as surely as plentiful low-wage jobs characterized the U.S. economy of 15 years ago . Look at the output statistics , and the United States has recovered from the crisis of 2008 . Look at the job numbers , and it seems the United States never will . What are Americans to think of and do about their new economic dispensation ? One answer is to deny that the dispensation is new at all . Republicans in Congress are working to repeal the emergency job benefits put in place in 2009 , on the familiar theory that if we quit paying the unemployed , they 'll stop being unemployed . Extended unemployment insurance coverage lapsed on Saturday ; 1.3 million long-term jobless lost benefits that day , and those still receiving benefits will lose them if they remain without work for longer than 26 weeks . Food stamp coverage has been cut once and will probably be cut again in 2014 . Proposals to raise the minimum wage gain no hearing in the Republican-majority House of Representatives , whose members condemn such proposals as job-killers . Yet these familiar arguments bump into an unfamiliar situation . Almost six years after the economic collapse of 2008 , the ratio of job seekers to unfilled positions -- which peaked at 5.5 to 1 -- has declined to 2.9 to 1 , a ratio that would until now have indicated severe recession . The huge backlog of unemployed workers exerts downward pressure on the wages of those still working . The old employment deal seems a formula for a massive write-off of the great majority of working Americans lacking specialized skills . On the other hand , nobody seems to offer any credible new deal . Some cities and towns are experimenting with higher minimum wages . That may put money in the pockets of some workers at Wal-Mart and Starbucks . But people who ca n't find work at $ 9 wo n't find it easier to find work if their price is raised to $ 12 . In a major economic address delivered in Osawatomie , Kansas , in 2011 , President Obama speculated that more public-sector hiring might do the trick . But how many people can government employ ? And how sustainable is it for government to raise its payroll at exactly the same time as it is also shouldering the rising costs of Medicare and Social Security for retiring baby boomers ? These are questions that will dominate American politics for years to come . As the European experience of the 1990s sadly reminds us , mass prolonged unemployment is not a problem that recedes rapidly in a peacetime economy . People who have been out of work would find it hard to return to work even in a strong job market -- and this job market remains desperately weak . What we can at least do is refrain from further penalizing people whose problems nobody knows how to fix . People who ca n't work still must eat . Americans in distress have a claim on the rest of the nation . Extend unemployment insurance . Sustain food stamps . While we 're looking for a new deal , at least quit deluding ourselves that the old deal is still operable . It 's not . It has passed on , from everywhere except our increasingly outdated memories . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Mass joblessness is n't going away ; wages are falling Frum : U.S. used to provide minimal benefits but lots of jobs , but not now Public-sector hiring is helpful , he says , but how many can government employ or afford ? Frum : Cuts to food stamp and unemployment benefits punish jobless when no jobs exist
Bannu , Pakistan  CNN  -- The road to Bannu city in the northwest of Pakistan is a journey through the elements . Harsh wind and rain make way for bursts of sunshine in June , a month of typically oppressive heat when illnesses such as diarrhea and typhoid are common , alongside the ever-looming specter of polio . It is in this stifling heat that hundreds of thousands of men , women and children are fleeing their homes in North Waziristan , which borders Afghanistan , to Bannu and other neighboring regions . The mass exodus began after the Pakistani army launched a full scale offensive against militants on June 15 called Zarb e Azb , or "  The Strike of The Prophet 's Sword . " While the Pakistan army has been releasing a daily stream of information regarding the operation , it has come under severe criticism for failing to notify the residents of North Waziristan of an impending operation . A curfew in North Waziristan crippled the movement of individuals in the region . Military sources told CNN on condition of anonymity that the curfew had been imposed to prevent militants from fleeing , however what resulted was utter chaos for local residents . "  We waited for the signal to leave while taking shelter under trees , " Javed Wazir , a local from the North Waziristan town of MirAli tells CNN in anguish . "  The bazaar was under fire from mortar shells and our women and children were crying in despair . " Exodus from Pakistan 's troubled north presents risks , opportunities Mass exodus On June 18 , three days after the operation officially started in North Waziristan , the army finally lifted the curfew allowing movement out of the area . What started as a mass exodus of the region 's population has fast accelerated into a humanitarian crisis . According to Arshad Khan , the director of the FATA Disaster Management Authority , the number of people who have fled the military operation has now reached almost half a million , with 455,000 people scattered across various parts of Northern Pakistan . In a sports complex in the heart of Bannu city , a dust storm is creating havoc at the city 's largest food distribution point for those seeking shelter . Until Tuesday it was the only food distribution point for the thousands of needy people in Bannu and its surrounding regions , and was the scene of protests airing the frustration they have experienced over the past two weeks . Wednesday saw hundreds of men , young and old , queue up outside on the streets , shielding their eyes from the grit , waiting to receive their ration of fortified wheat , iodized salt , pulses and cooking oil . A significant army presence is overseeing the distribution that has been organized by the World Food Program . Sacks of wheat are heaped in mounds in the center of the stadium and a strong hot wind is blowing cardboard cartons into the air . An old woman in a tattered burqa , clutching a wisp of paper bearing her registration number , waits for her turn to collect food . "  Three of my grandchildren died after a bomb fell on our house in the Haider khel village of North Waziristan " she says . "  They were five , six and seven years old , " she whispers . "  That 's when we fled . " Request for more supplies The number of families arriving has exceeded the number estimated by the WFP . According to Lola Castro , the WFP 's director in Pakistan , a contingency plan had been updated to deal with a military operation in North Waziristan . However , she says Pakistani authorities only officially approached the WFP for help on June 20 , five days after the strikes began . WFP had expected the families to be an average size of six but , according to Castro , families fleeing out of North Waziristan are made up of 14 people . This has lead to rations being distributed on a biweekly basis instead of the usual monthly schedule . "  We are requesting donors to provide more supplies but the situation is currently under control , " Castro tells CNN . Malik Akbar Khan , a tribal leader and an IDP , has been volunteering at the food distribution point ever since he arrived in Bannu last week . As IDPs wheelbarrow their supplies out of the complex , he sighs and says that it is the ordinary people of North Waziristan who have had to bear the biggest brunt of the tussle between the army and the Pakistani Taliban . As the sun sets on another day of dust and desperation , he quotes the oft-repeated phrase addressing the conflict in Pakistan 's northern regions . "  The army are the angels and the Taliban call themselves the companions of the holy prophet , " he says . "  Perhaps we 're the only infidels in this chaos , who suffer the most in this living hell while the other two claim that they 're bound for paradise . " ` That place is like fire ' There is one refuge for the hordes of people who have spilt out of North Waziristan . The army , along with funding from FDMA and the National Disaster Management Authority  NDMA  , has set up a camp in Baka Khel , Bannu district . In the searing June heat , it sits a mere 15 kilometers  9.3 miles  from the Saigai check post , the final exit for villagers leaving North Waziristan and entering Bannu district . According to military sources , the camp became operational on June 16 , a day after the military operation began . It has , however , come under severe criticism by the very people it was built to help . Many are instead choosing to stay with relatives or rent homes in cities such as Bannu , Peshawar and Dera Ismail Khan . "  When the curfew was eased we reached Bannu after a two-day journey on foot , yet we would never stay at that camp . That place is like fire , it 's like fire , I would never take my family to that land of flaming heat , " Loi Khan from the village of Boya in North Waziristan tells CNN as he stands in line to get food in Bannu . But a visit to the camp paints a different picture . Temperatures may be rising to as high as 47 degrees centigrade but efforts are underway to create what military guides to the camp call "  a model village . " There is electricity , plumbing , fancy fans that spray mist and visiting doctors . Polio workers administer vaccines to every man , woman and child entering the camp to prevent any outbreak . Yet the place is a ghost town . According to military sources only 28 families have chosen to live at the camp , a fraction of those who have left North Waziristan . It remains empty for the time being but with the month of Ramadan fast approaching and the operation not looking to end anytime soon , military officials overseeing the camp expect it to be operational and fully populated for at least two months . 450,000 displaced as Pakistan attacks militants Saleem Mehsud contributed to this report .	Hundreds queue in stifling heat for food after fleeing North Waziristan Families fled after Pakistani military launched offensive against militants Government has been criticized for imposing curfew , not warning locals to leave Strong army presence overseeing crowded World Food Program distribution points
CNN  -- A former Rutgers University student accused of spying on and intimidating his gay roommate by use of a hidden webcam was found guilty Friday of all counts -- including invasion of privacy and the more severe charges of bias intimidation -- in a case that thrust cyberbullying into the national spotlight . Dharun Ravi , 20 , was also found guilty of witness tampering , hindering apprehension and tampering with physical evidence , and could now face up to 10 years in jail and deportation to his native India . Sentencing has been set for May 21 . The New Jersey jury was confronted with a series of questions on each charge after it asked for clarification on what constituted bias intimidation . Though it found Ravi not guilty on several questions within the verdict sheet , because he was found guilty on at least one question on each main count , Ravi was convicted on all charges and could now face the maximum penalty . His roommate , Tyler Clementi , an 18-year-old freshman , killed himself in September 2010 by jumping off the George Washington Bridge and into the Hudson River after learning that Ravi had secretly spied on his sexual encounter with another man . CNN legal analyst Paul Callan called Friday 's verdict "  unprecedented , " adding that it "  sends a message to people across the rest of the country " about the potential consequences of unauthorized webcam use in an age of expanding social media . "  New Jersey enacted a law that said if you secretly record  someone engaged in an intimate act  with a webcam or any other kind of video and you broadcast that without their permission , that is a crime , " Callan said . "  Every place else in America up until this law was enacted , you could sue somebody for civil damages for the embarrassment , but you were n't going to go to jail . New Jersey said it 's criminal . " And because prosecutors were able to prove that Ravi 's actions were born of a gay bias , the possible sentence doubles from up to five years to 10 years behind bars . Clementi 's death stirred discussion about bullying , with President Barack Obama releasing a videotaped message condemning it . A few months later , New Jersey legislators enacted stricter laws to protect against bullying in schools . "  This haunting and awful case shows how much society has changed , " said CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin of Friday 's verdict . "  Even though he was not charged directly in connection with Clementi 's suicide , that tragedy hung over the trial and undoubtedly played a major part in every aspect of the case . " After the verdict , Rutgers University released a statement saying , "  This sad incident should make us all pause to recognize the importance of civility and mutual respect in the way we live , work and communicate with others . " Prosecutors had argued that Ravi , who sat expressionless in the courtroom Friday , had tried to embarrass Clementi because he was gay and that his actions were motivated by a desire to intimidate the Ridgewood , New Jersey , native expressly because of his sexual orientation . "  These acts were purposeful , they were intentional , and they were planned , " prosecutor Julia L. McClure told the jury on the first day of the trial . Ravi "  was bothered by Tyler Clementi 's sexual orientation , " she later said more bluntly . Ravi 's attorneys countered by saying their client acted thoughtlessly , portraying him as an immature college student who made a mistake , and that his actions were not based on homophobia . "  He has n't lived long enough to have any experience with homosexuality or gays , " attorney Steven Altman said in closing arguments earlier this week . "  He does n't know anything about it . He just graduated high school . " After the verdict Friday , Altman said he would "  prepare some type of press release " next week , but vowed to appeal the ruling . "  Right now I am just dealing with the emotions that everyone involved with the Ravi family and the defense experienced and continue to experience with the verdict , " he said . Though Ravi and Molly Wei -- a fellow student who admitted to joining Ravi to watch the surreptitious encounter that others were alerted to via social media -- were charged in the wake of Clementi 's suicide , they were not charged directly with his death . Facing two counts of invasion of privacy , Wei reached a plea deal in May that required her to testify against her friend and former high school classmate as well as to complete a three-year program on cyberbullying and do 300 hours of community service . Ravi turned down a plea deal offered by Middlesex County prosecutors that would have allowed him to avoid jail time in exchange for undergoing counseling , doing 600 hours of community service and disposing of any information that could identify the man who appeared in the Web video with Clementi . Prosecutors also offered to help him avoid deportation , though they said they could not guarantee it . Ravi , who had been studying on a visa at the New Jersey university , did not testify on his own behalf . During the prosecution 's phase of the trial , the man whom Clementi was intimate with , identified only as "  M.B. , " told jurors that he had noticed a Web camera aimed directly at Clementi 's bed . The 32-year-old man testified that he met Clementi on a social-networking site for gay men and that they eventually met three times in the student 's dorm room . The two conversed online , exchanged text messages and eventually had sex , he said . Wei testified that she watched M.B. and Clementi after Ravi had secretly set up the webcam in his and Clementi 's dormitory room . Ravi 's attorney , Altman , has argued his client had initially switched on the webcam to monitor his personal items because he did not trust his roommate 's visitor . In Twitter messages from that day , Ravi wrote that he 'd gone into a friend 's room , "  turned on my webcam " and saw his roommate "  making out with a dude . " Then on September 22 , 2010 , Clementi took a train to New York and posted a mobile status update on his Facebook page that read , "  Jumping off the gw bridge sorry . " Ravi had apparently tried to make amends with his estranged roommate that same night , according to text messages revealed in court . "  I 've known you were gay and I have no problem with it , " Ravi wrote in messages after he apparently learned his roommate had requested a room change . It is not clear whether Clementi ever viewed the messages before committing suicide . InSession 's Jim Kyle contributed to this report .	NEW : Dharun Ravi 's attorney says he will appeal the decision Dharun Ravi , 20 , is found guilty of bias intimidation and invasion of privacy His roommate , Tyler Clementi , killed himself in 2010 after learning of webcam spying Ravi was not charged directly with Clementi 's death
CNN Student News  -- April 24 , 2014 President Obama heads overseas on a week-long , four-nation trip . Today on CNN Student News , find out where he 's going and some of the challenges he 'll be facing . Also included : a historic canonization of two popes , the birthday of America 's 2nd oldest professional sports stadium , and an explanation of how one grocery store is literally raising the bar . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might news coverage of a world leader 's trip differ between media in his or her own country and media in the host countries ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . national sovereignty 2 . canonization 3 . Wrigley Field Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What four countries are scheduled stops for President Obama 's trip to Asia ? According to the video , what kinds of concerns do some of these countries have regarding China ? How did the president respond to the question of disputed islands between Japan and China ? 2 . What is canonization ? What two popes are about to be canonized on the same day ? Why is this historically significant ? According to the report : What are some possible reasons why the current pope will canonize these two former popes on the same day ? How might many Catholics respond to this event ? 3 . What team plays its home games at Wrigley Field ? What milestone birthday is the park celebrating this year ? What are some of the moments of joy and heartbreak that fans have experienced at Wrigley Field ? How is history present almost everywhere at the park ? Who are some of the players and personalities that have been associated with Wrigley Field ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is meant by the term "  national sovereignty " ? Why do you think that this is an important principle for governments ? How is sovereignty factored into some recent news stories ? What tensions surrounding the issue of sovereignty exist in each case ? 2 . Why do you think that presidents often travel to other countries ? What might world leaders discuss on these trips ? Do you think that these trips are effective ? If so , why ? If not , why not ? 3 . How might a sports venue contribute to a community 's history and culture ? How might a sports venue be an important backdrop for one 's personal history ? Have you ever visited a sports arena or park that held special meaning for you ? If so , why is that place a part of your personal story ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Two of Pakistan 's key supporters in the U.S. Congress have acknowledged "  real and serious questions " about Osama bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan , but defend sending money to that country nonetheless . During a Senate hearing Wednesday assessing the limits of U.S policy in Pakistan , Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry , D - Massachusetts , said that although he is "  curious " about whether components of Pakistan 's military or intelligence services were involved in protecting the compound 's infamous resident , the U.S. should not rush to judgment that might ultimately hurt its national security . "  No matter what we learn about the events that preceded the killing of Osama bin Laden , we still have vital national security interests in this region , and we have worked hard to build a partnership with Pakistan , fragile and difficult and challenged as it may be at times , " Kerry said . Committee Ranking Member Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , said that recent events have raised questions about Pakistan 's reliability as an ally , but cautioned that it is "  a strategically vital country with which we must engage . " "  Distancing ourselves from Pakistan would be unwise and extremely dangerous , " Lugar said , because it would weaken U.S. intelligence capabilities , limit America 's ability to prevent conflict between India and Pakistan , and further complicate military operations in Afghanistan . Lugar also pointed out that Pakistan is a nuclear-armed state , has a close working relationship with China , and is a neighbor of Iran , all of which he cited as worthwhile reasons to build stronger relations between Washington and Islamabad . The Enhanced Partnership with Pakistan Act of 2009 , also known as the Kerry-Lugar-Berman Act , authorizes $ 1.5 billion in annual aid to Pakistan through 2013 . Critics question what that money is paying for . "  Pakistan acts very irrational , " committee member Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , said . "  I mean , I leave there almost feeling like I 've had a Rodney Dangerfield moment , you know , whenever I 'm there . " Corker advocated that the United States "  rearrange " its relationship with Pakistan to focus on routing out the remnants of al Qaeda and other terrorist groups inside the country . Hearing witness Moeed Yusuf , South Asia advisor at the U.S. Institute for Peace , said the issue goes beyond war fighting . "  You need strong diplomacy and strong signals sent : We will not tolerate an organization which is linked to al Qaeda , that is killing American soldiers across the border in Afghanistan , that is posing threats to U.S. national security interests in the homeland . We will not allow you to continue to support this organization , " Yusuf said . Other witnesses shared the view that a strategy shift is in order . Samina Ahmed , South Asia project director with the International Crisis Group , said the United States ' certification requirements of the Pakistan partnership should ensure Pakistan takes firm action against violent extremist groups . "  We would advise and very strongly urge Congress to condition military assistance on demonstrable steps to combat violent extremists , that go beyond just al Qaeda , the foreign al Qaeda , but also homegrown jihadis , " Ahmed said . Michael Krepon , co-founder and South Asia senior associate with the Henry L. Stimson Center , said the U.S. policies in Afghanistan are hurting Pakistan . "  If authorities in Afghanistan are unable to safeguard our military 's hard-won gains , we are obligated to ask how much more blood and treasure ought to be devoted to this cause , " Krepon said . He said the two countries are "  now very close to another divorce , " but it would be "  a serious error in judgment ... to conclude that this relationship can not be salvaged . "	Kerry says the United States should not rush to judgment Lugar says Pakistan is "  a strategically vital country with which we must engage " Witnesses tell a Senate committee a strategy shift is in order
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A chronology of bombings and attempted bomb attacks in the mainland UK since the 1970s : Police close off streets around Haymarket , in London 's busy theater district . June 29 , 2007 : Police defuse a bomb consisting of 200 liters of fuel , gas cylinders and nails found in an abandoned car in Haymarket , central London . A second car packed with gas and nails was later found to have been parked just a few hundred yards from the first , before it was towed away by traffic wardens in the early hours of Friday for violating parking restrictions . Police say two vehicles clearly linked . July 21 , 2005 : Two weeks after the deadly 7/7 bombings , four men are alleged to have attempted to carry out a second wave of attacks against London 's transport network at three London underground stations and aboard a bus . But their alleged rucksack bombs fail to explode . July 7 , 2005 : Four suicide bombers detonate themselves aboard three underground trains and a bus in a morning rush hour attack against London 's transport network , killing 52 people and injuring around 700 more . Al Qaeda claims responsibility in a video statement . August 2004 : Anti-terrorist police disrupt a plot by Islamic militants to blow up targets including the Ministry of Sound nightclub and the Bluewater shopping center in southeast England using explosives packed into limousines and large vehicles . Seven men are convicted in May 2007 and sentenced to up to 26 years in prison . March 2001 : A car bomb explodes outside the BBC 's London headquarters , wounding one man . Police blame the Real IRA , a republican splinter group opposed to the IRA 's cease fire . April 1999 : Three people die when a nail bomb explodes in the Admiral Duncan pub in London 's gay district -- the third in a spate of series of nail bomb attacks also targeting immigrant areas of the city that left dozens injured . A 23-year-old self-declared "  Nazi " , David Copeland , is sentenced to six life terms . June 1996 : A massive IRA bomb explodes in a shopping center in central Manchester , injuring more than 200 people . February 1996 : Two people die as IRA terrorists detonate a bomb in London 's Docklands area , causing damage estimated at around $ 170m and ending the group 's 17-month cease fire . April 1993 : An IRA truck bomb devastates part of London 's financial district , killing one and wounding 44 . March 1993 : Two boys aged three and 12 are killed and dozens are injured by two bombs left in litter bins in Warrington , northern England . The IRA admits planting the bombs . April 1992 : A huge IRA car bomb in London 's financial district kills three people and wounds 91 . February 1991 : IRA terrorists launch a mortar attack at Prime Minister John Major 's Downing Street offices . No-one is injured . September 1989 : Eleven people die and 22 are wounded when an IRA bomb explodes at a Royal Marine music school in Deal , southern England . December 1988 : A Pan Am airliner explodes over the Scottish town of Lockerbie , killing 259 aboard and 11 people on the ground . Libyan agent Abdel Basset al-Megrahi , convicted of the attack in 2001 , was this week granted the right to mount a fresh appeal .  Read about Lockerbie bomber October 1984 : Five people die in an IRA bomb attack on a hotel in Brighton , southern England , where Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet are staying for the Conservative Party 's annual conference . December 1983 : An IRA bomb at London 's Harrods department store kills six people . July 1982 : Two IRA bomb attacks on soldiers in London 's parks kill 11 people and wound 50 . October-November 1974 : A wave of IRA bombs in British pubs in Birmingham and Guildford kill 28 people and wound more than 200 . February 1974 : A coach carrying soldiers and families in northern England is bombed by the IRA , killing 12 and wounding 14 . E-mail to a friend	Two cars loaded with gasoline and nails found abandoned in London Friday 52 people killed on July 7 , 2005 after bombs exploded on London bus , trains British capital wracked by violence by the IRA for years
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran has successfully test-fired 14 missiles during military drills , Iranian news agencies reported Tuesday . Following the unveiling of several missile silos Monday , Tuesday 's exercises are the second day of war games code-named the "  Great Prophet Six . " According to Iran 's IRIB news agency , the Islamic Revolutions Guards Corps fired three Shabab ballistic missiles and 11 Zelzal short-range missiles to test the missiles " ` precision , navigation and interceptive capability . " Airing video of one of the facilities as it began a new round of military exercises , Iran announced Monday that it has built its first ballistic missile silos . The hardened , underground launch sites will allow Iranian commanders to fire missiles more quickly , Iran 's state-run Press TV reported . A military statement carried by the official Islamic Republic News Agency said the silos were capable of launching long-range missiles . Iran 's development of missile and nuclear fuel technology has led to U.N. sanctions and accusations from the United States that the clerical regime is trying to develop nuclear weapons . Iran says it has a right to peaceful nuclear technology , but the International Atomic Energy says it ca n't verify whether Tehran 's nuclear program remains entirely peaceful . The United States and the Soviet Union built more than 1,400 silos to protect their long-range missiles during the Cold War era . In the Iranian statement , military spokesman Col. Asghar Ghelichkhani said the facilities were designed and built with domestic expertise . Western observers say Iran currently has missiles capable of hitting targets up to about 1,300 kilometers  800 miles  away , a range that would cover nearly the entire Middle East and part of southeastern Europe . Iran also launched its first satellite in 2009 .	Tuesday is the second day of war games dubbed the "  Great Prophet Six " Iran announced Monday that it has built its first ballistic missile silos Iran aired video of the missile silos Monday
CNN  -- By most accounts , the showdown was pretty brutal . Many declared Jon Stewart , right , the victor in his face-to-face with Jim Cramer on "  The Daily Show . " Many watching Thursday night 's "  Daily Show " on Comedy Central felt that comedian-turned-media-critic Jon Stewart held bombastic financial guru and CNBC "  Mad Money " host Jim Cramer 's feet to the fire . And Cramer flinched . Stewart , known for his zany , satirical take on the news , was serious as he took Cramer 's network to task for what Stewart viewed as their "  cheerleading " of corporations at the heart of the nation 's current economic crisis . And despite the title of his financial show , Cramer came off as less mad and more apologetic . Watch Stewart vs. Cramer " "  If it was a prize fight , they would have stopped it , " said Howard Kurtz , the "  Washington Post " media critic and host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " "  I was stunned that Jim Cramer kind of did a rope-a-dope strategy and did n't really defend himself against Jon Stewart 's assault . " Kurtz is very familiar with the style of both men . He has appeared on "  The Daily Show " and is the author of "  The Fortune Tellers : Inside Wall Street 's Game of Money , Media and Manipulation , " in which Cramer is featured . Kurtz said Stewart "  made clear at the outset that he was n't going for laughs " and displayed very much the same passion for holding the media accountable as he did when he appeared on , and denounced , CNN 's "  Crossfire . " Watch the debate on "  Reliable Sources " "  When I went on -LSB- Stewart 's -RSB- show last year , he was so wound up in ripping the media that he went on for another 10 minutes , knowing full well that we were out of time , " Kurtz said . "  Stewart , as funny as he can be , is a very trenchant media critic who cares passionately about this stuff , and we saw that Thursday night . " iReporter David Seaman of New York said he was surprised at the vigor with which Stewart "  attacked Cramer 's credibility . " Check out David 's iReport The public wants answers as to how the country got into such financial distress , and viewers really want someone to answer for the mess , Seaman said . "  People want to see a lot of the financial gurus on a shish kabob , being skewered , " Seaman said . "  It 's really important to hold people accountable , and as we saw last night , Jon Stewart is a bit of a wild card , so if you are n't living up to expectations , he may call you out . " David Brancaccio , host and senior editor of "  Now on PBS , " commended Cramer for his bravery in going on the show , though he said he was surprised that the brilliant founder of TheStreet.com seemed ill-prepared for Stewart 's very thoughtful questioning . Brancaccio , the former host of American Public Media 's "  Marketplace " radio program , echoed the comments of many in that he found the exchange visibly uncomfortable for the usually showman-like Cramer . "  You have the comedian as journalist , and you have the financial journalist as clown , in that on his show , Cramer 's goofing around and plays the clown , " Brancaccio said . "  What a role reversal . " Brancaccio said Stewart 's show has emerged as an important vehicle for media criticism . Thursday night 's show marked an important moment in journalism , especially financial reporting , Brancaccio said . "  It 's really important that tough questions are asked , because when tough questions are n't asked , we end up with Enron , " he said . "  It 's interesting that the tough questions came from Jon Stewart , brilliant comedian that he is . " Brancaccio thinks the episode may serve as a cautionary tale for those in the media who do n't do their due diligence . White House approves of smackdown "  I do n't think any financial journalist wants to be in Cramer 's position , " Brancaccio said . "  I think -LSB- journalists -RSB- may redouble their efforts to be dispassionate reporters asking the tough questions . " Steve Krakauer is associate editor of TVNewser.com , one of the leading blogs about the television news industry , and said comments at his site have been mixed about the show . Although some thought it was one of the best interviews they had ever seen , others found Stewart arrogant and said his outrage might have been a bit staged . Krakauer said the question now is where Cramer -- who has said he plans to make some changes to his show -- goes from here . Krakauer said he doubts that there will be a complete overhaul of "  Mad Money . " "  I ca n't see things drastically changing , " Krakauer said . " ` Mad Money ' is one of the most successful shows on CNBC . Despite what has been written about Jim Cramer , the things he 's gotten incorrect and the calls he has made , he 's still popular and one of the most entertaining for people who are interested in that type of financial news . " If anything , Cramer 's appearance on "  The Daily Show " may have just stoked the flames . Comedy Central 's Web site played it up with clips from the show that it called "  an historic moment in basic cable . " The topic is such a hot one that Kurtz will lead "  Reliable Sources " with it Sunday , with journalist Tucker Carlson , radio show host Stephanie Miller and "  Baltimore Sun " television critic David Zurawik as guests . "  Beyond the entertainment value , and we are not above that , this is a really important moment for holding financial journalists accountable , " Kurtz said . "  It may have taken Jon Stewart to blow the whistle on some of the hype and shortsightedness at America 's top business news channel , but those failings were repeated throughout the business press , which stumbled badly in reporting on what turned into a huge financial meltdown . "	Critics and viewers see Stewart as victor after interview with "  Mad Money " host Pair squared off in an uncomfortable debate on "  The Daily Show " iReporter : Surprised at how Stewart "  attacked Cramer 's credibility " Howard Kurtz : "  Important moment for holding financial journalists accountable "
Misty and Larry Shaffer have been together since high school . She went to his senior prom ; he went to her junior and senior proms . They got married in October 2008 . He never said anything about her being overweight . When Larry , an Army specialist , was deployed to Afghanistan for a year in 2012 , Misty decided she wanted to get in shape . She weighed about 260 pounds when he left , and less than 155 pounds when he returned . "  I just sat in bed one night and was like , ' I can do this , ' " she said . " ' I need to do this . ' " Shaffer , now 25 and living in Leland , North Carolina , has struggled with her weight her whole life , even as a child . Each time she had tried dieting in the past , she would relapse . Before she became pregnant with her daughter , Nevaeh , she took diet pills and lost 60 pounds . But all that -- and more -- came back after she stopped taking the pills . At her heaviest , she weighed around 300 pounds . She 's 5 feet 6 inches tall . "  I would eat when I was bored . I 'd eat three huge meals a day , and then snack in between . Sad or happy , I 'd turn to food for everything . " Shaffer felt tired all the time . People picked on her . She wanted to surprise her husband , and work toward a better life for herself and her family . Her primary mission : Cut out all the junk . She stopped drinking soda , and tried to limit her liquids to water and coffee . upwave : Try it now ! No fast food for a week The first three to four months were the hardest , she said . Once she got past that , she started craving more healthy foods and water . It got to the point where , if she drank a diet soda , it made her so thirsty that she did n't even want it . Shaffer 's job presented its own challenges ; she 's a personal shopper at a supermarket . At lunch time , the hot fried chicken "  just smells so good , " she said . But the supermarket also offers a large , well-kept salad bar , as well as warm vegetables on the hot bar and oven-baked chicken . A typical breakfast for Shaffer is oatmeal with fruit or a cereal bar . On her days off , she 'll cook up sausage , eggs or pancakes , but she 'll watch her portion size . Around 10 a.m. she has a snack , such as fruit or carrots . Lunch is a salad or half a sandwich with some kind of vegetable or fruit . An afternoon snack might be yogurt . For dinner , she eats a lean meat  like ground turkey or a boneless , skinless chicken breast  , a vegetable and a very small portion of starch . The big day , Larry Shaffer 's return , was May 15 , 2013 . The soldier had never seen his wife weigh less than 220 pounds , even in high school . When she saw him at the airport , Misty Shaffer did n't know what to say or do . She just ran and jumped into his arms . Her husband was speechless , uttering only one word : "  Wow . " It was the first time he had ever picked her up . Before , he had n't been able to lift her off the ground even a little , she said . That moment was worth everything . "  A lot of people look at it like , ` Why is that such a big deal ? ' " she said . "  But  when  you never thought you 'd see that moment , that somebody can pick you up ... it is a big deal . " The other big part of the surprise : She had bought a new house while he was away . Since then , Shaffer has been able to keep the weight off . When her husband left she was a size 22 to 24 ; now she can wear a women 's size 6 . She 's especially loving how much money she saves on smaller clothes . Khakis , for example , used to cost $ 80 , but she found a pair for her new physique for only $ 7 . She said her husband 's eating habits have n't changed much ; he likes her cooking , but he 'll help himself to ice cream or cake afterward . Sometimes she will join him . But she 's not too tempted to go back to her old ways of eating . "  I 've seen how hard I worked , and what I had to go through to get to this point , " she said . She 's still in disbelief when her husband picks her up .	Misty Shaffer 's husband was deployed to Afghanistan In May 2013 she met him at the airport , more than 100 pounds lighter She focused on healthy eating during her weight loss
At least four people died and 14 were wounded Sunday by an explosion on a tourist bus in the Egyptian resort town of Taba , authorities said . Brig. Gen. Alaa Mahmoud said 33 tourists from South Korea were on the bus and had visited the Greek Orthodox Monastery of St. Catherine 's , in the Sinai Peninsula . The bus was headed to Israel and was waiting in line near a border crossing , he said . According to state-run media , Health Ministry officials said three tourists and the bus driver , who was from Egypt , were killed . The jihadist group Ansar Jerusalem posted a statement on the radical Islamist website Hanein claiming responsibility for the bombing . Israeli police dispatched ambulances and patrol cars to the border with Egypt to help if needed , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN . Egypt 's Minister of Tourism Hesham Zaazou said the Egyptian government had taken the "  utmost measures " to protect tourists in the country . "  I 'm extremely enraged because of this terrorist attack and this tragic incident , " he told CNN by phone as he was traveling to the bombing site . The Sinai region has seen Islamist militants become more active in recent years . In January , three soldiers were killed when armed men attacked their bus . And in November , a car bomb killed 10 soldiers . The Egyptian revolution that toppled strongman President Hosni Mubarak in 2011 brought a resurgence of Islamists , whom his military regime had repressed for decades . This included relatively moderate factions like the Muslim Brotherhood , which swept into power when Mohamed Morsy became president in Egypt 's first democratic elections . But it also included extremists , some who have been inspired by al Qaeda . In the Sinai Peninsula , they have called for the establishment of an Islamist caliphate . The Egyptian military began cracking down on them again . In July , when the military ousted Morsy in a coup , Islamist extremists in the Sinai saw it as an attack against Islam and stepped up their assaults , particularly against soldiers and military installations . Sunday 's targeting of tourists marks a new threshold in Egyptian terror , at least in recent years . Taba is in the northeastern Sinai Peninsula , just a few miles from Israel . It was also the scene of a triple bombing in 2004 , when 34 people were killed at hotels that were attacked . The explosion happened so close to the border that a security camera on the Israeli side caught it on tape . Israeli TV network Channel 2 , a CNN affiliate , showed the video , which captures the explosion and its initial white smoke on the side of the frame . A piece of debris flies high into the air , then descends slowly to the ground . Two blasts rock bridge in Cairo	The jihadist group Ansar Jerusalem claims responsibility for the attack Egyptian official calls the blast a "  terrorist attack " The bus driver was among the four people killed , state TV reports Bus was carrying 33 tourists from South Korea who had visited a monastery
CNN  -- A recent scientific expedition in Colombia 's mountainous Darien region has unearthed 10 new species of amphibians , an environmental organization said . A new species of salamander was one of the exciting discoveries in Colombia 's Darien region . Scientists with Conservation International on Monday announced the discovery of 10 new species in what 's being referred to as a safe haven for frogs located in the west of the country on the border with Panama . The discovery of 10 amphibians , which are believed to be new to science , was the result of a three-week survey of the area , the group said . The new species were discovered as part of a CI program aimed at assessing the ecological health of a given area . Scientists identified nearly 60 species of amphibians , 20 reptiles and 120 species of birds , the group said in a prepared statement . The discoveries come as global extinction rates continue to rise . Experts with Conservation International argue that the discovery is particularly significant since amphibians serve as an accurate gauge of an area 's ecological health . Amphibians can act as an early warning sign of pollution such as acid rain due to their porous , absorbent skin . The sensitivity of these species to low level environmental threats can also act as a barometer for human health . Conservation International says the discovery offered renewed optimism . "  The high number of new amphibian species found is a sign of hope , even with the serious threat of extinction that this animal group faces in many other regions of the country and the world , " says Jose Vicente Rodriguez Mahecha , Scientific Director of CI-Colombia , who was part of the team that discovered the new species . The region is , however , not immune to modern threats . According to Conservation International , between 25 percent to 30 percent of the natural vegetation in the Darien area is currently being deforested . For the scientists , the hope now is that the discoveries will renew efforts to conserve the region and manage its rich biodiversity .	Ten new species of amphibians found in Colombia near border with Panama Conservation International says the discovery offered renewed optimism 25-30 percent of vegetation in the Darien area is currently being deforested
CNN  -- Prabhjot Singh , a turbaned Sikh doctor and Columbia University professor , was surrounded recently by a gang of teenagers on bicycles who beat him , fracturing his jaw . He says they called him a "  terrorist " and "  Osama . " His response : "  If I could speak to my attackers , " he said , "  I would ask them if they had any questions , if they knew what they were doing . Maybe invite them to the gurdwara where we worship , get to know who we are . " Most people would be surprised by Dr. Singh 's willingness to forgive and constructively engage his attackers . I am not . Like most Sikhs , I was taught at a young age about Bhai Ghaniya , a famous Sikh who would distribute food and water to wounded enemy soldiers . The lesson instilled was that the work of mending fences begins as soon as one can no longer harm you . As a professional advocate working with Sikh hate crime victims for more than a decade since 9/11 , I have consistently seen Sikhs move beyond the punitive bent of our criminal justice system and adopt a Sikh approach to addressing our attackers . The result is a decidedly Sikh-American brand of justice that produces more social benefit than the revolving-door criminal justice system in our country . Take our work with Gurpreet Singh and Thomas Brand . Thomas worked at Marsh McLenan at the World Trade Center . He never had a chance to say goodbye to his colleagues who died there on 9/11 . Traveling on trains made him scared and angry . He acted on his anger a year later by pushing Gurpreet on the Long Island Railroad , urging him to leave the train and calling him a "  terrorist . " Thomas was stopped by an off-duty police officer , arrested , and eventually prosecuted . When it came time for sentencing , the prosecutor was ready to recommend jail time for Thomas . Gurpreet did not want that to happen . He saw a man in real pain who needed a lift up and not jail time . He asked that the prosecutor recommend Thomas engage in community service aimed at combating hate in a post 9/11 world . Thomas was very nervous when he came to our office . He said he knew nothing about us and always thought we were "  stern " and "  angry . " He said he was surprised that one of my colleagues was wearing shorts instead of pants . We got to know each other and eventually Thomas was standing with Gurpreet and me as we went to gurdwaras , Sikh houses of worship , collecting reports of bias against Sikhs . All of us were better for the experience . Gurpreet and I had our own prejudices and fears of people who looked like "  Joe America " and clearly Thomas had his own perceptions about us "  turban folk " as well . Rather than allow him to spend time incarcerated in the overworked criminal justice system , we all found healing and became better people for it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amardeep Singh .	Sikh doctor forgives teenagers who beat him and called him a terrorist Amardeep Singh works with hate crime victims who display a different approach Rather than jail time , he says , people who commit hate crimes can do community service Singh : It 's helpful for victims and perpetrators to overcome fears about each other
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Blackwater USA guards have used deadly force weekly in Iraq and have inflicted "  significant casualties and property damage , " according to a congressional staff report released Monday that cites internal company and State Department documents . Blackwater 's contractors fired their weapons 195 times -- or an average of 1.4 times a week -- from the beginning of 2005 through the second week of September , the Democratic staff of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee found . In over 80 percent of the cases , Blackwater reports that its forces fired first , according to the staff report . The committee will hear from Blackwater 's CEO Erik Prince on Tuesday . Read Prince 's prepared statement  PDF Records of the company and State Department show Blackwater 's use of force in Iraq has been "  frequent and extensive , " the report says . Though Blackwater is authorized to use force only defensively , "  the vast majority of Blackwater weapons discharges are pre-emptive , with Blackwater forces firing first at a vehicle or suspicious individual prior to receiving any fire , " the report states . A Blackwater contractor wrote an initial U.S. government report describing contractors ' involvement in a September 16 incident in which Iraqi civilians were shot , government and industry sources told CNN . The Iraqi government claims Blackwater contractors , who were guarding a U.S. diplomatic convoy , killed as many as 20 civilians in western Baghdad 's Nisoor Square . The incident elicited outrage in Iraq and raised questions about the accountability of foreign security personnel in the country who , under an order by the U.S.-led occupation government , are not subject to Iraqi law . Blackwater said its employees responded properly to an insurgent attack on a convoy , and the State Department "  spot report " written by the Blackwater contractor underscores that and does n't mention civilian casualties . However , the contractor 's account is at odds with Iraqis ' version of the incident . A senior Iraqi National Police official participating in the Iraqi governmental probe of the shooting said the Blackwater gunfire was unprovoked and random , killing and wounding several civilians . Blackwater contractor Darren Hanner drafted the two-page spot report on the letterhead of the Bureau of Diplomatic Security for the embassy 's Tactical Operations Center , said a source involved in diplomatic security at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad . Hanner , listed on the report as the center 's watch officer , was working for Blackwater at the time the report was written -- just after the shooting occurred , said a highly placed industry source . He was to rotate out of Iraq last week , the source said . The center tracks and monitors all incidents and movements involving diplomatic security missions and has outsourced positions to Blackwater and another private firm , the embassy source said . Watch aftermath video of the shooting obtained by Newsweek " The State Department is conducting an investigation , and deputy spokesman Tom Casey called the spot report "  a first-blush account of those on the scene . " He said the "  report has no standing whatsoever . " "  It was not intended to be used as an analysis , investigation , review or any detailed assessment of the situation . To assert that is untrue , " Casey said . A State Department agent took sworn statements from the participants in the shooting after receiving the spot report , the embassy source said . A joint U.S.-Iraqi commission is expected to examine security and safety issues and will receive results of the State Department investigation and a separate Iraqi investigation , the U.S. military said . The senior Iraqi police officer said Blackwater team members were questioned by Iraqi police immediately after the incident . The contractors first said they opened fire in response to a mortar attack , the officer said . However , the contractors then changed their story at least twice during the 90 minutes they were held , the officer said . Iraqi police released a video of the aftermath of the shooting which shows a car that had damage consistent with a rocket-propelled grenade . The video shows what appears to be the spent casing of a rifle-fired grenade , and the embassy source said the Blackwater guards were armed with a rifle-fired M-203 grenade . The embassy source said a New York Times story reporting investigators were told that at least one guard drew a weapon on a fellow guard who did not stop shooting after colleagues called for a cease-fire was "  pretty much true . " Blackwater previously denied reports that one Blackwater employee drew a gun on another . Learn more about private contractors working in Iraq " The embassy source , meanwhile , said Blackwater is suffering a staffing shortage as it tries to meet its mission of guarding U.S. diplomats moving around Baghdad and other sections of Iraq . Anne Tyrrell , a spokeswoman for Blackwater , denied that assertion . "  To my knowledge that 's inaccurate , " Tyrrell said . "  I would urge caution in trusting the source . " As State Department investigators arrived in Baghdad from Washington to investigate the shooting , many of the guards involved had ended their contracts with Blackwater and were leaving Iraq , the embassy source said , speaking anonymously because he is not authorized to speak to the media . The State Department official said as of Friday all guards that were involved in the incident were still in Iraq , except for one who had to be evacuated for medical reasons . "  It would be hard to do an investigation without the principal players there , " the official said , referring to the State Department inquiries into the issue . "  We can not take anybody out of the country during an investigation without U.S. government approval , " Tyrrell said . "  It is inaccurate that the 19 men being investigated have left Iraq . " Several of the guards involved in the shooting have requested disability severance and others have not renewed their expiring contracts , the State Department source said . None of those involved are being sent on security missions , he said . The Iraqi government said it will file criminal charges against the Blackwater employees , according to Iraq 's Interior Ministry . It 's not clear how Iraqi courts would attempt to bring the contractors to trial . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh in Baghdad , Zain Verjee in Washington and Suzanne Simons in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Report : "  Vast majority of Blackwater weapons discharges are pre-emptive " Report is based on Blackwater and State Department internal documents Sources : Contractor wrote U.S. "  spot report " on September shooting State Department : Report is "  first-blush account " with "  no standing "
CNN Student News  -- September 10 , 2014 Science and medicine merge for our first story today on an enterovirus . We also explore economics with a look at back-to-school spending . Geography factors in to a flooding report out of Southeast Asia and a wildfire event in California . And history finds a place on a random segment involving a mummy . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
New York  CNN  -- Traveling down New York 's Fifth Avenue , 4-year-old Joseph Mezzapesa sees his favorite store , Build-A-Bear Workshop , from the back seat of the family 's SUV . His face lights up . But before he can even ask , his mother answers quickly . "  We ca n't go in , " she says . "  Too many people in there . " Stores are n't the only places off limits for Joseph . So are movie theaters , malls , schools and playgrounds . "  We live in isolation pretty much from November until May because of the sickness that Joseph has , " says his mom , Donna Mezzapesa , as the family drives to a Manhattan hospital for Joseph 's monthly treatment . That sickness is opsoclonus myoclonus syndrome  OMS  , an extremely rare neurological disorder that can affect his motor skills and cause rapid , involuntary eye movements . Joseph developed the illness when he was about 1 , as a result of having low-stage neuroblastoma cancer . His cancer is now in remission , but the OMS treatment leaves his immune system so fragile that even the slightest exposure to germs can be detrimental . "  If Joseph gets sick , even a simple cold could cause his OMS symptoms to come out , " his mother said . "  His immune system attacks his brain , thinking that he still has neuroblastoma cancer . That 's why we have to try to keep him away from anyone with illnesses . " For much of his childhood , Joseph has rarely ventured beyond his home or played with other kids . His only friend and playmate was his healthy twin sister , Alexa . All that changed last year , however , when his parents enrolled him and his sister at the Morgan Center , a preschool program in Hicksville , New York . The Morgan Center was created especially for children who are undergoing treatment for cancer and have a suppressed immune system . Alexa was enrolled so she would n't bring home germs from a different preschool . "  They love it because they get to be around other kids , which they 're not used to , " Donna Mezzapesa said . Battling a life-threatening disease is tough at any age , but it can be especially difficult for young children who have to be kept in isolation . Nancy Zuch learned this firsthand after her daughter , Morgan , was diagnosed with cancer at age 2 . "  It was horrible that she had leukemia , " said Zuch , 46 . "  It made it worse for us that she could n't socialize . So not only was she at the hospital and dealing with the side effects , but also she could n't have that normal part of her childhood . " Morgan , now 13 and cancer-free , remembers the pain and the needles , but also that she could n't go to preschool . "  The only friend I had was my brother , " she said . Zuch was so concerned with Morgan 's isolation and lack of social development that she hired a play therapist to teach Morgan some of the things that most kids take for granted , like playing , sharing and taking turns . One day at the hospital , Zuch noticed there was a play area for young cancer patients where Morgan was able to play with another child . "  I thought , ` Well , this is OK because this child also has a minimal world of exposures , also can not be around other children due to a suppressed immune system , ' " Zuch said . "  It was safe for them to play together . " By the time Zuch got home that day , she had a clear idea for what would eventually become the Morgan Center . "  We need to start a program for children with cancer , " she told her husband , "  so there can be a place where they can go and socialize and have friends and learn and play . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes The Zuchs opened the Morgan Center in September 2003 , just a few months after their daughter was deemed cancer-free . It has since provided a free preschool experience for more than 150 children . On the surface , the Morgan Center might look like any other preschool : colorful toys , shelves lined with books , walls adorned with educational posters , children gleefully engrossed in activities . But it 's different in many ways . Because of the children 's delicate immune systems , they are required to sanitize their hands throughout the day . They also have individualized supply boxes with their own crayons , glues and Play-Doh . They never share supplies , and all items are meticulously cleaned by teachers after each use . "  Exposure to a simple childhood cold or illness can become life-threatening to these children , " said Zuch , who also teaches at the school . Three times a week , students learn to read , sing and create arts and crafts . On Fridays , they have show-and-tell . There are parties during the holidays . And a few times a year , there are organized field trips . "  It 's wonderful to see my daughter be like a normal kid , " said Jennifer Tibaldi , one of the students ' mothers . Zuch says the Morgan Center is the only program of its kind in America . It is funded entirely by private donations and fundraisers , and the students are referred by local cancer hospitals . Because there is no medical staff on site , the students ' parents remain on the premises during the day . But this has also created a wonderful opportunity for parents that Zuch did not envision when she started the program . "  The parents have formed friendships , " she said . "  They have also formed support groups . They understand what each other is going through , and over the course of the years , the Morgan Center has become so much more than what we even intended it to be . " For many parents , that support and socialization has made a remarkable difference and provided a much-needed break from hospitals and isolation . "  This is the only place where you can gather parents that have this common bond of cancer , " Tibaldi said . "  You know what it 's like that your kids are on steroids . You know what chemo does to your kids . It 's just a wonderful place to gather and have a cup of coffee and talk about things that are difficult to talk about with people who just do n't know what you 're going through . " The program has been so successful that a second center on Long Island is in the works , and Zuch has been approached to replicate the model in other states . "  Part of me relives Morgan going through treatment  with  every new child that I meet and every parent that 's telling me their story , " Zuch said . "  But to see the smiles on their faces and  to see the children  reclaiming their childhood , that feeling is such a joy that it 's indescribable . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Morgan Center website at www.themorgancenter.org and see how to help .	CNN Hero Nancy Zuch started a free preschool program especially for children with cancer Young cancer patients are often lonely , isolated because of their suppressed immune systems The Morgan Center gives them a safe place to make new friends , play and learn Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Robert Pires is confident Villarreal -- nickname ` the Yellow Submarine ' -- can torpedo the Champions League dreams of former club Arsenal in Tuesday 's quarterfinal first leg clash in Spain . Robert Pires made his final apearance for Arsenal in the 2006 Champions League final defeat against Barcelona . "  We can beat them , for sure , " said the former French internationa \ . "  We would not come on the pitch if we were not convinced that we are good enough to go through . "  I would say that I expect a spectacular game between two teams that look like each other a lot . Hopefully we will see many goals . " The 35-year-old spent six successful seasons at Highbury , and made his last appearance for the Gunners in the 2006 Champions League final when he was substituted in an early tactical change following the sending off of goalkeeper Jens Lehmann . Such an exit was not the way Pires wanted to bring the curtain down on an Arsenal career which had seen him help guide Arsene Wenger 's side through an unbeaten Premier League campaign in 2003/2004 . "  I have always had a tremendous relationship with the Arsenal fans and these games will be the occasion for me to say goodbye to them , " Pires told www.setanta.com . "  Not having been able to say goodbye to them is a pain to me . "  I wanted to have the chance to thank the Highbury public for their support , but I could not do it because my last game was the Champions League final with Barcelona . "  Then I announced my departure to Villarreal three days later and did not see them again . Sincerely , this draw is emotional to me , and fills me with nostalgia as well , that is for sure . " Pires was sent off in the 3-0 weekend defeat at Almeria that saw midfielder Santi Cazorla break an ankle in a match that left Manuel Pellegrini 's team in fourth place . Spain international midfielder Marcos Senna is , though , expected to be fit to face the Gunners . Arsenal striker Robin van Persie misses the trip to Spain with a groin injury , but Samir Nasri and Theo Walcott have been passed fit for the clash at El Madrigal after a virus and knee injury respectively . Manager Arsene Wenger paid tribute to his players on arrival in Spain and maintained that he is "  confident " of a positive outcome over the two legs . Midfielder Andrey Arshavin is ineligible having played for Zenit St Petersburg during the group stages . Striker Eduardo  groin  and midfielder Abou Diaby  thigh  remain sidelined , while long-term absentee Tomas Rosicky continues his recovery .	Robert Pires believes Villarreal can upset Arsenal 's Champions League dream Pires ' final game for Arsenal came in 2006 Champions final loss to Barcelona Arsenal striker Robin van Persie misses the trip to Spain with a groin injury
CNN  -- As the legend goes , it all started with two Americans living in London in search of a good burger . Bereft of what they considered acceptable options , the pair decided to open their own American-styled diner with the food and attitude to match . They would call this nascent start-up the Hard Rock Cafe . Over the next two decades this famous old joint became a regular haunt for A-list musicians and a museum for rock star memorabilia . Today , it 's a global industry with 180 venues in more than 50 countries , including outlets as far afield as Bahrain and Dubai . But building this rock and roll empire has n't been easy . When current CEO , Hamish Dodds , took over in 2004 many considered the brand old and tired . Like record companies and music stores , the Hard Rock Cafe found itself asking how can a business so synonymous with the vinyl epoch stay relevant in the age of the digital download ? "  I think that 's part of the challenge for this brand as it does have a history but it 's also part of the beauty , " Dodds told CNN . "  It " s really around being relevant for the younger consumers  as  so many ... are not familiar with  our  history . " Hard Rock Cafe has sought to keep up with the latest trends by adapting and expanding its services . The company now stages 26,000 live gigs every year , Dodds said , and has successfully added hotels and casinos to its portfolio since the turn of the century . Revenues jumped from under $ 1 billion dollars in 2003 to $ 3.5 billion in 2013 with the casino business accounting for the largest chunk of this rise . Now the Hard Rock Cafe is aggressively expanding in Asia and the Middle East with plans for hotels in Abu Dhabi and a cafe in Doha . "  We 've been here  in the Middle East  a very long time , " Dodds reflected . "  Our cafes have basically had a very successful run  and our  new cafe in Dubai has really performed extremely well . "  There 's something special about our brand , it resonates a lot with our Middle Eastern customers . " But with the lucrative gaming side of the business not permitted in many nations within the region , Dodds sees the more traditional aspects of the cafe 's brand coming to the fore . Hard Rock t-shirts and other merchandise still account for between 30 % and 50 % of sales at each destination after all . "  In markets where gaming is not permitted , we still have growth and consumer opportunities in hotels and cafes , " Dodds said . He adds that the company will also look to tailor its offers to the diverse markets it now finds itself operating in . "  You used to go to a hard rock cafe and they all looked the same . " "  So we 've changed that mechanic again as part of the brand re-invigoration and we want everyone to be different and to reflect the personality of the building and the country and the people in that country , " he said . See also : The Middle East 's king of hotels See also : Gulf looks to rival Paris fashions See also : Gas fields could unite Cyprus	Hard Rock Cafe is expanding into Asia and the Middle East Company has more than tripled revenues since 2003 Business now focuses on casinos and hotels as well as restaurants and music
CNN  -- It was the holy grail -- the gold medal that President Vladimir Putin and his fellow Russians had dreamed of . It was n't just about reasserting Russia 's standing on the ice hockey stage , this was about pride , tradition and proving that the host nation 's star players could deliver in front of the watching world . But there was one small problem -- somebody forgot to tell Finland . When Ilya Kovalchuk opened the scoring for Russia in the first period , it appeared that the host nation would be celebrating come the end of the contest . But Finland had other ideas -- fighting its way to a historic 3-1 victory which broke Russian hearts . "  I can not explain my feelings . Inside I am absolutely empty , " Russian captain Pavel Datsyuk told reporters . "  The emotion we feel right now is disappointment , disappointment that we did n't live up to the hopes placed on us . "  There were great hopes placed on us and we did n't live up to them . " Finland , which finished third in Vancouver four years ago , equalized through Juhamatti Aaltonnen 's effort before Teemu Selanne completed the comeback ahead of the first intermission . Mikael Granlund added a third early in the second period to seal the win and silence a stunned crowd . Finland will now face the highly-fancied Swedes in the semifinals after defeating Slovenia 5-0 . Carl Hagelin scored twice with Alexander Steen , Daniel Sedin and Loui Eriksson also on target . Three-time defending champion Canada overcame a brave effort from Latvia with a 2-1 victory , and will now face the United States in a rematch of the 2010 final . The Americans , who beat Russia earlier in the competition , eased into the semis with a 5-2 victory over the Czech Republic . History maker Biathlon star Ole Einar Bjoerndalen made history by winning a record 13th medal at the Winter Olympics as Norway claimed gold in the mixed relay . The 40-year-old overtook fellow countryman and cross country ski star Bjoern Daehlie , who won 12 medals during his career . Bjoerndalen , who has now won eight gold medals , teamed up with Emil Hegle Svendsen for the men 's legs and Tora Berger and Tiril Eckhoff for the women 's , as Norway cruised home . The Czech Republic took silver with Italy in third . Bjoerndalen , taking part in his sixth Games , won his first medal at Nagano in 1998 . He has 19 world championship titles to his name and started his Sochi competition by winning the 10 km sprint . Bjoerndalen came close to winning his 13th medal in the 20 km individual last week but had to settle for fourth place . He also missed out on a medal in Tuesday 's mass start where he made four errors in the final shooting -- mistakes not repeated on this occasion . "  My shooting was really good , I was more focused than yesterday but today it was working again , " he told reporters . "  I was really nervous before the race because you do n't work for yourself only , but also for the team . "  I had not prepared myself for this it 's a dream . Our performance is unique . " Bjoerndalen can add a 14th medal to his collection in Saturday 's relay event . Ligety joy Ted Ligety became the first U.S. male alpine skier to win two Olympic gold medals following his triumph in Wednesday 's giant slalom . Ligety , 29 , who won the super combined title in 2006 , exorcised the demons of four years ago in Vancouver -- where he failed to finish in the medals . "  I have answered Vancouver questions for the last four years , " he told reporters . "  I did n't do very well there . That has n't bothered me that much . I moved on past that and my best years have been since then and , in a lot of ways , because of that . Those are always questions I get , even at World Cup . " Ligety had little problem dealing with the pressure on this occasion , carving out an advantage of 0.92 seconds after his first leg before coming home 0.48 ahead of Steve Missillier , with fellow Frenchman Alexis Pinturault claiming bronze . "  It was a huge relief , " he added following his victory . "  I have been wanting to win this medal for my whole life and even more so , in a realistic sense . in the last few years . All season long everyone talks about the Olympics , Olympics , Olympics . "  At a certain point I was just like , ` Let 's do it already . Let 's get this thing over with , so we can stop talking about the pressure and everything with it . ' "  It 's awesome to be able to come here and be able to compete and do it , and finally get the monkey off the back . " Bode blow Six-time Olympic medalist Bode Miller has confirmed that he will not take part in Saturday 's slalom after suffering a knee injury in the giant slalom , where he finished 20th The American , who missed the whole of last season after undergoing knee surgery , became the oldest alpine ski medalist at the age of 36 years and 127 days when he finished third in the men 's super-G at Sochi . "  I 'm bummed I 'm out for the slalom , I wanted a miracle . Thank you all for the amazing support , it 's been incredible , " tweeted Miller . Miller won super-combined gold in 2010 while also claiming silver in the super-G and bronze in the downhill . He also won two silver medals at the 2002 Salt Lake Games . Family fortunes There was a snowboarding husband-and-wife triumph in the parallel giant slalom as Vic Wild won gold in the men 's event just minutes after his spouse Alena Zavarzina claimed bronze in the women 's competition . Wild , who was born in the U.S. but switched to Russia in 2011 following his marriage to Zavarzina , made his decision after funding for the United States Ski and Snowboard Association slalom program was cut . "  I went the hard way , " the 27-year-old told reporters . "  Russia has lots of good riders . Russia has the opportunity for me to win races , not for me to go to the Olympics . "  Russia is the country that has given me the opportunity to win the medal . If I was still riding for the USA I 'd be back home , maybe with some mediocre job , doing something mediocre . That 's not who I wanted to be . " Zavarzina was thrilled with her success but was keen to praise her husband following his move to Russia . "  I 'm very happy that Vic got gold , " she said . "  This is what he worked for . He 's so far from his hometown , he did an amazing job . "  He had to switch countries , switch nationality , accept something that some people would never accept . "  He has to deal with the Russian mentality , with stuff he 's not used to , working with people who do n't understand him most of the time . " In the men 's event , Switzerland 's Nevin Galmarini was second with Russia 's Zan Kosir in third . Pre-race favorite Patrizia Kummer claimed Switzerland 's 50th Winter Olympic gold medal in the women 's event . Tomoka Takeuchi of Japan finished second to become the first woman from Asia to win a medal in snowboard in Olympic history . ` Queen of Skating ' Martina Sablikova , the Czech Republic 's "  Queen of Skating , " continued her domination of the women 's 5,000 meters by successfully defending her Olympic title . Sablikova 's time of six minutes 51.54 seconds was enough to push 3,000 m champion Ireen Wust into second ahead of fellow Dutch racer Carien Kleibeuker . The Netherlands have won 21 of the 30 speed skating medals on offer , including six of the 10 golds , but they failed to overhaul Sablikova on this occasion . After winning the 3,000 and 5,000 four years ago , the 26-year-old powered to victory despite having adjust her glasses during the race . "  After winning gold in Vancouver , it 's great to win it here in Sochi as well , and this time in front of all my family , " she told reporters . Bobsleigh joy Canada 's Kaillie Humphries and Heather Moyse successfully defended their Olympic bobsleigh title after pipping the U.S. by a tenth of a second . USA-1 , led by Elana Meyers and brakeman Lauryn Williams , had held a lead of .011 seconds going into the final run but endured a disappointing final effort . That allowed Humphries and Moyse to snatch gold , with Americans Jamie Greubel and Aja Evans taking bronze . "  Winning gold is amazing , but walking away satisfied is better . After the third run I knew that if we did the business we could be on top , " Humphries told reporters . "  When you have to rely on someone else or wait and see , it makes it hard . " Curling Sweden will face Canada in a repeat of the 2010 women 's curling final . Sweden , aiming for a third successive gold medal , saw off Switzerland 7-5 in the semifinals . Canada , unbeaten so far , edged out Great Britain 6-4 , and skipper Jenny Jones is confident her team can take revenge on the Swedes this time around . Switzerland and Great Britain will compete for the bronze medal on Thursday . In the men 's event , Canada will face Great Britain in the final . Canada defeated China 10-6 while Britain edged out Sweden 6-5 . High five Norway 's cross country skiing star Marit Bjoergen claimed the fifth gold medal of her illustrious career after leading her country to victory in the women 's team sprint race . Bjoergen , who raced with Ingvild Flugstad Oestberg , had already won skiathlon gold at Sochi to add to the three she won at Vancouver 2010 . It left her one short of the record by a female winter Olympian , jointly held by Soviet speed skater Lidia Skoblikova and Russian cross country skier Lyubov Yegorova . Kerttu Niskanen and Aino-Kaisa Saarinen of Finland came second with Ida Ingemarsdotter and Stina Nilsson in third . In the men 's race , Finland produced a stunning victory to claim the country 's first gold in Sochi thanks to the efforts of Sami Jauhojaervi and Iivo Niskanen . The pair , who took it in turns to perform three sprints each , finished in 23 minutes and 14.89 seconds to see off Russia and Sweden . Classy Kim In the women 's figure skating , defending champion Kim Yu-Na of Korea claimed top spot in the short program . Her score of 74.92 was the highest ahead of home favorite Adelina Sotnikova Italy 's Carolina Kostner , produced a fine performance to finish on 74.12 . to finish ahead of U.S. medal hopeful Gracie Gold . The competition will conclude with Thursday 's free program .	Russia 's men fail in their quest for ice hockey gold Norway 's Ole Einar Bjoerndalen becomes most decorated Olympian in history Ted Ligety wins giant slalom gold USA to meet Canada in men 's ice hockey semifinal
The similarities are plentiful . Both congressmen are Republican . Both represent central California -- their districts share a border . Both are recently elected to Congress . Both have outspoken positions on immigration reform . And that 's where the similarities end . Republican v. Republican Rep. Jeff Denham , who represents California 's 10th Congressional District , is actively lobbying his Republican colleagues to get on board behind immigration legislation that includes a path to legalization . "  The entire system is broken , " Denham said in a recent interview with CNN . "  It 's a big issue for our nation . It is a big issue for California and for my home district . " But Denham 's views do n't cross district lines . His congressional neighbor and fellow Republican , Rep. Tom McClintock , could n't disagree more . While his 4th District is next to Denham 's , a wide gap exists between the two on this issue . "  We have a path to citizenship and it 's a path that has been followed by millions of legal immigrants who have obeyed all of our laws , " McClintock said . "  It 's unfair to have 11 to 20 million illegal immigrants cut in line ahead of them . " Denham was the first Republican to come out in favor of comprehensive legislation . He signed on to the Democrats ' proposal , which includes a path to legalization for the 11 million undocumented immigrants currently in the country . It 's a controversial position within Republican circles . In his first week back in Washington after the holiday break , Denham got right to work . He met with 20 Republican members to hash out their differences on immigration . But McClintock is working on his own immigration campaign . He vowed to "  speak out at every opportunity " in opposition to a path to legalization . John King : Obama at odds with himself on immigration Boehner 's haul Denham and McClintock epitomize the challenge that lies before House Speaker John Boehner regarding immigration reform -- a divided party with divergent views on immigration . The establishment and moderate components of the party want to overhaul the immigration system because it 's broken and because it would help a party unpopular with the fastest-growing segment of the population . Meanwhile , conservatives know what 's popular with the base -- and in their district . The principles Boehner unveiled at last week 's Republican retreat sought a middle ground -- a path to legalization but not citizenship , and only after those already in the country get in the back of the line and the federal government provides proof that work is continuing to secure the border . So close yet so far About 2 1/2 million of the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country are in California . So how did two vocal Republicans , both from central California , emerge with such different positions ? Their districts help tell the story . McClintock represents a predominately Republican district , which overwhelmingly voted for Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney in the 2012 election . His district is 78 % white and wealthy , with residents earning a median income of more than $ 61,000 per year . James Lai , Santa Clara University associate professor of ethnic studies , describes McClintock 's district as the "  white flight " district , meaning that wealthier , older , white residents move to the Sacramento suburbs or Lake Tahoe to retire or get away from congested urban areas . "  There are n't that many districts like that in California , " Lai said of the profile of McClintock 's district , which allows him to have a conservative , anti-immigration position . Denham 's district , which is adjacent to McClintock 's , is so close in proximity yet so far in ideology . Denham represents "  the nation 's salad bowl , " an agriculture mecca that supplies much of the country 's produce . Forty percent of the residents are Latino and only 47 % voted for Romney . McClintock and Denham "  reflect the complex topography of California , but at the same time , their positions are reflected in their constituents , " Lai said . Re-election at stake While McClintock coasted to victory , Denham had a tough re-election bid 2012 and could have another tough race against a Democrat in 2014 , a threat that could be compounded if Republicans fail to act . Denham 's constituents are very aware . Many of them are agriculture workers , and they and their families are directly impacted by any action -- or inaction -- on immigration . "  I 've seen it in my own home district where families have been torn apart , " Denham said , describing the current maze of immigration laws and enforcement . Once fearing deportation , immigrant among first lady 's guests Republican Party leaders are acutely aware , acknowledging that the party must address the issue to prevent becoming irrelevant as Latinos and Asians grow to a larger percentage of the electorate . But in a deeply divided Congress , with more than 200 safe Republicans , immigration is hardly worth upsetting the base . McClintock says his view is in line with his constituents ' . "  I can tell you the sentiment in my district is very strongly for the rule of law and assuring that those who come to our country come with the intention of becoming Americans , " he said . A difficult race for McClintock is much more likely from a primary challenger than from a Democrat . Rosemary Jenks , executive director of Numbers USA , a group that favors a reduction of immigration , said McClintock is more in line with Republican voters ' views . "  I think the majority of Republicans understand that their constituents do not want this and ca n't afford this , " she added . Special interest support Jenks said Republican leaders are being pushed by business groups who want institutionalized cheap labor . The California Chamber of Commerce has been active , pushing Republicans to get on board with immigration reform . Like the national Chamber of Commerce , the California outpost has sent letters to the California delegation , held news conferences and lobbied Congress . "  This is so important to California 's economy . This is more important here than anywhere else , " CalChamber President and CEO Allan Zaremberg said in July . "  California 's representatives  ca n't let somebody else , who does n't have a stake in this , determine the outcome . " But giving McClintock cover , however , is the local chapter of the Chamber . Michael Ayala , CEO of the Tuolomne County Chamber , located in California 's 4th District , says immigration is n't a priority for county residents . "  If the federal government would enforce existing law , we would n't have the problems we currently have , " Ayala said , a position that McClintock echoes . Work in Washington While Denham might be a minority in his caucus , that minority might have the momentum . States take the lead in immigration game House Majority Leader Eric Cantor has been advocating his KIDS Act proposal to address the status of children of parents who came to the country illegally . And Boehner unveiled Republican principles last week , an indication that he is testing the waters on possibly moving an immigration bill this year . Denham called discussions at the Republican retreat productive and said he 's pleased that Boehner floated a starting point . He 's trying to convince McClintock and like-minded Republicans that the United States has "  de facto amnesty " and that the Republican Party should "  fix the system . " McClintock does n't seem likely to buy it . "  The Republican Party has always stood for the rule of law and it has welcomed legal immigrants to the country with the desire to come and be Americans and I believe we should continue to do so , " he said . The tale of two Republicans will have an ending . It 's just unclear what it will be .	Two neighboring California Republicans represent the GOP 's challenge on immigration Rep. Jeff Denham backs immigration reform while Rep. Tom McClintock is fighting it An estimated 2 1/2 million of the 11 million undocumented immigrants live in California House Speaker John Boehner recently unveiled immigration principles to his caucus
Washington  CNN  -- Five years ago , not many people knew of Ted Cruz or sequestration or had seen a tricorne hat . Today , all are familiar in the political arena because of the tea party movement that emerged in 2009 . For better or worse , the coming together of frustrated conservatives fearing American ruin due to rising debt has altered the national discussion to raise the profile of people and policies previously relegated to the right-wing fringe . Republicans fear tea party challengers in primaries . Democrats complain about the tea party caucus . The fiscal conversation focuses on reducing deficits and even reforming entitlement programs that make up the social safety net . Here 's a kind of "  greatest hits of the tea party , volume one " : 1  Protesting patriots Never in the past 200 or so years have so many worn tricorne hats and other Revolutionary War-era garb to make their political point . At protests and rallies that began in February 2009 to spawn the tea party movement , the overwhelmingly white , middle-aged and older participants dressed the part of past patriots protesting against taxation without representation . They also adopted the Gadsen flag of the the 18th Century -- a coiled snake warning "  Do n't tread on me . " It reflected the movement 's link to the Boston Tea Party of 1773 that helped launch the War of Independence , while some note that the word "  tea " in the label is a backronym for "  taxed enough already . " Top tea party group celebrates five years Such romanticism ignores the private funding from big conservative donors , such as the billionaire Koch brothers , that helped amalgamate scattered local organizations into a more coherent movement with national focus . 2  Obamacare fury Daily headlines scream with Republican rage over President Barack Obama 's signature health care reforms that passed in 2010 with zero GOP votes . The roots of such fury emerge from the origins of the tea party movement -- conservative anger over the stimulus bill that contained more than $ 800 billion in tax relief and spending to help the economy recover from recession . Tea party zealots as well as mainstream Republicans and independents also disliked the auto industry bailouts and financial sector rescue started under the previous administration of Republican President George W. Bush . That anger helped Obama and Democrats win big in 2008 . With control of the White House , Senate and House , Democrats pushed through the stimulus bill in 2009 and the Obamacare bill a year later . Anyone who attended or watched ca n't forget how opponents of the health reforms flooded public hearings on the proposal to spew full-throated attacks . Supporters got shouted down , shoving matches occurred , and the resulting perception was that middle-class America would never accept Obamacare . Today , Republicans and conservative groups try to maintain that perception with mixed results . 3  Republican control of the House Tea party anger over the stimulus bill and Obamacare translated to a conservative campaign onslaught in the 2010 congressional elections , with private groups freed from previous funding restrictions because of the Citizens United decision by the Supreme Court . Cruz angers GOP colleagues -- again Republicans won back the House by gaining 63 seats in a major shift , with dozens of tea party-backed newcomers joining the GOP caucus . Advocating showdown politics and brinksmanship over federal spending and raising the federal borrowing limit , the Republican-led House forced a rightward shift on fiscal issues that resulted in more austere policies , more fights between the parties and mounting public disgust with dysfunction in Washington . 4  Democratic control of the Senate "  I 'm not a witch , " declared Christine O'Donnell , a moment that symbolized how the tea party movement doomed Republican chances to gain control of the Senate in 2010 . A conservative activist , O'Donnell entered the Republican primary to fill the Senate seat vacated by Vice President Joe Biden . So did former Delaware Gov. Michael Castle , a nine-term U.S. congressman , who was heavily favored to win and refused to debate her . With strong tea party support , O'Donnell beat Castle by 6 percentage points with strong backing from conservative southern Delaware , but she proved too inexperienced and downright flaky for the pressures of a full-fledged Senate campaign . Comedian Bill Maher unearthed a 1999 clip from a TV show he hosted in which O'Donnell talked about dabbling in witchcraft , and she responded with a commercial that opened with her flat-out denial . Senate passes debt-ceiling plan in blow to tea party It went downhill from there , and Chris Coons easily defeated O'Donnell by 57 % -40 % in November . A similar scenario occurred in Colorado , where conservative Ken Buck defeated favored Lt. Gov. Jane Norton in the GOP Senate primary , then lost to Democrat Michael Bennet in the general election . Two years later in Indiana , Republican Richard Mourdock beat veteran Sen. Richard Lugar in the primary , then lost the race for the seat Lugar had held for six terms to Democratic Rep. Joe Donnelly . 5  Ted Cruz and Michele Bachmann Who had heard of either politician back in 2009 ? Today , both are household names after Michele Bachmann used her status as a tea party favorite to run for president in 2012 and Cruz rode tea party backing to get elected as a senator from Texas the same year . Bachmann railed against Obamacare and federal spending in her energetic but short-lived campaign best remembered for her frequent outlandish and accuracy challenged statements . She won the Iowa straw poll in August 2011 to get an early jump on the crowded GOP field , but her novelty flamed out and she finished sixth in the Iowa caucuses the following January . Bachmann dropped out of the race shortly thereafter , and now is leaving Congress altogether at the end of 2014 . Cruz is on an opposite trajectory . More than any of the other tea party stalwarts elected in recent years , he has walked the talk by repeatedly taking on the Washington establishment of both parties in Quixotic escapades that gain him notoriety at the expense of GOP clout . Texas tea partier wants GOP on Cruz control Last September , Cruz waged a 21-hour filibuster against a government spending extension , at one point reading aloud the Dr. Seuss book "  Green Eggs and Ham " to his children back home , as part of his crusade against Obamacare . His tactics led to a 16-day government shutdown in October that failed to gain Republicans anything but public scorn for the political shenanigans involved . Undeterred , Cruz recently forced fellow Republicans in the Senate to join Democrats in overcoming his filibuster of a measure to raise the federal borrowing limit so the United States would n't default on its bills . GOP leaders wanted to let the measure pass with no Republican support so they could blame Democrats , but Cruz 's filibuster threatened an impasse that could have rattled financial markets and possibly brought a downgrade of the U.S. credit rating . Fearful that Republicans would again be blamed for Washington dysfunction , Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell led a dozen aisle-crossers who voted with Democrats to end the Cruz filibuster , then rejoined fellow Republicans in opposing the measure in the final vote that only needed Democratic support to pass . Afterward , Cruz complained that such political "  show " votes hurt the party much more than his ideological purity of trying to wring more spending cuts out of Democrats in order to pass the debt ceiling hike . In the end , it remained unclear whether such antics will hurt or help the freshman senator considered a possible GOP presidential contender as soon as 2016 . 6  New vocabulary Who had heard of sequestration five years ago ? Today it is part of the political-policy vocabulary , thanks in part to the way that the tea party changed the conversation through its laser focus on issues such as the national debt , the federal budget and entitlement spending . The refusal by tea party Republicans in the House to accept business-as-usual compromises on federal spending caused a series of showdowns with Obama and Democrats . One brought a compromise that included sequestration -- across-the-board cuts in government spending , including the military . While sparing entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid , the sequester cuts came closest to the tea party goal of shrinking government to lower deficits . Now Congress has started undoing the sequestration limits , angering tea party conservatives and putting pressure on Republican candidates in November congressional elections who supported the December budget compromise . 7  Poor John Few sights have been as politically expressive as House Speaker John Boehner repeatedly having to drop legislation he supported because he was unable to get his own caucus to back him . The ability of tea party Republicans to undermine compromises with Democrats pushed by Boehner demonstrated the GOP split between the mainstream leadership and more extremist newcomers . Tea Party SOTU Response : ` Obamacare is an inequality Godzilla ' After the government shutdown in October , Boehner adopted a tougher stance by criticizing tea party tactics that harmed Republicans . Earlier this month , he joined 27 other Republicans to vote with 193 Democrats in passing the debt-ceiling hike over the objections of 199 Republicans . Even Boehner 's long-time political foe , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , sounded sympathetic on Thursday , calling on Republicans to "  take back your party " from what she described as extremists . "  I think  the tea party  considered it a success when they shut down government and I do n't think that was for the good of the nation , " Pelosi said , adding that the tea party "  hijacked the name Republican . " 8  IRS targeting Without a tea party movement , there would have been no tea party groups for Internal Revenue Service officials to screen out when checking applications for tax-exempt status . It turns out that liberal groups also were targeted for extra scrutiny , based on specific words in their names , as the IRS tried to figure out if new organizations were trying to skirt election funding limits by claiming they were 501  c   4  social welfare organizations . Conservative Republicans continue crying foul , but investigations so far found no deliberate political machinations by the IRS . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Shannon Travis , Ashley Killough and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	For better or worse , the tea party movement has made a difference Who heard of Ted Cruz or sequestration back in 2009 ? Protesting patriots or political obstructionists ? Mainstream Republicans are pushing back
CNN  -- While on a television program several years ago , I recounted a story about moving with my family into a new home in the suburbs of Washington . As a black family , we were welcomed to the neighborhood with a shocking sight . My mother and I looked out the kitchen window the morning after we moved in to notice that someone had driven across our new lawn , skidding over mom 's cute dogwood tree , and placed a cross there to intimidate us . Not being wanted in this neighborhood based on the color of our skin made a fearful and lasting impression on me as a 9-year old . About a week after the show a letter came to my office . Penned by a man who identified himself as a "  White Fundamentalist Supremacist Christian , " the letter was a fiery missal responding to my television appearance and underscoring his disdain for black people and his glee over the fact that I had a "  burning cross "  I never said it was burning  in my front yard . I have this letter posted on the back of my office door with a note I wrote across it with a black sharpie : "  This is why God has called us to be gracists and ambassadors of reconciliation ! " As whites become minorities in America , traditional minority groups like mine will be called upon to graciously build bridges to help whites adjust to their new minority status without malice or vengeance . Diversity is an ever-evolving , rotating movement of new people and new perspectives in America . While the term may have been largely about blacks at one time , and more recently , Latinos , we find Koreans , Chinese and Filipinos filling up the melting pot . In some areas of the country , as in Michigan , it 's the burgeoning Muslim population , or in Minnesota and Ohio , the growing populations of Somalis . Diversity is here to stay . Welcome to the realization of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's dream . Yet , when King gave his "  I Have a Dream " speech , I wonder if he ever envisioned a day when whites in America would actually be the minority . Judging people by the content of their character and not by the color of their skin is altogether as important as it is for blacks . This will become increasingly the case in the decades to come . Integrating whites into the mosaic of American society is an important ideal to embrace , because integration has always been construed as mixing other minorities into a white-dominated world . Whites will become a minority within three decades , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . If this happens as predicted , within little more than one generation , whites will be the largest minority group in America . In the United States we are in for a new age of diversity that all Americans should be aware of with eyes wide open . For the first time in U.S. history , the majority rule of whites will be threatened , which means the concept of rugged individualism that worked so well for whites in America in centuries past may be threatened . The rules of personal responsibility and relational networking  some call it the "  good old boy " network  as an avenue for success will no longer be sufficient in a multicultural and global society . I predict the new minority whites will break into at least two groups : diverse whites , those who are culturally aware and multiculturally proficient , and reverse whites , those who will fight doggedly to hold on to whatever superior status they can . Other minorities , especially blacks , have a choice to be what I call "  gracists , " people who extend favor , kindness , forgiveness and grace to others regardless of , and sometimes because of , color , class or culture . Whites will have the choice of retreating into fear and loathing or embracing their new status with understanding and grace . The integration of whites is not their sole responsibility . Gracism is the powerful assertion that each group should extend grace toward other groups , including minorities extending it to their former oppressor and whites extending it to others rather than protectionism out of fear . The more perfect union will become a reality if that union of gracists will realize that the dream of the Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. extends to all multicultural configurations and presupposes the coming together of all people as equally human . The factional system of dysfunctional diversity , where power structures are reserved for a majority race to dominate others , is being dismantled one generation at a time . The mosaic of more Americans sharing power beyond one or two dominating racial groups will demand new partnerships based on sociological-political ideas that will drive robust debates , giving birth to innovation and collaboration . The ugly beast of race baiting and power hoarding will not easily die , at least not without a vitriolic fight . In the not-so-distant future , we can expect that diverse whites and reverse whites will be at odds . Gracists must be present to step into the divide and integrate them both . Reverse whites who want to go back to the way things were will still write letters applauding fear mongering . White interest groups may subversively advocate for sustaining institutional structures that perpetuate inequality . The fear of loss of racial dominance may give birth to a growing number of whites feeling cultural disequilibrium . But diversity is here to stay . Immigration is our history . Unity has a chance at being our destiny . If we enter into this brave new world with a spirit of grace , our success as a multicultural , multi-ethnic nation will be a dream realized . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Anderson .	David Anderson : America sees diversity in many forms He says few realize that whites in America will become a minority group in 3 decades Anderson says some may react well ; others may mourn loss of privileged status He says Americans have the choice to extend grace to each other , realizing MLK 's dream
CNN  -- Having fended off sheriffs , car racers , backwoods locals and more during his long career on the silver screen , actor Burt Reynolds is successfully fighting flu symptoms in a Florida hospital , his representative said Saturday . Reynolds was dehydrated and suffering from flu symptoms when he went to the hospital , then was transferred to its intensive care unit , his representative Erik Kritzer said Friday . By the next day , Reynolds ' fever had gone down as his overall condition improved , the representative said . Still , he remained in the ICU on Saturday evening . "  He is feeling better , " Kritzer said , predicting that Reynolds would be released Monday from the hospital . The representative has declined to divulge what hospital the actor was in , saying Reynolds wanted to keep that information private . Born in southern Georgia , Reynolds and his family moved to Michigan and eventually to southeastern Florida , according to his profile on the website of the Florida Artists Hall of Fame , in which he was inducted in 1993 . At Palm Beach High School , he first made a name for himself as a football star and earned an athletic scholarship to Florida State University . When injuries derailed his promising athletic career , Reynolds turned to acting . He scored small parts in the late 1950s , then broke through a few years later in the role of Quint on the TV series "  Gunsmoke . " His career took another leap with the 1972 release of "  Deliverance , " in which he played an Atlanta businessman exploring the remote north Georgia wilderness with friends . "  The Longest Yard " came out two years later , starring Reynolds as an ex-football player who lands in prison . Get the latest update on the flu His charismatic notoriety soared through the late 1970s and into the 1980s , during which he spearheaded the "  Smokey and the Bandit " and "  Cannonball Run " movie franchises . While his popularity waned relatively , Reynolds continued to score movie and TV roles into the 1990s . That included on "  Evening Shade , " where he earned an Emmy in 1991 playing Wood Newton -- once again , a former football player . His lone Oscar nomination came in 1998 , in the best supporting actor category , for his portrayal of pornographic film producer Jack Horner in the film "  Boogie Nights . " From the archives : Heart surgery gives Reynolds ` new pipes '	Burt Reynolds is "  feeling better , " though still in the ICU with flu symptoms , his rep says He likely will be released from the hospital on Monday , the actor 's representative adds Reynolds was one of America 's most popular actors in the 1970s and 1980s He starred in "  Deliverance , " the "  Smokey and the Bandit " series and "  Boogie Nights "
CNN  His satire took Egypt , and the world , by storm . But now , Bassem Youssef -- Egypt 's most famous satirist known as his country 's Jon Stewart -- has the public profile of a politician in retirement , leading study groups at the Harvard Kennedy School . "  Well , you know , sometimes circumstances are not the best for you to continue a political satire show , " Youssef told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an interview that aired Monday . "  Sometimes jokes kind of are annoying . " His show -- literally called "  The Show , " or "  Al Bernameg " -- ran for three seasons during Egypt 's turbulent and utterly confusing post-Arab Spring days . Youssef 's biting satire left nothing unscathed -- whether the president , political and militant Islam , or the military . "  There is room for satire and comedy as long as it 's acceptable by the people controlling the atmosphere . " His incredible story from cardiac surgeon to satirist to political target is the subject of a documentary currently in production , directed by a senior producer for Stewart , with whom Youssef developed a close relationship . "  It 's talking about political satire , humor , how  people can  be all for a certain program or a joke , but when the joke turns on them , they kind of like turn on you , " he said . "  And so maybe we were an equal opportunity satirist , but they were not  an  equal opportunity audience . " The chances are small that his show would be allowed back on air , if he even wanted to do so -- "  The question is will I be allowed to do , make fun of whatever  I want  ? " "  Who said that my country 's authoritarian ? Come on , " he joked . "  I mean , do n't put words in my mouth . We are -- it 's a very , very good , democratic country ; please , please . " But he is far from idle , seemingly casting around for ways to occupy his immense talent . At Harvard , he is a visiting fellow working on "  political satire and humor , and how they interact with political , social and even religious taboos . " He is careful not to say he is teaching , as "  Harvard professors are very touchy when resident fellows come here and say they teach . " He is also writing a script for a movie comedy , and building a platform to identify talent in the Arab world and allow more people to experience the extreme and unexpected success he did . "  Satire did n't begin or end with my program . I mean , it is a part of people 's culture , a part of people 's thoughts . So if one program is off , there are people who will find other ways . " His program showed the Arab world in a new light for many in the West , and he said he hopes more will follow in his footsteps . It 's a counterbalance , if you will , to the messianic image propagated by ISIS . "  I do n't want to even call them extreme Muslims . I think they are a bunch of lunatics , who instead of playing ` Grand Theft Auto ' on video games , they want to do it in real life . " It may not often reach a Western audience , but Youssef said that YouTube is filled with Arabs making fun of ISIS -- for example , setting the group 's favorite "  anthems " to images of belly dancers . "  It happens with all religions ... , " he said . "  So they are crazy , and they are a threat for me as much they are a threat to you . " Despite all Youssef 's projects , many simply want him to return to the airwaves . Is he eyeing , Amanpour asked , the seat that will soon be vacated by his mentor , Stewart ? "  The day that I actually have been chosen to replace Jon Stewart will be like -- it will be glorious , " he said . "  But I do n't think that Americans would like to take their political satire from a Middle Eastern guy with a thick accent . I think this is going to be even more difficult than electing a black president . "  But you know , let 's hope . "	Bassem Youssef is a visiting fellow at Harvard working on "  political satire and humor " Egypt 's Jon Stewart had program that ran for three years in post-Arab Spring days "  There is room for satire and comedy as long as it 's acceptable " by those in control , he says
Joint Base Lewis-McChord , Washington  CNN  -- "  The plan was to kill people . " That 's what Army Spc. Jeremy Morlock said Wednesday moments after he pleaded guilty at a court-martial proceeding to killing Afghan civilians in 2010 . Lt. Col. Kwasi Hawks , the military judge in the case , had asked Morlock if he and fellow soldiers just meant to scare civilians with grenades and gunfire and it "  got out of hand . " Morlock , 22 , and four other soldiers who face murder charges are accused of killing Afghan citizens for sport . Seven more soldiers are accused of helping cover up the killings . Morlock also pleaded guilty to drug charges . He has pleaded not guilty to charges that he struck another soldier and that he photographed and possessed photos of dead Afghans . Morlock was charged with three counts of murder . Hawks accepted Morlock 's guilty plea , but sentencing will take place later . The defendant addressed the court , saying , "  I want to apologize to the families of my victims , the people of Afghanistan and my fellow soldiers . " The Wasilla , Alaska , native said he has been reflecting "  on how I lost my moral compass . " Morlock told the judge he pleaded guilty in hopes of receiving a lesser sentence . The defendant , who could have been sentenced to life in military prison without the possibility of parole , agreed to testify against other soldiers . Morlock must now serve the remainder of a 24-year prison sentence and could be paroled in seven years . The judge counted the year Morlock has already spent in confinement toward his sentence and parole eligibility date . Morlock 's attorney , Frank Spinner , told the court his client "  has admitted responsibility for what he did . " "  No one takes pleasure in testifying against others , " Spinner said . "  He plans to testify truthfully . " Morlock was accused of killing one Afghan civilian in January 2010 with a grenade and rifle ; killing another in May 2010 in a similar manner ; and shooting a third to death in February 2010 . Another soldier , Pfc. Andrew Holmes , also faces charges in the case , but a start date for his court-martial has not been publicly announced . In all , officials charged 12 U.S. soldiers in what they called a conspiracy to kill Afghan civilians and cover it up , along with charges they mutilated corpses and kept grisly souvenirs . Morlock was the first of the five to face an Article 32 hearing , the military equivalent of a grand jury hearing , at Joint Base Lewis-McChord . Holmes is charged with the premeditated deaths of three civilians , possessing a dismembered human finger , wrongfully possessing photographs of human casualties and smoking hashish . He is also accused of conspiring with Morlock to shoot at a civilian and then toss a grenade so it would look like the soldiers were under attack . All the accused men were members of a 2nd Infantry Division brigade operating near Kandahar in southern Afghanistan in 2009 and 2010 . The three others facing murder charges are Staff Sgt. Calvin Gibbs , of Billings , Montana ; Adam Winfield , of Cape Coral , Florida ; and Spc. Michael Wagnon , of Las Vegas . Authorities allege Gibbs kept finger bones , leg bones and a tooth from Afghan corpses . Wagnon allegedly kept a skull from a corpse , according to charging documents . Several soldiers are charged with taking pictures of the corpses , and one soldier is charged with stabbing a corpse . This week , German news outlet Der Spiegel published photographs of what they identified as Morlock and Holmes posing over the bodies of dead Afghans . Two images show the soldiers kneeling by a bloody body sprawled over a patch of sand and grass . A third shows what appears to be two bodies propped up , back to back , against a post in front of a military vehicle . The U.S. Army released a statement Monday calling the photographs "  repugnant to us as human beings and contrary to the standards and values of the United States Army . " "  We apologize for the distress these photos cause , " the statement said . Army officials asserted in the statement that ongoing court-martial proceedings related to the alleged atrocities "  speak for themselves . " "  The photos appear in stark contrast to the discipline , professionalism and respect that have characterized our soldiers ' performance during nearly 10 years of sustained operations . "	NEW : Soldier 's possible life without parole sentence cut to 24 years in plea deal "  The plan was to kill people , " Army Spc. Jeremy Morlock tells court . "  I lost my moral compass . " Morlock pleads guilty to murder and drug charges 4 other U.S. soldiers are also charged with killing Afghan civilians
Cairo  CNN  -- Hundreds of people were caught up early Saturday in a standoff between Islamist supporters of deposed President Mohamed Morsy and the Egyptian military at a mosque-turned-makeshift morgue , raising fears of a widening violence that will further push the country into chaos . The Al-Fateh mosque near Ramses Square in central Cairo has become the latest flashpoint in the growing crisis after more than 1,000 people reportedly sought refuge following Friday 's clashes between protesters primarily aligned with the Muslim Brotherhood and security forces . Protesters took those killed and wounded in the clashes at the Ramses Square to the mosque , where the Muslim Brotherhood established a makeshift field hospital . State-run EGYNews , citing military officials , reported that security forces will provide safe passage for those inside the mosque . But those trapped are afraid to leave because they believe they will be attacked by plainclothes "  thugs " aligned with the military , citing similar incidents in recent days , a doctor inside the mosque told CNN by telephone . The see-saw allegations have only added to growing tensions between the two sides , which have accused one another of inflating allegations of violence to further their stance . CNN can not independently confirm the claims by the protesters or the military . The group outside fired at the mosque , breaking a window , and then tried to break down the front door , the doctor and two people inside told CNN . The military has said the women can leave , but the men will be arrested , said the doctor , who asked not to be identified because of security fears . But EGYNews , citing security officials , reports that people are being prevented from leaving the mosque by protesters . Local media purported to broadcast live footage from inside the mosque , showing men and women with their faces covered by medical masks and scarves over fears security forces will fire tear gas . The standoff came hours after thousands of protesters defied a government-imposed curfew , staying put in Cairo 's Ramses Square and the streets , while soldiers and armored personnel carriers were deployed around the square and adjoining streets . The military warned it would "  deal firmly " with anyone who breaks the curfew , raising fears of a repeat of Wednesday 's military raids on pro-Morsy protest camps that left an estimated 580 dead and 4,000 wounded . Egyptian state-run Nile TV reported 821 Muslim Brotherhood members were arrested across Egypt on Friday on charges of rioting and creating violence . The same report quoted Interior Ministry as saying authorities seized seven hand grenades , five automatic weapons , pistols and 710 rounds . The clashes began Friday following afternoon prayers , when thousands of Muslim Brotherhood protesters demanding the return of Morsy took to the streets promising a day of rage . Another bloody day across country Conflicting casualty figures were being reported : A medic at a Muslim Brotherhood-supported field hospital near Ramses Square said 54 people had been killed , according to the official al-Ahram news agency , while state-run Nile TV putting the number at 17 people killed and 40 wounded . In northern Egypt , at least 16 people were killed and 140 wounded in fighting between Morsy supporters and the military in the coastal city of Alexandria , Nile TV reported , citing medical officials . But al-Ahram put the number at 21 , citing local health ministry officials . In nearby Suez City , soldiers moved late Friday against a number of pro-Morsy demonstrators attempting to camp out at a square after the curfew , al-Ahram reported . There were no immediate reports of casualties . The casualties have not been limited to Morsy supporters and security forces . A number of bystanders , residents and journalists have been killed as the violence has widened . Fighting also was reported between Morsy supporters and residents in the northeast city of Ismailia and in the Nile Delta cities of Tanta and Damietta during the curfew , the news channel reported . By nightfall Friday , state-run media reported sporadic fighting between roving bands of armed protesters and residents in Cairo , where military helicopters could be seen patrolling from the sky as soldiers fanned out across the streets . Smoke wafted through Ramses Square from a fire that engulfed a nearby commercial building . It was unclear what caused the fire . Earlier in the day , A CNN crew witnessed men in plainclothes standing next to military tanks and firing into crowds . The crew also saw that some in the crowd were armed . Security forces fired tear gas at a mass of people on a major bridge leading to the centrally located Ramses Square . Machine-gun fire was heard in central Cairo as a military helicopter flew overhead . Elsewhere in Cairo , armed groups were reportedly firing from rooftops , attempting to down a military surveillance helicopter , state-run media reported , citing security sources . Armed protesters also attacked a police station in central Cairo , killing the police chief , state-run EGYNews reported . Since Wednesday , 52 police officers have been killed , state television reported . Earlier reports of 64 dead were incorrect . State TV also said 25 police stations and 10 churches have been attacked . The interim government has blamed the Muslim Brotherhood for the attacks . At least 263 people , described by armed members of the Muslim Brotherhood , have been arrested across the country , according to the Egyptian Ministry of Information . "  The struggle to overthrow this illegitimate regime is an obligation , " the Muslim Brotherhood said on its website Friday , while urging people to protest peacefully . Echoes of violence The violence echoed the upheaval that preceded the popular uprising that ousted Hosni Mubarak from power in 2011 . The military removed Mubarak after protests against his authoritarian rule , but not before an estimated 840 people were killed . The generals yielded power to Morsy after elections , but the new president soon was accused of pursuing an Islamist agenda and excluding other factions from the government . The military ousted Morsy from office on July 3 , a move that triggered massive protests among his supporters . Morsy 's supporters say the deposed president was n't given a fair chance and that the military has returned to its authoritarian practices of the Mubarak era . The government reinforced the comparison by imposing the month-long state of emergency , a favored tactic of Mubarak . Morsy and key members of the Muslim Brotherhood have been detained . The most senior Muslim Brotherhood leader still at large , Essam el-Erian , said Thursday the protests will continue until Morsy is returned to office . "  They can arrest me and 100 of us , but they ca n't arrest every honorable citizen in Egypt , " el-Erian told CNN . "  They ca n't stop this glorious revolution . " Military vehicles were deployed Friday across Cairo and Giza , taking up positions in squares and securing important institutions , EGYNews reported , citing security officials . The news agency said the military increased checkpoints at all entrances to Cairo to prevent the smuggling of arms to protesters . Police will use live ammunition to subdue any attack against police facilities , state media said . Western alarm The escalating violence has alarmed the West , where leaders have long looked to Egypt as a stabilizing force in the region . French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for a meeting next week of European Union foreign ministers to coordinate a response to the violence in Egypt . The EU 's foreign policy chief , Catherine Ashton , called the rising casualty toll "  shocking . " "  Responsibility for this tragedy weighs heavily on the interim government , as well as on the wider political leadership in the country , " she said . Egyptian authorities rejected criticism from U.S. President Barack Obama and other world leaders on Wednesday 's ferocious clashes , which left at least 580 people dead after security forces broke up huge sit-ins in Cairo , according to the Health Ministry . Obama , who has resisted calls to cut off military aid to Egypt and label Morsy 's ouster a coup , on Thursday stressed the United States would not support one political faction over another . Even predominantly Muslim nations voiced displeasure , with Turkey recalling its ambassador in Egypt in light of the crisis , a Turkish foreign ministry representative said . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Raja Rezak reported from Cairo ; Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Saskya Vandoorne , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Ian Lee , Frederik Pleitgen , Laura Smith-Spark , Greg Botelho , Michael Pearson and Holly Yan also contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 1,000 people are caught up in a standoff at a Cairo mosque , officials say NEW : State TV reports 821 Muslim Brotherhood members arrested Conflicting casualty figures put the death toll in Cairo between 17 and 54 Roving armed groups are sporadically clashing in Cairo , state media reports
CNN  -- When I was a small child , I spent many afternoons on my father 's lap seeing qat being chewed in front of my eyes . In fact , I used to innocently help my father and hand him the greenish leaves from the plastic bag that was seated right next to us . My father , like almost all men in Yemen , would spend every afternoon , every day of the week and every month of the whole year chewing qat starting from afternoon until late at night . Now I 'm joining a campaign against this leafy narcotic because of the devastating effect it has on my country . Aside from the effect that the drug has on individuals , production of qat is using up almost a third of groundwater in a country that suffers chronic water shortages . We are calling for a "  No Qat Day " on April 12 , asking the government to completely ban qat from its offices . There are several reasons that my father -- and more than 90 % of Yemeni men -- chew qat for many hours a day . Chief among these is the excitement they obtain from it and the relaxing and sociable atmosphere it generates . Little did I know as a child the catastrophic effect it has on life in Yemen . Chewing qat is a major cultural phenomenon in Yemen and many East African countries . It used to be socially unacceptable for women to chew qat but nowadays a great number of women chew qat . Today , almost 90 % of my female relatives chew qat . I myself have tried it once . Qat is an integral part of Yemen 's society because of two factors . The first factor is that during qat sessions contacts are made , business deals are sealed and social and even governmental decisions are made . The second factor is qat induces a state of euphoria and elation with feelings of increased alertness and arousal . It contains cathinone , a natural amphetamine that in the United States is a Schedule one drug , alongside heroin and cocaine . In 1980 , the World Health Organization classified qat as a drug of abuse that can generate light to moderate psychological dependence and not necessarily addictiveness . More alarming , qat farmers usually sprinkle pesticide residues on it , which causes cancers , liver cirrhosis and kidney disease . This destructive leaf is not only lethal for qat chewers but also for Yemen as a state . "  Cultivated areas of qat have increased from less than 10,000 hectares in the early 1970s to 146,810 in 2008 , " said Dr Nasser Abdullah al-Aulaqi , former Minister of Agriculture and Fisheries , in a study paper quoted in the Yemen Observer in January 2012 . "  The gravity of the situation lies in the depletion of groundwater with qat eating up almost 30 % of the natural reserves . Qat production generated in 2008 approximately 246 billion Yemeni Rial  $ 1.1 billion  , while fruits and vegetables brought in 276 billion Yemeni Rial  $ 1.3 billion  and grains 91 billion  $ 422million  , " he continued . Qat is consuming a huge percentage of Yemen 's water , when many experts predict that Yemen will be the first country in the world to run out of water in the near future . Qat embodies a great threat to Yemen 's development socially , economically and environmentally . There have been numerous campaigns to fight qat and the most recent one was created by Hind al-Eryani , a Yemeni political analyst in social media living in Lebanon . "  This campaign is an expansion for the first campaign  No Qat Day  that occurred on January 12 . It was relatively successful . The current campaign calls for the government to ban qat from governmental facilities , " she explains . "  Meaning , to ban employees from chewing qat at those institutions because it 's a troubling side of Yemen . "  There is a collective neglect in Yemen to this issue when it 's threatening . Employees at governmental facilities , teachers in school , lecturers at colleges chew qat publicly and that 's awful . "  At least we must start with those educated working people to eliminate the consumption of qat , which will assist tackling the water shortage , " she adds . Also on Inside the Middle East : Abused animals in Lebanon face losing safe haven In 1972 , Yemen 's former Prime Minister Mohsen al-Aini designed a plan to fight qat with the assistance of religious figures , saying that Qat was sinful . His attempt completely failed . After that , there was no concrete effort from the government to fight qat . However , today there is a hope with the grass-root efforts . Al-Eryani has tens of organizers from local civil-society organizations throughout the country that will run sessions on this issue and distribute posters to people and government employees . She also has endorsement from very influential figures , like Nobel Peace Prize laureate Tawakkul Karman ; prominent researcher and writer Dr Azmi Bishara ; former Yemeni representative to the Arab League Abdel-Malik Mansour , and others . Al-Eryani believes the campaign will be a success . Moreover , most of Yemen 's media outlets will cover the campaign after Ali al-Amrani , the Minister of Information officially ordered them to do so , and schools throughout the country will run activities to raise awareness about qat 's danger after Dr. Abdel-Razaq al-Ashwal , Minister of Education officially ordered them to do so . On top of all that , Omar al-Hemyeri , a Yemeni lawyer , designed a draft for a law to be legislated at the parliament . The draft suggests passing a law that bans chewing qat from governmental facilities . Yemenis kicked out former president Saleh from power but will they kick out qat as well ? We shall wait and see . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Afrah Nasser .	More than 90 % of Yemeni men chew qat , says Yemeni journalist Afrah Nasser Production uses almost a third of Yemen 's groundwater , she says No Qat Day on April 12 asks government offices to ban qat for one day
The numbers are arresting . If Americans under correctional supervision counted as a city of their own , they would form the largest city in the United States after New York . The number of people in prison , on parole or on probation , 6.9 million Americans , exceeds the populations of the second - and third-largest cities , Los Angeles and Chicago , combined . Or the size of the next four -- Houston , Philadelphia , Phoenix and San Antonio -- put together . Thirty-eight U.S. states are home to fewer people than live under the corrections system in this country . There are about as many people behind bars as live in Chicago . That 's one in every 108 Americans . One in 35 are under some form of correctional supervision . Among African Americans , the numbers are even more horrifying . According to the NAACP , one in three black males born in the United States today is likely to spend time in prison at some point in his life . That 's compared with one in six Hispanic males or one in 25 white males . It would be hard to overstate the scale of this tragedy . For a nation that loves freedom and cherishes our rights to life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness , the situation should be intolerable . It is destroying lives and communities . Our corrections system is not correcting . Within three years of being released from prison , nearly half of prisoners are convicted of another crime with one out of every four ending up back in prison . When a typical bureaucracy does its job this badly , it wastes money , time and paper . The corrections bureaucracy , in failing to correct the large majority of inmates in its charge , not only wastes money but also wastes lives , families and entire cities . The current system is broken beyond repair . It 's a human , social and financial disaster . We need a radical strategy of replacement of these huge bureaucracies that lack any meaningful oversight . A number of states , most recently Mississippi , have already begun to take important first steps by directing nonviolent offenders to community supervision and other forms of correction . These measures keep violent offenders off the streets and lesser offenders out of prison , where too often the only education they receive is how to become a more hardened criminal . In Hawaii , Judge Steven Alm has pioneered a model of probation enforcement that has dramatically reduced violations through consequences that are immediate , predictable and proportionate . New York City created a social impact bond to finance prisoner rehabilitation programs run by a nonprofit organization . They will pay out to investors based on savings from a decline in recidivism . There are no doubt countless similar reforms that would reduce rates of incarceration , and we should pursue them . But it is also time for more fundamental changes . We need to rethink prisons , parole and probation for the 21st century . At a time when high-quality education is increasingly digital and in many cases free , should n't we provide opportunities for prisoners to learn skills that will enable them to support themselves as upstanding citizens when they are released ? We know that inmates who earn a GED while incarcerated are substantially less likely to return to prison . There are readily available online tools that our prisons could use extensively for a minimal cost to increase the number of inmates receiving valuable education and skills training . Khan Academy has replicated virtually the entire K-12 curriculum online for free . Udacity and other online education sites offer introductions to software programming for free . Our prisons should be using tools such as these extensively . They offer the opportunity to interrupt the cycle of poverty , a failing education system , crime and incarceration . At most prisons , however , inmates would never be allowed to spend eight hours a day working on educational courses and are instead forced to mill about their cells with little or nothing to occupy their time . Of course , there are significant barriers for convicted felons to get jobs even with education programs . But without some training , it 's almost impossible for many . And with tight budgets and increasing prison populations , states have already been cutting back on the rehabilitation component . Technology should revolutionize more than just the prisons ' rehabilitation programs . It should completely transform the corrections and criminal justice systems . Van is involved in a computer science education initiative for urban youth called #YesWeCode , which in February held a "  hackathon " with students in Oakland , California . One of the hacks the kids came up with was an app to remind them of their court dates . It 's sad , but in an age when the dentist 's office calls automatically to remind us of appointments , should n't the court system do that as well if it prevents kids from spending time in jail ? Similarly , technology should enable much more effective probation and community supervision , especially new options that could allow nonviolent offenders to remain with their families living productive lives under an appropriate level of restriction . Almost any activity to which we might sentence low-level offenders -- apprenticeship programs , school , literacy or computer science boot camps , community service -- would be a better use of taxpayer dollars than sticking them idle in prison with hardened criminals . Unfortunately , the current corrections bureaucracy has embraced none of this innovation -- in part because it is captive to the prison guards ' unions or the private prison lobby , and in part because it lacks any incentives or sufficient competition based on the right metrics . The incarceration industry has grown into a billion dollar industry , with corrections being among the most expensive budget items in many states , increasingly outpacing what they spend on higher education . Opinion : Justice system is failing young black men Years ago , Van proposed that states give wardens a financial incentive to cut the rates of recidivism for inmates leaving their prisons . More than 65 % of inmates in California return to prison within three years of their release , where they will again cost taxpayers an average of $ 47,000 each year . Surely it is worth giving wardens a substantial portion of the savings for every inmate that leaves their prison and does not re-offend . Such incentives would spark dramatically more innovation and investment in rehabilitation , job training and job placement programs for prisoners . That would be a revolutionary change from prison administrators ' current incentives , which are often to keep as many people in custody as possible . Finally , we need real market competition that rewards success at every step of the process -- in probation and parole offices as well as prisons . That does n't just mean privatizing prisons or rewarding probation services with the same failed metrics . We need competition of methods and ideas based on the right criteria : When we send prisoners home , do they have the skills to reintegrate in their communities as working , law-abiding citizens ? Or do they end up coming back ? With more than 2 million of our fellow citizens in prison and millions more in danger of returning , Americans on both the left and the right should be able to agree on the need to replace our broken corrections system and work together to do so . Through Rebuild the Dream 's #Cut50 initiative , at CNN 's "  Crossfire " and elsewhere , we will be working together to explore ways to reduce the prison population substantially in the next decade . We should start by opening our prisons and probation offices to innovation to save money , achieve better outcomes for individuals and ensure better safety for us all .	A vast number of Americans are behind bars or under correctional supervision Gingrich , Jones : The prison system does n't work ; it turns out more hardened criminals They say radical innovation is needed to make prisons focus on rehabilitation Authors : Online education should be used ; wardens should be incented to improve results
CNN  -- The Saudi Justice Ministry Tuesday issued a "  clarification " of a court 's handling of a rape case and the increased punishment -- including 200 lashes -- meted out to the victim . The case , which has sparked media scrutiny of the Saudi legal system , centers on a married woman . The 19-year-old and an unrelated man were abducted , and she was raped by a group of seven men more than a year ago , according to Abdulrahman al-Lahim , the attorney who represented her in court . The woman was originally sentenced in October 2006 to 90 lashes . But that sentence was more than doubled to 200 lashes and six months in prison by the Qatif General Court , because she spoke to the media about the case , a court source told Middle Eastern daily newspaper Arab News . Al-Lahim told CNN his law license was revoked last week by a judge because he spoke to the Saudi-controlled media about the case . Watch the emotional toll the crime took on the rape victim " In a statement issued to CNN , Saudi Ambassador to the United States , Adel al-Jubeir said , "  This case is working its way through the legal process . I have no doubt that justice will prevail . " The Justice Ministry acknowledged in its statement Tuesday that the attorney is no longer on the case , saying he was punished by a disciplinary committee for lawyers because he "  exhibited disrespectful behavior toward the court , objected to the rule of law and showed ignorance concerning court instructions and regulations . " It added that the permanent committee of the Supreme Judicial Council recommended an increased sentence for the woman after further evidence against her came to light when she appealed her original sentence . The judges of that committee also increased the sentences for the perpetrators based on the level of their involvement in the crime . Their sentences -- which had been two to three years in prison -- were increased to two to nine years , according to al-Lahim . The ministry also said it welcomes constructive criticism and insisted that the parties ' rights were preserved in the judicial process . "  We would like to state that the system has ensured them the right to object to the ruling and to request an appeal , " the statement continued , "  without resorting to sensationalism through the media that may not be fair or may not grant anyone any rights , and instead may negatively affect all the other parties involved in the case . " The statement also described the progress of the woman 's case and explained that it was heard by a panel of three judges , not one judge "  as mentioned in some media reports . " It said the case was treated normally through regular court procedures , and that the woman , her male companion and the perpetrators of the crime all agreed in court to the sentences handed down . In Washington , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said U.S. officials had "  expressed our astonishment " at the sentence , though not directly to Saudi officials . "  It is within the power of the Saudi government to take a look at the verdict and change it , " he added . White House homeland security adviser Frances Townsend , who announced her resignation Monday , called the case "  absolutely reprehensible " but told CNN 's "  American Morning " the Saudis deserve credit for their assistance in battling terrorism . "  This case is separate and apart from that , and I just do n't think there 's any explaining it or justifying it , " she added . The case has sparked outrage among human rights groups . "  This is not just about the Qatif girl , it 's about every woman in Saudi Arabia , " said Fawzeyah al-Oyouni , founding member of the newly formed Saudi Association for the Defense of Women 's Rights . "  We 're fearing for our lives and the lives of our sisters and our daughters and every Saudi woman out there . We 're afraid of going out in the streets . "  Barring the lawyer from representing the victim in court is almost equivalent to the rape crime itself , " she added . Human Rights Watch said it has called on Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah "  to immediately void the verdict and drop all charges against the rape victim and to order the court to end its harassment of her lawyer . " The man and woman were attacked after they met in Qatif on the kingdom 's Persian Gulf coast , so she could retrieve an old photograph of herself from him , according to al-Lahim . Citing phone records from the police investigation , al-Lahim said the man was trying to blackmail his client . He noted the photo she was trying to retrieve was harmless and did not show his client in any compromising position . Al-Lahim said the man tried to blame his client for insisting on meeting him that day . It is illegal for a woman to meet with an unrelated male under Saudi 's Islamic law . Al-Lahim has been ordered to attend a disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Justice next month , where he faces a possible three-year suspension and disbarment , according to Human Rights Watch . He told CNN he has appealed to the Ministry of Justice to reinstate his law license and plans to meet with Justice Minister Abdullah bin Muhammad bin Ibrahim Al Al-Sheikh . "  Currently she does n't have a lawyer , and I feel they 're doing this to isolate her and deprive her from her basic rights , " he said . "  We will not accept this judgment and I 'll do my best to continue representing her because justice needs to take place . " He said the handling of the case is a direct contradiction of judicial reforms announced by the Saudi king earlier this month . "  The Ministry of Justice needs to have a very clear standing regarding this case because I consider this decision to be judiciary mutiny against the reform that King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz started and against Saudi women who are being victimized because of such decisions , " he said . Under law in Saudi Arabia , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or have surgery . Women are also not allowed to testify in court unless it is about a private matter that was not observed by a man , and they are not allowed to vote . The Saudi government recently has taken some steps toward bettering the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law that addresses working women 's rights and creation of a human rights commission . E-mail to a friend	NEW : "  Justice will prevail " at end of legal process , says Saudi ambassador to U.S. Justice Ministry acknowledges woman 's lawyer is no longer on the case Court more than doubled woman 's original sentence of 90 lashes to 200 U.S. State Department spokesman : U.S. officials "  expressed our astonishment "
CNN  -- Edgar M. Bronfman Sr. , a former Seagram executive and president of the World Jewish Congress for nearly 30 years , died in New York Saturday , according to a spokesman for his family 's foundation . He was 84 . Bronfman died of natural causes , according to Jonathan Cohen , a spokesman for the family 's Samuel Bronfman Foundation , named after his father , a wealthy liquor mogul . Edgar Bronfman was surrounded by family when he died , Cohen said . Bronfman devoted much of his life to advocating for Judaism and Jewish causes . He traveled to the Soviet Union in 1970 to lobby for greater freedom for Jews living there and helped to win restitution for Holocaust victims from Swiss banks in 1997 . President Bill Clinton awarded Bronfman the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1999 . Bronfman also exposed the Nazi past of former Austrian President Kurt Waldheim . "  He was the first of his kind , a titan of industry that dedicated himself fully to advocating , advancing and encouraging the Jewish people , " said Dana Raucher , executive director of the family 's foundation . "  Edgar showed how vision and long-term thinking can impact the entire landscape of Jewish life . " Bronfman , the son of Canadian liquor mogul Samuel Bronfman , became chairman and CEO of the Seagram Company in 1971 . While at the helm , Bronfman worked to expand Seagram 's presence abroad and to develop the company 's holdings beyond alcohol , including acquiring Tropicana and investing in oil and DuPont , the chemical company . Bronfman retired from the Seagram Company in 1994 and passed the reins to his son Edgar Jr. . He was president of the World Jewish Congress from 1981 until 2007 . Bronfman is survived by his wife , Jan Aronson ; his brother , Charles Bronfman ; his sister Phyllis Lambert , four sons ; three daughters ; 24 grandchildren ; and two great-grandchildren . He was previously married to Ann Loeb , with whom he had five children , and Georgiana Webb , with whom he had two .	Edgar M. Bronfman Sr. , who championed Jewish causes , dies at age 84 He led the Seagram Company , started by his father , for 23 years He visited the Soviet Union in 1970 to advocate for Jews there President Bill Clinton awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom
Jersey City , New Jersey  CNN  -- When Hurricane Irene roared ashore last year , Jeff Spangler was hit hard . The slow-moving storm whipped up a powerful tidal surge that breached sea walls protecting Jersey City , a bedroom Manhattan community , and flooded Spangler 's home to the tune of thousands of dollars in damage and months of home repair . This year , it happened again . Superstorm Sandy and its rare mix of converging weather set records as it barreled into the Northeast on October 29 -- but its local effects may not have seemed so rare to Spangler and others who had survived Irene . Experts warn of impending superstorm era Just like in 2011 , floodwater poured into the low-lying neighborhoods of Jersey City , knocking out power and filling Spangler 's basement . Now , the father of three says he 's considering cutting his losses and moving out . "  The more this flooding happens ... the lower property values will sink , " Spangler said . "  I 'll end up being underwater , literally . " Like many of his neighbors , Spangler rents out his building 's first floor to help to pay his mortgage . Now , his tenants are gone , having left in Sandy 's brutal aftermath . "  Not only are we dealing with repairs , now we 're dealing with the loss of rental income and carrying the full mortgage until we can clean up the area , " he said . New York residents sue utilities after Sandy When Sandy unleashed its deadly torrent of wind and water , Spangler and his family rode it out inside their home as river wash leaked through his first floor and raised anxieties about how much higher it would get . A swollen Hudson River had expanded into his backyard . When it finally receded , the flood left an auburn-colored watermark on his basketball hoop backboard . The hoop was about 7 feet tall . Afterward , the dials on his electrical boxes filled with bubbling pockets of a brownish liquid that seemed to foreshadow the string of electrical problems that would follow across the region . Not forgetting the lack of electricity after of Irene , Spangler had prepared for Sandy , purchasing a generator just days before it hit . After the storm , he ran electrical cables across the street to his neighbors ' homes , padlocking the generator to his wrought iron stoop out of fear of looting . "  I 'm sure there were people watching and waiting for me not to be near that generator , " he said . At the height of the crisis , Spangler said , police and fire officials told him to hide the machine at night because it would take them hours to respond to an incident in his neighborhood . " ` We 're just overstretched , ' " he quoted authorities as saying . That triggered shades of vigilante justice across his neighborhood , though Jersey City police could not be immediately reached for comment regarding the claim . "  I have neighbors across the street who have firearms who told me , ` Do n't worry about it , ' " he said . " ` Just call us  if there 's a problem  and we 'll be right outside with a gun . ' " Preparing for lesser disasters Sandy triggered massive flooding across the Northeast , yet the effect of the floods may have been especially foul in Jersey City . That 's because the city maintains a combined sewer and rain drainage system , meaning floodwater also spewed from pipes , swirled into basements and probably contained raw sewage , according to accounts from local residents and city officials . "  This happened with Irene too , " Jersey City mayoral spokeswoman Jennifer Morrill said . The sewage "  could n't flow out because the water was at its highest capacity . ... So when the water came into  people 's basements  , it was n't just water . " But any sewage overflow that occurred was considered minimal , according to the head of Jersey City 's Municipal Utilities Authority . "  Did it occur on an extensive basis ? Absolutely not , " Dan Becht said . After paying a remediation company to sanitize his basement , Spangler disagreed . He and his neighbors point to the city 's antiquated sewer system as a primary culprit . "  I had to get this whole area disinfected , " he said , standing in his basement illuminated by floodlights . Last year , Jersey City 's drainage system was the focus of a lawsuit from the Environmental Protection Agency , which said the city failed "  to properly operate and maintain its combined sewer system . " The city settled the suit in July of last year and pledged to invest more than $ 52 million in infrastructure repairs and upgrades . And yet those incremental updates may actually miss the bigger point , as many say that little done at the municipal level could have blunted the power Sandy unleashed on the region . The more pressing issue may be how to decipher ways to best protect the city from lesser , more frequent storms , while enlisting federal support for the kind of long-term infrastructure needs that lie ahead . "  Sandy was to some extent unavoidable , " Spangler said . "  But Irene was a flood that never should have happened . " To rebuild or not The gas shortages and massive power outages that plagued New Jersey after Sandy and a nor'easter that struck a week later are now starting to dissipate . The state lifted gas rationing orders Monday , and only about 4,000 customers across the state were still without power as of Wednesday . At the height of the storms , more than 3 million customers in New Jersey were without power . Yet restoring power to many of those still in the dark requires inspectors to go door-to-door to check individual electrical panels , to avoid triggering further damage , such as electrical fires . Opinion : Rebuilding after Sandy too big a risk Still , the cost of rebuilding is in the billions . And Tad Drouet , 45 , said he expects the damage to his Jersey City home after Sandy to be much higher than it was after Irene . "  Last year , our tab for fixing everything was about $ 15,000 , " he said . "  This year , it 'll be twice that . " Others , like Spangler , say they are again shelling out for those home appliances and other items that they expected to buy only once or twice . "  I just spent money again on a washer-dryer , " he said . "  I bought one last year too . These are the things you buy and expect to last 10 years . " Looming over many of these twice-battered storm victims is a basic question : "  How much is enough ? " And yet despite the chorus of post-Sandy voices that warn of a recurring rash of inclement weather in the region , others say market forces will still probably absorb the risks tied to waterfront property and prevent a downward price spiral in real estate . "  There might be temporary blips on the radar , " said Gary Malin , president of Citi Habitats , a New York-based real estate firm that specializes in rentals and home sales . "  But if history teaches us anything , people always rebuild and they always come back . " Football players help fellow Sandy victims	Last year , Hurricane Irene flooded Jeff Spangler 's Jersey City home Today , he 's dealing with the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy Last year , the city 's drainage system was the focus of a lawsuit brought on by the EPA
CNN  -- A British woman could face the death penalty after being found with an estimated $ 2.6 million worth of cocaine in her luggage by Indonesian authorities . Lindsay June Sandiford , 55 , was found to have blocks of cocaine weighing almost 4.8 kilograms in her suitcase after she arrived on the island of Bali on a Thai Airways flight earlier this month , government officials said . Sandiford , described by British media reports as a housewife , did not speak as she was paraded at a press conference Monday wearing a prison-issue orange t-shirt . Three other Britons -- one woman and two men -- and an Indian man are also being questioned , Bali police narcotics chief Mulyadi told reporters . They are accused of being part of an international syndicate , he said . Under Indonesia 's extremely strict drugs laws , Sandiford could face execution , according to the head of Bali 's Customs and Excise Agency monitoring division , Made Wijaya . "  The main reason is because narcotics can massively endanger the young and , thus , whoever is caught with drugs should be severely punished . If three people can consume one gram of cocaine , then this operation has potentially saved up to 14,000 lives , " Wijaya told journalists at Monday 's press conference . "  This is the biggest drug bust this year , and this is the first cocaine smuggled into Bali in the last three years . " The British Foreign Office said it is "  aware " of the arrests and is "  ready to provide consular assistance . " Mulyadi -- who like many Indonesians uses one name -- revealed Sandiford was detained by customs officials on May 19 in the departure hall at Ngurah Rai International airport in Bali . Officials seized the black suitcase , which contained several packages containing cocaine . He said Sandiford claimed the suitcase was to be delivered to an unknown person as ordered by a British woman identified as RLD . According to Mulyadi , Sandiford then agreed to cooperate with Indonesian authorities and a meeting was set up with RLD on the island two days later . Police were then able to arrest RLD along with her British partner , identified as JAP , another British man known as PB , and an Indian man identified only as NA . The four were shown to reporters at Bali 's police headquarters wearing balaclavas on Monday . Joseph Netto and Rudy Madanir contributed to this report .	55-year-old Briton caught with blocks of cocaine weighing 4.8 kilograms in her suitcase Three other Britons -- one woman and two men -- and an Indian man are also being questioned They are accused by police of being part of an international syndicate
CNN  -- Another go at "  Iron Man " ? Robert Downey Jr. would welcome the opportunity . Hollywood 's highest-paid actor told Entertainment Weekly that he would have no problem putting on the big red suit if Marvel will have him back . Robert Downey Jr. : Hollywood 's highest-paid actor  again "  It 's down to Kevin  Feige , Marvel Studios president  and Ike  Perlmutter , CEO of Marvel Entertainment  and Disney to come to us with what the proposal is , and that 's on us to agree or disagree , " Downey said . But he added , "  Right now , this has just been swell , has n't it ? " Downey is currently filming the new "  Avengers " movie . The first three "  Iron Man " films have been among the highest-grossing of the last decade . The first , "  Iron Man "  2008  , made more than $ 300 million in the United States and close to $ 600 million overall . The second , "  Iron Man 2 "  2010  , did about the same here but improved on its overseas performance . And the third film , "  Iron Man 3 "  2013  , made more than $ 400 million domestically and -- including international grosses -- topped out at more than $ 1.2 billion . Downey was careful to add a "  you never know " to his apparent enthusiasm . "  It 's that thing of : Why give up the belt when it feels like you can barely get jabbed ? " he said . "  Most people are saying that right when they get knocked out . "	Robert Downey Jr. seems willing to do another "  Iron Man " It 's up to execs , he tells magazine , but says , "  This has just been swell " First three "  Iron Man " films have been hugely successful
A judge in Georgia on Wednesday ordered the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's Bible and Nobel Peace Prize to be stored in a safe deposit box that only the court will access until litigation over the items between the slain civil rights leader 's children can be worked out . Fulton County Superior Judge Robert McBurney ordered King 's daughter , Bernice , to turn over the items but did not set a timeline . The judge 's order is the latest development in a feud between King 's daughter and two sons -- Dexter King and Martin Luther King III -- over control of the Bible and Nobel prize . Bernice King alleges her brothers want to sell the objects . The slain civil rights icon 's estate -- controlled by his sons -- sued King 's daughter to force her to turn over the items . The judge ordered the items placed in a safe deposit box in the name of the King estate , but only the court would hold the keys . McBurney based his decision on "  the likelihood the estate will show the Bible and peace prize are possessions of the estate . " The items are "  in a safe deposit box in an unknown location , " the judge said . Bernice King , who was 5 when her father was assassinated , is acting as "  the gatekeeper " to her father 's property , said attorney William Hill , who represents the King estate . He says she has no individual claim to the property that belongs to the estate controlled by her brothers . According to the complaint , King 's heirs agreed in 1995 to give up their inheritance to the Estate of Martin Luther King Jr. . Inc. , but Bernice King has "  secreted and sequestered " the items in question . The estate wants the civil rights leader 's 1964 Nobel Peace Prize and his traveling Bible , which was used by President Barack Obama when he was sworn in for his second term . The Bible used to be on display at the Martin Luther King Jr. . Center for Nonviolent Social Change in Atlanta . Bernice King has said her brothers told her on January 22 that they wanted the items so they could sell them . Her attorney , Eric Barnum , argued in court that the items in question should be left in the custody of the King Center . Barnum called the attempt to sell the items a "  money grab , " saying there 's a history of the King sons taking money made from possessions sold to line their own pockets . He said Bernice King was n't interested in selling "  critical , sacred items , " no matter the price . The judge compared Bernice King 's stance against the sale of her father 's possessions to Coca-Cola not wanting to sell its cola recipe . He later noted he was not trivializing the value of King 's possessions with the comparison . This is not the first time the family has been at odds over King 's legacy . Over the years , the siblings have sued and counter-sued one another . Bernice King and Martin Luther King III sued Dexter King in 2008 , accusing him of converting "  substantial funds from the estate 's financial account at Bank of America " for his own use . They later agreed to a settlement and avoided a public trial .	A judge has ordered Bernice King to turn over her father 's Bible and Nobel Peace Prize The items will be stored in a safe deposit box that only the court can access The judge made the ruling in a case that pits King 's daughter against his two sons
CNN  -- San Diego Mayor Bob Filner , accused of sexually harassing women , will resign if the San Diego City Council accepts a proposed mediation agreement , local TV stations reported Thursday . The resignation would be effective Friday , according to the stations , including CNN affiliate KGTV . "  It is still our understanding that his resignation is part of the deal that the San Diego City Council needs to sign off on during tomorrow 's closed session , " an official familiar with the negotiations told CNN 's Lindy Hall . The source emphasized that "  until that happens , I do n't believe you will see an official resignation . " City Councilman Scott Sherman said he had not seen the agreement , but is hopeful it includes a resignation , KGTV reported . "  The quicker he 's out of office , the quicker it is to get back into city business , " Sherman told the station . Filner has been under intense pressure to resign in the wake of allegations of serial sexual harassment of women , including inappropriate touching , kissing and comments . He has acknowledged improper conduct and recently underwent therapy . But he has previously resisted the resignation demands , saying his conduct was not enough to force him from office . He even has been locked out of his City Hall office , though Filner indicated in a statement that he returned to work as mayor in that very office on Wednesday . That was the same day that , according to Filner and others involved , three days of mediation talks yielded a tentative agreement . City councilors and others have been reluctant publicly to divulge details on the deal , given the guidelines set by the judge overseeing the mediation talks . Filner , for example , said in a statement Thursday , "  Due to the confidential nature of mediation and settlement discussions , we are unable to comment or make statements about any of the terms . " City Council President Todd Gloria , who is among the nine City Council members calling for a resignation , was similarly tight-lipped . But that should change sometime after the City Council meets -- after a public comment period -- in a closed session around 1 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  Friday to decide on whatever pact is on the table . "  The business of the city of San Diego is being pushed forward as best we can , " Councilman Kevin Faulconer said , adding that the last seven weeks have been "  very difficult " but have n't stopped the city government from functioning . "  We love our city . " Whatever the final deal is , lawyer Gloria Allred -- who represents Filner 's former communications chief Irene McCormack Jackson , who has filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against her former boss , and who has spoken alongside several other accusers -- said Thursday that she hopes it includes not only his resignation , but no future payments to him for legal fees or otherwise . "  There should be no payoff for Mayor Filner , " Allred told reporters Thursday . "  His parting gift should be good riddance instead of a handout . " Allred said that while she took part in the mediation talks , neither she nor her client signed off on any deal , nor did she have details on it . She stressed that Jackson has not dropped her case against Filner , saying , "  Our lawsuit is not settled . " Out of rehab , locked out of the office News of the reported mediation agreement comes after yet another woman came forward to accuse Filner . Businesswoman Dianne York told CNN that Filner put his hands on her buttocks during a photo opportunity that followed a meeting three months ago . York said there were witnesses to what happened . She said both her advisers and Filner 's were in the room at the time . Did mayor target victims of military sexual assault ? York is the 18th woman to accuse Filner of improper conduct . Jackson quit her job and sued the mayor in July , saying he subjected women to "  crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching . Other women have accused him of touching their buttocks and putting them in a headlock and trying to kiss them , among other allegations . And amid the storm of allegations , Bronwyn Ingram ended her engagement to Filner . She had campaigned alongside him during his run for mayor , and was known -- even though the two were n't married -- as the "  first lady " of San Diego before ending their relationship . But speaking Thursday alongside Allred in her first public comments since the scandal broke , Ingram said she now wants Filner to resign as mayor . "  I 'm hopeful that tomorrow will begin a healing process , " Ingram told reporters , "  and that attention will return to the needs of the people . " Opinion : Will ` Mayor Naughty ' please step down ? CNN 's Casey Wian and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Mayor Bob Filner could resign over sexual harassment , local media reports 18 women publicly have accused Filner of sexual harassment A tentative agreement is reached after 3 days of mediation talks
Spain , one of the eurozone 's economic giants , is widely expected to become the bloc 's next victim of the debt crisis . The eurozone 's fourth-largest economy appears headed toward a sovereign bailout , market watchers say . The question now is when . Spain faces regional dissent ahead of local elections , 20 billion euros  $ 25 billion  in debt repayments this month , violent protests on the street , savage budget cuts and devastating unemployment rates . Analysts and economists canvassed by CNN say the issue is whether the country can survive the near term challenges or be forced to seek assistance within weeks . Spain has tried to stem its crisis with a tough budget and an audit on its banking needs . But its efforts face headwinds including pressure from the markets and contagion from frail eurozone members such as Greece and Portugal . Crisis in-depth According to Ralph Silva , director of Silva Research Network : "  Spain is not 100 % in control of its own destiny . " Daiwa Capital Markets economist Tobias Blattner believes the upcoming vote for independence in Catalonia -- the country 's most fractious region -- could tip Spain into seeking a bailout . He expects the Spanish government to request external help between October 21 and November 25 , when local elections will take place . Blattner noted : "  Market pressure is likely to rise ahead of the vote for independence in Catalonia as uncertainty over Spain 's political cohesion will surge . " But Silva believes Spain will be able to hold out until January , despite the regional bickering . He told CNN : "  These political disputes were never really addressed before because everyone was filthy , stinking rich . When you 're filthy , stinking poor , everything matters . " Elisabeth Afseth , of Investec , told CNN that Spain 's upcoming bond payments -- of 5.3 billion euros on October 29 and 15 billion euros on October 31 -- will leave the coffers "  very empty . " She added , "  Assuming the Treasury has sufficient cash reserves to cover the October redemptions the next pressure point comes in January . " Spain : Gliding toward bailout ? While it is "  difficult " to rule out a need for aid this year , Spain 's situation is likely to drag on a little longer , she added . James Nixon , chief European economist at Societe Generale , believes the risk of a bailout is not "  imminent " but that another spike in the country 's borrowing costs would likely be the catalyst for any request . Spain is already poised to tap Europe 's bailout funds to help its banks , which require almost 60 billion euros in support , according to last week 's audit . Spain has 100 billion euros available to it after the Eurogroup in July agreed to assist the country to recapitalize its banks . However , Spain has always said the bank bailout is not a sovereign bailout , unlike those given to Greece , Ireland and Portugal . The banking audit showed seven of the 14 banks assessed -- accounting for approximately 38 % of the Spanish banking system 's credit portfolio -- failed the stress tests . Spain 's next crisis : Regional splits ? At a press conference in Madrid last week , deputy economy minister Fernando Jiménez Latorre said Spain may ask for 40 billion euros of European aid while the rest of the money could come from the banks themselves . However , Silva said : "  if you do n't force mergers -LSB- between banks -RSB- 60 billion euros is n't going to be enough , its going to be closer to 100 billion euros . " And Daiwa credit analyst Michael Symonds , commenting on the stress tests last week , told CNN the country still faced the "  heavy lifting . " He added , "  Over the coming months , restructuring plans will need to be finished-off and approved , the architecture of the bad bank finalized , and the delicate task of haircutting subordinated creditors -- many of which are retail investors -- carried out . "	Spain faces regional dissent ahead of local elections , 20 billion euro in debt repayments due this month Spain is already poised to tap Europe 's bailout funds to help its banks , which require almost 60 billion euros The eurozone 's fourth largest economy will need a sovereign bailout , market watchers say
CNN  -- The Denver Broncos are in ongoing contract talks with free agent quarterback Peyton Manning , a member of the Broncos organization told CNN on Monday . Manning was released earlier this year by the Indianapolis Colts , the only team for which he 'd played in his 14-year pro career . In the subsequent weeks , the Super Bowl XLI victor -- who has been named the National Football League 's Most Valuable Player a record four times -- has been hotly sought after by several teams . He did not play during the 2011 season after having surgery to repair a neck injury , and he ended his career with the Colts this month in an emotional news conference . All indications Monday were that the Broncos were the only ones negotiating with the star quarterback , deflating several other teams in the process . The Miami Dolphins , Washington Redskins , San Francisco 49ers , Tennessee Titans and Arizona Cardinals were said to be among the others interested in signing Manning . SI 's Peter King : Bad news for other teams While the signing has n't been made final , several Denver Broncos players expressed excitement Monday that Manning had picked their team to join . Running back Lance Ball wrote "  Wow ! " on his Twitter feed , while offensive lineman Ryan Clady tweeted , "  Yes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " "  It makes you think big , " linebacker Robert Ayers told reporters . "  If you look at -LSB- it -RSB- historically , the teams that won the Super Bowl are teams with a guy like Ben Roethlisberger and Drew Brees and Eli  Manning  and Aaron Rodgers and all those guys . So it definitely makes you confident . " Linebacker Joe Mays , who officially signed again with the Broncos on Monday , told CNN affiliate KMGH , "  We 're definitely going to go for that Super Bowl ring , and we 're going to do whatever it takes . We 've got the man at quarterback to play for us . " Titans owner K.S. "  Bud " Adams said in a statement that he spoke with Manning on Monday morning . "  I want to thank the whole organization for their efforts in trying to sign Peyton and also to Peyton for the time he put into the process , " he said . "  Peyton called me this morning to inform me of his decision and obviously I am disappointed , because I thought we would be a perfect fit . " Manning told Adams that he will sign with the Broncos , KHOU-TV of Houston , Texas , reported . ESPN , citing multiple unnamed sources , said Manning would become the Broncos quarterback unless some unexpected problem surfaced during contract negotiations . The Denver Post , citing an unnamed NFL source , said Manning called former Broncos quarterback John Elway , who is now the team 's executive vice president for football operations , to say he wants to play for the Broncos and wants to negotiate exclusively with the team . SI 's Don Banks : Manning seeks to follow Elway arc Manning 's agent , Tom Condon , declined to comment . The arrival in Denver of a superstar of Manning 's stature would raise questions about the fate of Tim Tebow , who became the Broncos starting quarterback last year amid electric fanfare and led the team into the playoffs . Tebow won the Heisman Trophy in 2007 , when he played for the University of Florida Gators . SI 's Chris Burke : Manning Watch over ; Tebow Watch begins On Friday , Elway traveled to North Carolina to watch Manning practice . "  Watching him throw today was the next step in this important process for our team and Peyton . It was a productive visit and went well , " Elway said on Twitter . "  We enjoyed visiting with Peyton today in N.C. . He threw the ball great and looked very comfortable out there . "	NEW : Broncos players say Peyton Manning would boost their Super Bowl chances The quarterback and Denver are discussing a contract , a Broncos source says The former Colt was named the NFL 's Most Valuable Player a record four times John Elway of the Denver Broncos visited Manning in North Carolina on Friday
CNN  -- The United States is likely to remain the leading world power in 2030 but wo n't hold the kind of sway it did in the past century , according to a new study by the U.S. intelligence community . Washington will most likely hold its status as "  first among equals " two decades from now , buoyed not only by military strength but by economic and diplomatic power . That 's one of the conclusions of "  Alternative Worlds , " released Monday by the National Intelligence Council . China and other rising powers may be "  ambivalent and even resentful " of American leadership , but they 're more interested in holding positions of influence in organizations such as the United Nations and the International Monetary Fund than assuming that role , the report found . "  Nevertheless , with the rapid rise of other countries , the ` unipolar moment ' is over , and ` Pax Americana ' -- the era of American ascendancy in international politics that began in 1945 -- is fast winding down , " the report states . Monday 's 166-page report is the fifth in the "  Global Trends 2030 " series by the council , an arm of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence . It does n't make specific predictions , but says that the world is at a "  critical juncture " in which technology is advancing , competition for resources is growing and a middle class is emerging in countries around the world . "  Our effort is to encourage decision makers -- whether in government or outside -- to think and plan for the long term so that negative futures do not occur and positive ones have a better chance of unfolding , " council Chairman Christopher Kojm wrote in the report 's preface . The report lays out a series of possible futures , both optimistic and pessimistic , from a world in which globalization has stalled and the risk of war has gone up to one in which collaboration between Washington and Beijing produces a rapid increase in worldwide prosperity . Technological advances will give individuals more freedom , but also have the potential to provide small groups with the kind of destructive capabilities now available only to nations . "  With more widespread access to lethal and destructive technologies , individuals who are experts in such key areas as cyber systems might sell their services to the highest bidder , " Kojm said during a briefing on the report . "  Terrorists might focus less on mass casualties and more on causing widespread economic and financial disruptions . " Economic power is likely to shift away from the United States and Europe to China , India and Southeast Asian countries , and Africa will see an urban boom as people move to cities at a faster rate , the report concludes . But those developments will add pressure to deal with environmental issues such as more frequent or severe droughts and the projected rise in sea levels due to a warming climate . "  Under most scenarios -- except the most dire -- significant strides in reducing extreme poverty will be achieved by 2030 , " the report notes . The numbers of people living in poverty is likely to drop sharply in East and South Asia , the Middle East and North Africa , with sub-Saharan Africa lagging behind . Kojm said , "  economic growth , the rise of the global middle class , greater educational obtainment and better health care mean -- for the first time in human history -- the majority of the world 's population will no longer be impoverished . " But perhaps the biggest question mark in the report is the Middle East . The region "  will be a very different place " in 2030 , the authors conclude . "  But the possibilities run a wide gamut from fragile growth and development to chronic instability and potential regional conflicts . " The youth boom that has driven the Arab Spring revolts will give way to an aging population , while shifts in energy consumption may force oil-rich Middle Eastern economies to find new sources of income . The growth of middle classes will increase demand for political and social change , but that could be a mixed blessing : "  Historically , the rise of middle classes has led to populism and dictatorships as well as pressures for greater democracy , " the authors noted . Meanwhile , that global growth "  disguises growing pressures on the middle class in Western economies , " including international competition for higher-skilled jobs . The growing middle class will also increase demand for water and food by more than 35 % over the next couple of decades the report indicates . Advancements in key technologies such as genetically modified crops , precision agriculture and water irrigation techniques should for the most part prevent scarcity . An increase in the earning power , education and political clout of women "  will be a key driver of success for many countries , " with gender gaps closing fastest in East Asia and Latin America , the report found . And India is likely to be in the same position in 2030 that China is today , it concludes . "  India 's rate of economic growth is likely to rise while China 's slows , " the authors found . China 's 8 % -10 % growth "  will probably be a distant memory by 2030 , " it notes . And India 's economic advantage over regional nuclear rival Pakistan is likely to grow , roughly doubling the comparative size of its economy . CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	The U.S. will remain the top global power , but no more "  Pax Americana , " a new report finds The report projects various "  Alternative Worlds " based on current trends The world will be richer , more technologically advanced ; but that has risks , report says NEW : Terrorists might focus more on economic and financial disruption , expert says
CNN  -- Infighting between Syrian rebels threatened a hospital in the northern city of Aleppo on Sunday , a source said , forcing doctors to hide patients as clashes flared between Islamists and members of the Free Syrian Army . "  Doctors are working neutrally , treating both sides , " said the source in northern Syria , who asked to remain anonymous for fear of reprisal attacks . As doctors treat the wounded , fighters from the FSA and the al Qaeda-linked Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , are fighting outside the hospital and plotting to attack each other inside , the source said . The clashes come after the FSA gave ISIS members a 24-hour ultimatum to surrender and leave the country and arrested 200 members of the al Qaeda-linked group . Spain arrests suspected militant returning from Syria "  We repeat that we do n't want any foreign fighters in Syria , " FSA spokesman Loauy Mokdad told CNN on Saturday . "  We do not want any terrorist groups in Syria . We will not allow them to make bases in Syria . " For months , the groups maintained an uneasy alliance as they fought to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government . But now , infighting within the rebel groups has threatened to tip the balance among rebel forces toward militant groups and away from more secular brigades . The FSA has accused ISIS of killing FSA officers and committing crimes against civilians . "  After six months attempting to hijack our revolution and after they controlled some liberated areas and after they start to force our people to act like Islamic state , we gave so many warnings to them , that 's something not acceptable for us , " Mokdad said . ISIS issued its own ultimatum on Saturday , giving the FSA 24 hours to free their prisoners , or they will leave their joint posts with the FSA in Aleppo . Meanwhile , the source said , time is running out at hospitals in the violence-ravaged area , where diesel fuel needed for generators and ambulances is in short supply and could run out within days . Doctors , the source said , face danger from all sides . While rebels clash , the source described how government forces are closing in on three sides of the city . "  The medical staff in Aleppo will be targeted by ISIS if they know that they are treating FSA patients , by FSA if they know that they are treating ISIS patients , and by  the  regime 's airstrikes if they know that they are treating both , " the source said .	Rebels from the Free Syrian Army are clashing with al Qaeda-linked fighters Both are fighting to topple al-Assad 's government ; now , they 're fighting each other "  Doctors are working neutrally , treating both sides , " source says
CNN  -- Android continues to dominate in the battle to be the top smartphone system in the world , thanks in part to Samsung , which reigned as the top phone manufacturer for 2012 . Android grew its already significant chunk of the smartphone market to 68.8 % last year , while Apple 's iOS operating system stayed comfortably in second place with 18.8 % of smartphone shipments , according to new stats from research firm IDC . Together , the two operating systems accounted for 87.6 % of all new smartphones in 2012 , leaving struggling competitors BlackBerry and Windows far behind . It 's no surprise that Android has surged so far ahead of iOS . There are are thousands of Android handset models in every size and at every price imaginable , while Apple has released only six versions of the iPhone . Apple sold 130 million smartphones last year , according to Gartner . "  Even with the Apple Maps debacle , iPhone owners were not deterred from purchasing new iPhones , " said IDC research manager Ramon Llamas in a statement . Apple released one new iOS phone in 2012 , the much-anticipated iPhone 5 . However , according to Gartner it was previous iPhone models , which dropped in price enough to make them a more appealing option in emerging markets , that accounted for much of Apple 's smartphone success . Even though Apple 's sales are growing , IDC points out that its year-over-year growth is actually slower when compared with the rest of the smartphone market . Samsung sold 384.6 million phones in 2012 , only 53.5 % of which were smartphones , according to Gartner . Chinese phone maker Huawei climbed to the No. 3 smartphone vendor spot in the final quarter of 2012 . Nokia has been struggling and 2013 will be a key year for the company . Its fate is largely tied to that of Windows Phone 8 , which runs on Nokia 's latest Lumia phones . Both BlackBerry and Windows are compteting to win over smartphone customers with their new offerings . BlackBerry just released its long-awaited new smartphone operating system and two new handsets in January , and Microsoft debuted its Windows Phone 8 update at the end of 2012 . BlackBerry must persuade its existing users to make the upgrade and win back some large companies , which were previously its biggest customers . Unlike BlackBerry , Windows Phone 8 unveiled its new products and marketing campaign early enough to make some progress last year . Though it only made up 2.6 % of the smartphone market in 2012 , it did grow its number of shipments an impressive 98.9 % , according to IDC . BlackBerry plummeted 36.4 % from the previous year , but we 'll have to wait and see how its latest products do in the fresh year . Overall , the number of phone sales in 2012 actually dropped 1.7 % from the previous year , the first drop since 2009 . "  Tough economic conditions , shifting consumer preferences and intense market competition weakened the worldwide mobile phone market this year , " Gartner analyst Anshul Gupta said in a statement .	Reports : Android , Apple make up vast majority of global smartphone sales Samsung was the top phone maker in 2012 thanks to its popular Galaxy devices New BlackBerry and Windows Phone 8 devices are just now winning over new users
